






Hair Raiser Tales 2.5

Carnival de Muerte































ROBBY RICHARDSON





























Order this book online at www.traﬀord.com

or email orders@traﬀord.com

Most Traﬀord titles are also available at major online book retailers.

© Copyright 2012 Robby Richardson.

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without the written prior permission of the author.

Printed in the United States of America.

isbn: 978-1-4669-4731-3 (sc)
isbn: 978-1-4669-4730-6 (e)


Traﬀ ord rev. 07/24/2012



www.traﬀord.com

North America & international

toll-free: 1 888 232 4444 (USA & Canada)

phone: 250 383 6864  fax: 812 355 4082
Contents


Big Time (Carnival de Muerte Intro)	1


ACT I

The Muerte Bag

-Lost Stories of Muerte-

The Muerte Bag (Intro)	11

Monsters Under the Bed 2.5: Flight from the Hospital	19

Bloodline III: The Fight for the Crown	35

The Muerte Bag (Interlude)	55

Apocalypse (The Complete First Mini-Series)	67

The Reality of Muerte (Outro)	157


ACT II

Behind The Mirror

-The Edge of Insanity-


Liquid Glass (Intro)	169

Skin Deep	173

Skin Deep II: MAGGOTS	183

Mirror on the Wall	193

The White Rabbit	197

Alternate Ending #1	213

Alternate Ending #2	218

Murder of the Swan	223

My Own Worst Enemy (Outro)	229





v
ACT III

In The Shadow of Grim

-The Scripts of the Grim Reaper-


Blood is Written in the Stars (Intro)	239

Dear Diary	243

Monsters Under the Bed (The Complete First Mini-Series)	247

Symphony #1Song of the Mockingbird	287

Alternate Ending #1	367

Blood is written on the Crown (Outro)	369

ACT IV

Virus

-Killer Edition-


A Killer in us All (Intro)	377

Slaves of Cockroach Island	389

Animosity of the Dummy	417

Stockholm Swamp (Part 2)	427

Virus in us All: The Mad Chemist (Outro)	459



Long Live Muerte (Carnival de Muerte Outro)	469

















vi











Dedication



This book is dedicated to all those struggling to achieve their dreams and chase their stars. This book is also dedicated to the graduating class of 2012 at Unity Junior High in Cicero, IL. I would lastly like to dedicate this book to Mr. Kompare for all the work he put into me. I hope to make you proud.

“So Kings May Rise Stars Must Fall”

-Robby Richardson-























vii

















Big Time




(Carnival de Muerte Intro)

By

Robby Richardson

CARNIVAL DE MUERTE















“But mom, I don’t want to go to this stupid carnival,” my mother stared back at me. Her pointed nose and somber expression was filled with something completely different. Her yellowing teeth smiled widely, “no, no my little dilly willy”. “MOM,” I yelled embarrassed a little. She smiled stretching her chubby cheeks which always remind me a little of Porky Pig. “Its Dillon mom and you should know that, stop treating me like a baby,” my mother patted my knee softly “you’ll always be my baby boy”. “Whatever,” I exclaimed, “anyway my little Dillon,” she smiled grabbing my knee hard in a playfully manner. “It’s pronounced “Carnival,” her hand waved in the air like she was pronouncing it to a stadium. “I’m SO sorry mom,” I said sarcastically wiping my shaggy blond hair from my face, “CARNIVAL”! I said it with such sarcasm that my father had even begun to chuckle. His boisterous laugh always reminded me of an Italian opera star. Which always made my sister laugh, it was contagious. She looked like me except for several missing teeth in the front. She had blue eyes as dark as the lake and her golden hair tangled into a ponytail. She clenched her Barbie which she had called Miss Independent and it traveled with her everywhere she

went.

“Come on dad why are we doing this,” my dad turned a black beard covered his face, his eyes gave a warm feeling to anybody that

3
ROBBY RICHARDSON

gazed upon them. “Your mother and I both agree that you kids need to get some culture in your lives.” I stared at my father, “by what . . .

going to see something gay”! “Gay,” exclaimed my sister excitedly stroking the hair of her doll, “tell me what is gay about the Carnival de Muerte”? Turning to the window, “a bunch of guys dancing around in spandex, brightly colored clothes, covered in stones . . .

yeah sounds pretty . . .” My mother turned in her seat, “not another word we are going as a family and no more insensitivity”. “But mom,” “not another word Dillon we didn’t raise you to say stuff like that “. Before I could respond back my father gave a loud, “look family, we’re here”.
Our tiny SUV pulled into a parking lot that was filled with cars, “looks like the whole town came out”. My mother placed her hand on my father’s shoulders adding to his comment, “well how often is it that something like this comes out this way”? My father found a spot right in the back underneath an eerily looking pine tree. The “Carnival” was nothing that I had expected . . . well the large black and red circus tent was exactly what I had expected. People exited their vehicles and were heading up towards the large open section of the tent. I stared at the masses of people, “I don’t think I have ever seen the whole town in one place before”. My father picked up my sister as my mother chortled joyfully patting me on the back. We approached the tent, which was covered with different “spooky” things. Cobwebs covered the sides of the tent as body parts littered the dying brown grass. A ticket booth stood at the entrance of the opening, the line formed in front of it. As we took a spot in line I was able to take in more of the surroundings. My mother ruffled my hair absent-mindedly, “what’ cha looking at Dillon”? I stared around as people bustled around in many different types of attire. Clowns, werewolves, monsters of all sizes and types, this was unlike any Carnival I had ever been to.

4
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

“Hey mom, what exactly is this Carnival de Muerte,” “oooh,” my mother gave a little squeal of pleasure. “It’s unlike anything you have every seen,” she leaned into me “they say that it is one of the most terrifying experiences of your life”. She continued “It’s a carnival that has different acts and every act has its own story. I heard they were all supposed to be separate shows, but the ringmaster stuck them all together and called it the Carnival de Muerte”. I groaned, “I hope it doesn’t take to long,” my mother shook her head, “no this is just an off show performance. You should see the ringmasters other hits, they are said to be even worse. We approached the ticket counter, “yeah we want four tickets please”. The ticket holder didn’t respond either staying true to his character or unable to, he presented us with four tickets. My father took them from the jester dressed in red and black. He had bells hanging from every point of his jester’s hat. His mask was of a skull face and when he handed the tickets to my father I noticed his gloves were stitched to resemble a skeletal hand.

My father took the tickets and we all moved into the tent. A semi-large stadium seating rose around a large sand pit. Two large poles hung on the opposite side of the pit, my mother pointed up to them, “look Janet for the trapeze people”. My sister clapped her hands with enthusiasm as I gave a disgruntled “who hoo”. We made our way through the masses waving too many people as he walked through and finally found our seats. “It’s kinda small,” my mother said trying to hide her slight disappointment with the Carnival. My father even sounded disappointed, “I thought it would be a lot bigger”. Trying to find a comfortable spot I added, “Maybe he just didn’t have the money”. Nobody responded because the lights deemed and spotlight began to appear.

I heard a soft noise, a noise that was indescribable. It was something that I had only heard on dad’s nature channels. I watched as black spots

5
ROBBY RICHARDSON

flew through the open door. They scattered around the room people screamed and began to cower falling to the floor. “BATS,” screamed my mother dropping immediately to the floor covering her head. I felt something collide with the back of my head and then twitter off. I rubbed it as I began to swipe furiously around my head. My hands slapping the swooping bats and then I head the twittering bats fly towards the center of the ring. They gathered around a small stage which sat directly in the middle. The circling bats created a giant “bat ball” as the crowd began to stare up from their frightened huddles.

The bats collided into each other creating a loud bang! A large cloud of smoke billowed into the air like a volcano. The spotlight focused on the small stage as a man waved through the cloud of smoke. “That’s the ringmaster,” my mother said her face covered in sweat as she looked relieved to see the moment of terror has passed. “Welcome, welcome,” the man shouted to the crowd. He was dressed in a red vest and white pants. His black boots had a shine like they had been polished with oil but instead of a traditional whip something more sinister lay in the man’s hands. A butcher knife was clenched in his young hands. He had blue eyes similar to sisters. “I am Ringmaster Richardson,” my mother nudged me, “that’s the guy’s name Richardson”. I withdrew from my mother, “alright . . .

Jesus”! I stared at the man who looked as if he could still pass for a high school student. I began to laugh, “Are you serious this guy doesn’t look like he could scare a kitten”.

After a few corrective glances from my mother I grew silent and continued to watch the opening of the show. “Tonight I will take you through many tales of horror . . . remember,” he said holding up one finger. “This is just a taste before Muerte three . . . so gather round and hold your family’s close.” He raised the knife, “ladies and gentlemen let me welcome you all too . . .” the knife rose to his

6
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

throat. My mother gripped my arm tight but my eyes were wide with horror. “CARNIVAL DE MUERTE,” he shouted as the knife traced his throat from ear to ear. My family and the audience stared as he gripped his neck in his own personal horror. The blood ran over his hands and poured down on the brown sand. He gagged and choked as he seemed almost surprised by his own reaction. The blood came out his mouth and he fell to the ground . . . dead”. The lights went out, the show was about to begin, “please let this go quick”.

(To Be Continued)






































7












Act I


THE MUERTE BAG



-Lost Stories of Muerte-

[ER]

-Extended Reader-

By

Robby Richardson

















The Muerte Bag




(Intro)

By

Robby Richardson

CARNIVAL DE MUERTE















The sun was low in the sky when Jason made his way back to the hotel. He had taken a spring break to New Orleans with a couple of his closest friends. However his friends had gotten drunk too quick and were now back at the hotel passing out hopefully ready for tonight’s upcoming activities. Instead of sitting around and listening to television or the constant regurgitation of four of his closest friends spewing out their liquor into whatever would hold the vomit. Whether it was the clogged sink, the filthy toilet or the wide bath tub it seemed every inch in the bathroom was covered with some sort of vomit. The very room began to stink and when this occurred Jason retreated to the streets. New Orleans was a lively town with people always traveling along the side streets. The cobbled streets gave it the traditional New Orleans’s feel or supposedly it did according to him. This was his very first visit down south and southern hospitality was something he was unfamiliar with. The street was lined with all two story building and shops occupied every building. Marveling at all the buildings and wished he had time to stop in every shop he only chose the shops that appealed most to him. He stopped in a fish hatchery to see millions of shrimps that would eventually be harvested and used in the many fine cuisines

that New Orleans was constantly providing.



13
ROBBY RICHARDSON

Laughing as he exited the hatchery he stopped at the edge of the small stoop and stared at his surroundings. Tourists were walking down the streets, in and out of shops laughing and waving variety of liquor bottles. Deciding to take a path that seemed off the regular trail, he noticed that less people seemed to be traveling down this part of the road. Hoping that this path would take him back to the hotel he made sure to keep the large cigarette box shaped hotel in sight. This street didn’t seem like it was made for tourists and most of the shops seemed to be closing down or at least being renovated. As the sun disappeared behind the sky a soft creaking came from a swinging sign that had caught his attention. It seemed like the only open shop on this street. The sign above a peeling red door read, Oracle de Muerte. “Oracle de Muerte,” he repeated as he examined the tiny hole in the wall place. The building looked to be the size of a closet, however it did not seem like it was a normal shop for Voodoo. Maybe it was something like Hoodoo, he had only ever seen that in the movies what did he really know about it?

Feeling himself shrug, he decided to take the chance and have himself a real cultural experience. He opened the peeling red door and stepped inside to find a room that seemed to have been an actual closet at one time. The air smelled of incense and candles lined every shelf as they wrapped around the small room. In the back was a bookcase filled with different bottles and jars each containing different powders and strange liquids. Next to the shelves was a beaded back room and directly in front of him sat a small wooden circular table. The beaded curtains parted and their stood a dark skinned woman with a face like melted candle wax. It was flat and small as if her head had once been shrunken. She had a black turban wrapped around her head and necklace made of what looked like bones. A small skull hung from her neck and goose bumps appeared

14
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

on his skin when he saw that the skull was human. It had been shrunken to the size of a ping pong ball. Her eyes were wide as if she was surprised to see an actual customer walk through her door. Soon the awkwardness of the situation began to press upon him.
After several seconds, she gave a very firm and slightly frustrated, “Can I help you”? She asked it as if he was nothing but an inconvenience. He gave a faint little smile, “yeah I am looking for some Hoodoo merchandise for my girlfriend and well . . .” he froze when she gave a look that was warning. “Get out,” she whispered as Jason heard the hiss behind it, “I was just curious I am interested in this stuff, I am actually going to study world religions when I go to college”. Crossing her arms she moved closer to him, she wore a black dress with frails and lace and as she moved around the small table. She pointed her index finger around and in a mocking tone “so this a joke to you then”? “No, I am actually really interested in it and would like to know more. In fact, I am actually a Wiccan”. “This is not mere Wiccan, Muerte is so much more,” furrowing her brow, “Muerte, is that a form of Hoodoo”?

In her frustration she waved her hands and her black shawl fluttered in the air as if it had caught a violent breeze. “This is not mere Hoodoo, nor Voodoo, nor anything you have ever heard of silly boy, Muerte is a way of life,” she clenched her bosom as if trying to catch her breath. Opening his mouth to speak he was quickly silenced by her outstretched waving hands, “now run along you gawking tourist run back to your simple lives, run back to your false world for only a few realized that this is more then a thought or a belief . . . it’s a way of life.” Her hands caught him in the chest as he was being pushed out, “what Muerte”? “Get out,” she repeated as he began to plead, “Wait I am ready to learn and I have an open mind. Please show me what Muerte is”. She paused while he was mere

15
ROBBY RICHARDSON

inches from the door, “to first understand Muerte one must read Muerte by author Robby Richardson”. Outstretching her hands to continue his dismissal, “you mean the new master of horror”? This made her stop in her tracks her mouth twitched as Jason added, “Well at least everybody says that he is going to be. If that washed up Stephen King would just retire”. Taking a step back she studied him, “what is your name”? Realizing that he had caught her attention he replied, “Jason,” “and you have read the book”? Nodding as her eyes widened in suspicion, “and you understood it”? Trying not to snort he simple gave a quick, “what was there to understand just some scary stories right”?

Snapping her fingers she pointed to the rickety chair, “I have based my remaining years to try and understand my Muerte and I know that if I had the time I could help you discover yours now but the ever pressures of Muerte demands my time”. “Well I want to learn help me understand it, I didn’t say that it was bad I liked the book”. She traveled around the table studying him as she played with her shawls. “Well let me first ask you this, what do you believe about Muerte”? Shaking his head, “it was just a simple book right”? “Only for the narrow minded, but you . . . your curiosity craves knowledge, craves the unknown.” She moved around to the other chair, “and for that I will fill you in on just a little”. Straightening her dress, “Muerte is so much more than just a book. It’s a way of life. It’s discovering who you are deep inside. It requires the death of you and the rebirth of your soul”. “Your soul,” widening her eyes, “yes only your soul shows who you truly are and with Muerte I embraced who I really am. I have traveled deep within my own self to find it and used the same methods that Robby Richardson used to discover his Muerte.”

Unable to hide his curiousness, “I’ll do it, I want to do it”. “HA,” she smiled, “Muerte has a price that nobody can pay, it is more than

16
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

a book, more than a carnival . . . it is so much more than that”. He smiled, “you mean that stupid Carnival de Muerte, the one were that kid was hung in front of all those people”. Almost stumbling out of his chair as the woman shot up, “I am the Oracle de Muerte and you are not ready to understand the full extent of Muerte and what it has to offer”! “No,” he shouted as she began to turn from him, “I am you said I had an open mind and I do, I’ll give you whatever I have”. Reaching into his pocket he pulled out forty dollars, “here it’s all I have left to spend . . . take it”. “The mere fact that you offer meaningless money shows me your lack of maturity,” “but the fact that I offered it means that I am willing to understand it and see if . . . Muerte . . . is right from me. I have an open mind now I am asking you to show me what is inside”. Her head lowered slightly as she seemed to hang on his words for what seemed like minutes. “You do make a very interesting point,” she leaned over and took the money off the table. She stared at Jason who could not hide the look of disgust on his face as he saw her take the money, “hey I can’t pay the bills with spells and powders”.

Taking the money, she folded it up carefully and placed it in a pocket of her black dress. Making her way over to the shelves she began to speak, “to understand Muerte you must become one with it, you may see things you like and you might see the darkest parts of your very soul but in the end you will know your Muerte and understand it,” she pulled out what looked to be a black satchel with a fine gray silk rope tied around the top. “This is the same bag that Robby Richardson used to embrace his Muerte, I got it from the Prophet of Muerte . . . they call it the Muerte Bag”. She turned around and made her way back to the table as the candles flickered in the room. Untying the bag she brought it over to him as Jason took it in his hand. The velvet material felt soft on his

17
ROBBY RICHARDSON

hands almost as light as air as he looked inside to see a strange silver powder inside. “What is inside,” she leaned in closer and whispered faintly, “Muerte”. She motioned for him to take a hit from the bag she waved her hand in her face telling him to breathe deep from the contents of the bag. Examining the bag one more time, he took a deep breath and let his curiousness seem to silence his inhibition. The silver powder flew into his face and as he took in a deep breath he let the powder sink deep into his nose and lungs. It blew in his face like a miniature sandstorm.

The effects were almost instantaneous as god seemed to outstretch her hand and cover the very sun. His body went numb as the chair seemed to slip beneath him. The fall to the wooden floor lasted an eternity. He watched her stand up from the table as her features began to grow as faint as a shadow. He felt his body jerk and twitch as if he was in a seizure. The world went dark as his vision faded to nothing he stared into the darkness as he felt his body twitch every now and then but the annoying shaking of his leg was the only constant movement of his body. His body twitched every several seconds like an electric charge trying to keep his heart from running out of juice. The darkness surrounded him as he prepared for this so called Muerte.

(To Be Continued)














18
















Monsters Under the Bed




2.5

Flight from the Hospital

By

Robby Richardson








Chapter 1

Bury Me Alive


Jessica was running in a forest, running though the thick array of trees. It was dark and a slight frost was in the air. What was she doing out here? Who was chasing her out here? No, there was something out here that she wanted, something that she needed. She heard a voice. It was faint and as soft as a whisper like wind moving through the trees. “Jessica,” the voice seemed to echo through the entire forest. She could hear something just ahead of her. It seemed to be calling her, beckoning her on. “Jessica”. She continued to run deeper into the forest, no matter how fast she ran. She couldn’t catch up to it. Jessica kept running until finally she crashed into something. She fell to the ground sending up a small shower of dead leaves. Standing before her was a man in the same outfit as hers, the

tired sky blue hospital uniform.

She just laid there on the ground staring at the man unable to see his face. Jessica stood up slowly, and then walked closer, “Do you know why I am here?” The mysterious person did not respond standing motionless in his place. He just continued to stare into the forest. Jessica inched closer and closer to the mystery person. She put her hand on their shoulder, “Hey I am talking to you”! She

21
ROBBY RICHARDSON

spun the person around to reveal her brother Chris, whose eyes were gone from his skull. Jessica let out a scream that rattled the very trees. He opened up his mouth to speak, but the absence of it would make talking near impossible. “No . . . no, Chris you can’t be here. I thought fixed everything. I know about the forest but I don’t know what it all means”! Chris sat their open mouthed, as his face began to droop his mouth growing wider, more oval shaped. “No, Chris I fixed everything you should be at rest. The curse can’t control you anymore.” He began to advance towards her, his mouth still wide open, eyeless sockets, and a rotting hand beginning to outstretch towards her.

Jessica fell again, but this time she fell into a giant hole. The hole was wide and long, and fit her body snuggly. It as almost like it was designed specifically for her like “A grave” she said to herself. Her eyes shot open as she began to claw at the sides of her grave, “Please no, let me out.” Coming up to the side of the grave, she began to claw more frantically “Chris please let me out of here.” He stared coldly down at her as he bent down and picked something up, it was “a shovel”? Chris began to shovel the cold dirt onto her. Chris began to fill up her grave, “no please Chris stop! I am still alive!” The dirt began to shower over Jessica and filled at an alarming rate. She clawed at the sides wildly and began to jump up and down. Trying to reach the side of the grave to pull herself out when a big patch of dirt hit her square in the face, she began to cough, and wipe it franticly. The dirt filled the grave as she continued to plead “no, no please Chris stop,” but he only started to go faster and faster. The dirt was filling her grave quicker, she grasped the edge of it, but Chris swiped at her with the shovel. She dropped into the grave, but when she looked up she saw the shovel colliding with the side of her face.

22
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Jessica fell to the ground, the cold earth felt relaxing, but the side of her face was throbbing with pain. Her vision became blurry as she watched her brother resume shoveling more dirt into the grave. She could not move, whether paralyzed by the shovel or fear she couldn’t decide. She whispered one more time, “please . . . Chris . . . I’m not dead . . . I’m still . . .”
“Alive!” Jessica woke up screaming at the top of her lungs. She couldn’t move her arms and legs due to her being strapped down to her bed. Beginning to shriek and shake violently on the bed like she was having a seizure, she felt hands all over her as if trying to restrain her. She heard a man say, “What the hell is all that?” She felt a small prick in her right arm and soon her thrashing began to simmer and then even cease. She just laid there feeling the drugs pushing through her veins. A man leaned in to Jessica and asked, “Jessica how did all this dirt get here? How are you covered in dirt?” Jessica could only move her eyes as she saw a thin layer of dirt over the pearl white sheets. She began to drift off to sleep and seeing the security guards staring at the dirt that seemed to be scattering over the floor.

“Jessica that is not possible,” Jessica was once again lying on a couch, while a doctor examined her. The doctor was Dr. Keating, and he was worse than the last doctor that she had. She hated this doctor and it seemed like everything that she ever said was a lie. “I tell you Chris tried to bury me alive”! Dr. Keating began to write, “Jessica that is not possible, because you are here talking with me, your living and breathing before me.” “I KNOW THAT,” Dr. Keating was calm as he said, “listen Jessica you need to calm down.” Jessica sat up on the couch, “Look Chris won’t leave me alone.” Dr. Keating replied softly, “Jessica, Chris is dead. Your family is missing and you feel guilty about not being there when they left.

23
ROBBY RICHARDSON

These dreams or visions of them are just hallucinations.” This doctor started to sound like everybody else that she had ever known. The doctor continued to talk, but Jessica had gone quiet having already heard these arguments before. As he spoke his voice seemed to echo around the room. The words reverberated in her head as if it had turned into a giant cavern.
“Jessica, you can’t always go quiet when we find flaws in your story.” Jessica still didn’t talk or make any sort of movement. She figured that the meeting was over when she felt her body being hoisted into the air and the doctor was leaving the room. The guards walked her over to a chair and sat her down in it. They walked away looking upset she heard them say, “She is very pretty,” they other guard replied, “was pretty, poor girl.” Returning to her body Jessica put her hand through her hair knowing that her looks had been gone. What did they expect especially what she had been through?

Jessica noticed that everything in the room was growing quiet and dull. It’s like her hearing was going. However she heard a soft whispering like in her dream, “Jessica.” She could feel here heart beginning to race and water forming in her eyes. “No, not again,” she whimpered as she began to look around, she seemed glued to her chair. “Jessica,” it called as she leaned back in her seats. Staring around the room she noticed that all the patients had ceased their activities. They all stood like statues frozen in time, everybody literally frozen in their spot. Nobody moved in their absolute stillness, her fellow patients didn’t even blink. Something had caught her eye and it was moving within the patients, “Chris,” Jessica whispered. Chris was walking behind a couple of the patients as if he was stalking her. “Chris,” Jessica whispered again, “you can’t be here, I saved you, and I set your soul free. The whole family should be free, you, mom, dad, and Haylie”. He walked right behind a particular old looking

24
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

patient and then disappeared. Jessica expected him to walk around, but he never reappeared, “Chris . . . Chris are you still here”? She whispered in a terrified moan feeling water in her eyes, and her body beginning to shake. Chris finally came around the corner, but he was now crawling on the ground towards her.
She wanted to run, but she seemed to be cemented to the chair still, she tried to move her arms but she couldn’t. Chris continued to crawl towards her twitching on the ground nails digging into the cement like it was warm butter. He crawled up to her knees, “please Chris, your free, don’t you understand that?” Chris crawled up to her face his breath permeated living death “I will never be free unless you do what needs to be done. No matter if the house stands or not . . . and it still stands”. Chris had no teeth, tongue or eyes and his skin was marble white. “That’s impossible I burnt down the house, look at these scars” Chris howled in a horrid shriek. “You know what needs to be done,” Jessica began to shake her head. “I don’t . . . how do I set you free,” he began to move his head side to side, “who ever said I want to be free.”

Jessica said, “I should be dead though. I shouldn’t even be here. You shouldn’t even be here. We should all be together. I sacrificed myself to free you all.” Chris shrieked, “no one has ever escaped. I have been sent to bring you back.” “Bring me back where,” Chris leaned in and whispered in her ear, “Back to the house.” Jessica screamed, “NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO”!











25







Chapter 2

The Question of Escape


Jessica was shaking in the chair, thrashing and screaming. She could feel hands trying to grasp her and hold her down. She heard people yelling, “Calm down Jessica,” who was still shrieking, “I don’t want to go back”! Jessica kept screaming and shaking trying to fight off the many hands that were attempting to subdue her. Jessica could feel them holding her down and something like a needle being forced into her arm. She kept screaming and shrieking, “don’t put me to sleep!” She turned her head, and saw Chris smiling widely to reveal a set of razor sharp teeth. She knew that he would move in to get her as soon as she fell asleep. She knew that he would be bringing her back to the house, the moment her eyes closed. “Please Chris don’t bring me back,” she felt the tears beginning to form in her eyes but the drowsiness was soon overcoming that. Soon, she fell

asleep with all the security guards holding her limp body down.

Her eyes shot open and realized that she was back in her room.

How she had survived or how long she had slept remained a mystery. There were no windows just an empty room with silver walls. Upon closer inspection, this was not her hospital room just the frame of it. There was no bed, no sink, no toilet, no nothing. She walked over

26
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

to the door and began to run her fingers over the only giant window contained in the middle of the door. She eyed it suspiciously as it looked strangely familiar. She peered out of the glass seeing a strange ominous green glow out in the hallway. She could see that doors lined the hallway, and it looked as if shadows were moving in them. There were empty gurney beds that also lined the walls. She had seen this before, she had been here before. “No,” she whimpered her hands slamming against the glass window.

She had been here before in a dream, she turned around and screamed. Her body was lying on the floor of the room. She couldn’t believe her own eyes. Why was she laying on the floor? How could she be on the floor when she was standing at the door? She walked closer to her slumbering body and noticed hand marks on her neck. Jessica saw herself shoot up and started screaming and shaking grabbing at her own throat as if someone was choking her.

Just as quickly as it came, Jessica saw herself stop. A sense of calm came upon her face. She saw herself get up and she retreated towards the door. She was examining the room, and finally realized what Chris was talking about, this is how she escaped. She couldn’t exactly remember how she escaped, but was now not taking her eyes off of herself. Jessica now saw herself just sitting in the corner not moving. Jessica just sat down to watch herself sit in the corner crying into her hands.

Jessica sat there for hours, possible even days. She began to grow bored and began to wonder when she was going to do something. She stood up and ran to the door beginning to kick it. Jessica began to think, there was something different about her, she was not possessed looking. Jessica remembered how zombie and horrifying Brad was in her dream. Jessica noticed that she was acting how she normally did. Maybe the house wanted to preserve her the way she was, but why?

27
ROBBY RICHARDSON

She pounded on the window but nothing happened it wouldn’t budge nor show signs of breaking. Slamming against the door she heard her other self fall to the floor again. She checked her pockets to find nothing in them. Jessica saw her other self beginning to rise again, trying to ignore herself she took her foot and drove it at the window one last time. It collided with the window, and it began to crack. She continued to smash it repeatedly over and over the cracks growing longer over the window. Finally a little piece fell from the window and then Jessica’s final blow made the window shatter to pieces. Clearing the rest of the glass with her sleeve she wiggled her skinny frame through the window.

The lights in the hallway began to flash as if the curse knew she escaped. She saw a door open and two little girls at the end of the hall. “You can not escape,” said the little girls in unison. Ignoring them Jessica climbed up a flight of stairs at the end of the hallway and then barreled through a door. She was now in a room, where it looked like there were no exits at all. “Please,” Jessica whimpered as she began to push and feel around the wall to see if there was a door. Something in the darkness grabbed her wrist. Its hand was cold as ice as Jessica let out a tiny scream. Her eyes were wide with terror as a marble face appeared from the only open door on the floor. A woman with long black hair came out from behind the wall her rotting skin seemed to fall off her hand. She had a simple Chinese face that had been replaced with scars and a weathered look of a rotting corpse. Her voice was rotten as well but Jessica had remembered her face almost from another lifetime ago. “Sun,” she said softly as her nails began to dig into her skin. “I can help you out”. Her whole body shook as if her strength was leaving her every second they touched. The little girls advanced on her their distance becoming shorter. “You must take me with you,” without even thinking on the subject,

28
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

she just knew that she would do anything to make sure her family rested in peace. After all she had to finish what she had started, she wouldn’t fail them again. She nodded at her and emerging from behind the frame she took her arm and led her down the hallway without gazing back at the twins. She moved like smoke but was as solid as a rock.
Jessica could hear the twin’s footsteps as they approached them. She looked wildly all around but Sun pointed towards a spot in the ceiling. Her eyes fell on the ceiling it looked like there was something in it. She ran over to it and jumped up to it. She hit it as it bounced in its place, she had to dive out of the way when the top of the ceiling came crashing down to the floor. She could see another ceiling up there and jumped again. Her hands gripped the sides and she could see the door opening. A hand was stretching out from the door as it opened wider. She took a huge breath and turned back to Sun, who made sure that Jessica kept her promise. The moment Jessica turned to her Sun was already flying in the air and collided with Jessica’s face. It was weird having something stretching your mouth to the breaking point. As Sun’s whole being was shoved down her throat and found refugee within Jessica’s own soul. She wrapped around it like a blanket. Shaking her head and giving a final look to the twin’s whose hands outstretched for her. With a full stomach she gripped her sides and climbed up through a hole in the ceiling, out to freedom.












29







Chapter 3

Jessica’s Escape


Jessica opened her eyes and tried to sit up, but she felt her hands and legs strapped down. She felt wet and sticky. She must have been sweating profusely. She heard the door open and a man walk into the room. “Jeremy,” Jessica whispered, “please Jeremy don’t do this again. You’re a security guard . . . I even ratted on you,” Jeremy whispered back with his yellow teeth, “I know, I told you that no one would believe you.” His hands began to rub up her leg, “Please Jeremy don’t do this,” Jeremy smiled again “You should be used to this routine it happens at least three times a week.” His slicked back black hair could not hide the gray patches that illuminated in the

moonlight.

Jeremy took out the silver duct tape and then a wadded up a hospital sock. “I’ll scream this time. I’m not scared of you.” Jeremy raised his hand and smacked Jessica across the face making her howl in pain. It felt as if lighting had struck her, she could feel Jeremy grab her face and roughly put the sock in her mouth. She tried to spit it out, but the man had already slapped duct tape across her mouth. She was crying now and couldn’t believe this was going to happen again. The doctor promised that this wouldn’t happen again.

30
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

However it seemed now like the doctor hadn’t believed a word she said. He began to unbutton his pants as he climbed on top of her. Jessica began to twitch and wretch trying to get her hand out of the straps. She felt Jeremy beginning to kiss her neck as her hand began to loosen up. She wanted to smash his face in and felt her hand beginning to come out of her cuff.
And like a gift from god it slipped out, Jeremy moved his head around to kiss her on the lips. She took her thumb and jabbed it into Jeremy’s eye socket. He let out a scream that she knew would carry throughout the hospital. She then took her hand and jabbed him right in the throat. Jeremy fell off the bed and collapsed on the floor holding his eye and throat. He could not scream anymore, all that came out of him were choking sounds. She reached over and took out her other hand then she unshackled her feet.

She stepped down and grabbed the keys from Jeremy’s belt. She headed for the door, but looked back at Jeremy rolling on the ground. She walked back over to him and started to kick him. Over and over she kept kicking him, stomping every part of him. Her foot connected with his head and smashed it on the floor. Jeremy stopped moving and she seized her chance. She opened the door and began to slide down the hallway. It was very dark. The only light that appeared down the hall was the moonlight. She should have grabbed Jeremy’s flashlight, what was she thinking? She continued to creep down the hallway and came to the four way section. If she went straight, she would end up at the exercise room. If she went right she would end up at her doctor’s offices and then if she went left, she would go through the guard station. However the guard station, was where the exit was, and that is where she needed to go.

Jessica could see the well lit room where two security guards were. She got down on her hands and knees and began to crawl

31
ROBBY RICHARDSON

towards the room. Hoping that they didn’t see her she almost died when she heard a guard ask “Gary where is Jeremy”? Jessica placed her back on the wall, “I don’t know . . . l can go check. I’ll go check.” Jessica flattened herself against the wall she could hear the buzz of the door sliding open. She began to panic knowing he would see her for sure. Gary walked right by Jessica not even looking down at her, not wasting any time to relax she crawled to the door. She stuck her finger in it to stop the door for slamming. She climbed up onto her knees and peeked through the window. The other guard had his back to Jessica and was ruffling through papers. She stood up and crept into the room. She grabbed the baton that was lying on the table as quietly as possible. The guard didn’t stir even when she sent it crashing down on the top of his head.

The guard was sent forward hitting his head on the table then falling to the floor taking all his papers with him. She ran around and began to stick keys into the lock to open the door. “Got it,” she yelled as the door opened with a creak. She ran down the hallway and couldn’t see the outside. However when she burst through the front doors the fresh air made it clear that she had made it outside. It felt so nice, the cool breeze, the air was not stuffy. There was no lingering smell of old shoes and sweaty feet. A sense of freedom seemed to overwhelm her. However, where was she to go though? Jessica could feel her blood boil remembering the reason for her departure. She had to finish what she started. Jessica turned around and heard a siren going off and knew that it was time for her to leave, to start living a free life away from Dr. Keating.

“What do you mean she’s escaped?” Jessica’s doctor was standing out front of the hospital talking with the police. “I am sorry sir but she has escaped.” “You’re saying that Jessica Annabel Daniels has escaped,” the police officer was nodding his head. “How could she

32
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

escape . . . nobody has ever escaped.” The police officer responded, “She injured your security guard Jeremy and killed another guard with his own baton.” The police officer asked “do you have any idea where she might go?” The doctor sighed, “Yes I have an idea.”

Jessica was running through the forest she had no idea where she was going. Half of her just wanted to run, to run and never look back. Why was this happening to her? What had she ever done? What did Chris mean . . . I have to bring you back to the house? Still running, she was not paying attention to where she was going. She watched the sun beginning to set and nightfall come. The forest gave off a horrifying vibe, the moon providing her with the only source of light. She continued to walk through the darkness and through the night until the sun began to reappear again. When the sun breached the sky again, she came to a road. She could not help but smile a little. Destiny had shown her the way to go. Was it a coincidence that she ended up on the road that takes her to her house?

An odd feeling entered Jessica, she felt strange half of her just wanted to turn around, ignore it, and begin a new life. The other half wanted revenge for the life that was taken away from her. There are people living there, well at least she thought there still were. “Jessica,” said a small voice as she turned to the road. In the middle of it stood Chris mud covering his dead face and torn clothes. “Chris,” she whispered but he just stood there mouthing “back home . . . back home . . . back home.” She shook her head and finally snapped. She started to walk right up to Chris, “what the hell is going on Chris? I want answers and I want them NOW!”

Chris bent his head and rose his eyes up at her, “I can’t give you answers.” “You have taken everything from me! I want answers and I want them now!” Chris continued to eye her, “You will find the answers in time. Your journey has only begun.” She reached back

33
ROBBY RICHARDSON

her fist, and took a great big swing at her brother’s face. She flew through him like dust through the air. “You can’t hurt the dead”. “You said that I was dead,” Chris began to nod. “So why am I still here,” Chris smiled “You escaped the curse and it need you to be brought back to your family.” “You’re a demon,” shrieked Jessica and “I will stop you!” He looked at the road, “Ah here comes more people to be part of our family.” Jessica turned around and saw a green mini-van coming her way.

“What do you mean,” Jessica said softly, “They will be new members to the family.” Jessica began to shake, “You just want me to go back to the house to try and save them”? Chris shrugged, “Either way you will come back, it is your destiny to come back”. The green mini-van drove past them, Jessica recognized the Huntington’s as the drove by. However in the back seat was a little boy who couldn’t be older than fourteen. “No, you will not take them,” “Of course not you will help us when you return back to the house.” His hand rested on her shoulder. She watched the car drive away from her towards her old house. “This time I’ll make sure I watch it burn to the ground even if it kills me.” Chris smiled, “It can’t kill you your already dead.” Chris vanished into thin air leaving Jessica to stand there on the street, “I will finish this. I just need to add up all the pieces.” She began to shake her head saying “there was something about a forest . . . Come on Jessica”. But the memory would probably come back to her after all it was a very long walk to her house. Maybe things would piece together in time.

The End?







34
















Bloodline III




The Fight for the Crown

(Exclusive First Two Chapters)

By

Robby Richardson








Chapter 1

Exiled


There was a full moon in the sky and the countryside was quiet. Times were dark and being out at night was a punishment served with prison time or even death. Nobody dared to even look out their windows, after all these were dangerous times. A man appeared in the tall grass, he was draped in the traditional Dark Order robe. If he was caught, he would be put into jail, and if he was

put into jail, well he didn’t even want to think about it.

He crouched into the bushes slowly as he came upon a small rural town that looked like it had missed the last fifty years of technology. He could have sworn that last summer the roofs of these houses still had hay on them. He skulked around the alley to a white plastered house, whose bricks were showing. He crept across it and looked down the street. The D.O.P. or Dark Order Patrol was out tonight, refugees had been trying to leave the constraints of the Vampire Nation in greater numbers. The increased security on the border was deemed a necessary caution that needed to be addressed with an “iron fist”. He had his black robe on which should help as he walked down the sidewalk never leaving anything unexamined. The


37
ROBBY RICHARDSON

streets were deserted as small bits of trash fluttered over the cobble streets of Kinsfore, a small vampire town in the remote forests of Romania.
He saw the dark patrol car drive behind a house and didn’t reappear for a whole five minutes. At this point he assumed that it would be safe to go. He came out from the side of the house and began to sprint down the side street. He hopped over the fence and sprinted behind all the houses. He needed to get to where he needed as fast as he could. He hopped over another fence and landed in another yard. “Oh crap,” he landed right in front of a patrol man. The patrolman was alone but he wore a long black robe ancient vampire writing was written along the sides of the hood. His face was covered as he seemed to smile when he saw who had landed in front of him. His hand ran across a former Sintel sword that was painted black with the skull of the Dark Order on the handle. “Well, well, if it isn’t Rifkis. What are you doing out here?” Rifkis was still on his knees, he knew the voice but couldn’t place it “I . . . I just needed to see my family that is all”.

The patrolman looked at him oddly, “Really . . . well isn’t it common knowledge that your family was killed for being . . . traitors?” “No . . . they are alive and well as a matter of fact. I just need to . . .

you know see them.” The patrolman smiled still a mystery to Rifkis, “Being a traitor must run in your family’s blood, no sense of loyalty my old friend”? Rifkis hissed at the man, “Yeah, you would know about loyalty wouldn’t you. You loyalty has changed Chiko. The only traitor see is you”. Rifkis could see the fire in his old friend’s eyes as he finally realized who the man was. “How dare you,” Chiko lunged at Rifkis, who was still on his knees. Rifkis took out his only dagger which was hidden in his boot. He caught his friend by surprise driving it deep into his stomach.

38
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Rifkis put his hand over the man’s mouth and then pushed him down on the ground. He was even surprised that he had taken out a patrol member. Evidently his friend was another poorly trained, rushed guard that had barely and maybe not even finished training. Chiko had always wanted to be a Sintel. He had applied since their second set of education and was consistently turned down and it looked like for good reason. It was after all the Dark Order’s idea to get as many of their soldiers out in the field even if they were poorly trained. At least these guards would provide some sort of security for the still unstable Vampire Nation. Rifkis slide the knife out placing it back into his boot. His excitement for taking down a Dark Order officer even though he was a poorly trained boarder patrol officer, he was in trouble now. There was no way that he was going to be able to go back to the Dark Order’s capital recently renamed Ezbanium. Rifkis would now be a renegade, and there was only one person that could protect him. His quest was now even more important, which made his actions costly mistake. Trying to ignore the feelings, he slid the body behind a large bush and hopped over three more fences, before he came to a house that he recognized. All the houses in this town were designed and colored the same. Although Rifkis knew that this was an important place, a place where he could get the information that he needed.

Rifkis went up to the patio glass door and knocked on it three times. A little girl came to the door s dressed in pink overalls and long black hair that seemed woven from silk. She had pigtails which danced wildly when she said “Mommy, Mommy Rifkis is outside”! The door slid open allowing Rifkis to slink into the house. The little girl looked exactly like her mother, who came into the room in a blue jogging suit. She smiled looking normal and healthy. Although considering she was a vampire, she easily could have passed for a

39
ROBBY RICHARDSON

regular human. Although the blood that was in her glass seemed to give her away. Rifkis smiled, “Bella, it’s so great to see you again,” he exclaimed giving Bella a big hug.
“What brings you out here Rifkis, don’t you know what would happen if you were caught out of curfew . . . especially on the boarder?” “That doesn’t matter right now, I have more important business.” Bella nodded and sat down on a chair in the kitchen, “Well what it is must be important for you to be here at this hour”? Rifkis came over and sat down at the same table. “I need some information that I think only you can provide,” she looked curiously at Rifkis as he leaned in across the table, “I need to find the queen.” Bella started to choke and gathered herself together. Rifkis waited for her to regain her breath, “Listen I want to meet up with the queen. I want to help the resistance.” Bella looked side to side, “But Rifkis I have no idea where the queen is, she is in exile”.

Rifkis eyed her suspiciously, but she had a worried look, “I took care of a patrolman.” She shook her head, “The ears of the Dark Order know no boundaries.” “I need to see the queen. I believe that I can help with the resistance.” Bella put her finger to her lips and said “Shh!” “Rifkis you are going to get me killed,” Rifkis was starting to get upset. “Your parents were killed because of their involvement with the queen, why would I risk that? Subject me and my daughter to the same fate”.

Rifkis leaned into the table, “Because your family and you know as well as I know, that we were wrong about supporting the Dark Order and now we should help to make things better for everyone . . .

for your daughter. So don’t lie to me I know you know where the Queen is.” Bella leaned in closer to Rifkis, “The queen is in exile . . .

deep in the . . . Black Forest deep in the forbidden zone.” Rifkis got up from the seat trying to hide his smile, “Thank you” and walked

40
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

over to the sliding door. Rifkis saw Bella sitting in her chair not moving. She just sat there with a face of pure fear and regret. Her blank stare seemed to mask the phrase, “what did I just do”? “Rifkis, can you do me a favor,” he eyed her suspiciously as her hands began to move in her sweater jacket. “Can you please take Selena with you to the queen . . . protect her,” Rifkis spoke up, “what are you talking . . .” Bella yelled “just answer the question”! Tears began to run down her, “of course I will take care of Selena.” Her hand began to come out of her sweater, “We both know that I am already dead for telling you and the information I know. It’s only a matter of time before the came for me and take Selena away. Tell . . . tell Selena I love her.” Rifkis saw something sliver came out her sweater, “NO BELLA DON’T!” The silver object went to the back of her throat, BOOM!!!!!!!!!!!!

The night was dark as a large building stood surrounded by large flood lights. A large stretch limo pulled to the side of a street as a tall mane emerged from within. The man’s name was Ezbium and he was one of the four Blood Gods. His eyes were black like two small rocks of coal. As his fangs extracted they were sharp and fine as if they had once belonged to a cobra. He had grown his brown hair out long and his unshaven beard had been replaced with small black tattoos. Tattoos ran over his face, the many different symbols and language of the ancient Vampire language. Ezbium got out of his limo and headed into the King Reidling’s Maximum security prison. However Ezbium did want to change the name, but he decided that he would in time there was still so much to do. The doors to the prison slid open as two men in black hooded robes approached and bowed to him. One of the men hissed out, “My lord, it is an honor to have you here. What do we owe the honor of you being here?” Ezbium hissed, “I want to see Hecto and Markis.” The men

41
ROBBY RICHARDSON

continued to look down face hidden behind the cloak as he said, “of course, right this way my lord.” They began to walk in a hurried pace down a hallway, definite signs of improvements have come under recent construction of this place since he was last in here.

It took them a while to get to the cells of Markis and Hecto because of all the new security features. Ezbium decided to first go to the cell of Hecto former Sintel member. Hecto was sitting on his bed and looked the worse for wear. Hecto had not seen Ezbium in over three years and looked as if it were too soon, “What could you possibly want from me?” Ezbium hissed, “Don’t you bow to your king . . . to your God?” Hecto growled his fangs bared, “God maybe, but you are not the rightful ruler of our throne. You’re just an imposter.” Ezbium hissed just as loud back at him, “If I am not the rightful ruler, then why did the people of the Vampire Nation rise up against your queen? Why would the Sintel abandon their posts? Why did the Sintel run away when their queen needed them the most?” Hecto looked away from Ezbium for these were the exact questions that he had been asking himself over the years. It did not make any sense to him, their must be something behind the massive uprising.

Ezbium interrupted his thoughts, “I need to know where the queen is? Where would she go, you know the safest place? I need to crush this pathetic little resistance she has going on.” Hecto sighed, “I have been over this with your guards more then a million times, and I do not know where she is.” Ezbium snarled at him, “You are lying and I can see it in you.” Hecto did not answer, in truth he didn’t know where the queen was he had some theories, but he didn’t know where she was. Ezbium looked over at the guards, “I need answers, take him to the interrogation room.” The two Dark Order guards slid open the cell doors and both grabbed Hecto.

42
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Normally, Hecto would have fought his way out of the cell, but trying before over a dozen times, but never could escape from the prison. During these prison attempts he had found that he was more guarded then even he knew. They dragged Hecto to the interrogation room, Hecto which was the last place that he wanted to go. He had spent many painful hours in that room and was not going to stand here again and let them torture information out of him. Hecto grabbed both the Dark Order members’ arms, and all of a sudden did a giant back flip to free himself from their grips. He landed a little rusty but returned to the air with a quick jump and gave both guards two front kicks to the face. They fell to the ground, but when Hecto turned around Ezbium was already grabbing him by the throat. Ezbium lifted Hecto high into the air with the littlest amount of effort. “Why must you always fight with me every inch of the way?”

Hecto bared his yellow teeth at him, “I am going to get the information I need, all your information that you have told us thus far has been false, I want the truth this time and I want it now.” Hecto was pawing at Ezbium’s hand which was holding onto his neck with a vice like grip. Hecto took his hand and poked Ezbium in his black eye. Ezbium fell back with a yelp of pain as Hecto gave a round house kick to the new oncoming Dark Order members. There was another guard one coming. He threw a punch at him which Hecto blocked easily. He retaliated with a counter punch that sent the man flying onto the floor. Hecto was about to run, but Ezbium grabbed Hecto again by the neck. Hecto threw his grip off and gave a quick little sidekick. Ezbium grabbed his leg, and then swung Hecto around by his own leg. He was slammed against the wall and twirled as if he was made of nothing more than air.

He released Hecto who was sent flying into the wall and then crumbled down on the floor. Ezbium walked over and grabbed

43
ROBBY RICHARDSON

Hecto picking him up and slamming him against the wall. “Hecto, you know that there is no way out of here except in a body bag.” Hecto hissed at Ezbium, “You will tell me where the queen is so I can put down this silly . . . pointless little rebellion.” “I really don’t know Ezbium,” Ezbium carried him over to a chair in the middle of the room. He slammed Hecto down in the chair as Dark Order members tied him to the chair. “Hecto listen just tell me what I need to know,” Hecto laughed a little, “And then what you are just going to let me go.” Ezbium punched Hecto in the face, “TELL ME WHERE THE QUEEN IS!” Hecto did not respond but he could feel a bruise beginning to form. “I really don’t know,” Hecto tried to look convincing.

“Enough,” Ezbium looked down at him and then nodded at the two Dark Order members. They dragged a cart over and attached electrodes onto Hecto’s ears. Ezbium smiled, “Now I am going to ask you again, and if you don’t answer my questions . . . well you don’t really want to know.” Hecto knew that this was going to and only could end up bad, “Where is the queen?” “Ezbium, I don’t know,” Ezbium nodded and the Dark Order members began to turn a dial on the machine that sat on the cart. Hecto let out a scream of pain, it felt as if fire was entering his veins and stinging every corner of his body. Just as suddenly as it had started, it was gone leaving Hecto breathing really hard. Ezbium began to pace back and forth, “It’s hard for me to believe that the Imperial Major of the former Blood Council doesn’t know where the queen is?” Hecto was still breathing hard and choked out “Because nothing like this has ever been done before . . . every happened before”?

Ezbium slammed his fist on the wall, “How can other people know where the queen is and I don’t. How have I become so blind to know?” Hecto muttered, “Maybe you lost your powers?” Ezbium

44
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

turned and ran to his face, “I have the power to see into the near future, NOT the power to read minds.” Ezbium began to look into the eyes of Hecto as if trying to read his. Ezbium shoved his face and then growled loudly, Hecto began to rearrange his jaw.
Hecto could see a smile appearing on the face of Ezbium, “What are you smiling for, I don’t know anything . . . your plans to stop the rebellion are futile.” Hecto noticed the two men that were guarding had left Hecto in the room. “Your loyalty is commendable. It is something that I wish my people would have.” He glared at Ezbium with an odd expression on his face, “If you won’t tell me willingly because of this loyalty.” Hecto began to tug at the robes that were binding his hands, “I will just have you become loyal to me.” Hecto screamed, “I will never join you”! Ezbium began to wag his finger at Hecto, “You should never say never . . . ask Jericho about his loyalty.” A hooded man dressed in a black cloak entered the room and behind him the two guards carried a wooden coffin. Hecto eyed it suspiciously, “What . . . exactly what are you planning to do?” Ezbium approached Hecto, “You will now learn what it means to be loyal, especially to the Dark Order. The Vampire Nation is dead!” Hecto realized that what had happened to Jericho was going to happen to him, he began to shake his head, “No, please!” Jericho pulled back his hood and revealed a pale white face that resembled a corpse.













45







Chapter 2

The Black Forest


The forest was dark and the sky was a dark blue with a dark navy tint. The trees gave off an eerie feeling and the name the Black Forest was a suitable name for it. A gentle wind went through the trees, making all the pines rattle softly making the trees groan in the night. A woman with black hair and pale skin still youthful in her looks but the dead look that only being a vampire supplied was apparent on her. Her name was Nestra, former queen of the Vampire Nation. Nestra was sitting on a log poking a stick at a small fire that cackled in front of her. People were gathered all around her, although do to the circumstances only the most loyal of vampires met in this place. These vampires were the ones that suffered greatly from the rise of the Dark Order. These were the people that dared

to cross the border in order to find safety.

These were the people that were driven from their homes because of the Dark Order and their soldiers. It made Nestra angry at first she had been reluctant to accept the position. Over her reign she couldn’t imagine her life without it. Her kingdom had stretched through many countries and many towns across the world. She had grown fond of every mile contained in her nation. She had hundreds

46
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

of thousands of people in her kingdom, and now her kingdom was the size of a football field in the middle of the forbidden zone. The zone that the werewolves and vampires and been disputing about for hundreds of years.
Although her now pitiful “kingdom” was considered the only safe haven for vampires to escape to and live a life they considered “normal”. People still looked up to her and came to her for advice, for help, for safety. Now-a-days it seemed like everybody was coming to her, refugee’s kept pouring into her camp and she was running out of blood to feed them. Her small camp was turning into a growing urban center and the minimal blood supply that she could get from loyalist blood banks was quickly becoming insufficient. Soon their secret location would be revealed and when the Dark Order dared to enter these woods they would eventually be captured. Rocky was lying next to her in the dirt, but didn’t seem like he cared. Nestra could never rid this nauseas feeling that seemed to settle in her stomach. How was she going to get out of this mess? This refugee camp would turn into a death camp quickly because of the lack of blood. She continued to poke the fire with the stick as thoughts dwelled in her head. The problems that she was being faced with held her down like a bag of rocks. She was still getting reports about what history would call the great battle. A man walked over to her in a white robe, he had a long nose and looked like he had not known of braces in his childhood. His straw brown hair seemed to be glued to his head, “Your majesty, hello . . . may I please sit next to you I have the information that you have requested.”

Nestra waived her hand at a log that was sitting adjacent to her, “What’s your name?” She noticed that he was holding a stack of papers, “My name is Dronkin, and I am one of the only members left of the Blood Council.” He pulled out the drop of blood necklace

47
ROBBY RICHARDSON

with the two intersecting swords and showed it to Nestra. “Yes, I believed you when you first told me.” Dronkin looked ashamed now for his actions, but she tried to smile trying to show that his actions didn’t matter. He began to shuffle the papers, “Anyway yes, the information that you requested is all right here.” Nestra began to poke the fire again with a stick. The information that she had been waiting on for months was finally here. But now that it had arrived, she wasn’t sure if she wanted to know the information. “The Sintel is down eighty nine percent, all Imperials are reported missing . . .

Hecto is currently locked up in King Reidling’s Maximum Security prison. Official reports state sixty nine percent are dead or have been executed, nine percent joined the Dark Order and eleven percent is missing.”
Nestra barely heard him, she wanted to just cover her ears and eyes and forget this whole thing ever happened. “The Blood Council as whole is down . . . ninety percent. As of now no form of Royal Council exists which means we have no more government in the Nation nor our fellow cities around the world. Also . . . your personal Royal Cabinet and officials were in session during the siege on the castle”. A tear seemed to fill his eyes as he said, “nobody survived”. Nestra looked up from the fire shocked by this. Dronkin seemed unable to continue on. He paused and Nestra knew that he was debating whether he should continue on or not. She nodded at him as if this was to say that it was alright for him to proceed. He began to stutter a little as he said, “ninety . . . . ninety percent of your people are starving and in poverty weakened from a lack of blood supply. Blood banks are drying up. As of yesterday every blood bank is has officially been turned over to the Dark Order and Ezbium’s control. Your majesty I should point out that many our growing weaker each day that passes. Recent numbers from our underground resistance

48
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

show that ten percent of the population supports you and want you back on the throne. We believe that ninety nine percent of the vampire population would support you, if it weren’t . . .” Nestra turned fire in her eyes, “Well maybe they should not have all turned against me in the first place. They overthrew all the regional governors and put Dark Order members in their place! They marched right along with the Dark Order when they laid siege upon the royal castle”.

Dronkin seemed to shrink in his seat, “due to your majesties request we have discovered why the people rose up so quickly against you. It seems there was something in the blood, a temporary nerve toxin, we are still studying it and should have answers soon. We believe that this toxin is still in the blood and that is why Ezbium has been able to keep a firm grasp on the Nation. We believe that their fighters are weak, ill-trained, and they don’t stand a chance against us. We are all counting on you to take back your kingdom and everyone is willing to help. Our Sintel Knights are at least worth ten of theirs.” Nestra cut off Dronkin who grew upset by his comments, “Where is Hecto again?” Dronkin began to scramble through his papers rapidly and then stopped as he traced his finger along the paper as he read it again, “Hecto was captured and being held in King Reidling’s. He’s the only member left of the Imperial Blood Council and I am sorry to say your majesty, but we have reports that he is being tortured.” Nestra began to panic, “Well does he know where we are? Do we have to move? Are we all in danger?” “No, he doesn’t know where we are, but obviously he has heard of the resistance, I mean everyone has. Although we have a strong belief that Hecto hasn’t told them, also there is an usual amount of presence at the border.” Nestra began to calm down, that’s right he didn’t know the location refugee camp. He was in the maximum security prison and information about the resistance most likely didn’t travel freely.

49
ROBBY RICHARDSON

Nestra clenched her fist when she realized he had been captured during the great battle. Somewhere deep down her heart seemed to urn for his wisdom and genuine belief in her abilities.
Once again, Nestra began to poke the fire, “Your majesty, when we win back the nation, everything will have to be rebuilt. The Dark Order is tearing apart what your family has built for over the centuries.” Nestra began to nod, but she didn’t feel confident about it though. She did not want to hear anymore, but something was bothering her, “Before you go Dronkin, who is on our side? Do we have any allies?” “Well . . . first you are going to have to talk to America, and get them to stop a bill from being passed through their human congress.” Nestra huffed as Dronkin continued “The bill will give government funding to the Cleansers, which might spark other countries to follow suit. If they get funded there is no telling how big their organization will get. They will hunt down our people and eradicate them. Cleansers will cleanse their population and that money can only increase their numbers.”

“That is not what I am asking, is there anybody on our side,” growled Nestra. It made her mad that the United States had betrayed her and her people. “Well, we have a lot of our citizens on our side,” Nestra muttered softly in reply, “so in other words, nobody is on our side.” Nestra noticed that Dronkin looked just as upset as she did, “Your majesty why don’t you try to get the Himlogs on your side.” “The who,” Nestra had heard that name before, but did not remember when, Dronkin seemed to hesitate, “You could try the Himlogs, I mean it is worth a shot right?” Nestra began to shake her head, “No I don’t know who the Himlogs are you need to explain.” “The Himlogs . . .

they are that group of people that hide in the mountains, nobody knows how they got there but they are vampires,” he then turned and muttered softly, “In the truest form.” Nestra had no idea what

50
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Dronkin was talking about so just ignoring his comment she asked, “Can you tell me a little about Ezbium? Is he really a blood god? Dronkin began to rub his neck, “Well I don’t really know that much about them, but as far as we have seen I would guess that there is no doubt that he is one.” Dronkin paused but decided to continue on, “he was the god of the Mayan society and apparently has the power to see into the near future.” Nestra replied, “Gods don’t die so tell me is there a way to kill him.” Dronkin smiled, “Only you have the power to kill him, only the prophecy can kill him.” “How many other blood gods are there? Do we know where they are located?” Dronkin rubbed his neck again, “Well all I know is that, there was one god for Egypt, Mesopotamians, and the Aztecs. It is written that the blood god for the Aztecs should be feared above all, his name means Apocalypse, and if he is released our world will end.” Nestra now was on the edge of her seat, “What is his name”? Dronkin shrugged, Nestra frowned but said, “Listen do me a favor, I want to know everything there is to know about Ezbium, and how he relates to the Mayans.” Dronkin began to nod his head, “I will do what I can. Your majesty it looks like we have more refugees.” Dronkin pointed to a man in a dark black robe, who was holding the hand of a little girl.

The man walked over to where Nestra was sitting and asked “are you the queen?” Nestra nodded weary about the dark caught but returned to poking the fire again with the stick. “Oh I am so glad I found you your majesty! You have no idea, what I have been through? How difficult it is to find you.” Nestra motioned her hand towards another log that sat by the fire, and he sat down with the little girl next to him. “My name is Rifkis and this here is Bella,” Dronkin stood up, his papers fell to the ground. “I remember you,” Dronkin pulled out a pistol and aimed it right at his head. “You betrayed us,” Nestra stood up, “No Dronkin put away the gun. How can you bring out a

51
ROBBY RICHARDSON

gun in front of this beautiful girl”? Dronkin lowered the pistol but still kept it out as if a warning. Rifkis spoke up, “Yes he is right though, I was working for the Dark Order, but I have been helping out the rebellion for quite awhile now.” Dronkin growled, but Nestra looked worried, he could be a spy. Although Hecto could have sent him with some information from the prison, maybe that is why he was here? Rifkis grabbed the little girl’s hand again, “Look I can’t expect you to forgive me . . . because of my betrayal my family was killed. After that all I wanted to do was help to take down, Ezbium and the Dark Order.” Nestra still looked worried, “What exactly do you want from me? Why have you come to me?” Rifkis said softly, “could you please watch over Bella here? I can’t exactly help out the rebellion if I have to watch over her.” “You do realize that this is not the safest place. I can’t guarantee her safety. I can’t even guarantee my own safety.” Rifkis shrugged, “I figured the safest place would be with the queen. I hope to continue assisting your majesty in the rebellion.” After several seconds she motioned for Dronkin to take her. He rose off the log gave a quick bow and took her hand escorting her away from the fire.

Rifkis watched the queen poking at the fire, “Your majesty I have been sent here to bring you some news from other members of the rebellion.” I did not think that there were other groups other then this one?” Rifkis smiled, “No your majesty there are many, many other groups some are small and some are even bigger then yours, I mean if there was only your group wouldn’t you think you would have more people here?” Nestra asked, “Are their any Sintel, Blood Council, or Royal Council members in these groups?” Rifkis looked down at the ground, “Few, they are rare and hard to find, most of them died in the two battles, and then the survivors were hunted down and killed. No prisoners are ever taken”. Nestra shook her head, but asked, “What is it that you wanted to tell me?” “The rebels

52
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

have a ship, it is on the coast, and is going to take you to America to talk to the president and try to smooth everything over, because of the upcoming legislation bill.” Nestra waved her hand, “I know about the bill, please continue.” Rifkis said softly, “Ok, the resistance is waiting for orders from you . . . thousands of citizens are ready to take back what is ours and put you back on the throne.” Nestra leaned in and asked, “How far does the resistance extend,” Rifkis smiled, “Far enough to bring hope.”

Nestra leaned back on the log, “What about the werewolves what are they up too?” Rifkis smiled, “The Werewolf League is not fighting against us nor are they fighting with us.” Nestra muttered, “I asked what they are doing?” Rifkis replied, “They are looking for Bala by any means necessary they are killing congressmen, senators, any government officials for information on Bala’s whereabouts and they are warring with the Cleansers . . . heavily”.

Nestra was now curious, “What are the plans of the Dark Order . . . I mean what is Ezbium planning?” “The rebellion believes that the Dark Order is planning two things most likely, knock out all the governments around the world, and make an entire vampire world, embracing the old tradition and ways.” Rifkis paused, “go on.” He rubbed his hands together, “Or they plan to play them all and keep them happy to live in harmony with humans.” Nestra laughed, “The Dark Order would never be like that. Why would you even consider this an option?” Rifkis did not look like he could answer the question, “We believe that Ezbium knows that if he does fight against the humans, he will loose because the Vampire Nation is divided. People are starting to realize that there is something in the blood, but from the drought they are literally stuck”.

The fire lit up the night sky sending embers into the air, and Nestra looked over at the refugees. Her people should not have to live

53
ROBBY RICHARDSON

like this, living in tents made of blankets, or houses made of wood a sheet metal. Rifkis said softly, “Your majesty you have no idea how far or deep the rebellion goes, all we need is for you to make a move . . .

when you do that, you will see the Dark Order’s rule fall.” “We have the strength to take down the whole rule of the Dark Order.” Rifkis nodded, “We suspect more people will join when the rebellion actually begins.” Nestra looked confused, “Why don’t they just attack now,” Rifkis smiled “They are waiting for you to lead them.” Nestra began to shake her head, “Your people are starving, the Dark Order burns villages, slaughters families, and tortures people to death. They live in fear, and with you inspiring the fight, they will stand with you. The nerve toxin in the tainted blood is a mind controlling substance and putting into the blood banks and blood supplies was an easy way for the people to get hooked and with the added address of Ezbium . . .

well words provoke the masses”. Nestra was lost as this all seemed surreal. It has been months that she had been in hiding, and she has not heard any of this information. Rifkis continued, “The Dark Order knew that if they got to the blood, they could control society. I mean the plan is really ingenious. After all we need to drink blood, and . . .” Nestra turned and snapped loudly at him, “INGENIOUS, this man destroyed us, destroying are people, are way of life, and even if I did win the Nation back, the damages that he has done and is doing to humans will never be forgiven. We will be hunted down and killed.” Rifkis seemed to loose a fire that he had and knew that he had said something wrong. He asked very softly to her, “What are you going to do?” Nestra replied almost as softly as him, “If I am going to take back the throne, I might as well try to fix what is broken, and try to get some allies.” Rifkis smiled, “America,” Nestra saw the fire in his eyes return and could not help but smile back, “America.”

(To Be Continued)



54
















The Muerte Bag




(Interlude)

By

Robby Richardson

(Loosely Based on Actual Events)
ROBBY RICHARDSON

I wish I didn’t have to start off this story with such a cliché line but “when in Rome right”? It was a dark and stormy night as we exited my cousin’s ancient navy blue Buick. Lighting cracked the sky as we approached a small two story town house. My cousin began to knock furiously on the door as she held up her black wind breaker over her hair. The rain poured down as if every angel was crying. “Come on,” she yelled as she banged harder, “hey Jess who exactly are you taking me to”? “You said you needed to talk to somebody right . . . somebody who can help guide you”. Straightening my baseball hat I gave a soft, “yea but I don’t want to see a priest,” she turned to me her still young face could make any man’s heart skip a beat. “This is my priest. This is who I go to talk to when I feel lost,” she knocked again, “if you don’t mind would you tell me why you want to speak to a priest”. “I don’t want to speak to a priest. I want to speak to more of a guide then anything”. The rain began to fall harder, “a spiritual guide,” shrugging he replied “I guess”? As Jessica pounded on the door harder, “so is she a Wiccan priest then”? She nodded, “a priestess but she is the wisest person I have ever known and has made me the person I am today”.

The door opened slowly like something out of a horror movie, “Jess are you sure,” “relax Robby,” as she was already through the door. However I was more reluctant than she appeared as she walked in like it was a place she visited every day. A small corridor appeared in front of me as it looked like a place I had never seen before. It had candles over every surface there were was no furniture in the kitchen and as I entered I noticed a large living room with a staircase twirling vertically. The door frame to a full bathroom stood in the opposite corner. The townhouse seemed to lack any technology there was no television, no radio, not even a clock. “You brought the money right,” reaching into my black suede coat I took out the money, “not now

56
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

when she asks for it”. “Yeah well this is half my paycheck and I just want to make sure that you are still good for your word”. “I am your cousin,” she said looking slightly insulted, “I promised you a money back guarantee and I stand by that.” Nodding my appreciation I turned back to the door, “who opened the door”?
“I did,” a woman said as she moved around the banister of the kitchen, “where the hell did you come from”?! The woman had stringy blond hair that looked dirty and matted. Her face was aged but she smiled as she entered the room, a small mole above her lip. She reminded me a little of what Goldie Hawn looked like back in the day. She was wearing a black dress with pearls made from the darkest coals. She had black rhinestones over it and looked more like a gypsy attending a funeral. Her hair was tied back in a tight bun as she smiled when she saw my cousin, “my dear Jess back so soon are we”? The priestess walked up to her and they both embraced in a hug, “how is everything going did you follow my advice”? My cousin nodded, “yeah I am moving back to Arizona”. “Your moving back to Arizona,” my words seemed to reverberate off the walls as they both turned to me. Ignoring the awkwardness of the situation, “when the hell were you going to tell me”? Giving me a little smile, “I was going to tell you at dinner, you know afterwards”. Patting her shoulder the woman moved forward, “why don’t you wait upstairs and let me talk with your cousin”. She nodded and gave me a little smile, “I’ll be around your going to be a while so just come wake me when you’re ready”.

Directing her hand towards the stairs I watched my cousin disappear up them and until her heels disappeared around the corner the priestess turned to me. “Please sit down,” she motioned towards a small circular table in the middle of the living room. Pulling the wooden chair out, I sat down as she seemed to be examining me. Finally when I had settled somewhat she spoke, “so your cousin was

57
ROBBY RICHARDSON

vague on why she brought you to me, what is it that you are looking for exactly”? “First I’d like to ask you a question,” she looked puzzled but replaced it with a warm smile, “what faith are you”? “Faith,” she repeated almost stunned by the question, “yeah because I am not looking for a priestess,” “well don’t think of me as one . . . think of me more as a guide for people”. She smiled when she saw the look appear on my face, “I direct people were to go and am quite successful at it because my guidance usually ends up for the better in the end”.

“So what faith are you,” she shook her head, “why don’t we dispense with the whole faith and religion and get down to what really is bothering you, if you don’t like where I will take it, you and your cousin Jess can leave.” We stared at each other and finally I reached in and pulled out the money, “two hundred dollars,” she shook her head. “That is just the initial fee darling, you have bought my time which is most beneficial for you”. She reached down for the money but I quickly placed my hand on top of it, “you’ll get the money if I like where this is going . . . right”? I paused as she quickly gave a “yes . . . fine . . . . whatever you like”. She pulled out the opposite chair and took a seat as she examined the candles and then her attention returned to me. “So what exactly is it you are looking for,” she folded her hands, “well I am a writer and I feel lost”. She smiled, “maybe you are trying to find yourself,” I furrowed my brow in confusion. “It is only when we are lost that we are truly found,” rolling my eyes, “alright ignoring the cliché lines can I continue”? Giving a small nod, “I have written several books and trying to become the greatest horror writer, if that Stephen King would just recognize my talent.” She smiled, “well somebody has a high opinion of themselves”? I shook my head, “no it’s not that it’s just I consider myself more as an idea factory”.

58
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Holding up her hand she stopped me, “I am a little confused, I just don’t understand what you are asking”? I gulped as I whispered, “can you keep a secret”? “I have a strict confidentiality clause with all of my souls and I adhere to that clause”. Knowing that this was probably the only chance I would have or be willing to take to search for a guiding spirit I decided to reveal my intentions.

I took a deep breath, “I’m all out of ideas”. “Excuse me,” she said as her eyes seemed to flutter wildly. “I mean I have a ton of ideas, but they aren’t for the book I am working on and I don’t have the money to put out the other one’s I’m working on. There are just so many ideas in my head that I can’t connect them”. “So why don’t you just take that money you were going to put for the book your having trouble with and put it towards the other books you are currently working on”? I shook my head, “I have lost my way with all the problems I had with the books and with my publishers. With all the editing problems I had with my book people don’t take me as a serious writer. It’s all I think about it . . . dream about, it’s my destiny and who I am. Without writing there would be no me,” she held up her hand, “I understand that you have passion for your hobby but how do I fit into all of this”? “I have all these ideas in my head but I can’t seem to put them together, I need to find my path and find the connection. I need to find who I am as a writer and as an individual”. She smiled, “so you want an inward journey of self discovery”. I shrugged, “I don’t know but that sounds like something that might help me connect all these ideas together.” “Well I do have something but it is sort of a secret and very costly,” I couldn’t hide my suspicion I almost wanted to say sarcastically “of course it’s secret and costly”. Trying to hide my sarcasm, “and I suppose nobody has ever seen it before am I right”? She nodded and I finally couldn’t take it I stood up, “well I think that we are done here”.

59
ROBBY RICHARDSON

Looking surprised she stopped, “wait why are you leaving”? “I am not a fool and I will not be taken advantage of, I wanted to speak to somebody who could help an all my cousin did was take me to a crook”. I wagged my finger at her, “I am going upstairs and letting my cousin know about you”.
I saw her face grow stern, “I will not sit here and tolerate being called a fraud. I have powers that go beyond this realm and will not tolerate somebody calling me a liar!” I shrugged, “well I haven’t seen anything to validate this claim, and it sounds like you’re just a bunch of talk.” In such a waspish tone she snapped, “A bunch of talk am I”? We froze as I nodded, “yeah and the only one that has been boasting about you is my cousin, your not going to insult my intelligence by playing me as a fool”. “If I prove myself to you, will you take back what you said,” “for how much”? She shook her head, “no price,” staring at her in disbelief I waited for a catch that didn’t come. “Sure,” I said after several minutes, “and if I do this you will sit back down and trust me”? “Trust you, no . . . listen, yes,” I said and she smiled “that’s the best I am going to get aren’t I”? I nodded and she took that as final of the conversation. She licked her fingers as she reached in to her pocket to remove a pencil and handed it to me. “Do you want to verify that it is a real pencil,” I looked at it puzzled, “why does it matter”? Returning to the chair, she smiled, “I thought you would like to see something interesting . . . not to play you as a fool.” She returned to her chair as she placed the pencil in the middle of the table.

“And what do you want me to do,” shaking her head she replied, “nothing, just watch”. I shrugged “alright” as she just gave a little smile and pointed her index finger at the pencil. She hovered her finger over it as she closed her eyes. The seconds past as we sat around the table after several minutes boredom began to set in and soon my attention began to drift. My eyes were focused on the pencil, but my

60
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

mind had left my body. I had no idea where it had gone but it wasn’t in the small two story town house. As the boredom continued to mount, I waited for something to happen and when my leg began to shake in frustration I felt my patience draining. She was playing me for a fool and I wouldn’t fall for it. And then just when I was about to rise from my chair something happened that I thought I had imagined. The pencil began to shake every so slightly, I wanted to talk but when I felt my mouth had filled with cotton talking had become difficult.

The pencil rolled over in its spot and soon I felt my shock turn to doubt. Feeling an increasing urge to leave again I decided to humor her for a bit longer. When I saw the pen begin to turn my mouth fell open. I watched the pen begin to circle in a clockwise pattern. I held my breath as I watched it make a full circle and then another, then another. The pencil began to spin faster as I looked up and saw the woman’s face turn red and strain as if her mind was exploding. Finally the pencil slowed and the woman collapsed off the chair spilling onto the floor. Ignoring my own falling chair, I grabbed at the woman as she shook her head in complete exhaustion. Straightening herself up, she flattened her dress as she waved me away, “don’t worry dear happens all the time . . . did it subdue your doubt?” I took her hand but to my hope there was nothing there as she withdrew it slowly whispering, “Satisfied”? I turned back to the table and grabbed the pencil and hoped to see something to explain the paranormal activity. Finding nothing to help my case I turned up to her, “how did you . . .” I couldn’t finish my sentence as she smiled, “I always love seeing people’s reaction to that, if you like that you should see me fly”.

I shook my head almost unable to contain myself, “you can fly”? She nodded as if it was not quite that interesting, “so now that I am

61
ROBBY RICHARDSON

done can we move on after all I do have other souls to save”. I crossed my arms, “fly for me,” she shook her head, “I have proved myself enough to you, now how can I help you”? “If you fly for me, I will tell you everything and you will have a customer for life.” I watched her ponder it, “and just think you would be guiding an author too”.

Rolling her eyes “very well, but if you every question me again I will make sure that bad luck will follow you for all time”. “Sure,” I said trying to hide my growing laughter, “no if I don’t do it for very long it is only because I have been using my mind to impress teenagers”. I smirked, “so then it is all in the mind,” smacking my chest playfully in frustration, “of course it is you silly boy! How else would I be able to do what I do”? I shrugged, “faith,” she began to laugh hard as she clenched her bosom and then slapped me in my shoulder. “You’re alright there Robby,” she wagged her finger, “your cousin always told me you were full of laughs”. She wiped a tear from her eye as she made her way over to a small corridor which led to an unknown location. For me where it led didn’t matter, if she claimed that she could fly I would love to be the first to see it. She rubbed her hands together and began to breathe in and out. She reminded me of a basketball player preparing to enter the game. She raised her head back and her eyes closed once again. The candlelight danced off the walls as I watched intently waiting for her to supposedly fly. How would it be? Would she fly across the room cackling like the witch from Wizard of Oz?

I watched her place her palms on the wall and using her muscles she climbed up the wall as her feet dangled in the air. I was surprised that a woman her size was able to hold herself up like that, I knew that I wouldn’t be able to do a thing like that. Almost lost completely in my thoughts I could have missed her hands pulling away from the walls fast as she hovered there for a millisecond and

62
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

her palms slammed back to the wall. My mouth dropped open again as I watched her do it again. And with that she removed them one more time and fell to her feet. Her breathing was heavy as if she had run a marathon, and after several seconds she caught her breath. Straightening herself up again she walked back over to the table and I saw the exhaustion in her face.
“I’m sorry,” she said shaking her head, “I just couldn’t stay for very long . . . I feel drained.” Wiping the stray hairs, “did you see it, even for a second”? I saw almost a pleading in her face, I nodded, “I did”. “Now if I can catch my breath . . . I have proved myself right”? “Jeez you act like I put you through a torture procedure,” I watched her eye widen as she slammed her fist on the table. “You wouldn’t understand the complexity of how the mind makes these things happen, silencing out everything and utilizing the depths of your mind is a task that few can achieve.” Holding up my hands, “alright,” I leaned back in the chair as she relaxed as well wiping the sweat from her face. “You know this whole time we have never had proper introduction obviously I know you through Jess but you don’t know me”. I shrugged, “my cousin just calls you the priestess”. “Priestess,” she snickered, “well for wiccans I guess I am,” “so then you are Wiccan”. Shaking her head, “no I am actually part of something more, but tell me more about you after all that is why you were brought to me”.

Waiting several seconds I ran my hands through my hair, “well basically I have all these ideas and have put them all together but I just can’t connect them.” “After I get this connection, I don’t know if I can write anymore, I need inspiration, a guide . . . I feel like I am scraping the bottom of the bag.” Shaking her head, “no Robby you’re not scrapping the bottom of the bag. You are on the point of discovering yourself . . . I can show you the bottom of the bag.”

63
ROBBY RICHARDSON

Puzzled I watched her raise to the table and enter the kitchen. She moved through the cupboards, which were filled with the oddest of items. Different sized jars and containers filled with powders and liquids, feathers, dream catchers, different assortment of pills and gels, animal skulls, and finally she withdrew a black satchel with the finest grey thread tied around the top.
She smiled as she brought it over to the table, “this . . . is actually the bottom of the bag. This, I give to very few souls . . . souls that need to discover their true inner selves.” She slid the satchel over to me and returned to her seat saying “open it”. Her excitement made me suspicious, “what is it”? “A powder that will make you realize who you are and what you are capable of. It is everything you are and everything you could be . . . take it . . . breathe it in and let it take control. There you will discover what lies at the bottom of the bag as you say”. Untying the silk like rope I looked inside to see a silver powder inside, “so what is this called”? Leaning in closer, I heard the words reverberate several times around the room before I finally understood it. “Muerte,” “Muerte,” I repeated “doesn’t that mean death”? “Well yes to the unenlightened . . . Muerte . . .

Muerte is so much more than death,” her eyes returned to me, “well one has to experience Muerte to understand it”. “And this is what you think will help me,” she nodded “I guarantee it by the end you will be a different person, and it will solve all your problems . . . I guarantee it.” I took the powder closer, “and what happens,” she shrugged, “everybody’s experience is different just breath in and see”. I opened my mouth to retort but she held up your hands, “I know you have concerns but if you spend you life always weighing the concerns you can never discover where you really can go, take your chance, submit your life to Muerte, nothing ventured . . . nothing gained”.

64
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

I gulped as I tried to quell my screaming head, “don’t do it, don’t do it”! But I lowered my head towards the black satchel and took a deep breath of the contents. I felt the powder engulf my face as the particles filled my nose and went deep within my lungs. I immediately fell off my chair as I began to spasm on the ground. I felt my eyes growing darker as the candlelight began to grow dim. “Muerte has changed my life, let it change yours. This is nothing more then the Muerte Bag”. I felt the shaking stop as the world went back as I felt my body jerk every several seconds as if being repeatedly shocked by a mysterious electrical charge. As I felt my body submit I could feel my mind almost whirring up like a projector in a movie theater. My right leg began to twitch as if waiting for the show, waiting for the Muerte bag to take effect.

(To Be Continued)




























65

















Apocalypse




(The Complete First Mini-Series)

By

Robby Richardson








Episode #1

How We Got Here


The tunnel was dark as the hustled footsteps reverberated off the decaying walls. A figure was running through the tunnel at the speed of the wind. The tunnel was crowded and the abandoned cars were such an inconvenience for him as he slid over the roof of a particularly rusting looking old El Dorado. The groaning and snarling from a wide arrangement of an oncoming heard was the only other sound in the abandoned tunnel. The monsters raggedy breathing was advancing as the frozen cars provided the obstacles he needed to get away. Clenching his silver D5k he gripped the handle and fired several rounds as the bullets scattered over the undead. The undead moved around the car, over the car, and did not cease there endless pursuit of their prey. They outstretched their dead hands as the echoes of the bullets seemed to be drawing in more and more of the hungry creatures. Continuing to back into the darkness as panic seemed to fill him. Taking a huge gulp he took his chances in the dark of the tunnel and scrambled over more cars. The undead continuing to keep pace with him as one he had not seen came out from around a large S.U.V. It grabbed wildly at him as he turned and laid several bullets into the creature’s chest before turning it

up and empting more in the creature’s face.

69
ROBBY RICHARDSON

The creature fell to the ground finally at rest but he did not have any time for mourning. The second that he had turned his attention from the thirty other undead walkers they were already feet from him. Squeezing the trigger hard he emptied the rest of the magazine into every oncoming undead walker that came into his vision. He backed over the car as the undead froze taking every bullet that hit. Rolling over the car, he threw down the D5K with a loud, “damn it”‘! Reaching into his jeans he withdrew his last weapon, a silver pistol that he had received from his brother, a sort of just in case policy.

Sliding back the chamber he watched the undead move around the car and saw dark shadows moving down the tunnel ramp. A literal army of the dead was making its way down the tunnel. He had done it and made to much noise drawing in every scavenger in audible distance. The fight would be too much for him to endure, he would have to continue his purpose and make a run for it. He turned to see a woman in a ratty pink jogging outfit. Her lower jaw was missing as her dead hands were inches from him. He raised the pistol and eased her pain with a bullet right to the head. She fell to her knees and was finally put to rest at his feet. He jumped over her and ran around a bus. Leaping over a small Beetle to discover the darkness growing thicker, a large pack of the undead was heading towards him. The walkers were closing in on him sandwiching him inside the dark tomb and he was the meat. “Shit,” he yelled as he saw them closing in on him. He scanned everywhere for something to rescue him but deciding to bang on the door of a bus. The door seemed welded shut and didn’t budge, “come on you got to help me”!

After the door continued to show its stubbornness, he retreated in defeated. The undead were moving closer towards him, “come on give me something”! His eyes scanned the walls and felt fireworks

70
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

erupt in the pit of his stomach. A gray door leading to anywhere was nearly twenty yards away from him and to his utter surprise it was ajar. Not caring where it led he took his chance. A loud snarl from a creature that had moved faster then all the rest was slinking around an upside down charger. With a loud pop, his bullet connected with the creature’s forehead and his undead eyes never blinked as he fell to ground. Taking his chance he ran as hard as he could and burst through the door slamming it shut. The lock on the door was broken but luckily the door did closed. As far as he knew the undead had not figured out how to actually open doors.

He swore loudly as he entered a room no bigger then a closet. A large rusting pipe took up a quarter of the room as a large rusted gate sat beneath him. To his right was a door and seizing the door handle he began to tug at it. The door was locked and with the large black keypad he knew that he would be unable to open it. He tugged at is several more time but finally accepting defeat he released the handle and placed his back on the cement walls. The undead were banging on the door, but luckily the door was so thick. Hopefully he would be given some time to his thoughts before the undead came through the door. He fell to the ground as tears filled his eyes. The banging grew louder as he stared down at his pistol which seemed almost useless. He knew this was going to be a suicide mission when he decided to take off and save the others. As the tears began to run down his cheeks he gripped the pistol and thought hard about his brother and how he could now fulfill their dreams and live a happy life in the west. He sobbed harder as he gripped his knees and ran the pistol through his dyed blue neon hair. The end was here, “please god just let me treasure these last moments”.

My mother told me that the future could be a wonderful thing. She used to say, “Who knows what tomorrow will bring”? Well if my

71
ROBBY RICHARDSON

mother was still alive today I am sure she would think differently. My mother was a wonderful women, she believed her opinion, believed in individualism and always distrusted the government. My father used to talk about the past all the time, he called them the “better days”. My parents followed the rules even though they complained and struggled everyday. They still tried to raise my brother and me right although my brother and I always found our parents to be odder than other families. We lived a simple life in the second district, which my mother and father claimed to occupy the former states of Pennsylvania, Maryland, and New Jersey. She tried to explain what states were but in truth they sounded like just another name for districts, the district they supposedly lived in before was Kansas. Education from the N.W.O was not something my parents wanted for my brother and me. I never had friends or a real social life all I had in this world were my parents and my older brother Abel. As I grew up, I realized that my parents hardly spoke outside of the apartment. It was amazing the type of people my parents became outside of the house. I knew it was odd when my family was one of the few families that didn’t own a car or a cell phone My parents always spoke about the dangers of owning something that was only given through the government, cars and cell phones being one of the many other countless items on the R.A.C. I. Nicknamed the list, it stood for the Regulated and Controlled Items list. My parents and the people that did come to my house always referred to these controlled items as Racies.

I bet you are wondering how it happened? I bet you are wondering how it came to this? Where the country would be divided in half, the Chinese in the west and the Federal Districts in the east fighting for the scrapes from a military dictatorship the world had never seen. Controlling the people in a way that would make even that famous

72
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

dictator Adolf Hitler grip his shirt collar in displeasure. The land of the free was no longer free, and was certainly not for the brave. The brave were the foolish ones, the brave were the ones that ended up missing by the government snatched by the Military Police in the dead of night. Believing a better life lie crossing the border many people flocked to the west across miles of open wilderness filled with millions of the walking dead. I can only tell you what I know from what my parents taught my brother and me. I can’t tell you much about how it began because I was born after. However in the end I will show you how the N.W.O falls. My father told me about September 11th or what it would later be called 9/11. This was the day that my father told me changed our history. The United States was under the banner of freedom. Saying that freedom wasn’t free, oh how right they were. It was the first time in history that America was united, they believed in punishing the enemies of the state. As the years would go controversy began to swarm around the attacks. Were these attacks coordinated by the government? Did we just want an excuse to attack Afghanistan and invade Iraq? My father told my brother and me about the numerous reasons whether it was oil in Iraq or opium in Afghanistan “being the most logical” he used to say. My mother used to say that out of the rubble of the towers hope did not emerge, but our future was sealed. This was the day that it all changed and the New World Order was born.

In the year of 2012 there was a great economic crash causing great calamity and instability in the country and around the world. Things went even worse when China came out and announced to the world that it would no longer accept American money as repayment for its debt. In 2016, my father explained that a certain document had become public. A document entitled Emergency Proposal 547-J642, which basically said that the government had shot down United 97

73
ROBBY RICHARDSON

to, as my father put it, “reduce the number of lives that could have been lost”. The government came out and denied these charges, but the country was split on the issue. When this policy came out more people began to dig deeper into the issue of 9/11. Even government officials began to get involved in these issues wanting to know the truth. A man only known as The Word started the first resistance group called The Truth. This was more than just a political group, it was a group motivated to find out the truth behind the government through any means necessary. Truth was the group that started it all, exposing the massive amount of corruption and the increasing debt we faced to keep the country afloat. They were the white unicorn in the vast forest exposing how the British and America were in a race to discover the secrets of Reanimating human tissue. Europe was already in possession of creating what they referred to as “the God Particle”. This group has hence forth gone into seclusion and is still considered the number one enemies of the state. They are nothing more then a rumor spoken, they only members to know of their existence are the leaders of the individual resistance groups who visit the Council of the Immortals or the oldest members of the “The Truth”.

“The Truth” had found out that the widely held belief of a missile crashing into the pentagon was true, and exposed a small press Conference were a man named Rumsfeld came out and claimed “that he could not account for billions of dollars the government took from the people in the name of taxes.” The government had forced people to lie about seeing a plane, and those who told the truth have since then mysteriously disappeared. The side of building hit contained all known files to that missing money. However “The Truth” spoke for those that were taken and fought to free their imprisoned brothers.

74
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

In 2018, the New World Order was hunting down every member and stormed their houses arresting them, although most of the time firefights did ensue. In a last daring effort “The Word” was seen only once when the few remaining Truth members broke into a small television station and revealed what was later called The Third Great Awakening.

My Fellow Patriots, I know the New World Order is watching this message and will be tracking on it so I will make this brief. I am simply ‘The Word’ and my group has been portrayed as a terrorist organization that must be eliminated for the good of the state. Let me be the first to ask you this, what good has the country done for you? And since when did we start to call America ‘the state’. Every time I sit down and watch the mass media it astonishes me to think how you can be deceived like this. The hidden policy under 9/11 was something they call a ‘false flag policy’. The billions of dollars that America has made off selling oil from Iraq and Opium from Afghanistan is something only the simplest minded person could discover. I implore you to think for yourself and conduct your research before further of our freedoms are taken away. I am not the enemy. I did not cause the Economic Collapse. I did not cause our country to be indebted to almost every country in the world. While Europe crumbles before our very eyes, we sit in isolation too poor to contain European society. My brothers and sisters talk to your family in the middle of the country. They will tell you the truth behind the riots in the Kansas and the testing facilities in Oklahoma. The FEMA camps for tornado victims is a lie, I have seen first hand the cause of this destruction. Man destroy, what man hath built and to save the world we must unite and save the . . . (STATIC).

75
ROBBY RICHARDSON

It used to make my mother cry to think of how much better things were. However my father always hated the government believing that all of them were corrupt and wanted to control everybody with a totalitarian state. He always said that it was plain to see, and the future was going down that path since the beginning. J.F.K’s assassination, the Vietnam War, World War II, everything was controlled by the government and everything was a result of the government. It was a realistic version of chess. If the government wanted to destroy and control the world it could. The basic freedoms that were written by our founding fathers were not in place anymore. These freedoms were sacrificed in the name of security.

By 2020, the government tried to censor all the information that was coming out to the public. The basic freedoms that my parents used to have were being taking away, freedom of speech was the very first to be, as the government would put it “altered for the better”. However altering was not what the government had in mind. The altering of the 1st amendment was huge blow to the word freedom, and the first victim was the Pledge of Allegiance. Apparently back in the day, the words “Under God” were extremely offensive to a certain portion of the population, and with the altering “Under God” was removed many more “alternations” were made. My father said that this was the handwriting on the wall. This is where the future my brother and I knew of started. When the world began to fall into chaos and revolts in Egypt, Libya, Syria, Yemen, Jordan, Algeria, Madagascar, Georgia, and Armenia began to consume the news. To stop the sinking economy, the United States began to play these countries like chess pieces and soon America become the puppet master to the new governments that were established in these “unstable” countries, Libya, Egypt, Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, Yemen, and Israel were all its puppeteers.

76
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

In the election of 2024, Obama ran again and was reelected, but it was widely believed by the remaining Truth members that he was put into office by a growing super power elite known as the Bliderberg Group. After several years it was later found out to be true, since he was not even born in the country. The American government began to collapse when 4 billion dollars of deficit was added per day. The national debt had reached 4.9 trillion dollar and it only continued to rise on a minutely basis. By 2025, the national debt had reached 5.2 Trillion dollars and Obama needed an additional 2 billion dollars for the government to even stay afloat. Taxes were raised over the years but its citizens had nothing left to give. People would work all day and come home with barely anything to survive. My mother said that the government would take half of your paycheck and no one knew where the money went. By the end of 2025, the depression caused by the “Great Economic Collapse” and China’s continued refusal of loans made the American dollar worth less than paper it was printed on.

“The Truth” exposed the massive debt that America owed China, who demanded their money repaid in the oil we were stealing from the Iraqi people and flexed their muscles by massing thousands of troops which patrolled Naval Carriers in Pacific International Waters to ensure payment was made. In 2026, under cloak and dagger, the Patriot Act was revised and approved once again. Now the government had the authority to listen in to your conversations, or know everything about you, and all of this was in the name of National Security of course. Traitors had all their assets seized and sold. The money went the building of the New World Order. When the American Government official collapsed the Federal Districts was born controlled by the New World order. The riots in the middle of America went uncontrolled for nearly a month but

77
ROBBY RICHARDSON

by then the N.W.O. could only save the Federal Districts into 13 separate zones. It’s funny how one minute the American money become worthless and suddenly district money was worth more than men. Thirteen colonies started off with a dream and created something revolutionary and with the rebirth from thirteen districts a nightmare was sure to follow.
In September of 2026, there was a protest outside of the White House now known as the Federal House. My father and mother were there after they fled Kansas from the riots. However military presence broke the protest up over a hundred people were shot by the newly introduced Security Troopers. This is the day that the people decided to fight back. Resistance groups began to sprout up, countless numbers of groups always claiming to be the biggest and baddest, and always trying to cause the most destruction. In the end, the Council of Immortals would decide who they would recognize as legitimate resistance groups. Any that they did not recognize were ordered for termination, this was the only time anyone every saw actual “Truth” members. My mother and father were one of the first to join our districts only “allowed” resistance group the Union Underground. I don’t know much about the politics or history of the resistance movement but they all respond and answer to the Council of Immortals, which enforces the Laws of Resistance and upholds the “New Constitution”.

My parents became active in the resistance printing leaflets, writing anti-governmental books, which at that time had become illegal and one of the items on the R.A.C.I. list. Basic necessitates had become confiscated which also meant banning. When the Federal Districts were created all political groups were disbanded after all a totalitarian state only needs one party. With the rumor of “the Truth” keeping other Resistance groups from forming desperate

78
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

people began to form roving gangs to seize streets and the military had to reform itself. These soldiers were not suited for American urban combat. Thus the branches of the security teams became simplified. Military Police controlled the general welfare and any reanimation outbreaks . . . fancy way of saying zombie outbreak huh? The Security Troopers were the ones invading Resistance strongholds and continually doing battle with them. When the fighting grew too intense the Doom Troopers were called in. They were known as a death squad, a last ditch effort by the Federalists to purge the “resistance scum”. Looking like phantoms their long black robes were made entirely out of Kevlar and their masks of new light alloyed resistant to all major ammunition calibers. Equipped with a heavy machine gun, which was equipped with sixty rounds per magazine and a blow torch attached to their left hand. The Doom Troopers slaughtered everyone in their paths including their own soldiers and burn the area to smolders. The Federal Districts called it “a control burn for new life to grow”. In the year 2030 the border wall was constructed, a large wall stretching the entire district similar to that Great Wall that China. My parents and their fellow fighters called this day “the day of Apocalypse”. Districts were sealed shut with no way in or out except over the twenty foot wall or through security checkpoints. My parents said that we were like fish in a bowl. On the day of Apocalypse the position of president were taken by a man who planned to stay in power. A man stepped into the government that we would call “Father”.

My parents told me about the day that he took office, he had Security Troopers march down the street and my parent’s remembered one line from his speech, “only through obedience can society grow”. Travel was suspended unless proper verification was acquired and more of our basic freedoms were gone and by the end of 2031, the

79
ROBBY RICHARDSON

N.W.O ran the Federal Districts with “father” at the wheel. Every district, every governmental organization came under the Federal Districts flag.
The Federal Districts was made up like this on the east was the Atlantic Ocean and on the west a couple hundred miles of wall simply entitled “the border”. The border was patrolled heavily by Border Troopers and the undead grew ever closer even sometimes making there way through the electrical fence and large mine field. There are occasional outbreaks but Military Police always cleaned up the mess. People not only could get infected from the walkers, dangers also lie with direct content with birds, raccoons, dogs or cats infected with the sickness.

The year is 2049 and the newspapers call my brother and me terrorists. We are enemies of the Federal Districts. I on the other hand call us patriots. The newspaper say and I quote, “wishes to bring anarchy to cause instability.” I laughed at this because all my family ever wanted was to live in a place where we could say and live the way we want to live . . . is that anarchy? No, I would consider it freedom. That is what our country was founded and built on, to escape tyranny, to escape the oppressive power of the Federal Districts and bring to life a country that had once existed only in the history books. I want to bring my children into a world where they can live without fear, is that anarchy? We should stand up for our beliefs, beliefs mean nothing without heart. And my heart now consumes my life, and now I only feel what the Urban Guerillas stood for. The newspapers call us terrorists we call ourselves liberators.

However the liberation we believe needed to be caused by a catastrophe forest fire. We want it all gone just so we can rebuild it into something better. How can we do that with so many fellow brothers-in-arms believing their way is the right way to run the

80
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

districts? Each group has its pros and cons and it even pains me to admit that our group has its flaws. The recognized group for our district, a group called the Union Underground was hunting down my family’s group the Urban Guerillas. As far as the undead were created by a virus and all we know was that it spread like a plague and soon the heart of the United States was consumed by them. Military police take “walker” incidents very seriously the killing of birds, squirrels, raccoons, dogs, and cats is considered public code. The virus apparently works like rabies and is easily transferable and scavenger creatures are the most susceptible. The brothers-in-arms recognize the benefits of this which is usually why we stay away from those particular aspects. We have bigger fish to fry. After all how can we build the country we are supposed to have when we are overrun with the undead?

(Three years later, 2049)


Abel sat on the ground under a ripped canvas, it was raining hard and he was soaked the front of his shirt was covered in blood. His brother Sean was sitting on the ground his face huddled into his arms. Abel heard him weeping, trying to be strong Abel took out a white envelope. He held it in his hands, as he twisted his head trying to remove his sopping brown wet hair from his eyes. His eyes narrowed on the part of the envelope with the bloody finger prints of their father. Abel felt a tear exit his eye, as he turned to look at Sean being the older brother he had to be strong. He had to carry Sean when he couldn’t bare the road that life threw at him. Abel turned his head quickly to the alley, “We have to get out of here Sean”. Sean just sat there continuing to cry as Abel tucked the envelope back into his pocket. Abel shook him hard, “Sean, you can’t cry now, we

81
ROBBY RICHARDSON

have to get out of here.” Sean was younger than Abel by a couple years, “Where are we going to go?” Abel took his arm, “dad told me a place where we could go.”
Abel pushed down his brother as he saw a Military Police cruiser beginning to crawl across the alleyway, shining a spotlight for movement. Abel heard the cruiser drive by, “we have to get out of here Sean, or they will kill us . . . rebels are killed either running or surrendering.” Sean’s face began to sink, I shouted louder as the rain began to fall harder, “they killed our parents, but we can’t sit here and cry about it.” Abel took his brother’s arm and ran down the alleyway, “what’s in the envelope Abel?” Abel put his back against the wall, and softly replied “I don’t know, and I can’t open it now.” Abel leaned around the corner, “there are police everywhere.” Two cops were traveling down the street, searching wherever there could be a hiding spot.

Abel could see a blinking red light that was shining through a wet bandanna tied around his left hand. “They are looking for us,” muttered Abel, “We are going to have to get across the street, and find a place to hide. One M.P. cruisers started traveling down one of the alleyway’s, “they are starting to check the alleys, we have got to go now”. Abel took Sean’s arm one more time as the other cruiser was traveling in the opposite direction in the distance Abel could hear sirens, “the area is getting sealed off ”.

It was now or never, “stay low,” Abel took Sean and ran to a car that was parked on the opposite side of the street. They moved around it trying to stay as low as possible. They looked down the street only one M.P. cruiser was patrolling now. Abel lead Sean across the street as fast as he could, he quickly sunk behind another car. Abel turned and saw the vehicle had now stopped. “I think he saw us,” the M.P. cruiser was now going in reverse. “Head for the

82
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

alley,” whispered Abel letting Sean begin to crawl towards the alley. Abel turned and followed when he reached the alleyway. Abel could hear the car getting closer. There was a faded green door on his right. Abel began to run as hard as he could his muscular body crashed through the door allowing Sean to shut the door behind him.

Abel was breathing hard because the spotlight from the car was now shining down the alley. It focused down on the door a couple of times, “what’s he doing,” whispered Abel. Sean put his finger to his lips as Abel began to pull out a pistol from his pants. “He is coming,” whispered Sean, whose terror could only be seen by the small emergency light shining in the room. Abel threw the pistol at Sean, “I’ll distract him, and you shoot him.” Sean took the gun, and Abel could see his face turn white. “These people killed our parents, you have to kill him.”

“MILITARY POLICE open the door,” Abel pointed towards a darker corner in the room. “POLICE,” shouted the officer again, “I can’t my leg is broken,” shouted Abel. The officer kicked open the door and pointed the pistol at Abel. “Roll over put your hands on your head!” Abel was pretending to hold his leg, “please I need to go to the hospital.” The officer had his pistol pointing at him, “you’re a criminal, a traitor, a rebel, and you don’t get anything!” Abel tried to conjure up some tears, “PUT YOUR HANDS ON YOUR HEAD!” The officer was coming closer, “I can’t you moron!”

The officer was coming closer into the room, “where’s your brother?” “He ran away,” the officer kept the pistol on him, “I don’t believe you”. Abel laid his head on the wall trying to sound more convincing. “I don’t care if you believe me you brainwashed pig.” The officer walked into the room lowering his pistol a little as he put his finger to his ear, “attention all units,” he said loudly. A hammer clicked back and Abel saw his brother Sean, pointing the pistol

83
ROBBY RICHARDSON

at the back of the officer’s head, “I wouldn’t do that.” The officer raised his hands, “listen, if you kill me you know what will happen to you?” “You killed my parents,” growled Sean. “Your parents were traitors and known members of the double U.U.” “They were good people,” muttered Sean the pistol still on the back of his head. “You’re not going to do anything, you know what would happen. The moment you kill me, my fellow officers will descend upon this place like locusts . . . just let me take you in, somebody has to fall for this. “Gripping the pistol tighter, “you’re just going to kill us in the end. After all you of all people know what happens with resistance fighters now you get your hands up”.

The officer held his hands up in the air, “the Urban Guerillas are dead, and your parents were traitors, traitors of the Federal Districts and deserve to . . .” Sean shoved the gun into the police officers head. “Be careful with what you say after all there are still Urban Guerillas and as long as my brother and I are alive the Urban Guerillas will always be around”. Abel came up to the officer and took the radio out of his ear. “You know what will happen if you kill me, you will not escape, and they will kill you on site. Clearly your parent’s intelligence died with them. Boom!!! Sean let off a round from the pistol as the officer fell forward. His forehead seemed to explode as the pieces flew all over the wall and the front of Abel’s shirt. There came a loud beeping from the man’s chip in his left hand, “there coming for him, now!” Sean took the pistol and hid it in his pants, as they ran out the door.

Sean stopped and eyed the officer’s car which sat at the end of the alleyway. There in the seat laid a shotgun, Sean wanted to grab it, he even stopped and eyed it almost hungrily. Abel grabbed his arm, “we have to run, NOW!” Sirens were now starting to get close as they took off at full speed down the alleyway. “For such an intellect

84
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

that was the stupidest thing you could have done Sean,” yelled Abel as they reached the end of the alleyway. He could see more Military Police starting to block off the road. They were not going to get through the neighborhood without being seen. Abel looked around and saw scaffolding ladders. “Come on,” yelled Abel as he began to climb the ladder. They both made it to the roof, “we have to find a way across.” Sean and Abel began looking around at the other buildings as the sirens were closing in. Military Police were now closing into the spot where their fellow officer was killed.

“Security troopers,” pointed Sean watching large black vans that were the size of large military tanks beginning to block off traffic. “We killed only one officer” exclaimed Sean, “but you killed a Military Police Officer and they wiped out our entire group including our mother and father . . . why wouldn’t they come”!? Abel saw a way across the roof and it was a jump down, although it was not that high. They both ran over to it and flew on top of the roof. They began to run jumping over different rooftops. When they jumped over the first four buildings, Sean came to a stop and was breathing heavily. “Where exactly are we going,” Abel was breathing hard as well. “We have to keep going.” Sean waived his hand, “they will be searching that area. We have a minute, I need a breath”. Abel stood up again, and took a deep breath of air, “I’ll tell you when we are out of this mess that you got us in.” “No,” whispered Sean, “You need to tell me in case we get separated . . . somebody has got to keep the fight going. Somebody has to keep the Urban Guerillas alive . . .

get revenge on the Urban Underground and finish the war with the Federal Districts”.
“Oh my god,” muttered Abel, and Sean stopped talking as well. It was a D.O.H or as the Federal Districts called them, District Observation Helicopter. It was coming into the area fast, “We can’t

85
ROBBY RICHARDSON

run,” choked out Sean who was watching the helicopter approaching them at incredible speed. However Sean had found the solution, he ran over to a vent and pulled off the cover, “Heating vent,” said Abel in a worried tone. “Trust me . . .” yelled Sean “they will be searching for body heat”. He pushed his large brother Abel deep into the vent and followed suit. He picked up the vent and put it over the hole. They now had to play “the waiting game”.

(To Be Continued)







































86







Episode #2

The Uncle Les Plan


Abel and Sean were stuck in the heating vent as the D.O.H. came right over them. The black giant hovered over them as the mighty propellers cut through the air like soft butter. Sean was

holding onto the vent making sure he did not slip down the hole were the steam was billowing out of. The helicopter whirled above them as its light scanned over the roof top. “Does it see us,” Abel said his fingers sleeping over the heated metal. Sean tried looking out of the slits in the vent cover, “I don’t think so. I think it’s scanning the alleys.”
It started growing hotter as Abel started to feel sweat forming on his forehead. “We got to get out of her our bandanas are going to dry out. Our chips will be exposed and then we will be done for”. Sean whispered, “No, they won’t be able to see us because of the heat in the vent,” but Abel cut him off. “They will be able to locate us if our bandana’s dry out. The chip only scrambles when the bandanna is wet moron”! The helicopter started to drift out of view from the vents. “Relax Abel, we are going to be fine, all that testosterone sometimes goes to your head”. The helicopter whirred above the rooftop, but slowly began to grow distant. “Sean the metal

87
ROBBY RICHARDSON

is burning my fingers and I’m staring to slip down the hole,” “will you shut up Abel”!
“So, what is the plan,” asked Sean, who was now staring at the drying bandanna on his hand. “Before dad died he told me of a safe car that we have to get too.” Abel heard Sean say softly, “safe car?” Abel began to push out the vent, and took just a small peak out. “The helicopter is on the other side of the street, we can go.” Abel pushed out the vent and crawled out, “we got to hurry!” Sean helped Abel out of the vent who waved him away “just find a way down idiot.” Sean nodded and began to look around the building. Abel returned the vent to it place as Sean began to crouch low, and began to waive his hand at Abel. Abel ran over to his brother, who was pointing at another scaffolding ladder. Abel looked over his shoulder and the black helicopter still had its tail end facing him. D.O.H. painted in yellow across the entire left side. Abel hoped over the edge onto the scaffold and began to run down the ladder. They were making so much noise but they didn’t care. They had the edge on the Military Police and they needed to exploit it. They were half way down, when they stopped at a window.

There stood an old lady with a horrendous green hat on with very big pink and purple flowers on it. “What is all the commotion out there?” Abel didn’t know if he should run past or not, “what are you boys doing out after one o’clock . . . passed curfew”. She eyed Abel and Sean suspiciously, “do you all have permits?” Sean just nodded seemingly unable to speak. Abel was about to open his mouth when the old women pointed at both of them. “You’re the ones that the commotion is all about?” The old women turned to head for what looked like a phone. “Please, don’t call we didn’t do anything wrong,” the old women looked back at Sean. “It don’t matter, it’s my civic duty. If the M.P.’s find out my husband I will

88
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

suffer the consequences”. She reached for her cell phone as Abel began to reach around Sean’s back withdrawing the pistol.
He pointed the pistol at her, “don’t do that,” she turned and raised her hands. “Please they will take everything from us or we could go to prison. They could even kill me if I don’t,” Sean noticed his brothers finger clenching the trigger, he turned to the women knowing time was running out, “they won’t . . . you could lie.” The old lady shook her head, and he saw Abel knew that she was loyal to the government. His thoughts fell on his father, and what their parents were fighting for. The government controlled the people through fear. Their number of Security Troopers went into the thousands. “We are part of the resistance,” she shook her head, “I am sorry but I have to.” The helicopter began to sound closer, “we have to go,” shrieked Sean.

Abel’s hand began to tremble, what was he supposed to do? This old woman was going to call the Military Police and then they would never get away. For his brother, for the resistance, for his parents, for the future, Abel pulled the trigger twice. Sean’s scream seemed to be muffled, and quiet as if his hearing had become distorted. Abel was already pushing Sean before she hit the floor. Abel ran down the last flight of scaffolding stairs. They practically jumped the last flight as the helicopter could be heard getting closer. They took down an alley and began to run as fast as they could. Abel and Sean ducked through alleyways running through a literal urban jungle. The buildings were like giant oak trees, and they were nothing but squirrels. Farther and farther they ran as the helicopter started to become distant. Abel’s lungs were going to explode in his chest. Sean stopped in front of him and almost fell down for exhaustion.

“You killed her! I can’t believe you killed her. She was a good and descent person.” “It had to be done, now don’t bring it up

89
ROBBY RICHARDSON

again”. Shaking his head, “Abel . . . where . . . where exactly are we running . . . running too? We can’t go home”. Abel leaned against the wall taking large gasps of cool air still trying to grasp with his actions. The night felt cool and with the faded police sirens, and helicopter sounding like a distant thunderstorm, it was kind of relaxing. “Abel, where are we,” “A parking garage, the car is there.” Sean shook his head disbelieving, “That’s it . . . just a car? What after that?” “Dad, told me that it is the family safety car,” Sean’s confused face contorted in even more confusion. “Dad would never get a safety car nor would mom every allow one. You know how she felt about the government and making sure they weren’t to close to home,” “Look, I don’t have time to explain all this stuff, let’s get to the car.” Abel removed himself from the wall and began to run hearing Sean muttering behind him. They were running block after block after block. Finally a giant parking garage could be seen, they ran up the ramp and hit a small security booth. Sean tugged on Abel’s shirt, “what are we going to do now . . . it’s a public security officer. And we’re walking towards him!”

There stood a man in a dark blue uniform with a small silver badge over his right breast reading Public Security Officer 1st Class. He was a decrepitly old man with white hair as soft as a cotton, his R.I.F.D chip’s light waved like a small red lady in the palm of his hand. “Hold on, hold on,” said the man running out of the booth to stop them. “Who the hell are you? Do you both have permits for being out and here this late?” The man certainly did talk, he continued to rant on and on with an outpouring of questions. Abel was waiting for a break in the public security officers ramblings. Luckily his father told him how to handle the situation before he was shot, “We have appointment with Mr. Reeds.” The security guard stopped talking when he heard this remark, “what is this

90
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

concerning?” Abel knew that this was him asking for the code word, “his loyalty.” The security officer looked down the ramp, and softly replied, “Second floor is reserved for you guys.” The security officer just turned and walked back to his booth, Abel guessed that everything was in place.
“An appointed with Mr. Reeds, does it look like we would have an appointment with somebody like that at this hour? Would you mind tell me what was that all about,” asked Sean as they walked up the driveway ramp up to the first floor. Abel ignored his brother. He always became sort of whiny and panicky when he was in trouble. Rolling his eyes he just kept walking up the ramp. “Where are we going, what are we going to do?” Sean was now starting to get on Abel’s nerves as now panicking about being wanted and running from the police. Both their R.I.F.D. lights blinked rapidly through their drying bandannas. Abel was placing it all together, trying to develop a plan. After all during the raid, Sean was grabbed by his mother and Abel went with his father. “Abel we need a plan,” shrieked Sean grabbing his brother’s massive arm. Abel ripped his arm out of Sean’s grasp, “I have got a plan alright, will you just relax or I am going to make you even shorter than you already are.”

Abel and Sean walked up the ramp to the second floor in silence but Sean still muttered to himself. Cars lined the floor as every spot was occupied and now Abel knew by fellow resistance members. “Oh my god,” croaked out Sean, as it echoed off of the walls. “Are these,” Abel put his finger to his lips, his eyes looked at Sean saying, “don’t be stupid! My brother . . . the only full scholarship in the family and you go say a dumb thing like that”! Sean took a step back and straightened up his dirty outfit, “yeah well when you get a perfect A.C.T. and S.A.T. score then you can talk down to me you steroid junkie”. Abel’s frustration melted slightly, “I’m not that

91
ROBBY RICHARDSON

massive”. Abel gave a playful rub of Sean’s head as they began to walk down the aisle looking at each car and they were beauties. Each one a symbol of the old technology and way of life, “these dinosaurs should be in a museum. What the hell are they doing all up here? “Aren’t these cars illegal” asked Sean being cut off once again by that look that Abel had given him. Sean rolled his eyes, “I thought that the Federal Districts banned them in due to the lack of the tracking chip”? “Unless they are modded with documented paperwork and believe me you will need it with the amount of times you will be pulled over in it. “Then why are we . . .” Sean was cut off, “we have the paperwork but there is no chip in it . . . it’s a dud. We just can’t get pulled over due to the current situation”. “And you want to get out of town in an illegal car,” Abel shrugged “we don’t have any choice now do we”? Abel was stopping at each car studying it, eyeing it as if he was buying his first car.

He finally stopped at a car that Sean began to eye as hard as Abel was. It was the only government issued cars, small like a Camry it was deemed “the people’s car”. “Yes this is it,” he whispered softly. He walked around the car and got down on the floor. Sean was about to ask, but decided that he shouldn’t press the issue. Abel was feeling under the car and finally Sean heard a little jingle. Abel pulled out the keys and opened up the small car. Abel popped open the trunk and in the trunk lay a bunch of survival supplies.

Sean immediately began to go through the objects that were contained in the trunk. Abel returned and began looking through the trunk as well. Abel handed Sean a pair of jeans, and a sweater. Sean took them, and didn’t see the point but Abel nodded. Sean began to change in the parking lot as Abel followed suit. When they finally got dressed, Abel handed Sean a bottle of water. Abel began to pour water on the bandanna tied around his left hand, and Sean

92
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

repeated the action. They both got into the car. Abel started it and pulled out of the spot driving down a level to the security guard sitting in his booth reading a magazine. When he didn’t even lift his head to see them pulling out the exit he knew that he could leave without any problems.
They pulled out onto the street as Abel pointed to the passenger seat that Sean was sitting on. Sean shrugged his shoulders at him, and Abel made a motion almost like a digging motion. Sean stuck his hand under the seat as Abel began to nod. What Sean pulled out made his mouth drop open. Abel shook his head as he grabbed the object from under the seat. He placed it on the dashboard, and began flipping up two antennas at the top of the object. He began to flip, poke, and prod at the many different buttons until finally Abel spoke, “finally, I almost forgot how to work this disruptor.” Sean’s eyes opened wider, “That IS a disruptor?” Abel was surprised by his curiosity, “I know that you are only nineteen, but you do know what a disruptor is?” “Yeah, but I have never seen one,” Abel chuckled a little as they headed down the city streets, “Dad used to talk about them and there a R.A.C.I. item” said Abel in a disbelieving tone. “I know, but he never told me what they actually did. All their friends talked about them in secret . . . would the police kill us for this? I’d hate to see those Doom Troopers just thinking about them makes my stomach sick”.

Abel turned left and hoped onto the highway, “after tonight you should realize that the government will kill you for anything.” Sean stopped playing with the disruptor, and his head fell to the ground. Abel saw that Sean was upset, “I am sorry Sean, don’t worry we will get them back.” Sean spoke up so suddenly that Abel knew that Sean was changing the subject, “I just can’t believe there dead. I don’t think we even knew mom and dad at all . . . so what are we going to do now, you said that you had a plan?”

93
ROBBY RICHARDSON

“Well, yeah I have a plan dad told me it before he . . . ,” Sean still had his head down, “you know . . . but we are going to see Uncle Les,” Sean’s head raised from his somber attitude. “Abel I am not sure if you realized this, but Uncle Les is dead.” Abel shook his head, “no, dad told me that he is actually still alive.” Sean began to shake his head confused, “no that can’t be . . . ok so, where has he been this whole time then?” Abel shrugged, “I don’t know with all the gunfire dad didn’t have enough time to explain everything to me.” Once again, Sean’s head drooped down, “He’s part of the Union Underground.” Sean’s head rose again, and he looked puzzled by this, “Mom and dad were part of that group and then they started up the Urban Guerillas right? Yeah and Uncle Les was killed after that by those Security Troopers”. “Yeah but you know he was working on that big project for the double U. Apparently our parents created the group and wanted to finish the project themselves. Uncle Les didn’t die and tell our parents to finish the project he started. It was all a lie, Les is still alive”. “And dad told you all of this before he . . .” he stared into the windshield as if remember something from long ago. He nodded as Sean continued “so that is why we are going to go see our Uncle Les?” Abel nodded, “we have to deliver this letter to him, and it is extremely important that it gets to him.” Sean’s sadness seemed to be swept away by his curiosity. “What letter?” Abel fished out the letter that he had pocketed what seemed like hours ago.

Sean sniffled a little as he gazed at his father’s bloody fingerprints. “Our parents gave their lives for this project and our father’s last words were to make sure this letter gets to our Uncle Les”. Silence filled the car as Sean asked inquisitively “so what’s in the letter?” Abel shrugged, “I don’t know, but I swore to dad that I would give my life if I had to too deliver this letter.” Sean leaned back in his seat, and now started to look tired. He reached for the glove compartment,

94
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

and opened it to reveal black plastic casings which appeared to snap on certain objects. “You know I feel like I don’t even know our parents at all”. Abel gave a quick chuckle as he continued to drive almost aimlessly.
“What’s this,” Abel gave a quick look, “let me see it”. Sean handed the object over to Abel who gave an uninterested, “oh . . . it’s a ghost.” “A what,” said a confused Sean. Laughing slightly Abel said “Jeez I forget how much you missed being only nineteen. Basically if you want to make a call to someone, but make sure that nobody can trace you . . . a ghost.” Sean stuck out his hand and Abel handed it back to him, “But isn’t this thing outdated and old . . . I mean it’s pretty useless because of these.” Sean held up his left hand which was still wrapped in a wet bandanna. “Well . . . yeah . . . I guess that is why those things are not used anymore, but it also makes conversations hard to listen into. Maybe that is why mom and dad kept it?” Sean took it back in his hands and examined the object more. His mind began to drift and soon he became bored with the “ghost” and put it back in the glove box. He leaned back in his seat and watched the street lamps fly past the car.

Abel pulled into a parking lot that was being overlooked by a giant apartment complex. “I can’t go up there Abel,” Sean looked up to the complex towers. “Why,” Abel asked sounding concerned, “I guess I just can’t accept the fact that our parents were in this deep.” Abel began to laugh hard and didn’t stop until tears filled his eyes, “oh Sean you’re so young and innocent. Why did I ever think I could go back to college with you? All the signs were there, hell they were shot while they were having a meeting with all there new friends. Hell mom even told you that you and I were the only members left of the Urban Guerillas”. Gathering himself together Abel pulled out the envelope that their father had given him before their world had been

95
ROBBY RICHARDSON

turned upside down. The realization of tonight’s events seemed to return to Abel, “Sean, we have nowhere to go, this is our only option.” “No, it’s not our only option,” screamed Sean, Abel’s eyes widened with surprise at the sudden reaction of his brother. “Let’s get out of here, just get out of the district.” Abel rolled his eyes, “We don’t have any money,” “So,” shot Sean. Abel put his hand on the lever ignoring what Sean was saying, “so you are just going to walk away, what I want doesn’t matter!” Abel was sick of hearing Sean complaining, “If this was such a problem, why did you let me drive this far without saying something?” Abel sat in the car still protesting, “it’s not like you gave me a choice or that we had a choice.” Abel slammed the door, “If you want to leave then leave, mom and dad died for this letter, their group, and their cause. I am making sure they didn’t die in vain.” “We should just leave the entire Federal Districts and cross the border. The Military Police won’t follow us past the border.”

“And you would have us live in the restricted area with the millions of undead walkers”? Shaking his head in disbelief at his brother, Abel couldn’t stand it anymore. He came around the other side of the car and literally pulled Sean out. Sean fought him, “let me go,” he yelled as Abel dragged him out of the car. “Listen to me, the country that our parents knew and told us about is gone replace by the New World Order’s Federal Districts. All we have every known is the Federal Districts and their brutal ways. The N.W.O. wants us dead, now are you going to fight or do you want to end up like mom and dad?” Abel didn’t expect it. He didn’t even think his brother would do it. Maybe that is why Abel didn’t block it? Sean’s fist collided with Abel’s face, and Abel felt something reach for the pistol that was tucked into his pants.

Sean had grabbed the pistol and pointed it at Abel, “What the hell is wrong with you” mouthed Abel rubbing his jaw. Releasing

96
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Sean was aiming a pistol at him Abel raised his hands in a “Whoa, Sean just calm down”. Sean was aiming the gun at his chest, “How dare you say that about mom and dad!” Abel didn’t know what to do his own brother was pointing a gun at him. “Sean, come on I am your brother,” Abel could see Sean’s hand beginning to tremble a little. “Let’s just go and cross the border and go to the Chinese in the west . . . please”! Abel now could see what the problem was, now the pieces of the puzzle were coming into place. “Sean you don’t need to be scared,” Sean’s eyes grew wild, “I am not scared. Fear is just a neurological response that . . .” “I am scared too”. Abel’s words seemed to calm Sean down, he lowered the gun slowly, “They are going to hunt us down and kill us. But crossing the border and traveling on foot across thousands of miles where the undead roam free is just nuts.” Abel raised his left hand the bandanna now started to look like it was drying up again. “The only thing we can do is pick up where they left off . . . to fight against the tyranny that the N.W.O. has constructed into the Federal Districts,” Abel reached for the gun. His eyes a little watery, Sean handed it to him, “so what are we going to Abel?” Abel pulled back the chamber of the pistol as if this answered Sean’s question. “We can’t fight them alone. You don’t merely go to war with the government.” Abel tucked the pistol back into his pants and continued “There is already a war. It has been going on for more than a decade, it’s time.” “Time,” spluttered Sean spitting it out of his mouth like it was a piece of hair caught in his mouth. “It’s time that we took up our rightful places in the resistance and made sure the Urban Guerillas joined the fight. We didn’t want to go to war but the war came to us”.

(To Be Continued)



97







Episode #3

Uncle Les and the Letter


Abel and Sean walked into the building as Abel straightened the pistol within his waistline. The door slid open for them and they walked up to a counter which held an older gentlemen, hair

nestled around his ears and a large snowy beard. His nose jutted out as he reminded them both of a silver fox. When he turned around Abel saw a tiny badge that read, Public Security Officer: 1st Class. He had on thick glasses and looked as if the only thing he was able to secure is a retirement center. “Who are you here to see?” Sean looked at Abel, but Abel calmly replied, “Les Gatewood.” The Security Officer pulled out a brown envelope, and began searching through the manifest.

Sean could see over the security officer’s left shoulder a television with a news broadcast. It had a message flashing on the bottom of the screen that read, breaking news bulletin. “Hey turn that up,” asked Sean pointing at it. “Huh,” said the old man looking up in a confused state, “The television,” repeated Sean. The old man turned and saw the television, “I know isn’t it awful?” “No,” cried out Sean rolling his eyes, luckily he didn’t have to repeat himself. The old man turned up the volume and a women’s voice entered the room.

98
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

(Patricia)


Hello and Good Evening Tom this is Patricia with District 3 news . . .

tragedy struck a residential apartment complex this evening when Security Troopers responding to an anonymous tip resulting in the raid of the residence of long time suspected resistance members Eve and Caine Gatewood. Their sons Abel age 29 and Sean 18 are wanted terrorist and assumed dangerous. They were last seen fleeing the scene and killing an unarmed woman in her own apartment building. The Gatewoods are believed to be long time members of the terrorist group calling themselves the Underground Uprising or more commonly know as the U.U or double U. I can official confirm that sixteen members of the U.U. were confirmed killed in the raid. However what leaves Security Troopers baffled is the absence of the color yellow which is a banned color district 6 for representing the Double U.

(Tom)


Now Patricia I heard that there was something odd about this group of terrorists can you explain that a little more?

(Patricia)


I sure can Tom apparently this group was performing outside of the Underground Uprising forming a splinter group. Instead of the color yellow being found, the color red seems to have come into play. Security Troopers have not issued their full name of this new group but they are referring to them as the Urban Guerillas by a simple painting depicted in the house of a chimpanzee holding an AK 47. However representatives of the N.W.O. are happy to note that with this raid

99
ROBBY RICHARDSON

we see the elimination of this group leaving Abel and Sean as the last remaining members of these terrorists. With the removal of this splinter group the Underground Uprising remains the only resistance group in district 3. However representatives from the N.W.O. ensure me with the creation of this splinter group it reveals a splintering in the Union Underground and their numbers are sure to be in the rapid decline.

(Tom)


Now Patricia is it possible that these brothers could have gone for the border . . . possible cross it? Maybe they will try and head over to the Republic of China on the west coast?

(Patricia)


Well I actually asked the representative about that and he stated that with the increasing number of walkers across more than eight five percent of America. Boarder Patrol helicopters are patrolling the borders in increasing numbers due to the walkers and even coyote activity as well. However they assure me they will consider all possibilities in the capture of these boys increasing the patrolling by Military Police and every class of Public Security Officers have been given photos of the boys. Although it is unlikely they cross the border without a coyote and its pack, residents are warned that Abel and Sean are still in the area. I am also here to remind the public that any suspicious activity must be reported to the Military Police. Now we are about to show you some pictures of the brothers, Security Troopers also reminded me

that there is a 500 dollar bounty on each brother.



100
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Sean could not take his eyes off of his and Abel’s pictures, which were now being shown on the television to thousands of people. “Yes, Mr. Gatewood, he is up on the fifth floor, room 513, you want me to phone him, and tell him you’re coming up?” “No, it’s a surprise,” the Public Security officer nodded and began to turn his chair towards the television. Sean spoke up, and tried to keep the officer from seeing there pictures on the television, “What room was he in again?” The old man spun back around and pulled back out the brown manifest, “Didn’t I tell you?” “No, you didn’t,” the Security Officer rubbed his head, “I could have sworn that I told you.” The security officer began to search his manifest again, and Abel saw Sean’s attention go right back to the television. The reporter was speaking once again,

(Patricia)


In other news Tom a Security checkpoint was bombed today by a Martyr of the Faithful. As you can see behind me they have left their calling card which has continued to spew white smoke for about an hour now. And with the summer months approaching we can ensure more suicide bombings by The Faithful as more Martyrs will make their Sacred Cleansing Pilgrimage from District one and across the five other districts. Remember only you the citizen can help us defeat the resistance in all forms and names. Whatever name you give it

resistance is treason and terrorism.


The security officer looked up from the manifest, “Room 513.” “Thank you,” replied Abel as Sean just nodded his gratitude. Abel pushed the button for the elevator as Sean bounced on the edge of his heals in nerves.

101
ROBBY RICHARDSON

They entered the elevator and the door closed behind him. “Abel, this is not a good idea, we have got to get out of here, they are going to show our picture again, and that old security officer will call.” Sean frowned at Abel who was now chuckling at his statement. “Don’t laugh at me this is serious.” Abel wiped a tear that was forming in his eye, “That guy is lucky he remembers his name in the morning, we will be fine.” “I don’t know,” replied Sean feeling paranoia setting over his body. “Look, can we just do this quickly, and get out of here.” Abel’s smiling face had vanished as anger replaced it. “Look, our parents and their secret group are dead, we have no money and wanted by the N.W.O, this is the only card we have to play.” Sean shook his head, “we can live across the border go to the Chinese side”. Abel slammed his fist against the wall of the elevator, “and what do you want to do walk there . . . oh that will be so easy too with millions of munchers on us the whole way. Where do you want us to go?” “Anywhere,” shrieked Sean who fell silent at Abel’s “ok let’s say we find a safe place in this magical world. And then what . . . the New World Order will hunt us down. We will never be able to have a life.” The elevator door opened, “They won’t order their troops to follow us over the border . . . ok maybe I should ask you, what kind of life you want?” Sean shrugged, he didn’t know what kind of life he wanted. He wished that everything could just go back to normal. “War has got to be our life now, war is our purpose” “war,” whispered Sean finding it difficult to speak. “You want to go to war with the entire Federal Districts.” Abel leaned in and whispered, “There is already a war going on, you just saw the news, you know all the groups, people are dying everyday. Our parents died for this cause, now we have to join the fight.” Sean leaned back onto the door frame keeping the doors open, “This is a fight we can’t win . . . in case you didn’t realize military is the number one job this country provides,


102
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

everyone is in the military that is why there are so many resistance groups.” Abel walked out of the elevator “there are only six groups well seven if you count The Truth but they are extinct,” he exclaimed as he dragged Sean out with him. “It’s not about winning or loosing anymore, it’s about what is right and making a stand, causing that spark that our parents talked about. This is a war for survival . . . for our survival.” Sean smirked, “you sound like you could be Father himself,” his head lowered and he fell silent.

Sean stayed silent as Abel walked past him down the hallway. Sean continued to follow silently until they finally ended up in front of apartment 513. Abel was about to knock on the door, but Sean grabbed his hand. Leaning close to Abel’s ear, “Can we trust this guy?” Abel tried to give a strong smile, “We have no choice bro.” Sean released Abel’s hand and Abel knocked three times. “Somebody’s here,” Abel heard a faint women’s voice coming from the room. “Somebody’s here,” repeated a man sounding panicky, there came a little “Shh!” Footsteps were now approaching the door a booming voice growled “Who’s there?” Abel seemed to be having trouble talking. Sean saw his hand grazing around to his back, where the pistol lay. “I am here to see my Uncle Les.”

The lock clicked open and a man peered through the crack in the door. He had gray hair that seemed tied in a ponytail, his nose looked like it had been broken a couple times as well. “What you want with Les,” Abel’s hand began to squeeze the pistol. If something was going to happen Abel wanted to go down shooting. “I have an envelope for him,” Abel’s other hand went into his pocket and pulled out the envelope. “Let me see it,” Abel held it in his hands and shook his head. “I’m not going to let you in unless I see it first.” Abel stuck the envelope through the crack, and the man snatched it like Abel had handed him money. The man tore open the letter

103
ROBBY RICHARDSON

and began to trace every word over the several legal pad sized sheets. “Hey that letter is only for our Uncle Les!” The man lowered the paper, “let them in Rachel”.
The door popped open to the tiny apartment as the man continued to read from the papers. There was not much furniture in the apartment because a huge table had taken up most of the living room. There were papers and files all over the table. This older man was not the only occupant of the room just as he returned to the letter another man came from around the corner. He had a pistol raised at them, “Who the hell are you people?” “Shut up and let me finish”!

“Les you don’t need to,” “oh my god Rachel will you give me a second”! A woman came from behind the door, she was about the size of Sean about 5'7 and she had an innocent look about her. Her brown hair looked soft as silk and seemed to blow gracefully with even the slightest gust of air. She had an innocence that could only be seen with college students. However her brown eyes glared at them and watched like a guard dog weary of even the slightest movement.

After several more minutes the man finished the letter the expression on his face had changed. His face was now saddened as the other mystery man asked “do you want me to search them”? The man who Sean now realized was his Uncle Les raised his wrinkled face and folded the letter. He held out his hand and shook his head slightly “I am sure after tonight one of you is armed . . . I would think you a fool if not.” Les paused “but relax you are with friends I can assure you safety here, well its N.W.O. free and lets just leave it at that I must ask that you hand it over”. Abel snorted, “Sorry pops that isn’t gunna happen after everything we have been through and seen tonight. For the last three years we thought you were dead. And

104
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

then the moment our father dies, he tells me to deliver this letter to you”. He gave a little smile his broken nose grew even more crooked “I was afraid of all that, but please do relax there is no need for any hostilities. I can’t speak about your parent’s actions and I am sure that you have guessed by the little slip up . . .” he turned to Rachel who shifted in her spot. “You can conclude that I am alive and well. Abel and Sean . . . I’m your Uncle Les”.

The woman named Rachel began to move towards the kitchen directly behind her, she didn’t take the news like Abel and Sean had. Mouths still open Les continued “since you will be keeping your weapon on us I am afraid we are going to have to reply in kind.” Rachel returned from the kitchen pointing an AR-15 machine gun at them both. She looked crazed almost mad, it was not her appearance that made Abel think of this, it was her eyes. The innocent look that she had upon their arrival was replaced with a look reserved for the truly psychotic. The way she glowered at them eyeing them up and down like nothing more than fish in a tank, “Rachel, please lower the weapon, they are friends . . . somewhat?” He smiled at the loathing look she gave him “I promise if you see him reach for the weapon you can fill him with holes but for right now well there is business to take care of . . . after all these are my nephews.” Rachel jabbed the gun forward as if it took all of her strength to lower it. Sean had apparently raised his hands in fright as Les returned to the sheets running through them one more time.

“You mind telling us what this is all about . . . UNCLE . . . Les?” Les looked up from the letter he stared at them with an almost inquisitive look on his unshaven face. Sean began to drop his hands slowly, hoping that nobody would freak out if he did. Abel’s hand finally released off of his pistol, “these are Eve and Caine’s boys.” Rachel’s eyes slackened and a smile replaced her face, “Oh my

105
ROBBY RICHARDSON

god . . . wow, I have not seen you guys since you were little. I was off in District five and I just recently got back”. Rachel walked over to them and gave them each a hug like they were long lost friends. They both took the hug willingly as the AR-15 clattered against them. Sean wished that Abel felt as uncomfortable about this as he did. Rachel began to grab Sean’s cheeks “my god you look exactly like your mother. I remember when you were still in diapers,” she wiped away his dirty blond hair and kissed him on the forehead. “I am so glad you guys are . . .” she froze when she saw the look on Sean’s face. “What,” she exclaimed as Sean shook his head in disbelief, “how old are you”? Rachel grabbed his cheeks and laughed wildly, “oh you don’t know how often I get that you truly don’t . . .” releasing his cheeks she elbowed Abel adding, “it also helps with our line of work if you know what I mean”? She turned to Abel and gave a smile, “I am glad to see that somebody still remembers me”. Abel shook his head, “I haven’t seen you sense you moved to District 5. What are you doing back”? Shaking her head, “we can talk about all that some other time. I’m glad to see your still around and weren’t conscripted in the military”. Abel smiled, “you know mom, minute she heard about that she forced me to go back with Sean to college”. After several minutes she smiled and gave a final, “you still have those puffy cheeks like you dad does”. She turned from them and back to Les with an added “so what are they doing here . . . what’s with the letter”?

Uncle Les flipped through the pages as he finally finished and tucked them into the pocket of his brown leather vest. “Rachel, they are free to go, thanks for stopping by it was great to . . .” “What the hell do you think you are doing”? Abel’s growl seemed to cut Les at the pass. “I am letting you go and have your freedom,” Sean turned to Abel as if to say “I told you so”. Abel was bewildered, “You

106
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

can’t kick us out after everything we have done to get here. I shot a woman tonight to deliver this message and you think I am just going to waltz out of here like nothing”? Les shrugged, “what will you have me do”? He raised his hand to silence Sean, “Let me just cut you off right there, I am not really your uncle.” “But dad said you were our uncle, you came to our birthday parties, graduations, baseball games. We went to your funeral!” Uncle Les continued to shake his head. “Your parents and I were the leaders of this little group. It provided a great cover and helped us organize the group. You see I am an uncle to every member of this group. Think of it as a code name.” “Look we just need help and frankly we don’t care about your illegal activities . . . frankly we would like to help. Get back at the N.W.O. for killing our parents.” Uncle Les once again shook his head at Abel, “Sean doesn’t seem as willing as you. And believe me I know your parents. They would not want you to have this life, you are not members nor will you be”. A large man emerging from the bedroom walked over and began patting him down to protested, “what the hell are you doing man”? The giant goon backed away as Les shouted, “Herc will you back off, I said the boys are fine”. The man’s large hand landed on Sean’s shoulder, he seemed to curl over slightly do to the guards strength. ‘I don’t trust them. You can’t be too careful these days especially during these times.” Les waved his hand, “Jesus Herc goes watch the news or something”! He had a head like a melon and the nose of cucumber.

Herc, which Abel took to be a shortened version of Hercules saw the man glare down at them, and whispered, “I’ll be watching you”. Les gave a faint little smile as Abel picked up the conversation, “so what’s in the letter”? Les crossed his arms, “I don’t like being told what to do and frankly it is none of your business this letter is for members of the resistance.”

107
ROBBY RICHARDSON

“And you don’t think we are . . . all the help that we provided,” Sean glared up at him and Abel quickly corrected “alright all the help I provided”. They both stared at each other, “I put in my share of work with mom and dad. I was there in when the walkers over ran our farm. I was there when our parents fled over miles of wilderness to get to the Federal Districts. We were there when Security Troopers raided our apartment and murdered everybody inside including our parents.” Seizing the small patch of silence Les gave an inquisitive, “With you guys in college and Abel you serving as a border patrol agent, how much did you guys really know about your parents?”

“I knew they fought but I thought they were just, I don’t know out collecting money or something? I didn’t expect them to be out there shooting up the place”. Les clapped his hands together, “well I guess that settles the matter huh”? Abel stepped forward, “I know about Project Anarchy”. Trying to hide his smile, Abel held his face tight as he watched Les’s face contort in anger. “Yeah that’s right Willie Nelson, my father told me about it before he died in my arms.” Les smiled, “you don’t know anything do you,” “yeah well . . . PUMA”. Les’s smile was lost and soon he became enraged, he stormed forward but Abel withdrew his pistol. He stopped dead in his tracks as Abel tapped the gun on his side. Rachel responded in kind with a raised AR-15 pointing directly at Sean.

“Alright, alright, everyone just needs to relax,” cried Rachel, who smelled the tension growing in the air. “How do you know about PUMA,” “PUMA” repeated Sean staring at the advancing Les. “Whatever our parents were up to was big and we want to carry on their work,” “do you,” exclaimed Les with skepticism. “You’re not cut out for this life . . . get out before it’s too late”. Abel became stern, “and where are we supposed to go”? “Les,” whispered Rachel

108
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

as she waved him over to her. He continued to stare angrily as he reluctantly walked over to Rachel. Her whispers were faint but Abel and Sean were able to make out, “we need them anyway let’s give them a shot”.
It took several minutes before Les returned back, “you mean what you say boy, bout helping us”? Abel turned to Sean, who took several seconds before he gave a slow and reluctant nod. “What is it you need us to do?” Les smiled, “your parents left something in a safe deposit box. We are going to need you two to make a little withdrawal. And then when you get back you are going to explain to me everything your parents told you about PUMA and Project Anarchy”.

(To Be Continued)






























109







Episode #4

The Bank


“I am not exactly sure what the hell we are doing here, Abel?” Sean and Abel were two brothers sitting outside in their car staring up at a one story brown stone building. Abel was older

with broader shoulder and had the body of a baseball player. His brown hair sat in shags as his neck was marked on each side with two tattoos. On the right side an angel holding a large sickle over his shoulder with the writing Harvester underneath, the left side contained an angel arms crossed reading underneath Redeemer. Sean didn’t match his brother’s rough exterior but they were brother from blood to both sets of pierced ears. Innocent face with shags of dirty blond hair and twinkling blue eyes, he didn’t have a tattoo except one that his parents had given to him and his brother when they were just babies. On their left shoulder blade a black rose with yellow blood oozing from the pedals. Sean had almost forgotten about his mother telling him that Abel and he were going to get their rose’s blood color changed to red. The purpose of the tattoo would forever be a mystery to the both of them. Sean was much shorter than Abel and was just about to serve his mandatory conscription in an armed forces branch in the district. The law states every citizen in

110
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

every district must serve for a minimum of 10 years after your first semester of college. Abel had served in the border patrol as did his parents. Sean’s acceptance into the border patrol had been assured at the end of his first semester. Abel’s first semester returning from his mandatory conscription. However that all seemed to change after last night, the world that they had lived lay scattered and dead like the apartment they fled from.

“You heard what Uncle Les said,” Sean grunted in frustration, “he isn’t our uncle.” Abel pulled out a pistol from his pants. The same pistol that had killed an innocent older woman not more than twenty four hours ago, the way her face contorted in a confused plea. A plea to live, a sort of “why” traced in her eyes. “Look, all we have to do is go in and retrieve these stupid papers that they want.” Sean leaned his head against the window as if trying to cool himself down. “What is so big about these papers? Why should we care? We should be fleeing the country or crossing the border. We should go to the Chinese in the west. I heard the fishing is still amazing on the coast.” Abel loaded a magazine into the pistol, “And what are we going to do . . . hire a coyote pack to sneak us across?” Sean scoffed, “we don’t need a pack just the coyote”! Abel jeered, “And how do you plan on surviving out there without the pack”? They stared at each other, “look let’s just go and retrieve these papers and go from there ok”?

Sean’s head still rested on the windows as the sun slowly rose higher in the sky. People bustled around them as if the world had not even given a single pause in memory of their parents. “And what If they don’t want us in this group? Why are we doing this?” Abel tucked the pistol into his pants watching a particular happy family going into the bank. “It’s a Blood Security Box not a safe deposit box . . . only family can open this box.” Abel was now cleaning himself

111
ROBBY RICHARDSON

up, he continued saying, “we’ll get money out of them and if we can’t fight with them, then they will at least help us start a new life.” Sean gave surprised “money?” Abel nodded in an almost confused way, “yeah there is only a thousand dollars in the car, we need more money to survive and obviously these papers are important at least to them”,
Sean now had gone soft with his voice, “Abel can I ask you a serious question”? Abel nodded gazing lazily around the parking lot. “You always have been anxious about joining the resistance even after you left to serve in the border patrol. I have to know, would you really fight with the Underground Uprising if we are asked to join”? Abel still gazing into the parking lot didn’t look as if he was even considering the possibility, but with a surprise he responded, “Yeah, mom and dad are gone and whatever they were in was big and they were killed for it. I say we try and finish what they set out to do.”

They both hopped out of the car pulling down their baseball hats and sunglasses. “Keep your left hand in your pocket,” Abel whispered to Sean. Sean gazed down and realized that the reason for Abel’s concern was the sopping wet bandanna that was tied around each of their hands. Sean shoved it into his pocket as it made a squishing sound going all the way deep into his pocket. A water mark began to show through the pocket. “This is never going to work,” sang Sean as they approached the black double doors of the bank. Abel quickly put his finger to his lips as his hand rested on the handle for the door. He looked around as if eyeing for military police in the parking lot, but spotting nothing out of the ordinary, he opened the door and walked through.

They walked into the bank, which had a row of gray marble teller booths and a matching gray marble floor. The desks however were made from wood with a small green lamp on each of them. The

112
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

bank was filled with tellers, citizens, and more monotonous long wooden desks. Abel and Sean walked into line behind a younger woman holding a crying baby. Abel and Sean stood silent waiting their turn in line. Water stains began to pear in there dark jeans, Abel could see the nerves starting to get to Sean. Abel leaned over “stop fidgeting so much . . . your stain is starting to show”. Sean eyes seemed to be scanning every inch of the room leaning into his ear, “get a grip and pull down your shirt alright . . . here we go”.

The ticket lady looked tired, she was an older woman with black glasses that reminded Sean of what a librarian would wear. Sean was about to speak, but his mouth seemed to be filled with marbles. Thankfully Abel spoke up “Hi, yes we need to recover a Blood Security Box.” Abel took a card out from his pocket and slid it towards the women. She took the white card in her bony fingers and eyed it as if she had not seen anything like it in awhile. “Oh yes, these are from our private boxes, I have to get special clearance for this . . . let me call Mr. Taylor.” The teller picked up a phone, Abel’s attention was withdrawn from the teller to Sean.

Sean seemed to be looking over the place continuing to study every detail of the bank. Chandlers hung over the room almost like giant floating bee hives. His eyes rested on a large fountain that sat in the corner of the room. The teller hung up the phone, “Mr. Taylor, will be right out to see you gentlemen.” The teller had said it in such a lazy way that it almost sounded as if she was about to fall asleep. Sean and Abel walked towards the fountain as it seemed like marble was used for everything in this bank. “So far, so good,” whispered Abel as Sean tried to hide his nervousness.

“Gentlemen it’s nice to see you,” a man walked over to them and immediately began to shake their hands enthusiastically. His hair was parted down the middle, and he had the thickest set of glasses,

113
ROBBY RICHARDSON

they had ever seen. He did not have the appearance of a banker more of a computer nerd. However he did fit into the world of numbers that was for sure. His suite was a light green with a bright red tie. When he smiled, his teeth were shining white he reminded them of a politician from the stories their father had told.
“I am sorry but I do not recognize you, have we met?” He released Sean’s hand, and began peering at them as if he was making sure he had the right people. “We need to get into this Blood Security Box,” Abel handed the white card to him, and he eyed it questioningly. He gave a little smile and said “yes . . . the B.S.B., these are reserved for only our most privileged.” He stood aside and waved them towards a pair of silver doors, which led down a hallway. Abel walked by quickly, but Sean happened to notice something. Mr. Taylor was eyeing them suspiciously, he walked behind them, both Abel and Sean’s left hands buried deep within their pockets. It was beginning to feel a little uncomfortable.

They walked through the doors and down a lit hallway which didn’t fit the banks marble décor. They walked down a carpet rug, staring at the pictures aligning the wall. Each with a different photo of different people until Abel saw to his great surprise, a family portrait of his family that he didn’t remember taking. Abel stopped suddenly as Sean crashed into him, “hey what the hell!” Abel turned back to him, “sorry,” he looked up at Mr. Taylor who eyed them suspiciously again. He nudged Sean motioning towards the portrait. They continued to walk ending up at another pair of sliding doors. They stepped on a large black pad, and a female voice echoed in the air, “Name . . . Relation . . . Box number.” Mr. Taylor eyed the two of them prompting them to speak Abel gave a loud “Sean Gatewood and Abel Gatewood . . . Son’s of Caine and Eve Gatewood . . . and box number,” Mr. Taylor handed the card to Abel who looked over

114
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

the card, there were numbers all over it. A picture of his parents looked up at him from the card, “wow they look young and Sean you do look an awfully like mom pouting cheeks and all.”
Their mother had blond hair and looked to be in her twenties as did their father. “Yeah well you look like dad, why don’t you wipe that scowl off your face . . . by the way thanks for using my name first”. The women’s voice had broken their argument, “invalid, please state box number?” Abel flipped the card over, and on the back side of the card was a series of numbers in a double helix model of a strain of D.N.A. There in small black numbers, “number 61666 . . .

6?” A green light had appeared above the door and the sliding doors opened.
Abel and Sean walked forward through the doors into a room that had a computer system in front of them. It was more than just a computer. It took on the resemblance of a mixing board for engineering music. “I will leave you to it then,” Mr. Taylor gave a little courtesy bow, and the sliding door slid in front sealing them both in the room. Abel and Sean saw a giant room that had huge silver containers with a computer on the front. The same women’s voice spoke it was more computer now . . . more artificial. “Please insert card,” the voice asked and Abel took the card and slid it into a card reader that was flashing green. It sucked the card down deep within the mixer size computer. A plastic cover opened and a bright blue light appeared in a circle size hole. “Please insert deposit,” Abel looked at Sean, “well do you want too?”

Sean shook his head in confusion, “do I want to do what exactly?” Abel gave a patient smile, “give a deposit?” “What kind of deposit,” asked Sean in a curious tone. “It’s a . . . Blood Security . . . Box,” Sean’s head tilted back as if he had gotten hit by a spitball. “You don’t mean,” Abel’s smile grew a little wider, “well we have to prove

115
ROBBY RICHARDSON

that we are their sons, so they are going to match our D.N.A.” Sean eyed down at the blue hole which was now flashing. He shook his head and withdrew his only free hand like a child touching a hot pan. Abel’s smile vanished and he entered his finger into the hole. The sides of hole enclosed on his finger as he gave a soft little, “Ow.” Sean smiled as the color of the light now changed to an orange. Able gave another little “Ow!” His finger was ejected from the hole like bread from a toaster.

A mechanical arm fell from the ceiling of the isolated room through the glass. It slid down and moved its robotic hand around grabbing at a large silver looking box. It took the box in its hand and placed it on a tray that was opposite the glass. The arm returned to its place above the room, and the tray slid out to reveal the mysterious box. A couple of lights blinked from the keypad sized computer on the front of the box. This was it, this Abel could hardly breath. His muscular body seemed weak at the thought of lifting the box. Whatever was in that box, there parents had kept hidden. Abel knew that these plans would guarantee his brother and him a spot in the double U. Abel took out his hand whispering at Sean’s similar reaction, “no, don’t take out yours, if someone sees mine, I don’t want them getting you.” Sean returned his hand to the depth of his now sopping wet pocket.

Abel ran his finger over the box as a computer voice came from the box itself, “password, please?” Abel froze unable to recall any password. “Password,” repeated Sean, which was not helpful to Abel. “Les didn’t say anything about a password,” Sean looked at the box again studying it. “Yeah, well Uncle Les did not tell us anything about what is in the box either.” Sean looked up precariously, “He is not our uncle.” Abel rolled his eyes as the computer voice repeated, “Password, please?” Abel began to think what could be the password,

116
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

“Abel and Sean.” A red flashed at the top of the computer, “Password not in form of a question.” “Form of a question,” Sean chuckled, eyeing Abel in disbelief. “Who are Abel and Sean,” the red light flashed again. “Maybe it has to do with the contents of the box?” Abel lowered his sun glasses in an impressed way, “ok smart guy, what’s in the box?”
Abel pushed the box towards Sean, who walked towards it carefully. “Well Less said it has to do with our parents and a mission for the . . . well you know.” Abel was now sitting on the computer, which did not seem to protest. “What did dad tell you when he died,” Abel was not comfortable talking about their father dying. He raised his hand to warn Sean, “What did dad tell you,” Abel’s hand was still raised. Sean walked a little closer, “what did dad tell you?”

Abel’s face had turned red, “I am sorry I was to busy protecting everybody, when the Security Troopers came busting into the house.” Sean put his hand on top of his brothers and gently put it down. “What did dad say when he handed you the letter.” Abel could feel his eyes getting hotter, “I don’t know?” He had to say something to comfort Abel. It was unusual to see his face like that. It didn’t suit him, he looked like a lost dog in the middle of a forest “look I am trying to help you . . . help our parents . . . . help the cause that our parents died for and that’s what you want us to do right? No border, no west coast, nothing, nowhere to run, we have to fight right?” Abel shrugged his shoulders as he tried to remember everything he could about what happened. “I remember you went with mom. The rest of the group was shot around the kitchen table. Their blood . . .

their blood littered all their papers. The papers that mom hid like a R.A.C.I. item . . . and dad died right next to me.” Abel could tell that Sean did not really want to hear this either, but he tried to stay strong. After all if Abel was supposed to be the strong one, what

117
ROBBY RICHARDSON

would that make Sean? “Dad was dying, bleeding really badly. He handed me the envelope . . . told me that Uncle Les was still alive . . .

something about Project Anarchy and said if Uncle Les gave us any problems just mention that we knew about PUMA.”
Sean’s eyes widened, “Project Anarchy,” he shouted into the computer which flashed that red light. “Password not in form of question,” Abel groaned in frustration, “well I guess that rules out PUMA right”? “This is ridiculous, I killed an older woman, and you shot a Military Police officer. I want to do something but I can’t, because this stupid organization sends us around in a wild goose chase.” Sean continued to stare at the silver box, his left hand still tucked into his pocket. Abel was angry and frustrated now all sense of sorrow long forgotten. Sean ignored him and focused on the box. It fell out of him. He did not know why he said it, it just felt right, “what is Project Anarchy?” The light flickered green and the lock clicked open. There was nothing to stop him for seeing the contents of this box. Their parents were killed for this information. Boom!!!!!

A large explosion shook the very room that Abel and Sean were standing in. “What the hell was that,” shouted Sean sounding a bit worried. Mr. Taylor was now opening the sliding doors to the security room. He waved them through with a “Hurry up Lobsters are here!” There came a booming voice from a person on what sounded like a megaphone, “Release Abel and Sean Gatewood in the name of Federal Districts!” The voice was loud and rough as if he was born to be in the military. Mr. Taylor waived his hand furiously as Sean grabbed the box exposing his tied up left hand. At this point it didn’t seem to matter all three of them were running down the hallway. “What the hell is going on,” exclaimed Sean again. Mr. Taylor was opening up the sliding door and everyone in the bank was looking out at Security Troopers amassing outside of the bank.

118
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

The man on the megaphone spoke up again, “bring out Abel and Sean Gatewood, and everyone will be able to go about their daily routines.” Sean slunk behind the wall still clenching the box in his hands, “that’s it, we are done for! They’ll send us prison”! Sean grabbed Abel by the shirt, “they could send us to Alaska . . . or make a deal with the Russians to send us to a Siberian Work Camp! I don’t want to go to Russia Abel, it’s a wasteland there!” Abel peered out the window. “Nice for you to keep a positive tone in this situation, don’t go loosing your head now at least their not Doom Troopers besides that Siberian Work Camp stuff is all just stories”. Sean gazed up at Abel pure terror in his eyes, “there not right . . .

I mean they wouldn’t send them here for this”? Abel watched the bank become surrounded with troops, “why would N.W.O. send Security Troopers, I mean we are not even part of the U.U . . . at least not yet”. Abel’s comments had fallen on deaf ears as Sean looked around the bank, “why didn’t they send Military Police we are not that dangerous”? The whole bank was staring at Abel and Sean. A particular stocky banker was beginning to sweat a little, and the fear of the Federal Districts wrath had him thinking. “Look, I can hold onto the box for you,” Abel laughed at his comment. Sean shrugged, “maybe we should . . .” “And we are going to trust the contents of the box to him, a man that we don’t know and isn’t part of the U.U.”! Sean was now whispering, “we aren’t even part of them anyway, they don’t want us, please . . . please let’s just cross the border and . . .” Abel waved his hand angrily, “don’t start that again”!

Abel’s comment seemed to have hurt Mr. Taylor, “look I know you guys are with the resistance.” Sean made another mocking laugh, “Ha . . . no, we aren’t actually in the resistance, I thought you were eavesdropping too.” Mr. Taylor eyed them suspiciously, “well then why are your chips covered with bandannas?” Sean didn’t speak

119
ROBBY RICHARDSON

up this time and Abel was still gazing out the window. “We don’t have to be in the resistance, we could be . . . . just criminals.” Mr. Taylor smiled at Abel, “no your not, your part of the resistance and I sympathize with you and your group.” Abel reached in the back of his pants and pulled out a pistol saying, “those are very dangerous words.” Mr. Taylor eyed the pistol with a worrying look, “it doesn’t matter the N.W.O. will already jail me for giving your parents the box . . . zero tolerance towards terrorism remember”?

Security Troopers were forming outside they had on bright red camouflage outfits with a bright red bullet proof vest. There helmets were bright red, but the mask the covered their faces were black with a large black visor. They lined the parking lot and appeared to be forming for an ambush. “They might be . . .” but Abel didn’t finish his sentence. “If you do not bring out Abel and Sean Gatewood in ten minutes we will come in and execute anyone who resists.” The soldiers lined the parking lot and stood at perfect attention. They had giant m-16 machine guns which looked more situated for a heavy battle in warfare. “Guess we know why mom and dad were always so heavily armed huh,” Sean leaned over the counter as Abel finished, “guess we know why the news always called it the definition of urban warfare.” Abel turned lowering his, what he now considered useless pistol. “Why would the Federal District send Security Troopers to a bank,” Sean asked Abel, “Will you stop asking that their already here let’s just deal with it . . . Hey Sean, isn’t this the same battalion that was sent to our house the other night?” Abel gathered his thoughts which were soon interrupted by the stocky banker yelling, “Well I am not getting killed for these kids!” His voice was scratchy, and he made his way towards the boys, but Abel raised his gun and pointed it at him. The man froze in his tracks exclaiming “hey, hey, they are going to kill everybody here.” The pistol held firmly on the man,

120
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

“they aren’t Doom Troopers so they won’t kill everybody alright”? Sean was now staring at the window. His comment had struck a thought in Abel’s mind. “We have to make sure they do not get the box,” Abel was now not even looking at the stocky man. He stood in place his hands slightly raised in the air, “you said that you sympathize with the resistance, do you have some place where you can hide this box?” Mr. Taylor stood in his spot not able to really think as the sight of the troopers started to terrify the man, “I . . . I . . .” he stammered.

“You have five minutes to comply,” the man on the megaphone sounded angrier and the troops seemed to be getting anxious as well. Their feet were moving ever so slightly in anticipation. Sean held onto the box, a women now sounding panicked, “Please just go out there, I don’t want to die, I have a family.”

“Sean, I am going to cause a diversion, and I need you to take the box, and get out of here.” Sean scoffed at the comment, “I am not leaving you here to be captured and killed.” The troops were now forming into a raid position. “Mr. Taylor, if you really sympathize with our cause you will get him out of here.” Mr. Taylor continued to stare, “it should be noted that it is a well known fact that this bank sympathizes with the resistance. I assumed it was only a matter of time before I showed my color. Mr. Taylor began to grow stronger as if he was finally revealing a dark secret. Unbuttoning his suit coat he opened it to reveal the inside color to be “blue” exclaimed Abel in mild shock. Sean saw Abel growing more confident in the man and dropped the pistol into the pudgy hands of the stocky banker. Sean stared at the man’s color, blue wasn’t a restricted color in this district so why was Abel so shocked by it? “Look all we need is a distraction and he can make a run for it.” Sean gripped the box tighter “no I am not leaving besides, how are you going to cause a distraction, when

121
ROBBY RICHARDSON

you have only one gun?” “I am not going to miss.” Shaking his head Sean laughed, “You’re a terrible shot”.
Smiling Abel gave Sean a quick hug, “I’m a better shot than you. I’ll see you soon . . . promise.” Sean couldn’t believe it, he tried to protest, but Mr. Taylor dragged him away. Sean screamed the whole way towards the office until Abel couldn’t hear him. His eyes fell on the Troopers who were now coming up the path towards the double doors. They would be entering the bank in a minute, Abel pulled back the chamber. The people of the bank began to run out of the doors, the scared lady screaming, “He is right there behind the counter, please don’t kill me!”

The lady’s screams were silenced by the bullets of the troopers. She fell to the ground as glass covered her body like shrapnel. Everyone in the bank ducked behind the desks for cover. The Troopers kicked in the doors sending the remainder of the glass sliding across the floor. They burst into the room as gunshots echoed off the wall. The sound of Abel’s pistol was drowned by the sound of fifteen heavy machine guns. People dropped to the floor as the Troopers came marching in the room firing in military precision and fashion at the only person resisting. Bullets were still flying as Abel slid out his empty magazine, and replaced it with a full one. Silence filled the bank as Abel heard the Troopers magazines hit the floor as well. Taking a deep breath he popped up quickly. Two shots rang from his pistol hitting the trooper right in the mask. No sound echoed from the man, but sparks did fly out of the mask almost like a computer being broken.

Abel fell down to the ground again as more Troopers started firing at him. One yelled out, “Hold your fire,” his voice was muffled from the helmet. Abel began to crawl on the floor, he didn’t know where he was going or what he was going to do he was surrounded.

122
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

The truth of the situation came out with a “what the hell am I doing”? He could hear the Troopers beginning to pick up the people and escort the patriots out of the building. The ones that hadn’t fought and struggled but they were in vain. The soldiers carried them away as one man screamed, “nothing but slaves yourselves, long live the resistance”! Abel reached the end of the teller desk as he could almost feel them creeping closer to desk.

Abel leaned around the edge of the teller counter. A trooper stood ten feet from him pointing his machine gun across the way towards the spot he was at. Abel took aim with his pistol, but something had caught his eye. A man dressed in a long yellow shirt was waving a short blade at the solider letting it land into the shoulder pads of the soldier. “LONG LIVE THE AWAKENING,” he screamed as the several machine guns went off. The gentlemen fell to the ground and Abel watched the bearded man take his final breaths. Turning towards the soldiers he took the first shot hitting the lone soldier in the leg. He let out a groan of pain as he began to fall to his knees. The second shot hit him in the arm, which caused him to loose hold of his gun. The third was the kill shot, right through the helmet. The troopers screams had stopped, machine gun fire began to riddle the marble, chipping away inch by inch. Dust was beginning to settle in the air from all the marble being pulverized.

“Hey look what I found,” came a booming voice from somewhere behind the counter. A chill went up Abel’s spine, they had caught Sean. The box was discovered, all was lost and Abel didn’t even know why he was going to be killed. Abel began to feel around his pants, he had no more ammunition. His last bullets were contained in his current magazine. A body was thrown to the floor and Abel felt the chill growing inside of him. A person spoke, only it was not Sean’s. “Please, I didn’t do anything! I was just in my office.” “Mr. Taylor,”

123
ROBBY RICHARDSON

whispered Abel, his chill lessened slightly, but he was still stuck. With the greatest difficulty, and with no option left besides death, Abel yelled, “I’m coming out, don’t shoot!”
“Toss the pistol out first,” yelled one of the guards. Reluctantly Abel tossed it out around the corner. He heard it slide across the stone floor, “now stick out both your hands”! Abel complied and stuck out both his hands. Then he felt a Trooper grab him as he was forced from behind the counter. He was shoved down onto the ground and felt a tie go around his hands. He was pulled up and one of the Troopers removed his bandanna from his hand. “Damn rebels,” muttered the Trooper as another Trooper took out a different looking gun. It looked like one of those guns the dentist used to heat up braces. The neon blue light even came out of it. The chip in Abel’s left hand began to blink red, and the blue light cut off. “Yep, this is Abel Gatewood,” the Trooper took both his hands and walked him outside.

He was strolled out under heavy guard, and placed into the back of a giant black paddy wagon. He was shoved into the truck with other people from the bank. Many stood up and protested, “Please I have nothing to do with the resistance”! Abel sat down next to the only man who was not protesting, he eyed him the whole time as Abel was forced into his seat. A mysterious voice came out of nowhere, “so, you are the famous Abel Gatewood?” The voice came from a man in a bright red trooper uniform, but instead of a black helmet he had on a beret. Stars aligned over his shoulder, and a scar ran down from his eye to the corner of his mouth. He had icy blue eyes, which matched his icy tone and temper. “So, I don’t suppose you are going to tell us where your brother is?” Abel spat angrily at him, “he is dead you government sheep.” “Sheep,” said the Trooper, who seemed to take this comment more as a compliment. The officer stood there emotionless without any pity, “why can’t you

124
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

just follow the laws.” Abel actually laughed at his, “what Laws, there not laws . . . more like orders. Laws can be challenged and removed.” “Laws are meant to be obeyed,” Abel laughed at this too, but his response was not to be heard. A Trooper came running over to the officer, “Col. Briggs, Sean Gatewood is not in the building.”

Just as the Trooper spoke, Abel saw out of the far corner of his left eye, somebody ducking between the many cars and trucks of the Troopers. It was Sean, “well, find him he probably has escaped, check the surrounding area!” Abel spoke, “no, he is not here, I don’t know where he is but he is not here.” Col. Briggs eyed him suspiciously, “first you call me a sheep now you want to be helpful?” Col. Briggs turned back to the trooper as Sean was now heading towards the tree line. “Gather up all the men you can spare, we are going to check the forest.” “Sir,” Col. Briggs’s icy eyes were now piercing the Trooper as if questions were not tolerated. “Please sir,” he said again trying to sound more polite. “Troopers don’t go into the woods . . .

that is for the Military Police.” Sean had slunk into the tree line and disappeared. “Are you disobeying my orders,” Col. Briggs hand moved down to his side arm, which was clipped to his belt. The Trooper shook his head, “no . . . no, sir!” The Trooper turned and began to order the troops together as Col. Briggs returned to Abel “we will find your brother be sure of that.” Abel squeezed his hands trying to break the tie, “screw you Lobster!” Col. Briggs slammed the doors to the wagon smiling and knocked twice. I hope Sean can run. Abel’s head rested on the wall of the paddy wagon, “Please God, let him be ok.” Col. Briggs smiled at Abel staring at all the Security Troopers, “your just lucky we need you, if it were me I’d put a bullet in you right now”.

(To Be Continued)

125







Episode #5

The Betrayal


Knock!! Knock!! Knock!! Sean was breathing heavy as he clenched at a familiar wooden door. He heard loud rusting and the snapping of what was indistinctly heavy artillery. “Who the hell is at my door,” Sean still breathing hard gasped, “Les . . . Sean . . .

please . . . . open!” The door swung open as a familiar brown haired beauty stood in front of Sean. The familiar small and cramped apartment was filled with papers but a short woman was holding two mismatched pistols right at Sean’s face. Sean gripped the silver box as he leapt back in terror. The beautiful face of Rachel was replaced with that psychotic look that made her eyes bulge out of her face. “Wait, don’t shoot,” he jumped all the way back as she stared at him for several minutes. She leaned her head out and gazed down the hallway. She returned to the frame when she saw that he was alone. “What the hell you doing come up here knocking on the door like you’re the damn M.P?”

“Abel, Abel has been captured by the Security Troopers,” she stared at him and after several skeptical looks she lowered the pistols. “We know . . . were you followed,” shaking his head he added, “good let me in so we can go get him . . . Why would you think I was

126
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

followed”? Rachel took a second glance down the hallway and then waved him in. Shutting the door, Sean walked into a room with several mysterious men and the white grizzled man that he had been told was his Uncle Les. Yellow bandanna tied around his head, he was holding a double barrel shotgun but he didn’t lower it. “It’s Sean,” Les looked confused as he lowered his gun slightly. “How is this possible, were you followed”? Sean saw something that had not caught his attention the last time he had been in this room. It was an American flag upside down but it had a yellow tint to it. Les was snapping his fingers, “hey boy”! Sean shook his head, “Abel was captured, he sacrificed himself, and I need your help.” Rachel came over, “of course we will help,” but Les looked at Sean. “Is that the box,” his eyes narrowed to the silver box in his hand. Sean froze a little, “um,” but Les stepped forward and snatched it out of his hands, “give it to me”!

He took it out of Sean’s hands, who exclaimed, “Hey what the hell is your . . .” Les turned and growled “is this it”? Sean looked confused, but Les gripped it between his hands and yelled, “The box from the bank, this is it”? Sean nodded, “look Abel needs help, what can you guys do for us”? “Well most likely they will take him down to the Boston branch headquarters in District 4”. Sean shook his head, “District 4! We have to leave now”. “The only thing you’re going to tell me you little shit is if this is the box from the bank, the one your parent’s left you”? Les stormed forward, the pistol raised at him, “Les what the hell do you think you are doing”? Les looked deranged, “silence you silly girl,” he turned back to Sean and growled “well”? Sean nodded, “yeah Les it is, I don’t understand, did I do something”? “YES,” bellowed Les as he gripped the box in his hands raising it high into the air. “Les, what the hell is your problem,” Les lowered the box and stormed to the desk littered with papers and

127
ROBBY RICHARDSON

manila folders. He swiped them off the table as the fell to the floor their hours of organization seem pointless in a matter of a second.
“GOD DAMN IT,” yelled Rachel as she began to walk closer, “It took me days to organize that shit”. Les began to rip open the box, he smashed open the lock as the contents fell to the floor. A stack of papers the size of a novel fell out, “it’s true”. He threw the box away. Rachel was seizing papers off the floor, “Les you want Sean to know everything the Uprising is up to”. “Rachel will you shut up,” Les seized the stack of papers and opened them as if they were as precious as diamonds. “Project Anarchy,” Les whispered, Rachel’s eyes widened in surprise rather than anger. “The plans,” Les closed the notes, “look we got your plans, now what the hell are we going to do about my brother?” “Your brother is going to be tortured and left to die,” “Abel gave his life to get me out . . . gave his life to get these papers to you”. “SHUT up you stupid little kid, Rachel put a bullet in him and end this”. “Excuse me,” exclaimed Sean, who saw that Rachel looked as surprised as he did. She repeated, “Put a bullet in him and end this”? She got up from the floor and dropped all the papers that she had been gathering. “Did I stutter,” Rachel still looked stunned, “Les these are Caine’s and Eve’s boys, I don’t think you”. “I KNOW exactly, your just a traitor just like them . . . fine, the Security Troopers couldn’t do it, the Military Police couldn’t do it, you couldn’t do it, guess I’ll do it myself.”

He withdrew a pistol from his waist pocket but Rachel out of nowhere jumped in front of Sean. Her hands held no pistol but she still shielded him. “Les, what the hell is your problem,” “Rachel get out of the way, if I have to kill you I will,” “no Les, Caine and Eve gave their lives for this group, they died fighters, these boys just got away how can you dishonor their parents memory and sacrifices by killing both their sons”?

128
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

“Rachel I have always questioned your loyalty and now I guess I see where it lies,” Les’s hand gripped the pistol, “my loyalty has always lie with the Underground Uprising”. “NO,” shouted Les, “your loyalty has always been to them, remember they brought you in but we made you who you are”. Rachel began to push Sean towards the door, “Les your crazy, why are you doing this, the Council of Immortals would kill you if they knew what you are saying.” He shouted, “The Council of Immortals laws must be followed without question. I was performing my necessary duties as the leader of this group keeping up the laws of the New Constitution. The Council of Immortals . . . kill me . . . ha! Who do you think told me to do it”? Rachel gasped, “I can’t believe it. You sold out the Gatewoods to the Security Troopers”? “With Caine and Eve gone, that pathetic little group that they tried to create to succeed ours would not live to see its first act. OUR ACT! Sean heard a click of a light as he stared at the contents of the box, and repeated “Project Anarchy”. Rachel shook her head so fast sending her brown sheet of hair flying in Sean’s face. “I can’t allow this,” Sean stepped out from her hair, “are you saying what I think you are saying”? Les froze as if he was hiding something, “I know what you’re thinking Rachel, remember one word and I have all the soldiers in here filling you full of holes.”

“You are going to kill me and let my brother die because our parents tried to start the Urban Guerillas,” shouted Sean trying to wrestle over Rachel. ‘Your stupid parents were starting another group without the Council’s permission. If we didn’t kill them, the Truth would have. Your parents signed theirs deaths when they called their first meeting. I was just doing my duty for this resistance and see the N.W.O. and their precious Federal Districts crumble to ashes.” Sean shook his head, “You don’t have to do this. We aren’t even members. My brother and I were at college the whole time”. Les smiled, “wrong

129
ROBBY RICHARDSON

place, wrong time. The code states that every man and woman must be killed to prevent the civil wars and riots that plagued us before. Every district has one resistance fighting group no exceptions”. Sean ceased his advance, “so you never cared for my brother and me? All those parties and presents, the times we laughed were all nothing”? He nodded, “I don’t care for you and your parents knew that. They sent you here probably because it was the only place that they could consider safe, which was foolish on their part because they knew the code.” “So why get you the plans for Project Anarchy,” he nodded “the letter your brother gave me. Trading the plans for your safety,” he scoffed, “bargaining the last plea of a pathetic man, your family were always traitors and no honor will be broken by my actions”.

When Les closed his eyes, Rachel grabbed the door knob and opened the door. Sean fell backwards as Rachel closed the door. She screamed in pain as blood came out of her shoulder. She turned to Sean, “run,” and without a second glance, he took off in the other direction and she followed right behind. She pointed wildly, “stairs,” and they both ran down them. Sean looked up and saw Les staring down watching them retreat, “get back,” yelled Sean pushing her close to the wall. She groaned in pain, “You don’t need to do that, he isn’t going to shoot us here, he’ll draw to much attention”. They ran down the stairs and took off down the street. Soon the urban jungle swallowed them up, he knew Les and his soldiers were probably staring out the front of the complex staring blindly down the near empty street.

They stopped running when they hit an abandoned alley, Sean pounded his fists on the wall, “I’m going to kill that bitch”. “He is to well protected, you couldn’t get close to him”. Sean turned to her, “he betrayed my parents, and I will spend the rest of my life trying to kill him”. Rachel dabbed at her wound but Sean walked forward, “alright

130
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

I need to know exactly who you people are and who my parents are, and what the hell is going on around here.” “God,” he shrieks as he pulled at his hair, “my brother and I just came home from college and we find ourselves neck deep in the resistance”. Rachel groaned in pain, “I need a doctor”! Sean came closer, “you aren’t going to anybody unless I get all the information.” Rachel eyes were closed in tears of pain, “I need a doctor. I saved your life”. Sean grabbed her and slammed her against the brick wall, “tell me what I want to know and I will risk my life to get you to a doctor”.

Rachel groaned as she stared around the deserted alley, “alright, what do you want to know, keep in mind I am only telling you what I can, I’ll die for the Double U”. Sean released her as she grabbed at her shoulder again. “What is with that yellow banner in the back of the room . . . you know the one with the dark stars forming a circle? My parents had this stupid red monkey,” Rachel’s eyes widened, “you mean the one standing upright in the uniform . . . beret . . . smoking cigar and AK 47”? Sean took a step back, “how do you know,” she chuckled weakly, “that was a drawing that I gave your mother a long time ago”. A car horn blared next to them as traffic seemed to come to a stop. Sean returned, “How do you know my mother”? “Are you really sitting here and asking these pointless questions, “Why don’t you ask me the questions you really want to know”! “Alright how come none of you have bandannas around you R.I.F.D. chips,” Rachel raised her left hand and glowered down at the small chip. “We cloned it, all of ours, we don’t need bandannas”. She smiled at the wet rag wrapped around his hand. “And what just happened up there?”

She winched slightly and shrugged, but Sean continued to press, “So those symbols are the individual symbols of each individual group”? Her head rested against the wall, “nothing gets by you”. She

131
ROBBY RICHARDSON

stands up and began to walk away, “where the hell do you think you are going”? She turns there is a safe house with a doctor on call, I am going there and willing to answer any questions along the way”. Sean followed her, “no I order you to stop,” she laughed, “you order me . . .

and what are you going to threaten me with besides those girlie hands that you call fists”. She retreated out the alley and continued down a street. “Everybody is looking,” whispered Sean who noticed eyes landing on her bloody hand covering her gushing wound. “Just don’t draw attention to it,” she winced as the moved between a herd of people exiting off the late bus. They took down another alley and walked several blocs in complete silence. Finally after they began down a particularly long alley, Sean gave a groan, “so now are you going to stop stalling and answer my questions”?

“Yeah, we are getting really close, it’s really quiet round these parts,” Sean took a deep breath and blurted out the question that had bugged him for the last two blocks. “What were my parents up to tonight, it had to be something big if what Uncle Les’s said is true. Was it Project Anarchy”? “This safe house is right around the corner here, so I’ll answer your question but once we enter you can’t say or do anything just let me do the talking, agree”? Staring at her, Sean asked, “and what are we going to next? Why can’t I talk? Rachel was growing paler by the second, “we are going to rescue your brother and we are going to need the resistances help”. A small tattoo parlor appeared ahead of them, Rebel Tattoos. “Rebel Tattoos,” repeated Sean, “yeah there’s a safe house in back”. “Just answer my question,” Rachel stopped in her tracks and began to look around at the surroundings. She leaned in and whispered, “Your parents were starting up another resistance group called the Urban Guerillas, which you already knew. What you don’t know is that creating unsanctioned resistance groups is strictly forbidden by

132
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

the Laws of Resistance in the New Constitution. If the council finds out The Truth makes sure the group is eliminated in fear of civil war breaking out again.” Sean shook his head, “and what exactly is Project Anarchy”? She rolled her eyes, “that is a story and a half! I’ll explain that after they patch me up, I’ll be no good to you dead”. Sean reached out and grabbed her shoulder, “Look just tell me what PUMA is”? Rachel leaned in and whispered four words, “Public uprising means anarchy”. “What,” exclaimed Sean, “it’s the theory behind Project Anarchy”. She rolled her eyes again, “I’ll tell you inside, if I don’t bleed to death out here”.

(To Be Continued)


































133







Episode #6

The Massacre at the

Gatewood Apartment


Knock . . . Knock . . . Knock . . . . two College students stood outside a white a door as they waited patiently to enter. Their numerous bags had become heavy walking up five flights of stairs. “Jesus, what always takes her so long,” whined the younger of the two brothers. “Hey quit complaining Sean soon we’re going to be elbow deep in a homemade meal, better than those freshmen meals you get in the cafeteria huh”? Abel began to jab him in the shoulder, “quit it,” as Abel continued, “and much better than the border patrol meals your about to have”. “Yeah well I would take a Subway sandwich over the cafeteria’s meatloaf covered in tomato paste . . .

Abel is the food really bad in the patrol?” Shaking his head, “well after winter break you are about to find out”.
Her mother’s voice was soft but muffled behind the door, “what’s the password”? Abel rolled his eyes, “how about it’s your sons and we are tired”! “Jesus Eve, it’s the kids,” “shut up Caine, you know what tonight means.” Sean smiled as he jabbed his elbow at Abel, “it’s nice to see some things don’t change”. “What’s the password,” she repeated, “Sean did mom tell you the password,” biting his lip

134
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

he ran his hand through his mound of brown hair. “Yeah, relax man I gotta remember it”! He paused, “Urban, Urban something . . . it’s an animal like an ape or something . . . guerillas I think . . . Urban Guerillas”. The numerous locks that their mother was notoriously known for finished after several long seconds. Finally, the door opened with their father yelling, “god Eve what if there was a fire”?

The door opened and their mother’s smile was wide in such pleasure. She had a wide brow with slightly sagging cheeks. Her skinny figure was dwarfed by her husbands, who seemed more muscular but not by much. He was slightly unshaven and looked like he hadn’t slept in weeks. His once gentle blue eyes were now sagging and bloodshot. His crooked nose and lop sided mouth always seemed to make their mother smile. She would always rub his face lovingly and it seemed to make my dad float on the air. Her golden blond hair was tied into several ponytails each one braided in the color red replacing her former and typical yellow ones. Sean pointed towards them “Mom what happened to the yellow in your . . .”

Her face squished as she waved her hands, “get over here,” completely ignoring Sean’s comment as she grabbed both of her boys. She pulled them into a hug that made both their backs crack. She pulled away and grabbed both their cheeks. “My god you boys are growing like weeds,” she moved to the side as they entered the apartment. “Jesus, Sean always got to do something different with your hair . . . first shaved, then dreads, then rows, now green and black”? His father’s hands clapped them both on the back. As he embraced each one in a small “fatherly” hug, “you know I wish I could see your hair dyed the forbidden color yel . . . .” He paused when their mother gave him a look, “well in a little while a soon to be banned color of red”. Their mother immediately waved at Sean, “never you mind boy . . . always curious and wanting to know

135
ROBBY RICHARDSON

everything!” Abel ran his hand over Sean’s head playfully, “you see dad and mom are always looking to get into trouble . . . hey, who are all the people”? Their usual six person kitchen table was surrounded with at least twelve other occupants.
“Eve, will you get back in here, you don’t need to check the hallway every time the door opens,” their mother was still in the hallway as Sean slammed his bag that could fit literally a dead body. Their kitchen table was stacked high with papers and manila folders. Large blueprints lay across the only remaining section of the table. “Oh my god, you took down the yellow flag with the stars,” exclaimed Sean pointing towards the wall opposite wall. “Man mom I thought you guys would never get rid of that! What if Military Police had opened the door”? Their father began to laugh, “Oh believe me boys I have been over that with her a hundred times . . . lord knows probably open fire on her the moment she opens the door”. Her mother’s face grew stern, “if you can’t stand by your own beliefs you can’t stand by anything at all”. Rubbing his hand on his forehead, Abel and Sean watched him grumble, “always, I mean always gotta be on a soap box”. “So what’s with the new décor, I didn’t picture you guys fan of monkeys”. Abel began to laugh at Sean, “you replaced the rebellions flag with some painted monkey smoking a cigar and holding an AK 47”. Sean shook his head, “it’s awfully red”. Abel clapped his father on his shoulder, “and what is with the beret, I mean really a beret”? “Hey your cousin Rachel drew it and it stuck,” one of the men from around the table yelled, “Gatewoods I hate to spoil the family reunion but don’t you think we should make this quick after all what if we are discovered”?

Their mother came over and patted them on their backs gently, “why don’t you guys go get settled in and after this we can all sit down and have a family dinner, doesn’t that sound good”? “You

136
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

know mom I don’t know if you know this, but we know that you and dad are part of the Underground Uprising and the rebellion. Well Sean here is in complete denial”. Her mother smiled, “we know but because you don’t know that much . . . that’s what keeps you guys safe. It also helps that we have a distinguished Border Patrol member too”. Sean began to look concerned, but Abel continued, “Is this it? Is this the entire Council for the Underground”? Shaking her head, “I can’t answer that,” Abel responded with a “so what is different about tonight? Where the yellow? All I see is . . .” he froze as he whispered “Are your renouncing your color”? She bit her night crawler thin lip. “You might say that . . . ever since your Uncle Les died and Yassir’s compound was raided by Doom Troopers, the Double U. is reorganizing. Now go we have to finish our meeting”! She pushed them towards their room which lay at the end of a long hallway. “And I don’t want you eavesdropping either”!

She pushed them towards their room, “scoot,” she yelled as the retreated towards the room at the end of the hallway. Their room was small and still contained their two small bunk beds, “I can’t believe she kept these”! Sean came forward towards the undersized beds, “god we haven’t been gone that long. It’s only been a semester”. Abel shook his head as he stared at his miniature bed on top, “try going to your Mandatory Conscription and then straight back to college”. He threw his college bags on the top bunk. Sean wandered around the room taking every corner of their old room. “God I’m gunna miss this place. I wish it didn’t take so long”. Abel gave a flat, “it goes by faster than you think,” Sean didn’t find this helpful”. “So what do you think mom and dad are exactly up to,” Abel shook his head at Sean. “I don’t know but it must be serious, did you see all the artillery in there and renouncing your colors is a big thing”? Sean shook his head as Abel smiled, “they are always digging to deep”. Shaking his

137
ROBBY RICHARDSON

head he continued “oh to be in the resistance, what do you think the university would have done if they knew about us and our parents? God I can’t wait until I can join and when there gone I can take the resistance to a whole new level”.
Abel laughed as Sean grunted something to try and calm his nerves. They began to unpack their stuff, “how long do you think there going to be out there in that meeting”? Sean’s words were almost lost to him spilling out several hollow point bullets, “damn it” he yelled. “You had a gun,” shouted Abel as he almost dropped his handful of smelly socks in shock. “Yeah dad gave it to me before I left for school. He told me that he gave you one when you left too”. Abel shook his head, “oh yeah . . . what did ever happen to that thing? Yeah, that’s right I lost it in a hot area skirmish”? Sean pushed his brother in the shoulder, “Probably lost your temper like always huh? Well it doesn’t surprise me . . . I have always been the more level headed person in the family . . . and way more responsible too. Intelligence and responsibility seem to go hand and hand with me”. Abel laughed, “Responsible, this coming from the guy that would be most likely to surrender all the information we know about the resistance to impress some girl”? “HEY,” Sean yelled as he threw a punch at Abel, who ducked it as easily as an oncoming car. “I was drunk at that party and I didn’t know she had a boyfriend”! Abel laughed, “How could you not know, she was kissing him for . . .” “Shut up”! Sean took another swing as Abel mocked, “Oh Anna forget that Josh guy, and I am a soldier in the Double U.U”. Sean took another swing, “You would have started naming names if I hadn’t come and stopped you”.

They mockingly fought for several more minutes until their bedroom door burst open. Their father stood there, his hair disheveled as his cheeks wobbled slightly, “what is going on in here”? Sean

138
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

had to untangle himself from Abel’s head lock, “nothing dad”. His father’s wide eyes lessened slightly, “dad, what’s going on exactly”? He stared at them, “look you know we are in the resistance and we know you kids wouldn’t rat us out”. Abel took two steps forwards, “well then let us in, we want to fight”. His father shook his head, “You don’t even know why we are fighting. Not even the very reason for the resistance”. He pointed to Abel, “You were too young when the reason for a resistance presented itself ”. He turned to Sean, “and you,” Sean gave a quick, “Me? I am not a fighter”. His father retorted, “Good you keep your head in those books especially during your Conscription. You were nothing but a twinkle in your mother’s eye when the reason came around”. “Ok dad, but why couldn’t you just let me test out of it,” Sean watched his father wave his hands, “not this again Sean, please I don’t have the strength”.

Abel shook his head, “Does knowing the reason really matter in the end? I served my time . . . done my service. Whether or not I know the reason is regardless I have my own reasons”. His father look stunned, “Your reasons are of small scale, how can you die for something that you don’t truly believe in nor understand”? Abel shook his head in disappointment but his father gave a little reassuring smile. “Now come out here. We need you to run an errand for us”. Abel clapped his hand together, “so you are going to give us like a test or something”?

He exited the room without a response as Abel followed leaving Sean trailing behind them both. They entered the kitchen again as all the people immediately grew silent. The large red monkey painted on the wall smiled stupidly at them, “we need you to something for us”. Abel clapped his hands, “you bet . . . I’d do anything for the resistance”. Their mother came forward, “this is not a joke boys this serious . . . our entire plan rely on you completing this mission”.

139
ROBBY RICHARDSON

Abel clapped his hands, “what is it,” their mother moved closer, “will you risk your lives to see this mission completed”. Abel nodded, Sean shrugged, “I’ll do my best”. Their mother’s eyes narrowed as she seemed satisfied by both their responses. She pulled out of her pocket a small piece of paper, “I would never want my sons fighting with us but . . . I need everything on this list and I need you to pick it up and bring it here as soon as possible”. “Yah mom, don’t worry Sean and I are ready to help at a moments notice”. “I don’t know about a moments notice, I just don’t think I really want to join the resistance, but I will help my family out”. Her mother nodded, “In these dark times that is all I can ask from you”.

Handing Abel a piece of paper, his eyes widened as he stared down at the list. As his eyes traced the list, he grew more frustrated and rolling them as they returned to his mother. “Are you serious,” their mother smiled at him. “What is it” asked Sean who took the paper. “A grocery list,” her mother nodded, “how can I make a meal for the family if I don’t have food in the house? How will our soldiers keep their strength and think straight when their bellies aren’t filled”? “But we aren’t your errand boys. I thought you had a real mission for us . . . to help the fight.” Her mother shrieked, “And you are, now go and be quick”! There father handed Abel some money, “come on this is embarrassing,” yelled Abel. There mother ignored them, “just go”. She slapped them both on their bottoms. As they walked out the door, Abel looked extremely upset and had a bad attitude the whole way down.

“This is so embarrassing,” he said as they made their way to the street. The streets were rumbling with passing cars as the bright street lights gave off an almost unbearable luminescent light. “I can’t believe they gave us a grocery list,” Sean rolled his eyes, “would you knock it off already, your always trying to get us to join their

140
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

little group”. Abel actually stopped and turned to Sean, “You think that you know shit about it but truth is you know exactly what I know . . . shit, alright? So quit acting like this and let’s just go get these groceries for the family”. Sean turned and began to walk leaving Abel standing on the sidewalk as several people passed him without a further glance. The look of a large muscular man with broad shoulders yelling was not a threatening sight but defiantly one to draw attention. “OH so little brother is going to tell me his story,” Abel ran forward as they walked towards the grocery story several blocks away. “So what makes you think you understand it more than I do? Abel grabbed his shoulders, “I know more about it than you could possibly imagine. I read about the economy collapsing and society falling into anarchy.” Sean’s eyes widened as he began to walk towards the store and a faster pace, “I’m not listening! I have no idea what you are talking about”! Abel pushed him, “please you know exactly what I am talking about and you know what they are doing up there isn’t part of the,” he voice lowered, “the U.U . . . you never take down the banner nor change your color”.

A loud siren could be heard as it seemed to screech off of the large skyscraper buildings. A large black helicopter flew by as the faint letters could be seen, D.O.H. “District Observation Helicopters,” exclaimed Abel who seemed temporarily distracted. “Wonder what they are up to,” Sean turned from the chopper, “I hate living near the border! I wonder what life is like for those in the outskirts of the city”? Sean trotted along as large Security Trooper vans began to pull around at a large apartment complex. Then out of nowhere a loud screeching of tires could be heard as Military Police began swarm on the intersection. “What the hell is going on,” Sean’s sentence was lost to the blaring horns as the Military Police stopped and exited their vehicles. Their black uniform with an additional hat was

141
ROBBY RICHARDSON

an ensemble that demanded respect. The police began to rope off the area as more seemed to come from every corner and alley. Sean and Abel were pushed back by a particular ugly looking officer. He grumbled as his gloved hands began to push them back, “alright boys get back, get back”. Security Troopers emerged from the giant van as they began to enter the complex, “what’s going on” asked Sean. The officer glowered down at him his wrinkled cheeks, scared from what looked like shrapnel. “Another outbreak now move along”!

Crowds began to gather around the building and when the crowd grew so thick that the current surroundings were blocked by people’s backs and heads. “Abel let’s get out here, we should really get to the store”. Abel tried to gaze over all the heads but huffed when he realized that it was futile. He nodded and they moved away from all the commotion. They walked by the many store fronts but they stopped at a particular store that contained several televisions out front. It was a news report and a blond haired women’s voice could be heard over the speakers.

“And the coyote Perez Martin was sent to the gallows today to hang for his crimes of trafficking. His body will be cremated shortly after. In breaking news there has been a small outbreak at the Holmes Apartment Complex. Two victims are known to have fallen victim and Security Troopers have been called to the scene. Military Police official’s quoted that ‘the situation has escalated beyond normal routine procedure and Security Troopers were necessary to help contain the situation . . . I am pleased to announce that with the help of Security Troopers the situation is well taken care of.’ As citizens know the occasional outbreak happens from the occasional bird or animal coming into contact with a human. All citizens are required by law

142
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

to report any contact with an unknown animal and submit to testing. The most common carriers are foxes, raccoons, and birds. I also must remind our citizens that any animal seen in the district must be reported to Military Police.”

Abel and Sean continued to watch the new report until the reporter straightened her papers and said, “Well citizens this has been another glorious day in the district. Remember citizens to report any suspicious activity to the nearest Military Police officer. It takes one individual to unit a country. And you could be that individual. Good night”. And with that the screen changed and they lost their sudden interest. “Well I guess that officer was right it was just an outbreak”. They turned as they continued to walk down the street. The two story grocery story came into view. Abel almost crashed into Sean who stopped immediately when his eyes fell upon something in the distance. “What . . . why do you have to stop right in the middle of the sidewalk”? Abel saw what his brother was staring at, the large steel fenced border that rose two stories into the air before stopping at a large barbed wire wrap. The steel wires were thick and almost seemed to glow slightly with the amount of electricity that was being pumped through them. “I can’t believe in one month, I’ll see what’s behind all that . . . that’s just the inner fence right”? Clapping Sean on his skinny shoulder, “yeah then you got dead man’s land and then you got the outer fence”. Sean shook his head, “I just can’t belief something that big is so necessary to our survival”. Abel smiled, “Oh Sean in one month you will know exactly how critical it is.” Sean pointed towards the large fence, “it’s just hard to believe coyotes make their way across that border all the time, Abel clapped him a final time, “When I was out there I always hoped that every person or incident was a walker. I hated busting coyotes, their packs, and their

143
ROBBY RICHARDSON

cargo. After all it was just people trying to find something better”. They made their way into the small grocery store parking lot, “how many undead you think are between here and the Chinese side”? Abel shrugged, “shouldn’t be that many only about a couple million or so. Plus you got walker migration patterns . . . many from the north like Canada and some from the former Republic of Mexico, so that number is probably increasing”.

After reciting the password for a second time, “urban guerillas,” the door opened and their mother’s hand slapped Abel the moment that he finished the password. “Where the hell have you two been, I could have been sitting here all day”. The gripped bags full of groceries, “I am sorry mom but some people don’t believe in owning cars.” They entered the room as she closed the door, “just another way for the government to track our movements and know where we’re going and why we’re going. Thanks, but no thanks we don’t need a car that bad”. Sean took the bags from Abel as their father yelled from the middle of the group, “Abel I need to talk to you”. Abel gave a quick little smile and headed towards their father as her mother gave a soft, “come on Sean let’s get dinner started”.

(Abel’s Perspective)


It seemed to happen in a flash and the whole situation seemed to change. The door blew off of its hinges as it was sent flying forwards into the large kitchen table. It crashed against the table sending the papers scattering to the floor. Loud popping could be heard as if fireworks had been dropped. However when red and dark uniforms entered the smoke, this wasn’t any type of firework. The people surrounding the table didn’t stand a chance as some reached for their weapons. Caine grabbed his son as he forced him into a closet nearby.

144
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Abel watched his father grab the only black pistol and slam the door shot. The remaining poor soul’s actions were futile as they all died in less than mere seconds. “Abel,” cried Sean from a distance as Abel slammed against the door. Their mother screaming, “Come on”!

“Abel that back panel, slides open,” Abel turned to his father, who was clenching his side in pain. “Dad are you . . .” Abel came closer, but his father pushed him, “Abel please just go”. Abel turned back to the wall and began to fiddle around the edges. The secret passage blended with the wall so well that the edges were near impossible. The gun fire had stopped when the edges gave a little pop, releasing from the wall. Setting his foot into the wall, Abel realized it dropped into the wall itself. “And where am I going to take this,” their father clicked the chamber back. “Takes you to the basement, exit out the vent, it will lead you to the street.” The floor boards groaned as Abel watched his father turn his pistol to the door and opened fire. The troopers were beginning to explore the apartment. Caine opened fire upon the door as the splinters clouded the air. The troopers yelled almost robotically, “Shots fired withdraw and take cover”.

Their father inserted his bloody hand into his back pocket and withdrew a thick envelope. “Take this to your Uncle Les,” “Uncle Les but he is dead,” questioned Abel but his father shook his head. “There’s no time listen . . . we have a safe car over near the parking complex by where you guys used to go to school. There will be a public security officer there tell him that you have an appointment to see Mr. Reeds concerning his loyalty. Make sure that Uncle Les get’s this letter, the fate of the resistance now depends on it.” Caine fired several more shots before his gun clicked empty, “And if Uncle Les gives you any problems just mention that you know Project Anarchy”. His father clicked a button that made the empty magazine clatter to the floor. He reached into his other pocket and

145
ROBBY RICHARDSON

pulled out a full one and slapped it inside. “Take this,” he handed Abel the pistol. Abel climbed into the wall as his father grabbed the missing section from the wall and set it back into the wall saying, “if he gives you any trouble just mention the word P.U.M.A.” He thrust the letter into his son’s chest as Abel stared back stunned, “dad don’t do this”! Gun and paper clenched in his hand, “please dad you don’t have to do this,” “I love you Abel” were his final words.

The piece slid into place as his father disappeared behind it. Inside the wall space was limited as Abel yelled “no dad don’t do this”! But when a large crackling of gunfire could be heard, his father’s body was sent hurtling to the back wall. Abel screamed the entire time as tears fell down his face. His hands gripped the thick envelope his father’s bloody fingerprints stained the front. The gun shots ceased as Abel shuffled his way down the wall and made his way to the basement. His father had been right about the vent. He crawled out and found himself in the laundry room. He wished he would have had time to die right there on the floor. He knew his parents were always down to sacrifice themselves for the cause. “I got to find Sean,” exclaimed Abel as he found his balance.

(Sean’s Perspective)


Sean had barely turned his head when the door was heard blowing off of it hinges. The eruption seemed to shake the whole apartment as gun fire replaced the crashing. His mother screamed, “Come on”! Hands began to push Sean towards the ground as the groceries fell to the floor. “Get down Sean, take cover,” Sean fell behind their egg white cabinet as the other members of the room reached for their artillery that would provide no use for them now. Hands gripped Sean’s cheeks as he was turned to his mother, “Listen Sean you need

146
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

to get out of here”. Sean shook his head, “what about you, dad, and Abel”? A single tear rolled down her mother’s eyes, “I’m sure your father is taking care of Abel after all we put that secret passage in the closet for days like these”.
She picked Sean up and ignored his pleas as she opened the window above the sink. “Sean climb out there,” Sean threw her off “and where do I go, what about you?” Shaking her head, “forget me, I am going to hold them off ”! Sean began to climb down the window, “climb down the scaffolding”. “What about everybody else,” his mother pushed him harder, “go they are coming”! Sean climbed out to his mother’s final pleas of “I love you Sean”. Sean cried as he began to run down the steel steps. He took the steps four at a time until he reached the street bellow. He ran down the alley until he tripped over a large wooden board. He fell face first into the dirt, it took him several seconds to try and get up. He began to sob into the dirt as if getting up was not worth the trouble anymore. He almost was prepared to settle in for a long nap until his capture when a voice yelled, “Sean you need to get up”!

Raising his head, Sean saw his familiar broad shouldered brother grabbing the back of his shirt. “Abel?” Abel pulled his brother up, “yeah it’s me, I am glad you’re alive! Where’s mom?” Sean scrambled to his feet and gave his brother a quick hug and shook his head with a somber “And dad”? Abel threw him off trying to stay strong “He’s didn’t make it . . . we got to go now”! The tore down an alley and wedged themselves between a large fence before leaping over a large dumpster. They landed on their feet and began to run down the street leaving their home behind swallowed up by the Federal District’s answer to the resistance, the Security Troopers.

(To Be Continued)

147







Episode #6.5

Captured


Knock!! Knock!! Knock!! “Come in,” a rough voice said as the door opened to reveal a man standing at an oak desk looking through a manila envelope. He looked up and then back down as if the person that entered the room was not even worth his gaze. “Yes Mr. Weatherspoon,” he said in such a lazy uninteresting tone. Mr. Weatherspoon was a short squat man and had a very round face. He tried to smile as if not to show his offense by his boss’s lack of interest. “Mr. Freeman you told me to let you know the moment I knew when we caught Abel and Sean Gatewood.” Mr. Freeman’s eyes had now come to attention. His slicked back gray hair lay flat on his onion like head. The wrinkles in his face turned what Mr. Weatherspoon always hoped was a smile. “Good news I trust,” Mr. Weatherspoon returned the questionable smile, “we have one of

them in the interrogation room now.”

“Wonderful,” cried Mr. Freeman slamming down the manila folder like its contents were mere bronze compared to gold. Mr. Freeman walked around the desk almost hitting over his desk tag which read, Mikov Freeman, Director of District 3 Security and Welfare. He rang his hands in happiness as Mr. Weatherspoon escorted Mr.

148
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Freeman down a busy hallway. Phones were ringing, people were running around fulfilling the many jobs of the district.
“What have the boys said Weatherspoon,” Weatherspoon was much shorter than Mr. Freeman and had to take two steps to compensate for his massive stride. “Nothing sir, he said that he wanted to see a lawyer,” Mr. Freeman laughed which was more like a bark from an old dog. “They are terrorists, traitors to their own country, and . . . well you know the law.” Mr. Freeman walked with a certain demeanor that one could acquire with too much power. Mr. Weatherspoon felt almost mouse like compared to him, “I do sir,” Mr. Weatherspoon gave a boisterous, “thank god for the Freedom Act.”

Mr. Freeman and Mr. Weatherspoon entered an elevator as Mr. Weatherspoon clicked the button to the second floor of the basement. “So you said him? Where is the other one?” Mr. Freeman’s piercing glare sent a huge lump down to his stomach. Mr. Freeman was the type of man that didn’t tolerate disappointment. “Well sir, I . . .” “Stop your sniveling,” barked Mr. Freeman. “Just answer my question,” Mr. Freeman’s happiness was fading. “Well, he got away,” Mr. Freeman rolled his eyes, “but we are looking for him! He won’t get far I can assure that.” The elevator opened, and Mr. Freeman had become silent as he walked down a long hallway that was aligned with windows. There in the middle of the room stood several men dressed in black suits wearing sunglasses. “Deputy Director” called out Mr. Freeman, a smile returning to his face.

Mr. Weatherspoon walked out of the elevator and followed Mr. Freeman at his heels like a dog would follow his master. “How are doing Deputy Director Rover,” he smiled a set of yellowing teeth at him, “please I told you call me George.” His hair was graying and he had a face that looked like it was sculpted by an artist. He was

149
ROBBY RICHARDSON

almost too perfect of a person, his silky red tie, was almost too much from this man. “Has he said anything,” asked Mr. Freeman, whose smile fell at George’s soft, “no, he is not being very cooperative.” George looked through the glass eyeing Abel sitting at a silver table, “well we will just have to MAKE him cooperative.” He smiled back at Mr. Freeman, “thank god for the Freedom Act” George said loudly. Finally taking notice of Mr. Weatherspoon George said “why don’t you go in and interview him? Take my guards with you.” Mr. Weatherspoon now sounded more like a mouse then a man, “what if he won’t tell me anything”? George smiled widely, “that is why they are coming with you.”

Mr. Weatherspoon nodded obediently as he walked past Mr. Rover not daring to look up at him. The Secret Service followed him in leaving one agent behind to guard the Deputy Director and Head Director. “Hello,” said Mr. Weatherspoon, who tried to sound friendly. Abel watched as Mr. Weatherspoon came over to him and sat down in a chair opposite him. The two Secret Service men edged along the wall not taking their eyes off of Abel. “So . . . you have been a very busy person haven’t you Mr. Abel Gatewood?” Abel shrugged saying “I don’t know but my lawyer could tell you.” Abel crossed his arms, and stared back into the brown eyes of Mr. Weatherspoon.

“How about if you just tell me a little about yourself . . . make this a little less formal, alright?” Abel’s face didn’t change as his arms remained crossed replying “lawyer.” Mr. Weatherspoon started to look a little confused but Abel began to smile, “is this your first interrogation?” Mr. Weatherspoon crossed his hands, “no, I have done this before . . . look you can just tell me a little about yourself . . .

I am trying to be nice here. After all I don’t have to ask you anything, I have your file from your Conscription”. Abel uncrossed his arms, and began to wave his hand telling Mr. Weatherspoon to come in

150
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

closer. He eyed him suspiciously, “come here.” Mr. Weatherspoon gave a quick look to the Secret Service agents as they continued their military stare. The Secret Service agents began to shift in their spots as Mr. Weatherspoon leaned in closer to him. “Lawyer,” he said in such a faint whisper that it was barely audible.

Meanwhile outside the room, Mr. Freeman and George Rover were listening, “this kid isn’t going to give us anything.” Mr. Freeman nodded in agreement, “Maybe I should go in and try”? George nodded his head, “Get him out of there.” Mr. Freeman smiled his approval and walked to the door, he entered the room waving out Mr. Weatherspoon. Mr. Weatherspoon walked out of his head low with failure. George sent him upstairs and grudgingly he followed the order.

George heard his phone go off and the Secret Service Agent picked up, “hello?” His voice sounded as tough as he did. “Deputy,” he handed the phone to George who mouthed, “Who is it”? “Dr. Boddale,” George took the phone and gulped slightly, “Yes, what is it Dr. Boddale?” Mr. Weatherspoon was now dragging his feet to the elevator but the Doctor’s voice was loud “Phoenix is ready for testing”. Mr. Weatherspoon got onto the elevator, the last thing he heard before the doors shut was an odd comment indeed. “When will you be ready for human trials,” the doors closed and a shout pierced through the wall, “ten years, the whole state could be gone by then! What do you mean if you had more walkers then the research could go faster”?

However the shouting and anger of George Rover could not be heard in the opposite room. Mr. Freeman was now looking through Mr. Weatherspoons’s manila folder in silence. Abel was confused, “Are going to try and question me too, because I know my rights, and I want a lawyer.” Mr. Freeman raised his head and eyed Abel.

151
ROBBY RICHARDSON

They stared at each other like two dogs would when establishing dominance. Abel knew that this was not a man that he should be trying to intimidate. Abel continued to stare. His stomach was growing uneasy as the terror was filling him up. He was not sure if he could hide the goose bumps that were now forming over his arms. The man looked coldly at him as if daring him to continue to test him. The tension was building inside Abel as he felt it would soak out of his body like sweat on a hot day.

Finally, Mr. Freeman gave a snide, “you’re as stupid as you look with your shaved head . . .” He leaned in closer, “makes your head look like a golf ball”. He closed the manila folder and continued, “Your bravery is very noble, but I am afraid that it is foolish.” Abel thought he could see Mr. Freeman’s nose give a little twitch as if he could smell the fear from him. “I am not going to play games with you, so I am going to be very direct.” Abel smiled trying to show more courage then he had, “Lawyer.” His voice broke as the word seemed to be flicked out of the air like a mosquito. Mr. Freeman turned and slammed his hand on the table, “stop with the lawyer!” Abel couldn’t lie any more. The fear was now showing within his eyes, it had too. Abel felt cold and clammy, “I have the right to a lawyer still. I mean this country still believes in its founding ideals.” “Founding ideals,” Mr. Freeman snapped spitting the words out like specks of hair. “You don’t even know ideals, do you boy? You think because you served all those years in the Border Patrol you know everything”. Abel scoffed which sounded more like a wheezy cough, “the right to a speedy trial, and the right to defend myself . . . those ideals you should be most interested in.”

Mr. Freeman sneered down at Abel like nothing more than a steak to a hungry dog, “what you don’t understand is the Freedom Act and the benefits that it provides.” “Freedom Act,” muttered

152
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Abel trying not to sound afraid of it, “yeah . . . that is for terrorists.” Mr. Freeman smiled devilishly at him, “and what do you think you are?” Shaking his head Abel replied, “No, I am a District 3 citizen and your goons slaughtered my parents, your lucky I don’t come over there and . . .” Mr. Freeman actually chuckled, “and do what exactly?” Abel sat there and stared at the two Secret Service agents, “yeah hide behind your thugs.”

“You killed three Security Troopers,” “Lobsters,” whispered Abel looking down at the floor. He looked up and realized that he had something wrong, “what?” Mr. Freeman just smiled at him, and picked up the manila folder, “Tell us all about Project Anarchy?” Mr. Freeman tossed some papers in front of Abel, who eyed them curiously. “So what, they are phone conversations,” “All made from cloaked numbers.” Abel shrugged his shoulders, “tell me about Project Anarchy,” Mr. Freeman repeated. “Lawyer,” Abel said softly, but this time Mr. Freeman was mad. He threw the manila folder at him, “You’re not getting a lawyer because you’re no longer a citizen . . . you’re a terrorist!” Abel was not sure how loud his voice got but it the Secret Service agents shifted in their spots. Mr. Freeman leaned closer to him as Abel said “I am a legal Federal District 3 citizen. I went to District Two State University. I was born in this District legally. I have papers . . . I have never known a terrorist.” Mr. Freeman screamed loudly, “Your record is a forgery. You weren’t born in any of the Federal Districts’ hospitals. You use terrorist lingo . . .

right in front of me!” Abel began thinking tracing his thoughts like footsteps in the dirt. Slang, what could he have said that was terrorist slang, “Lobster”? He said loudly, and Mr. Freeman pretended not to hear him, “where is your brother Sean”? Abel lifted his head a little higher, “you think I’m crazy . . . I’ll never give you my brother . . . I’ll never talk, you stupid, old pig.”

153
ROBBY RICHARDSON

Abel expected an outrage. He expected Mr. Freeman to grab his neck and start to choke him. However the storm didn’t come, neither did one from the Secret Service agents. Nothing came except a smile from Mr. Freeman, “It seems to me that you and your resistance don’t know the finer points of the Act . . . resistance fighters don’t have the patience to read through the many articles.” He chuckled a little to himself looking through the mirror. “You aren’t going to want to talk, you’re going to want to sing when I am done with you,” and once again those hungry eyes stared down at him like piece of meat to a starving dog. The Secret Service walked closer to him, and the door opened with another agent carrying a couple of handcuffs. “What’s going on,” Abel asked now starting to feel helpless. “You’re going to be a true patriot for the Federal Districts,” muttered Mr. Freeman serenely smiling at Abel’s look of sheer terror as the Secret Service made a grab for him.

“Get off of me,” Abel yelled as the agents grabbed at him. Abel threw one of them off in his struggle but the other reached around grabbing his throat. “What the hell are you doing,” Mr. Freeman stood up as the other agent regained his balance and descended upon Abel. They overpowered him and soon were strapping him down to the chair. “You bastards, cowards, government stooges,” Abel’s words were drowned by the agents withdrawing smiling at their handy work. Abel’s hands were handcuffed to each arm, “what the hell is this, you can’t do this”! Mr. Freeman had not moved from his seat during the scuffle. He straightened out his suit as he stood up, “You see the great thing about the Freedom Act is that . . . we can”. He straightened his cuffs as he began to walk around the table. “You are a terrorist and nothing more . . . and as a terrorist you forfeit all your rights”. Shaking his head, “so now Abel Gatewood you are going to tell us everything you know of the resistance and

154
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Project Anarchy”. Abel spit at Mr. Freeman, who just smiled as he wiped it off like specks of dirt. “I will never tell you anything.” He gave a little chortle, “eventually you will tell us everything, after all whose going to come for a terrorist”?

(To Be Continued in Second Mini-Series)












































155

















The Reality of Muerte




(Outro)

By

Robby Richardson

CARNIVAL DE MUERTE















“I don’t understand, you just leave the hotel room and come back off your rocker? Then we drive all the way back and you don’t say a word the whole journey. Then by the time we get back you

say that you are dropping out of college . . . does that pretty much sum up the situation”? Jason kicked a stone absent mindedly, “it’s just the vacation did me some good made me find my purpose in life”. Jason watched his skinny friend shake his shaggy surfer blond hair out of his face, “we were all hammered and trashed the previous night and that morning you go out to explore . . . come back and find religion”. “Yeah well it was like an epiphany you know? The fresh air did me good,” his friend Erik acted like he hadn’t even taken a break. “And it’s not even a healthy religion, one of those creepy voodoo hoodoo religions”. Jason stepped up closer to him growling, “It’s not mere hoodoo or voodoo, it nothing your little mind could even wrap around.”

Watching his friend take a step back from his sudden aggression, he seemed to freeze a little, “whoa man look don’t get testy with me, just remember I got better grades than your stupid ass in high school”. Snarling still Jason said, “This is Muerte, only those who seek to achieve a higher level of being travel down this road”. “Somebody’s really got a hard on for their new philosophy”. Shrugging Jason turned, “I guess I better take the car back to my sisters, first requirement of Muerte is maturity”. Jason turned from Erik, who raised his hand,

159
ROBBY RICHARDSON

“yo man you aren’t going to sit there and tell me that you think you’re more mature than me”. Jason just smiled, “I guess so after all I plan on being a full out oracle de Muerte”.
Retreating to his car, he found his friend mumbling slightly as Jason opened the door. “Wait Jason,” he stopped as he stared at his tanned friend. “Look man we have been best friends since high school and I don’t want to loose you over something so petty.” He nodded slightly, “You won’t but this is important to me”. Erik couldn’t hide his curiosity, “Look man I’d be willing to try it, what exactly does it entail”? Jason smiled, “I’m sorry dude but I don’t think you are ready for something like this, you can’t just accept it like that. This will truly change your life”. Erik nodded “alright if it is so eye opening then let me try, you know me always down for the next ride”.

Jason rolled his eyes, “You see that is why you aren’t ready. It’s not a ride, it’s a . . .” Jason waved his hands, “a mystical journey”. Jason smiled wider, “well it’s not that cheesy”. Erik crossed, “either way it’s a religion and anything that helps you find a higher power is a religion”. Shaking his head, “no there is no god, no commandments, it helps you discover yourself and become who you are meant to be. To live the way you want to live.” Erik waved his arm, “that’s easy, I just want to live under the sea”. Jason pointed at him, “If you surfed anymore you might as well be growing gills”. Retreating into the car Erik cried, “wait man, I am dead serious, I really want to try it. And I know what you are going to say but I am serious if it means this much to you.” Jason paused as he reached into his pocket and removed a black satchel. “I don’t know, it’s not to be taken in lightly”. Erik smiled, “please dude you know I can handle it whatever it is”.

The seconds seemed to tick by as Jason seemed to really dwell on the subject. He seemed wracked with several emotions, but after what felt like several lifetimes. Jason tossed the black sack to Erik

160
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

who caught it in one hand. “What am I supposed to do with this,” he asked as his hands ran over the velvet smooth fabric. “Use that pipe that you were using all week to inhale that poison inside you,” “poison,” snapped Erik. “You weren’t calling it poison the night before your so called religious enlightenment.” Jason shrugged, “we all got to grow up sometime, call me when you’re done”. He nodded in reply, “call you in five”. “Ha,” barked Jason, “I’ll talk to you in eight hours”. And with those final words, he slammed the car door leaving Erik standing by his car clenching his black bag.

“What a joke,” he sneered as he turned towards his house and headed around the back. His baggage weighed him as he made his way around the house slamming the small silver gate. “Mom,” he bellowed loudly as he grabbed for the door knob. It was locked which meant that she had left for work. “Oh come on,” he yelled as he tugged on the door knob harder. He dropped his bags as he made his way over to the side of his house. He passed by his gold grand Marquee and watched it gleam like a freshly polished brick of gold. He moved over to a rock that hopefully contained a spare key. He inched closer to it hoping that his sister didn’t grab it before she left for work last night. He uncovered the red rock and swore loudly. He threw the rock down in his frustration and gazed at his watch. He was slightly thankful his sister would be getting off her graveyard shift in two hours. Growling he began to pace the yard disappointed in his nap that he was hoping to partake in.

His hand reached into his pocket as he withdrew the black bag, He fiddled with the silver tie and smiled down at it, “I guess it was almost meant to be”. Withdrawing his keys he unlocked his car door and entered the driver’s seat. “Talk about the true meaning of a wake n’ bake,” he began to untie the bag as he watched the sky turn bright orange as if stretching from a slumber. Removing his pipe from the

161
ROBBY RICHARDSON

car lighter which coincidentally resembled a car lighter, he twisted off the bottom as the contents of the black bag began to become visible, a strange gray powder was inside. “What the hell is this shit,” his fingers traced over the powder. They ran through it as it felt exactly like flour, “and you want me to smoke this Jason”? He began to laugh as he looked down at it. He brought it up to his nose. “I am not a snorter Jason,” he began to laugh a little. “Well I guess this is going to need a little help”. He smiled as he reached into his pocket to reveal the final dub sack that he was supposed to smoke with Jason before they went their separate ways. He laughed again, “Leave it up to Jason to all of a sudden to get religious.” How many times had he told him chasing those religions would get him into trouble?

Taking out his bowl and filling it halfway with marijuana and then taking small amounts of the mystery powder. He began to pour more into the bowl until it was filled. He screwed on the bottom piece and raised it to his lips. “What is this called again,” he asked himself as he thought to himself deeply. “Umm,” he asked as he bit his lip in concentration, “it defiantly started with an m . . . right”? He withdrew a lighter and waved it in the air, “come on Jason! What was it . . . Muerte, yeah that’s it”. He flicked his lighter, “well I guess it’s time to get a little religious”. He watched the flame near the other half of the pipe and prepared for his enlightenment. He felt the flame enter the pipe and soon smoke began to flow into his mouth. He inhaled deep from the pipe and heard almost a sizzling from the contents of the bowl. The bowl heated up faster than normal and soon became too hot to handle. The smoke seemed to fill up his lungs to its capacity. His lungs seemed to balloon out to fill up his entire mid-section. He held in the smoke and felt almost his lungs


162
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

sizzling from the inside. It seemed to burn the longer he held it in and felt only relief when the smoke expelled from his mouth.
The smoke was thicker than anything he had ever smoked before. It seemed like a literal cloud was taking shape inside his vehicle. His esophagus burned like acid reflux as he rubbed his chest softly. “Jesus Jason talk about a harsh hitting product”. He took the pipe again, and raising the lighter he took another hit. This one wasn’t so massive but made him choke into his hands. He coughed until salvia ran over his hands, pipe, and lighter. He coughed until mucus began to form a golf ball sized wad in his throat. He spit it on the floor and gazed up to see that the car’s smoke was thick like a fog.

He waved his hand through the mist but nothing seemed to penetrate it. His head felt funny as his brain seemed to be filled with nothing more than helium. He seemed to float a little in his seat as he continued to breathe in the “toxic” air. “Oh my god,” he said as he rested his head back on the head rest. “Wow is this stuff good,” the whole car seemed to disappear as if the whole world was blinded by it. Finally submitting to the smoke he lowered his hand and felt the bowl fall from it. “Man this stuff is good, no wonder he got all religious,” he felt his eyes beginning to narrow as his head almost detached. His body was made of pillows and he felt a smile cross his face.

“Oh my god, this is what life is all about . . . this is all I want in life,” his head slouched as the smoke almost seemed to dissipate from his nostrils. His body seemed limp as a noodle and he couldn’t move even if he was able to. “I hope nobody comes home early now,” his eyes narrowed and closed. “Stupid Jason, I wish he would’ve told me about this sooner”. He felt his words beginning to mumble and soon his speech died into faint whispers. Blackness surrounded him as his body seemed to drift out of the smoke. Although he felt the

163
ROBBY RICHARDSON

fabric of the chair and it seemed to keep his body from floating away.
He awoke with a startle when a soft cry echoed through the car. The bright sunlight and smoke were gone to reveal a picture that he couldn’t place. He seemed to breathe harder as he rubbed his head to try and remember how he had gotten to the bottom of the ocean. The water reflected as the sun shone through the water. His eyes were wide now and his shock had slain his “high” with a crude chainsaw like effect. His attention seemed more focused than he had been the time he went in to take his A.C.T. test.

Words seemed to fail him as he stared out at the scene. “I’m in,” he repeated several times before he finished, “in the ocean”. He began to feel his lungs begin to constrict at the impossibility of this. He saw fish lazily gliding by his window as he saw a giant brown one dive into the sand and burrow under the silt. Seaweed and coral took up several areas as it reminded him of a desktop screensaver. A loud cry echoed through the water and upon closer inspection made the water waver slightly. He turned to see a large whale passing by his car gracefully and as it moved out in front of him. It made its way up to the top which only seemed about 100 feet above him. “This is unreal,” he exclaimed as he began to smile watching the suns rays light up the clear blue ocean. He smiled as he clapped his hands together as the realization of his dream seemed to sweep over him. “I’m under the ocean . . . I’m living in the ocean,” he clapped his hands harder. As he straightened up in the seat all he wanted to do was to get out.

He felt the urge growing inside of him, he just wanted to grab his board and head out into the water. He wanted to swim and feel what corral actually felt like. He wanted to swim and do cartwheel and drift with a tide. He watched as his hand outstretched towards the

164
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

glass, “this is amazing”. His hand reached forward and the coolness of the glass began to press upon his hand. He smiled wider as the water seemed to beckon to him. Soon he wasn’t craving his dream, he yearned for them. His hand connected with the glass and his head felt a jubilation that he had never felt before. Fireworks were exploding as his head and the coldness of the glass only seemed to keep him from floating away in happiness. “Your beautiful, I could stay here for . . .” but his words failed as he watched the glass around his hand begin to crack. The lines began to stretch as he quickly removed his hand. The cracks grew and began to grow wider and increasing every second. “Oh no,” whispered Erik. The cracks grew longer and more jagged, “please don’t”.

The horror of the situation began to intensify as water began to drip out of the cracks. It began to run down the glass and run over the dashboard. “Oh shit,” he yelled as he reached over and placed his finger over the hole. The water halted only for a second and soon his fingers was pushed away by a stem of water from a hole the size of fingerprint would be. “No, oh god,” he yelled as in his haste his hand scrapped against the driver window. He recoiled in horror as a scratch appeared on the window from his gentle graze. “Shit,” he exclaimed as saw to his horror the water beginning to run down the stereo and fill the bottom of the car. “Shit,” he closed his eyes, “this isn’t real . . . it’s not real”! He sat curled in the driver’s seat of his car watching the water slowly seep into the car. “This isn’t real,” he repeated as he closed his eyes and shook slightly listening to the water slowly fill the car. “It’s only the high, it will go away,” he tried to remember how long Jason had said the high was. “Come Erik you gotta wake up. Come on wake up . . . . WAKE UP”!

The End?

165












ACT II


BEHIND THE

MIRROR



-The Edge of Insanity-

[ER]

-Extended Reader-

By

Robby Richardson

















Liquid Glass




(Intro)

By

Robby Richardson

CARNIVAL DE MUERTE















I woke with a startle which would seem abnormal to most people although to me this happened on a nightly occurrence. The only thing that changed over this tedious routine was the timeframe when they happened. It didn’t matter whether it was two, three, four, whatever the time I would always awaken no matter how deep the sleep. I turned to my clock which read in bright red letters, 3:33 am. I rubbed my eyes feeling as if I should go to the bathroom before I attempted to go back to sleep. I ran my hand over my sleepy face feeling relieved that I actually had not awoken from a nightmare. Entering my bathroom, I did my business in silence and was about

to return to bed when I noticed my reflection in the mirror.

I don’t know why I stopped, maybe it was my “apish” like walk or the way I slouched, the result of years of carrying heavy school books to class. There was no slouch in my walk, as a matter of fact my reflection had remained motionless as if watching me the entire time. I stared perplexed at myself as I moved closer. I waved my arm but my reflection didn’t share the same gesture. I could feel my back press against the wall as I watched my own eyes burn into me. I waved my hand again, “not another one . . . I can’t handle dreams like these anymore”. The reflection spoke, “this is no dream”. I shook my head, “this is insane,” I waved my hand again and refrained from doing a little dance, “complete insanity”. “NO,” yelled the reflection

171
ROBBY RICHARDSON

and I could feel my body flatten against the wall as if this would help. “You want insanity . . . I can show you true insanity,” puzzled I stared at myself as he waved his hand, “why don’t you come on over. I’ll show you the edge of insanity”. “The edge of insanity,” my reflection nodded at me whispering, “the very edge of insanity”. My reflection answered my next question before I could even ask it, “just step through and I will show you what lies behind your mirror”.

He didn’t utter another word he stood there as if watching what my next move would be. He gave one last smile and then turned away without a second glance. He walked right through the very wall and disappeared leaving me to stare at the very wall that my back was pressed against. I didn’t really understand my reflection as I made my way over to the empty mirror.
I hesitated as I stared at it wondering if my reflection was ever going to come back. I reached my hand out and place my palm on the surface. It vibrated like a ripple and made the surface resemble that of small lagoon. I recoiled my hand and gazed at the palm of it. It was clean and dry as it had been before. I returned my hand to the surface and watched the ripples begin to form again. “It’s like . . . liquid, but . . . glass,” it was something that I had never seen before. I began to push into the glass as my hand disappeared into its depths. I looked back over the bathroom and fulfilling my curiosity I stepped onto the sink and placed my foot into the mirror. It disappeared into it, the liquid felt cold almost like a cool breeze on a cool summer day. I took a deep breath and looked around one more time, “here goes nothing,” I placed my hand into the mirror and hopped right through it.

(To Be Continued)



172
















Skin Deep




(Urban Legend)

By

Robby Richardson

CARNIVAL DE MUERTE















“Now you little munchkins need to get to sleep,” trying to get the McNamara twins down for the night was like trying to get a gambler to stop gambling. Casey was a normal

teenager, if you counted doing babysitting on a Saturday evening normal. Its true Casey had been babysitting since she was young but the money wasn’t worth it. Casey had a long sheet of black hair that always seemed to roll back into curls no matter how much time she spent straightening it. Her face seemed to resemble a porcelain doll which her mother constantly reminded her of. Although it always remained elusive to her especially when she saw her wide nostrils and wide eyes that bulged like in a constant state of shock. The McNamara twins had always been one of the worst jobs that she had ever taken upon as clients. They were identical twins except for two small differences. Gary had A.D.H.D and was the worst of them. Larry had a wide gap between his teeth from a lost baby tooth. She dreaded the day the tooth would grow back in.

“You guys need to go to sleep, your mom said nine o’clock and she meant it,” Gary was hopping on the bed, “no she didn’t . . . you just got your boyfriend coming over again”. “NO,” she exclaimed helping Larry under the covers. He rubbed his eyes sleepily, “night Casey, thanks for playing with us tonight”. She smiled as he placed his Batman covers over himself, “your welcome Larry, I’ll see you next

175
ROBBY RICHARDSON

week alright”? He nodded and Casey turned to see Gary hopping on top of his bed once again. “Casey and Martin sitting in a tree F-U-C . . . Gary Ronald McNamara if you finish that sentence I swear I’m going to tell your mother”! He smiled, “fine,” “now get into bed and under the covers”. Gary groaned and crawled under them, “is Martin coming over”? Casey shook her head, “no Martin is at work and not going to be able to come over”. Tucking him in tightly she ordered “not another word Gary, now go to bed”! She exited the room but in a soft whisper she could hear Gary repeating his song and just as she shut the door, she knew he had finished it this time.

Suddenly she felt a soft vibration in her left jean pocket and knew her phone was ringing. She grabbed her phone and saw that she had gotten a message from Martin. She smiled as she replied back to his message.

[Martin]

Hey sexy, what are you doing right now . . . missin me?

[Casey]

You know it. Just babysitting wishin you weren’t working [Martin]
Oh yeah, so that means that you are all alone huh? I can get off work early, swing by . . . have some fun?

[Casey]

They won’t be home till twelve, can you get here fast?

[Martin]

Like the wind.


It only took Martin thirty minutes to arrive at the house. She had to admit that he wasn’t that best looking guy with his black hair

176
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

that hung around his eyes like curtains. His hairdo looked as if it had been cut with the help of a mixing bowl. He had black glasses and was a bit of a nerd. However he was one of the most intelligent men she had ever met with the added inclusion of descent money that he constantly spent on her. He was unshaven and was dressed in all black. Although not her first choice she smiled when she saw him, “hey, how did you get off work early”? He smiled as he entered the house, “what . . . no hello”? She smiled, “hello,” and she gave him a little kiss, trying to cop a feel she slapped his hand away. “Not yet . . . now tell me how did you get out of work early”? He shrugged, “I pretty much run my department as long as the work gets done I am free to call my own hours”. “You know, I have been dating you for four months and I still have no idea what you do for a living just your stupid work number. I’m starting to think that you are trying to hide it from me”.

Martin ran his hand over her cheek, “I will in all good time, but since we are on such little time. Why don’t we start to have some fun.” “But Martin,” he placed his finger over her lips, “questions, questions all these questions. I promise that you will know everything in time. I don’t want you to get bored with me so soon”. She tried to speak but Martin leaned in and kissed with such tenderness her questions about his mystery were soon forgotten. The door didn’t even seem like it was closed as they wrapped each other in a passionate kiss making their way to the living room sofa. They kissed for what seemed like seconds but it felt like a lifetime. Martin seemed to be antsy as he began to shuffle with her shirt. She pushed him away softly, “what”? She shook her head, “sorry I can’t,” Martin’s black rimmed glasses fell slightly down his nose, “what do you mean? It’s not like we haven’t done it before”. She gave a flirty little smirk, “no, it’s not that”. He pointed up the stairs, “the kids”? She shook her

177
ROBBY RICHARDSON

head, “no . . . it’s . . . you know a women thing”. Martin recoiled, “oh,” she chuckled, “your face is so priceless. It’s not like it’s a disease or a contagion or anything”.
“I know it’s just well . . . I don’t mean to be rude but I just really needed some tonight, I feel like I’m going crazy”. She chortled again, “Well that doesn’t mean that I can’t help you out . . . what exactly would you want?” He gave her a look that could not make it planner what he wanted, “nothing your mouth won’t be able to fix”. She gave him a disgusted face, “you know I hate that”. “You said,” rolling her head, “alright, alright, but you better be quick . . . never know with those two upstairs”. He nodded as she just shook her head, “you don’t care, you’re just happy you’re getting yours”. “But Casey,” she lowered his zipper, “you’re just lucky I like you”.

Sunday blew by as Martin was once again stuck at work all day. She didn’t see him at all that day. He promised to meet with her right after school, but there were no promises with that. When Monday came Casey started off her morning with the usual, “stupid school”. However her attendance was necessary if she was to stay in her parents good graces. Her older brother had strayed from the path, which caused them to send him to a military school. She had not seen him in over three years, every day she wished she could see him, and tell him how much he was missed.

Other then a few red bumps around her lips, Casey’s routine went off without a hitch leaving her to be driven by her mother promptly at seven twenty five letting them arrive ten minutes before the bell. She adjusted herself in the mirror applying more make up to the bumps that seemed to be growing in size. She shook her head shaking the foolishness away, and applied more, but no amount would cover them. “Damn pimples,” Casey shut the visor mirror, which just made her religious mother cry out “Language Casey”!

178
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

She stared out the window hoping nobody would be too cruel about her pimples.
“Yuck Casey you’re starting to get moles on your face,” Casey pushed her best friend, “shut up Martha”! Martha was blond and pretty everything that Casey wished she was. She had cherry lips that shone like she had permanent lip gloss. The boys all loved her and with a flutter of her eyes she sometimes could hear their stomachs turn over inside them. “Didn’t you put make up on them,” pulling out her compact she stared at her reflection, “oh my god”! She stared hard at her red sores that were as big as small marbles. “They were not that big before . . . I think . . . I think their growing,” “growing” snapped Martha, “whatever they are I would go to the nurse about them . . . could be herpes”. Casey dropped her compact as she stared at her, “herpes,” she repeated chewing on her straw from her soda, “herpes”?

It didn’t take her long to sprint from the table and make her way down to the nurse. The dreaded Nurse Camilla, an overweight lady that had worked at the school since the day she left school. Hair like swamp moss with a nose the size of a cucumber. She seemed tired by her job and as Casey knocked on the door her tired, “what can I do for you” made her seem bipolar too. She lazily rose from her table her mood uninterested as she looked annoyed from being taken away from her People magazine. “There’s a problem with my lips . . . or, the area around my lips”. She walked closer, “well let’s just take a . . .

Jesus”! Her eyes rested upon them as her hand clenched her chest. “I, I don’t know what that is,” she took her by the arm and moved her to a leather examining table. She sat upon it as the nurse examined her, “its not herpes is it”? The nurse shook her head, “no, no dear, they sure don’t look like cold sores”. She examined harder, “I don’t know what they are. I have never seen anything like that,” she moved

179
ROBBY RICHARDSON

closer as she placed a glove on her hand. She examined the bumps, “I really am stumped. Would you give me permission to examine one”? “What does that involve,” she held up a sterile scalpel, “I just want to make a little incision”. “You want to cut me”? She waved the knife, “my dear the bumps are literally twitching,” “do it then”! She leaned in and said, “You’re going to feel a slight nick alright”?

She leaned into the sore and gave it a small incision. “Did you cut me yet,” “yes my dear,” frozen in her spot she gave off a confused, “oh . . . I didn’t feel anything”. “Wait . . .” she froze as she began to pick at the sore, “I see something”. She continued to poke and then she dropped the scalpel and recoiled in horror. Her mouth was open in disgust as she seemed to want to vomit in her mouth. “What, what is it,” but Casey didn’t have to look hard to see what the problem was. A small maggot lay in the middle of her jeans, she screamed as she realized that sores in her mouth were actually maggots. “GET EM OUT,” she screamed as she began to rip at her face, “I will,” the nurse screamed, “GET EM OUT”!

“I think that I’m gunna be sick. Maggots . . . how, why?” Martha looked disgusted as she started to turn green, “your face looks like it was hacked up. No wonder they had to get parent’s position”. “I need you to drive me someplace,” ‘I can’t I have cheerleading today”. Casey moved towards her as the parking lot began to empty with cars. The day went by quick when you sat waiting for parental consent and the nurse draining pores filled with maggots. “I don’t care if you’re meeting the president. I had maggots in my face, your driving me someplace . . . you hear?” Her eyes widened as her mouth opened comically, “um . . . alright, where exactly,” “we are going to go see Martin,” “MARTIN”?

“A funeral home . . . the stupid address he gave you is a funeral home” replied Martha twenty minutes later, “I . . . I didn’t know, I

180
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

should’ve asked”? Martha continued to sound disgusted as Casey exited the vehicle and walked up to the small funeral home. A sign on the door clearly indicted that they were closed. She pulled on the door and shook it several times. All the lights were off except for one behind a door at the end of a long hallway. Curiosity over how she got this disgusting disfigurement moved her around the corner as her rage seemed to build inside her. How does a person get maggots buried in their skin? It just didn’t happen to normal people. She moved around the back and found the back door unlocked. She moved around a small kitchen and made her way to the door she had seen with the light on, “Martin you here,” she called out but loud music seemed to come from the basement. She gritted her teeth as she made her way to the door, “I’m gunna kill him”.

She began to move down the old stairs as the music seemed to drown the creaking of them. She heard a low rocking in the background and decided to proceed on. “Martin,” she called out again, but knew he was down there by his raggedy breathing. She growled and made her way down the stairs “Martin I swear to god I’m going to kill you when I find out . . .” she stopped and fell to the ground in sheer terror. The answers to her serious illness were clear, she vomited, “Martin you’re sick”! Martin had become close with the bodies he prepared for grieving families. His sweating body lay naked on top of a marble white corpse, “Casey what the hell are you doing here”!?!

The End?








181

















Skin Deep II




MAGGOTS

(Urban Legend)

By

Robby Richardson

CARNIVAL DE MUERTE















Knock . . . Knock . . . Knock . . . There came several steps on the polished wooden floor when a figure appeared from the depths of the kitchen. Dressed in blue jean overalls and a white tee, she glanced up the stairs stretching the wall of the small ranch style house. She moved to the front door and peered through the peep hole. A man dressed in a black leather coat and hair greased towards the back standing with a six pack of beer in his hands. She felt herself smile as her smooth face began to burn. She tipped on her toes in her excitement but her enthusiasm must have been visible for a small

voice said from behind her “who . . . whose that at the door”? Turning around sharply she recognized the once gapped tooth
boy whose new teeth were coming in crooked. The talk about the expenses of braces was a frequent conversation within the McNamara family. His name was Larry and he was one half of the “terrible two” or the McNamara twins. He had hair like a muddy mop and this sagging eyes were bloodshot, “Larry, why did you get out of bed? It took me an hour to just get you in there”. There came another set of knocks, “who’s there”? There came a loud stomping down the wooden stairs, “oh, mystery man at the door . . . looks like Jamie’s about to score”. “GARY,” shouted Jaime, “babe come on its cold out here”. “Get up stairs and go back to bed,” she snapped to the smaller sized boy with hair like woven cloth. His face was like a photo copy

185
ROBBY RICHARDSON

of Larry’s but Gary looked alert and ready. Thanks to his A.D.H.D. Gary was the handful and knew the terror he could cause. “Get up stairs,” Gary shook his head, “no strangers are allowed in the house”! Thrusting her finger up to the top of the stairs, “Get back to your room . . . Why do you guys cause so many problems?”
Gary gave a little shrug, “you’re gunna get into trouble like our last babysitter did”? “No because your last babysitter was a freak. Now get upstairs”. “Our parents told you no boyfriends,” “and you aren’t going to say a word. Do you understand me?” Gary clapped his brother on his shoulder, “or else what Jaime”? Jaime’s finger wavered a little, “because your parents don’t believe half the stuff that comes out your mouth . . . they wouldn’t believe you. Now get upstairs before I call your parents and tell her that you two were caught smoking your father’s pipes again”.

Gary’s literal boisterous smile faded, “tattle tale . . . you’re a liar, liar”. “Yea but your parents know your ways. You’d have a hell of a time convincing them. Now stop arguing with me and get upstairs to your room”. Larry’s eyes were closing as he seemed to falling asleep on his two feet. “Buy us a pizza next week and let us stay up,” Jaime rolled her eyes, “alright, alright, but you better stay upstairs”. Gary smiled and Larry began to return to his room, “Make sure he wears a condom”. “GARY,” shouted Jaime as he laughed, “Don’t want to end up like Casey”. He gave one final laugh and scurried up the stairs slipping several times. Jaime turned and gave a smile as she opened the door. The humidity of the evening hit her like a punch in the face but a man dressed in a black leather coat wrapped his arms around her. The cans of beer rattled together, “hey gorgeous”! She let her hand trace down the back of his coat, “hey Memphis what’s up”? She kissed him as his scruffy beard scratched at her face,


186
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

“so how long do we have”? She shrugged, “couple hours,” “good,” he whispered as he leaned in and began to kiss her neck.
His hands moved up her overalls as she pushed away, “we have to wait a little bit before the terrible two go to sleep”. His sliver earring dangled as his button nose wiggled in confusion, “so what exactly are we going to do in the mean time?” She shifted on her feet playfully, “well we could get a little drunk”. She pulled off a can and popped the top with a hiss. “Who said you could have some,” she took a swig and smiled “I could say the same thing to you”. She walked towards the kitchen her eyes never leaving him. She backed all the way to the kitchen as he followed her lead.

His combat boots slammed noisily on the wooden floor as he approached her popping the top of his own beer. She drank her beer as he took the length of the kitchen in two steps. His arm shot directly behind her as he pulled her in close to her. She drained her beer in one gulp and placed it on the counter as Memphis returned to her neck letting his lips trace across it. She looked up at him knowing her green eyes always made Memphis’s blood to bubble. It was the sweet innocent face, the “take me face”. He leaned in and began to kiss her softly on the lips. Their passion began to run wild fueled by the beer the Memphis drained when his coat fell to the floor. Their clothes were torn within the heat of it and after several blissful seconds Memphis was hoisting her up onto the counter. “You got any lube,” she whispered into his ear, “lube, lube? You got to be joking?” She ran her hand across his cheek, “you got to use something. After all you don’t want me in any pain do you”? He smiled as he gave a seductive, “well maybe just a little pain wouldn’t hurt”?

“We need lube,” he shook his head, “I don’t know what you want? You even told me not to bring Jimmy’s,” “but you still had to

187
ROBBY RICHARDSON

bring lube. You act like we haven’t had sex before”. He shrugged, “I don’t have any on me”. “We’ll I guess we are just going to have to put Mr. Bojangles back in his pants”. “No,” he exclaimed, “I’m sure we can find something”. She scoffed as she slid her finger down her chest seductively, “like what”? She began to giggle as he stared around the room looking for something, “you’re so cute when you want some”. He opened the refrigerator and began looking around inside, “ah ha”! Her face turned to a smile as he pulled out something that made his excitement double. Mayonnaise was written across the label, “mayonnaise . . . mayonnaise . . . YOU have got to be joking”? He frowned at her, “what’s the matter”? “What’s the matter” she repeated as if the answer was blatantly obvious. “Your not making a sandwich,” he smiled, “no but it will work. Just take a shower afterwards”. “I don’t know, it’s awfully gross,” he shrugged, “its all we got”. Biting her lip, she thought on it “well . . . alright just hurry up before I change my mind.”

“I thought you said they were going to be home in a couple hours,” panic was in the air as the McNamara’s garage door opened. “Get your clothes . . . hurry Memphis”! Scrambling to get their clothes on Memphis was hopping on one foot trying to place his boot on. “Grab the cans and six pack, head out the door when you see the garage door close, I’ll head them off ”. She turned to head towards the garage but felt something hold her back. She stopped and turned over her shoulder, “hey I’ll give you a call later”. She nodded, “just go,” he released her as she hurriedly moved towards the garage, “hey Jaime,” she stopped again, “thanks”. She shook her head, “you don’t have to thank me every time. Now go”! She ran around the kitchen and moved down the long hallway. The door opened and two figures came through the door. Keeping them in that hallway took all her skill but she managed to get a whole five minutes. They moved past

188
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

her, “well you know where the sodas are. Why don’t you grab one before you head home tonight? We will write you a check”. “That’s fine Mrs. McNamara,” Jaime moved past her as she reached down to scratch at a burning sensation that was now coming from her “area”. “Why is the mayonnaise out of the refrigerator,” “oh . . .” biting her lip she grabbed a soda from the garage.

Jaime had not seen or heard from Memphis in two days. School had gone slowly and the days seemed to crawl by. Deciding to put him behind her, he didn’t cross her mind until he was brought up on the third day at lunch. The cafeteria was filled with the eruption of voices with high school seniors, but their conversations where meaningless. “Mayonnaise . . . You guys are really sick you know that”? Jaime could only shrug, “it’s all we had at the time”. She watched her friends rat like face squeeze together, “gross . . . you could have used something . . . anything!” “Well we used it. So there is no use complaining about it now. Besides when I got home I took a shower”. Her friends short rat like hair seemed to stand on end, “yeah but it still . . . you know sat in there for a while”.

“Yeah well I still washed it out good but it did give me a rash,” she smiled at her friends, “whoa, whoa way too much girl. Don’t be scratching at it next to me in science class like you were all through U.S. History. God it was like watching you digging for a lost treasure”. Jaime turned from her friend as her face turned red, “I . . . didn’t know anybody could see”. “Yeah well Marissa and I had a good laugh,” Jaime grew even more embarrassed as her forehead began to glisten in a nervous sweat. “I . . . I . . . I can’t believe you saw that,” “you should go see the nurse, you really should”. Shaking her head, “no, I’m sure it will clear up by tomorrow”. “Yeah well dig even harder and you might even find the lost city of gold in there,” “HEY”! Her friend Rita could only smile, “at least you did it over

189
ROBBY RICHARDSON

your skirt. I hope you at least wear underwear”. Jaime’s face turned even redder, “Jaime what the hell is wrong with you? And at school”? Jaime could only begin to laugh, “I’m sorry, I didn’t have any clean pairs, besides I’m gunna do laundry when I get home”. The bell rang with her friend Rita exclaiming, “I hope you do, I don’t need to see that you know”. They rose from their seats, “hold up Rita I gotta get my bag”! Rita was already disappearing into the heard of students. Jaime grabbed her back pack from underneath her seat and noticed a small rice like creature wriggling on the white seat. She grabbed the bag and pulled away in disgust. Even the students began to notice shouting “Oh that’s so gross” or “Maggots in the food, oh I’m going straight to the principal”.

The school day passed and Jaime’s “digging” had grown more and more frequent as the day went on. By the time night had fallen her private area had become red and inflamed. The look of it made her gag a little and as her concerns over the maggot in the cafeteria began to play on her thoughts. The thought of maggots being in the food that students were eating was a revolting thought. Her nails began to scratch again, “If the medicine that she put on did not help, she would have to go see a doctor”. Trying to push that delightful conversation with her mother out from her mind, she retired to bed an hour later. Memphis had called her which cut an hour into her sleep. Memphis apologized and spent half the time explaining the “crazy” situations that had been keeping them apart. Unsure about forgiving him so quick she gave a simple, “alright Memphis, we’ll talk tomorrow, if you remember”. He quickly responded, “I will . . .

promise”. She hung up her cell and curled under the covers trying to ignore a now throbbing situation going down below. She had to cringe slightly. She closed her eyes tight as the burning soon turned into a throbbing her decision had become clear, tomorrow

190
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

her destination was the hospital. The pain began to dull until finally it disappeared. Her dreams swept through her head, she was dancing in the middle of a large party.
People crowded all around her, nobody gave her the slightest bit of attention. The music blared as she saw Memphis handing her a drink still in his black leather jacket s. “I got you some punch,” she took it with confusion, “Memphis what are we doing here”? He raised the glass and began to drain the contents, “Memphis what’s going on . . .” her words died as she watched him drink his punch like chunky milk. He lowered the drink, “great punch”. He turned to her and Jaime released her cup in horror at the sight of a large maggot crawling between his lips. She took a step back, “you spilled your drink”. She gazed down at hers, which contained hundreds of maggots covering the dance floor. They spilled out her cup, “YUCK”!!!!

She rose from her bed her body covered in sweat as she ran her hand through her hair which was tangled in knots. She must have been thrashing in her sleep, but her attention from her hair was soon drawn towards the pain down below. Somehow the pain seemed to be ebbing, feeling jubilation at the thought of her rash final disappearing. She ran her hand down underneath her shorts but felt something like a handful of wet rice. Her eyes opened wide as she felt the rice wiggling in her hand, “oh my god”. Her whispered terror sent shivers down her body she removed her blanket as she saw her shorts moving in the darkness. They began to appear from behind a dark cloud as the beams of the moon illuminated her tiny bedroom. She raised her shaking hand in horror as she watched the tiny insects fall from her hand. She raised the other hand and saw the same bugs crawling over her tiny fingers. “OH MY GOD,” she screamed as she saw the maggots crawling out of her shorts and

191
ROBBY RICHARDSON

didn’t need to take a second glance at where they were coming from. Her eyes darted from hand to hand as she screamed at the top of her lungs, “MAGGOTS”!!!!

The End














































192
















Mirror on the Wall




By

Kyle O’Reilly

CARNIVAL DE MUERTE








Mirror on the wall standing here again, Through all the rain, you’ve been my only friend

Through storms and rising tides, everyday so kings may rise The stars must fall, so to sacrifice it all to form creation.

If I look into you, who are you, everyday that’s a question that I have to ask Loneliness forever lasts, when my thoughts dwell on my haunted past

Be good or better at it, no middle ground nor average Enough is never enough and enough is never good enough

Mirror on the wall, I kneel before you again Crying through the pain, it never seems to end.

On and on I go, lie before a broken road, my story unfold No one by my side, the mirror leaves me mesmerized

The wonders that lie inside and behind reflect the pain that lies in hide.

The value of a dream a price paid with an ultimate sacrifice.


Mirror on the wall broken before me again.

Salvation through pain, confident through the stormy rain Learn the truth to live and fight another day.

Enough is the glass that becomes incomplete, to have your world beneath my feet The ending couldn’t be more realer to find yourself looking good in a broken mirror









195

















The White Rabbit




(Urban Legend)

By

Robby Richardson

CARNIVAL DE MUERTE















It was nearing eight at night as Carla pulled up to the second story residence of the Donaldson house. It seemed just in time as well her old Honda car didn’t run the same since she had hit that pot hole a month before. She had always been meaning to fix that but with the current pressures of college applications and her upcoming S.A.T and A.C.T her life was in a hectic situation. Pulling over to the curb she growled as she slammed the car door shut. The neighborhood lay empty as it seemed everybody was out having a good time. Every house that lined the street was dark as the very night seemed to egg on everybody. Playing off a nice breeze as the large willow tree in the Donaldson’s front yard swayed in it. “Stupid car,” she kicked the door as the car started to make an unusual clunking sound. “OH what now you stupid hunk of junk,” she kicked the tire but when she felt her toe become stubbed she yelled with pain. She had forgotten that she was wearing sandals at that moment and the curses that left her mouth would have made a sailor cringe in disgust. She bent over and rubbed her throbbing foot. After several gentle caresses of her toe she stood back up and headed up the driveway. Removing a braid from the numerous amounts on her wrist she tied her long

silky black hair into a long ponytail.

She made her way up to the door as she gave a small knock. Even though the sun had set Mrs. Donaldson opened the door and

199
ROBBY RICHARDSON

exposed her small sanctuary to the mysterious night. The small suburban neighborhood was quiet and let its residents fear nothing in the dark. Mrs. Donaldson was older as her graying hair was curled into a bun like a pile of wet spaghetti noodles. Wrinkles appeared on her face but her eyes and smile were as bright as her personality which could have melted ice. She was dressed in an outfit that looked to be fitting for a golf themed country club. A salmon colored vest draped over a button down white shirt and a salmon themed skirt which hung down to her wrinkled ankles, “Carla, I am so glad you are here I thought you weren’t going to make it”. “I am sorry Mr. Donaldson my car doesn’t run like it used to,” she bit her lip as she stared at her car. “My dear, I completely understand how is your other job going,” “it’s a nightmare with school and all . . . Mrs. Donaldson would you mind if I came in my jean jacket is really tight and I would like to take it off ”. With a quick intake of breath Mrs. Donaldson moved to the side, “I am so sorry my dear you watch over our kids so often I forget that sometimes you are the babysitter”.

Walking into the warm house, “I appreciate the sentiment Mrs. Donaldson,” the small foyer was filled with buckets of paints and tarps. “Were you guys painting,” she beamed, “Arthur said that I could remodel the upstairs and the kids needed new rooms just wait until you see them”. An older gentleman marched from under the stairs a container of yogurt in his wrinkled hand. His skin seemed to hang loosely as he looked like a man who had lost a lot of weight in a short amount of time. “Arthur William Jennings Donaldson what do you think you are doing”? Her bald headed husband froze as his large coke bottle glasses slid off his nose in shock. He fumbled with them staring at his wife who had placed her hands on her hips. “What do you want from me women you said eat healthy I’m eating the disgusting crap”! She shook her head, “You are going to

200
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

spoil your appetite”. “OH god forbid I spoil my appetite for my upcoming salad,” she raised her finger “Arthur mind your tone we have company over”. His eyes rested on Carla, “hello Carla, I am afraid there is nothing to eat in this house so I left you some money for a pizza”. “Arthur,” growled his wife but he turned as he licked the container clean. “It isn’t for me, why should she have to suffer,” his wife turned to her and gave a little smirk. “I know you Arthur you are going to come snorting around in the middle of the night and start sneaking pieces while I’m sleeping”. He gave an unconvincing shake of his head, “no dear I would never do that”. She nodded, “I am sure you wouldn’t, now go and get in the car”. Shaking his empty yogurt container, “quite telling me what to do I am not a child”.

And with that he gave a final smile to her, “it was good to see you dear, the kids are watching television you know everything already we will see you tomorrow morning”. As he exited the room Mrs. Donaldson just smiled as she shook her head, “god I love that man,” she turned to Carla. “You’re going to be alright aren’t you being here overnight?” Carla nodded, “very good why don’t you go upstairs and get reacquainted with the new design the kids should be fine for awhile, take care dear”. Mrs. Donaldson gave her a hug as she pulled away slowly, “and if you do order that pizza make sure to finish it Arthur has lost ten pounds and lowered his cholesterol by 3 points.” She smiled and gripped Carla’s shoulders a final time and left the room. Deciding to take up Mrs. Donaldson’s offer Carla headed up the stairs finally relieving herself from the constriction of her jean jacket. She moved up the stairs and passed by the closet mirror. Catching her reflection she stopped to remove the single strand of stray black hair from her ocean blue eyes. The second floor had been completely redone giving the old loggers cabin look an updated modern version. Each room had been redone and filled with

201
ROBBY RICHARDSON

the latest in technology. She laughed when she saw that the rickety oak desk that sat in the Donaldson’s bedroom adjourned with the old iron typewriter had been replaced by a large cherry desk. “A computer,” she laughed “I never thought I would see the day”.
The Donaldson twins had received a bunk bed set but the strangest room was the daughter’s room. A Miss Stephanie Donaldson who was currently residing at her usual month long summer camp retreat had her room redone as well. Carla smiled as she stared around at the Easter themed room. The walls were painted in a light purple and yellow as every inch of the room seemed covered with rabbits. The shelves were lined with stuffed animals, all rabbits of every size, shape, and color. Purple rabbits holding red hearts, yellow fluffy bunnies holding oversized orange carrots, pink bunnies, red bunnies, small green bunnies, it was uncountable.

She walked into the room as she laughed a little taking one of the rabbits in her hand as she looked it over. “Jesus it’s like a regular bunny farm in here,” she circled the room until she saw an over sized rabbit sitting in the corner with a pile of stuffed rabbits sitting around and on its lap as if preparing for a bedtime story. The largest rabbit sat with a huge buck toothed smile as its sky blue eyes seemed to twinkle in falseness. Its head rested upright as it seemed to stare at her. She didn’t like it. It was by far the creepiest thing in the room. She stared at the bed that Mrs. Donaldson insisted on her spending the night in. Maybe she would end up just sleeping on the couch like she wanted to. “Carla . . . Carla . . .” came the yells of the two most rambunctious boys that she had ever known. She gave one last disgusted look at the room hoping that it would be the last time that she saw it. Heading out into the landing she was nearly tackled by two boys who immediately began their tirade of requests. “Alright, alright slow down you two,” a curly black haired boy with

202
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

freckles on his face and five missing front teeth wiped his hand over his pajamas a pair of SpongeBob Squarepants one piece. “You like my new pajamas,” rubbing his cheeks “I think they are really cute on you Billy”. “Silly Billy,” his brother mocked, “And what about you Marcus? Why didn’t you get new pajamas”? The chubby faced boy rubbed his rosy cheeks, “They didn’t have any in my size”. “He was too fat,” Carla rested her hand on Billy’s shoulder, “don’t say things like that about your brother”. Billy just smiled, “we’re both hungry can you make us something”? Removing a loose strand of hair from her face Carla replied “Yeah of course . . . as soon as your parents leave,” Marcus pointed towards the front door, “They already left”. Slapping them playfully on the back, “alright well go downstairs and tell me what you guys want I’ll be down in a minute.”

They smiled up at her and began to run down the stairs not really sure why she was doing it. She crept back into the rabbit den and made sure the giant rabbit was still there. She let out a loud sigh of relief as she saw the rabbit’s wide buck tooth smile remain as it stared at the open the door. “God are you creepy,” she turned from the bedroom and followed the kids down the stairs. Heading into the kitchen to find the boys digging into the cabinets, “what’s wrong with you guys you seem tired”? Billy’s chubby face smiled back, “we were playing all day”. “Oh yeah with . . .” her sentence died when the phone began to ring. She smiled and pointed to the top cupboard, “Check to see if there is anything up there”. The phone rang for the first time and she answered with a “hello Donaldson residence”. A soft breathing and a voice as soft as a whisper said “little bunny better run in fright for the hunter lurks within the night”. “Excuse me,” the breathing continued “is this some kind of sick joke”? Slamming the phone she had to shake it off and replied, “Wrong number dear” to Billy’s confused stare. Placing the incident in the back of her

203
ROBBY RICHARDSON

mind, she made a grilled cheese with a side of macaroni and cheese complete with chocolate milk shakes for dessert. The Donaldson children were full to burst as Carla was able to get them to settle on the couch watching a rerun episode of Fresh Prince of Bel Air. When the credits began to roll Carla grabbed Billy’s chubby foot, “why are you guys so quiet I had to take a nap before I came to make sure I could keep up with you two”. They sleepily looked up at me both curled up under a large Buzz Lightyear blanket. Billy rubbed his chubby fist into his beady eyes. “Alright let me tuck you guys in your parents are going to be here tomorrow morning,” dragging up two sleepy boys to bed was not an easy task. But finally after slipping them into their beds she whispered a good night and shut the door.

Trying to stop her concerned feelings of the twin’s mysterious laziness was a hard thought to quell. But when a sudden knocking came from the front door the thought had quickly been lost in the moment. Staring down at the door she saw a shadowy figure rock back and forth on the front stoop. Feeling her stomach tense a little she began to walk down the stairs when the phone began to ring. Rolling her eyes she made her way to the base of the stairs and to the small table containing an antique looking phone “Hello”? “Little bunny better run in fright for the hunter lurks within the night”. “Who the hell are you,” the phone clicked and died the dial tone was all that remained as the knocking continued. Quickly returning the phone she heard a voice yell, “Come on Carla the sprinkler is on”! “Bobby,” she exclaimed in such disbelief as she quickly opened the door as a skinny boy barged in. “Sorry,” he exclaimed slamming the front door. He removed his lettermen jacket as he removed his hat to reveal a wave length brown hair that seemed made from the finest silk. He had brown freckles with a button up nose and large dimples in his cheeks. He had a wide nose and cheek bones that would

204
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

make male models jealous. “I’m sorry they left their sprinklers on,” examining his body he whined, “I got water all over my letters”. Carla scrunched up her face as she wiggled her nose, “oh poor baby”.

He smiled “I am glad to see that you care”. He outstretched his arms but she rested her hand on his chest, “What the hell are you doing here, I am working”. Bobby chuckled, “You’re babysitting,” frowning “it’s still working”. They stared at each other, “so what are you doing here Bobby”? Removing his jacket, “well I got out of practice and had to take a shower. Why would you want me to come over all sweaty”? “No, I didn’t want you to come over at all,” “well that is not very nice to say”. She growled, “Jack could come over and what if he catches you here”? “So what I can take him,” throwing her hand through her hair. Her frustration was getting to her, “It’s not a matter of taking him, he could,” Bobby waved his hand “he is nothing”. “He is my boyfriend . . . you and I are done,” taking a step back, “hold on there . . . done”? She nodded, “I am with Jack can’t you get that through your thick jock head”. “Yeah well this thick jock head didn’t get any indication that we were done,” “we are done” she retorted. “And were we done when you snuck into the shower room after practice the other day”? “Well . . . I” she began to stammer. Seizing his chance Bobby pressed on “and what about the time in my garage . . . or Rickie’s party while Bobby was in the other room”.

There came a loud creak from upstairs as Carla turned quickly up to see a deserted hallway. “And the time . . .” “Alright,” she said moving closer “You made your point”. “So can I stay,” the silence between them seemed to linger on as she finally gave a flirty little smile, “alright but you have to be quiet”. Ring . . . ring . . . “Jesus,” heading over to the phone she answered with “Donaldson residence”. “Little bunny better run in fright for the hunter lurks within the night”. “Listen you freak I got my . . .” she stopped mid-sentence

205
ROBBY RICHARDSON

when the phone clicked and all that could be heard was a dial tone. She slammed the phone down, “what a creep”! “Who’s a creep,” asked Bobby. Carla just replied, “Some creepy guy that keeps calling here”. Placing his jacket and hat onto the coat hook, “so why is he creepy”? “He keeps saying little bunny better run in fright for the hunter lurks within the night”. Shrugging Bobby walked forward “I have no idea can’t a guy get some grub”? Shaking her head as she chuckled “men . . . food and sex”.

Their conversation turned to school as Bobby complained about his coach and some of the latest gossip. The pots boiled and soon the kitchen became an efficient little delicatessen. As Bobby began to stir up the remaining macaroni equipped with a nice T-bone steak the phone began to ring again. After the fourth ring Bobby gave her a suspicious look, “no I’m not answering it”. Raising a fork he pointed to the phone, “well I think this one you might want to take”. Doubtfully she raised her eye from the left over grilled cheese that she had been picking at. The caller I.D read Donaldson cell 708-555-5748. “Oh my god,” nearly tripping over the stool in her haste she picked it up with a quick “hello Mrs. Donaldson I didn’t expect you to call so soon”. “Little bunny better run in fright for the hunter lurks within the night.” Withdrawing the phone she stared down at it and dropped it like it was a used tissue. She almost shook in a soft terror, “alright this is starting to scare me”. “Call the police,” “and tell them what”? Scoffing as he waved half a piece of cheese saying “That a man is calling your house and harassing you”. She snorted, “pigs don’t do anything you know that”. Removing his steak from the fryer, “It was only a suggestion”.

They both fell silent when a knocking came from the front door. Carla turned to Bobby who had gone slightly pale with shock. “Did you invite anybody else over,” he shook his head as she pointed

206
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

to the closet, “Hide in there”. Luckily Bobby was good at taking orders dropping his almost complete meal he stopped “my stuff is in the hallway”. Waving him to the closet, “I got it” she whispered. Moving to the door she grabbed Bobby’s hat and jacket, “whose there”? “Carla,” her heart seemed to skip several beats, “Jack”? “Yeah it’s me,” heart pumping as she began to shove Bobby’s coat and hat under the couch. “What are you doing here, you know I am babysitting”. Making sure the cushion lay flat she straightened her hair better, “you haven’t been answering any of my calls are you alright”? Straightening her hair more, “I am sorry I have been busy working”. “Can you please let me in this sprinkler is soaking me,” taking a deep breath she opened the door and Jack hurriedly entered the door. Shaking off the water like a wet dog he removed his hood from the sweater. His golden locks and young face gave him the Heath Ledger resemblance that she enjoyed.

“Bobby you shouldn’t be here what if the Donaldson’s come home or the kids wake up and see you,” his blue eyes twinkled so peacefully. “Carla we have been friends since we were kids and dating for years you can tell me anything”. “Just keep it down . . . and you don’t need to worry it’s nothing . . . and nothing is wrong I just have been really busy,” “too busy to give your boyfriend a kiss”? She smiled and gave him a seductive little kiss, “Alright can you go please they could be home any minute”. He took her hand, “I thought they were going to be gone the whole night . . . can’t I stay”? She took her hand and rubbed his cheek, “no I’ll see you tomorrow we can go out then”. His face fell, “Are you sure everything is ok you seem a little nervous”? She shook her head as calmly as she could “no sweetie I just don’t want to get in trouble and loose this job”. “Well there is another car out in front is there somebody here,” hiding her gulp was tricky but with a playful stroke of his locks, “no sweetie just me

207
ROBBY RICHARDSON

and the two boy, the car is probably a neighbor or something”. She saw in horror that Jack was staring into the kitchen as he saw all the dishes and the leftover mess. “You certainly made a lot of food for just three people,” with a flirty giggle “well you know two growing boys”. She patted his stomach playfully his attention was drawn back to her. “Hey you’re the one that insists on Dominos at one in the morning and you don’t gain a pound,” she pushed him “hey you like my ghetto booty”. They both laughed, “Listen I really should check on the kids and check in with Mrs. Donaldson can I talk to you later”? “You’re going to call me,” she nodded “I’ll believe that when I see it”. She leaned in and kissed him on the lips, “hold your breath”. He gave a little smile, “I’ll see you soon my little bunny”. He opened the door as she stared at him, “what did you say”? He turned on the stoop, “I’ll see you later,” “no after that”? He smiled “hunny bunny,” she frowned “you mean like a little rabbit”? Slowly rolling his eyes, “I guess but you’re my little rabbit”. Almost speechless she just muttered “ok,” he nodded and smiled “I love you”. She nodded back “Yeah . . . I love you too”.

With a slight pause she slowly clicked the door when the phone began to ring loosing herself in her own thoughts she leaned against the front door. Finally after several rings she regained her composure and answered the phone, “Donaldson residence”. “Little bunny better run in fright for the hunter lurks within the night.” “Who the hell are you? I am going to call the police”. There was a loud click and the phone went immediately dead, “what an asshole”! She slammed the phone down and immediately dialed 911. She let it ring twice until a friendly voice from a loud obnoxious woman answered, “911 emergency,” not really sure how to start off she seemed to fumble with the words until something fell together. “I am a babysitter and I have been getting some harassing phone calls throughout the

208
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

night”. “Mhm . . . do you know the man that is harassing you,” “if I knew that I wouldn’t be calling you would I”? “Alright miss there is no need for the tone is the person male or female?” Wanting to dig her nails into her skin she gritted her teeth and growled “male . . . I think”? The woman on the other line clicked her tongue, “and can you remember anything the person had said”? “Yeah its one message and all it says is little bunny better run in fright for the hunter lurks within the night”. The woman was silent for a couple seconds, “I can try and put a trace on the number but I am afraid that without a threat I can’t go any further”. “And what do you call little bunny better run in fright for the hunter lurks within the night”? “Gibberish is what it sounds like,” stunned Carla retorted “aren’t you going to do anything”? A couple more seconds past “I will put a trace on the line I’ll call back if anything develops”. “In other words you’re doing nothing,” snorting the woman exclaimed “miss I am doing the best I can when I see the previous number call I will . . .” Without even letting her finish Carla slammed the phone down “useless”!

Giving a loud groan she ran her hands over her hair for what seemed like the hundredth time. Steadying herself as she regained her balance she tried to wipe away the goose bumps as she entered the kitchen. With a slight breath and a comfortable lean on the door frame her mind left her as she thought about how disappointed Jack had been when she escorted him out of the house. Vowing to call him in the morning she nearly slapped her forehead when she remembered, “Bobby, yeah it’s ok to come out now”. The closet door opened and Bobby frowned “Jesus Carlz took you long enough”. Biting her finger nail, “one don’t call me Carlz only Jack can call me that, you can just call me Carla. Two if you cared you would realize that the creepy guy called again”. “Is that who you were talking to on the phone,” narrowing her eyes, “no I was talking to the police”.

209
ROBBY RICHARDSON

Closing the door behind him, “and what did they say”? She shrugged “nothing,” Bobby came closer “so why can’t I call you Carlz”? “God are you dumb, I told you Jack only calls me that . . . and if you hope of getting anything tonight you would do wise to shut up and don’t ask me anymore questions”.
The rest of the evening was filled with laughter and smiles. Even though Bobby put on amazing juggling skills and his own personal impression of Bill Cosby the real issue seemed to be playing deep within her. As they lay under a blanket and held hands Carla could see this issue flame in his eyes. She knew he wanted to ask about her boyfriend, he wanted to know why she was doing this. She knew the question before it was even asked. Why was she doing this to a guy that clearly cared about her? But in truth she knew that tonight he wouldn’t care a thing about him.

As the first morning hours began to open, Bobby and her were going at it like they had never experienced sex before. Bobby had held her in his arms as they kissed so passionately Jenna Jameson would have turned in disgust. She had to whisper to him, “You got to keep it down the kids are sleeping”. With a playful smile he carried her across the threshold in a passionate lip lock. They twirled into the room until she stopped, “what is it” he asked. Dropping her legs to the ground she stared at the smiling white rabbit. “Can we go downstairs and do this,” Bobby smiled “are you sure that is wise . . . why”? The rabbit stared at them both his stupid smile wide in excitement. “Should I go over there and sit in its lap,” grabbing his arm “no just leave it alone”. “It’s just a stupid rabbit full of cotton,” she shrugged “I guess”? Once Bobby got going it was hard to get him to stop, it was difficult for her to get in the mood while the life sized rabbit stared at them the whole time. She could see Bobby’s sweating body reflected in the rabbit’s eye rocking on top of her.

210
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Halfway through she was begging for the moment to be over and when it came she wished he would leave. “That was amazing,” he said while she gave a polite little, “yeah,” and rolled over.
Eyes filled with silent tears she never sniffled once as the giant rabbit never broke its cobra like stare. All the eyes of every rabbit seemed to glare down at her judging her actions. When she closed her eyes and thought of pleasant thoughts her body sunk into a deep state of slumber. And soon her dreams began to control her thoughts the pleasantness of her relaxation was so great that she didn’t even notice the phone ringing. She was dressed in all black with a white tail as people surrounded her. She was in the middle of a party and everyone was cheering for her. She gazed down to notice that she was wearing a Playboy bunny costume. Running her hands down her curves, she gave a “Damn I look good”. She could almost feel herself smile as one of the party goers yelled, “Look everyone its Carla bunny of the year.” She smiled as she saw what was presenting the reward to her. It was the giant white bunny and it handed her a golden bunny statue. “You,” she exclaimed as the bunny just tapped its plastic eye and then pointed at her. She let out a scream as the vision went black and all that came across her mind was the giant white rabbit. It was just sitting there in the corner all its little “children” sitting on its lap. She could feel its eyes on her as she could almost envision herself sleeping as it watched her lying silently in the bed. She knew that the rabbit was watching. It was plotting, preparing to make a move.

Ring . . . ring . . . ring . . . ring . . . ring Her eyes shot open wider as she heard the phone from what seemed like miles away. Throwing on a shirt and jeans she sleepily made her way to the phone. “Hello,” “Carla,” came the soft voice of Mrs. Donaldson, “Hi”. “I am sorry dear I know you were sleeping I was just checking in and tell you that we made it just fine and the party has just finished”. “That’s great

211
ROBBY RICHARDSON

how was everything?” “Well you know Arthur always has to make a scene”. “WHAT are you saying woman,” Mr. Donaldson whispered, “oh nothing Arthur now go soak in the tub before we go to bed”. Continuing to yell “Carla did the kids go to bed fine,” rubbing her eyes “Yeah they are so sweet and such angels”. “Who . . . my kids,” Carla giggled, “Yeah when they want to be”. Mrs. Donaldson returned with a chuckle, “that sounds more like it”. Unable to say anything she just yawned “so what did you think of the remodeling pretty good job right”? “I love it,” she responded but there was some hesitation in her voice. “I know that tone Carla, what is it”? Biting her lip, “No it’s nothing its just well a lot of bunnies”. Laughing hysterically it took Mrs. Donaldson several minutes before she able to regain her composure, “oh tell me about it child”. Turning back to the bedroom she leaned a little to try and gain a sight of the largest bunny. Still there smiling widely and not moving an inch she returned to the phone realizing Mrs. Donaldson was already halfway through her sentence, “sounds like they are giving you the creeps”. Trying not to smile, “actually you were reading my mind,” “which one is it”? “I think you know which one I am talking about,” “um . . . the one with those crooked eyes, they look demonic to me”. Realizing this could take awhile Carla just spared the head ache, “the large one”. In that silence he heard Mrs. Donaldson clicking her tongue, “I am afraid I don’t know which one you are talking about”. Rolling her eyes, “the big one in the corner . . . you know the one with that stupid smile. It’s like life size”. “Life size,” chortled Mrs. Donaldson “I am sorry Carla I am afraid that you have gotten confused we have nothing that big”.

The End



212







(Alternate Ending #1)


Her hand trembled as the phone shook, she covered the phone “Bobby,” she whispered not really sure where he was.

“Carla,” exclaimed Mrs. Donaldson, “Mrs. Donaldson the huge one with blue eyes covered with the pile of stuffed animal rabbits in the corner”. “Carla, I know and I am telling you there is just a pile of normal stuffed animals in that corner. We don’t have any large ones,” dropping the phone to the floor Carla turned towards the bedroom. Fear filled her eyes as began to shake on the spot. Her eyes rested upon the heaving figure of the bunny standing in the door frame. Only the rabbit was not pearly white anymore, it had many stains of red as bloody hand prints covered the rabbits face. “Oh my god,” she whispered in terror, “Carla . . . Carla”! Mrs. Donaldson’s voice sounded panicked “Carla what’s going on”? The rabbit just stood there, “who . . . who are you”? Backing away she tried to make her way to the children’s room. The rabbit’s smiling face never left her, “please”. Her words seemed fumbled as her whimpers were overpowered with shear terror. The man in the costume raised his hand and tapped the black nose and a message played. “Little bunny better run in fright for the hunter lurks within the night”. She backed all the way to the children’s door. Reaching blindly for the door knob she shook her head in confusion, “you . . . you were calling this whole
ROBBY RICHARDSON

time”? Her hand found the door knob, “what do you want from me”? “BOBBY,” she screamed as the door swung open, the rabbit reached behind the door frame to reveal a large sledge hammer. His bloody paws seemed to twist over the wooden handle, “little bunny better run in fright for the hunter lurks within the night”.
Without taking another glance she hurriedly entered the kid’s room and shut the door. “GUYS,” she screamed at the top of her lungs as she pulled over the dresser. A body slammed against the door as she let out a scream in fright. She turned to the bunk beds and shook the lumps under the covers. “Wake up, wake up, we got to get out,” something solid slammed against the wooden door which began to splinter. “Billy . . . Marcus,” the crashing against the door seemed to grow silent as she withdrew her hand to discover it was covered with red. Her head trembled and tears poured down her face. A sickening feeling filled the pit f her stomach. It seemed to take forever for her hand to reach the covers and pull it back to reveal chubby faced Billy’s pale white corpse lying in his bed. His body was covered in blood as the innocence in his eyes had been distinguished like a once blazing fire. Slowly running her hand through his hair she whispered, “I’m sorry”. She stood up and expecting the worst she was prepared for Marcus. Pale as his brother only she lost it when she saw a little smile appear on his dead face. Unable to contain her pathetic sobs, “I am sorry too Marcus”. Bang . . . bang . . . bang . . .

bang . . . the door was splintering as she finally turned around to see the bloody gloved hand reaching around the door. “GO AWAY,” she screamed as his hand moved to the dresser.
Giving the room a quick glance the robotic voice sang “Little bunny better run in fright for the hunter lurks within the night”. The bunny’s paw grabbed the door knob. He was mere seconds from entering the room. Quickly running to the window she slid it open,

214
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

she stared down at a straight second story drop. Pieces began to crash to the floor as the rabbit began to shatter the door splintering it into dust. “GO AWAY,” she screamed again as she turned her head out the window. “SOMEBODY HELP,” her voice echoed through the neighborhood. The door crashed to the floor as the figure strode over to her twirling the sledgehammer in his paws. Having no other option she climbed out the window as the rabbit sent the hammer smashing through the glass. She screamed as she released her hands letting gravity take care of the rest. The ground was hard and her body felt rattled as it crashed to it. The glass rained down on her as her vision seemed to be coming back. A slight pain began to increase in her back as she stared up at the second window. The rabbit’s head hung out the window, it looked angry despite the large smile on its face. The sledgehammer shook in its furry paw as the other bloody paws ran across its face. It stood there starring at her until a sight of salvation appeared red and blue lights could be seen swirling over the house. The rabbit’s gaze left as it gave one final shake of anger and with such reluctance it left the window. As the adrenaline subsided and her vision grew cloudy, her mind was slipping into unconsciousness and she fought long and hard until a young faced officer knelt down to her. “Miss,” he asked, “are you alright”? “Help me,” the officer rested his hand on her shoulder, “don’t worry back up is coming your going to be alright”. “Alright,” she whispered softly as her eyes closed, “miss stay with me”!

Waking to a soft buzzing in the air, her back felt unusual as she lay on a hard concrete slab. Opening her eyes she found that her arm had been bound as her back felt sore and bruised. “Where am I,” she exclaimed as she rubbed her head with her one free hand. Her head felt like it had been split into two and only the Aspirin the size of a hockey puck would be able to fix it. Raising herself up she noticed

215
ROBBY RICHARDSON

that she was in a small room and “Hey what the hell is going on”? Getting to her feet she realized that she was in a jail cell, “Hello, what the hell is going on”? “They locked you up,” came a soft voice from behind her. A blond haired woman with hair that curled in the back, her face was smooth and creamy a true definition of daddy’s little girl. “Obviously,” she shot back at her, “why am I here, I was attacked”. The woman behind her gave a soft chuckle, “They can’t hear you. Two of the male inmates were going at each other all the officers are busy”. “But why am I in here and who are you,” she waved her hand “oh that isn’t important so is it true you were attacked by a person in a rabbit costume”? Unable to answer that question, “I don’t know how I can answer that question, why am I in here”? “Well after they saw Billy and Marcus dead and no rabbit maybe they wanted to lock you up”. “Why couldn’t they just do it in the hospital or . . .” she stopped as she turned to the woman who beamed up at her.

“How do you know all this . . . who the hell are you”? “Oh a little birdie told me,” “a little birdie” she repeated. The mystery woman stood, “It’s awfully sad that they couldn’t find that rabbit of yours”. Carla turned away, “that’s not bothering me . . . I didn’t do it so I have nothing to worry about”. She paused as her mind began to drift, “I am just thinking of . . .” “Jack,” she said softly. Turning towards the women, “or are you thinking of Bobby”? Her mouth fell open as the girl’s smile was now gone. “How did you . . . who are,” her voice was silenced when the mysterious women chortled, “Did you really think that a guy like Bobby didn’t have a girlfriend”? Shaking her head, “I didn’t know. He wasn’t with anybody from my high school”. “Well do you think that there could be other high schools and other people in this world . . . but no as long as you get what you want. Was he good”? Shaking her head, “I didn’t know, I would have never if I had known”. “I love Bobby and he is mine, my property and you have

216
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

defiled it. And you didn’t even enjoy it every moment he rocks on you is like a second of inebriation”.
“You were watching,” she smiled as she moved closer towards her, “You should have run little rabbit”. Her hands outstretched as Carla screamed. Bobby’s girlfriend choked her as the uselessness of her one arm was easily subdued. “Die you stupid bitch,” Carla felt the girl’s hands squeeze around her neck as the air began to cut off. They wrestled on the ground as the girl wrapped a hand around Carla’s wrist, “I am Jackie and Bobby is my boyfriend you should have stuck with what you had”. Coughing as the air left her body Carla’s eyes popped out of her skull as she tried desperately for air. The color from her face was drained as a bluish tint came over her skin. Her wrestling body began to slow as Jackie’s vice like grip squeezed her throat until a soft snapping could be heard just before her last breath left her body. Her kicks slowed until she died on the floor the hunter had gotten her in the end. Why didn’t she run when she had the chance?

The End





















217







(Alternate Ending #2)


Her hand trembled as the phone shook, she covered the phone “Bobby,” she whispered not really sure where he was. “Carla,” exclaimed Mrs. Donaldson, “Mrs. Donaldson the huge one with blue eyes covered with the pile of stuffed rabbits in the corner”. “Carla, I know and I am telling you there is just a pile of stuffed rabbits,” dropping the phone to the floor Carla turned towards the bedroom. “There can’t be,” she whispered, “Carla,” exclaimed Mrs. Donaldson but ignoring it she moved her way back into the bedroom. The moonlight poured through the window as the life size rabbit sat in the corner. Her body filled with terror as her eyes had fallen upon a purple rabbit lying by the foot of the rabbit. It had abandoned its brothers and sisters falling to the floor almost shuffled in haste. As her eyes traveled over each stuffed rabbit she tried to recall them from the moment she had gotten here. How was the pile arranged? Was that rabbit always there or did it just simply fall down? The rabbit still smiled wide as it sat underneath the pile. The madness of the stupid rabbit was driving her crazy, “Carla,” screamed Mrs.

Donaldson from the abandoned phone.

Despite her brain screaming “run” her feet had curiously kept her moving forward. Every step took several breaths and a few pauses Mrs. Donaldson’s cries had died and soon silence engulfed the house.

218
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

The bed lay empty most of Bobby’s clothes still lay scattered over the floor. He was not gone, Bobby still was in the house but were would he go? She took a couple steps forward stopping to pick up the purple bunny and throwing it at the white rabbit’s head. She watched in great anticipation for something, anything if somebody was in the suit they would do something to be noticeable. The stuffed rabbit connected with the giant rabbit’s face, it just sat there lifeless as the purple rabbit rolled back down to the floor. Quickly she reached over and smacked the head of the rabbit. Jumping back to expect something horrible she felt her mouth drop when she realized that it too was a costume. A little piece of peach skin could be visible from under the rabbit’s costume. “Who are you,” she screamed but the body in the costume did not stir. “BOBBY,” she screamed at the top of her lungs, “where the hell are you”? The house remained silent and with a trembling hand she began to outstretch it towards the mask. Tears filled her eyes as she whimpered a little with every inch her fingers stretched. Grabbing the mask she pulled it off with such haste, her scream rang through the entire house.

Bobby’s lifeless body had been stuck inside the rabbit costume. A small trickle of blood was running out of his mouth as his eyes were glossed over. His body was white and as she removed all the stuffed animals and grabbed his skin in a panic it felt cold to the touch. She grabbed his cheeks as she shook him, “Bobby . . . Bobby”! “I wonder if you would act like that if I were murdered,” Carla turned to see, “Jack”! Relieved she ran over to him, “we have got to get out of here, there is someone in the house and they killed Bobby”. “Bobby,” he exclaimed, “What the hell is Bobby doing here”? Shaking her head, “That doesn’t matter we need to get out of here”! He shrugged, “What do you mean . . . there is somebody else here”? He gave her smile and run his hand over her cheek, “you mean besides you, me,

219
ROBBY RICHARDSON

Bobby, Marcus, and Billy . . . no, there is nobody else here”. Her body tensed up as she took a step back, “what are you doing here Jack”? He smiled, “I came to check on you at least now I know what has been occupying your time”. Shaking her head, “I am sorry Jack I wanted to tell you but we need to get out of here”. “RELAX,” Jack yelled “there is nobody else in this house besides you and me,” shaking her head, “what about the Billy and Marcus”? “Technically I guess,” backing away again “what do you mean technically”? She backed away more, “so was he good”? Shaking her head in total shock, she was finally putting the pieces together. “You killed Bobby,” as his sadistic smile turned to a frown, “he had touched you . . . had you . . . felt you . . . your mine and you will never leave me ever again”. “Billy . . . Marcus,” she whispered to him as he shook his head, “helped conceal the lie”.

“You’re a monster,” she covered her hands as she sobbed in them, “don’t worry Bobby got stuck like a pig but you . . . I still love you “. “I hate you,’ she screamed at him, “Why do you think I cheated on you”? Shaking his head, “You will love me again even if I have to cut it out of you”. Reaching into his pants to reveal a long butcher knife, it was stained bloody red, “now come here and get what’s coming to you my love”. Raising the knife high, Carla didn’t pause for an instance. Immediately remembering her self-defense classes, her foot connected with his manhood as she watched Jack’s eyes pop out of his head as he let out a groan. However taking your eyes off of somebody that wanted to kill you was not a very smart thing to do. Dodging him like a football player she weaved around him, but feeling a sharp pain in her leg she fell to the floor. Her screams echoed through the room as she stared at the large butcher knife punctured through her entire leg. “GOD DAMN IT,” she screamed as she clenched her bleeding leg. Jack jumped on top of her, “it didn’t

220
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

have to be like this . . . end like this”! Fumbling with his hand she felt the knife leave her leg. “All this for some dumb jock, I thought we were more”. The knife fell as she raised her hand but screamed when three of her fingers flew off. With a quick wrestle the blade landed on her throat as her eyes were flooded with so many tears. “Please I don’t want to die,” he leaned in towards her, “then you should have run like a little rabbit . . . like I told you”. “Jack I love you,” she watched his eyes subside as the rage seemed to quell, “please I never loved Bobby . . . let me go and we can run away together . . . just you and me”. The knife dug harder into her neck, “It’s too late, you blithering idiot! You think I am going to feel sorry for you now! I gave you everything and it was never good enough”. She sniffled, “please Jack,” the knife slide across her throat as Carla’s voice came instantly silent. “Luckily we will get a second chance,” he stood in front of her as her hands clenched her bleeding throat. He stood there watching her as if waiting for the moment when it would be too late for her to be saved. Then when her breathing began to slow he smiled, “poor stupid rabbit . . . pathetic”. He raised the knife to his own throat, “see you in a minute”.

The End

















221

















Murder of the Swan






By


Billy Khydd

CARNIVAL DE MUERTE















The very world seemed to be on fire as the sun set low in the sky over the lagoon. “Isn’t she beautiful,” I exclaimed watching the lone white bird glide softly over the water. I felt my boyfriend

take my hand, “You come here all the time and talk about the damn swan”. I turned to him his football face looked angry, “You don’t think she is beautiful”? He shrugged sending his wavy brown hair to fall onto his face “I don’t know it’s just a stupid swan”. I turned from him, “You can’t see the beauty in her, the simplicity . . . how could something so beautiful start off as something so ugly”. “Who cares let’s go back to your place and make out,” I gagged slightly “such a sweet talker you are”. He grabbed me around my waist, “come on that skinny waist and china doll like face always gets to me”. He leaned in and began to kiss my neck. I pushed him away “no Ricki I am not in the mood”! He sounded shocked, “not in the mood so we have to sit here and look at this stupid swan . . .” I turned to him “she’s not stupid . . .” he shrugged “so what is it”? I shrugged, “I don’t know I just feel connected to her I have seen her every year of my life, she is a part of me”. “She’s a stupid bird,” “Forget you Ricki! You know you don’t need to criticize everything”! “Well, why don’t you do anything normal like instead of sitting by a lagoon watching a stupid swan you could be making out with the most popular guy at


225
ROBBY RICHARDSON

school”? I scoffed as I turned back to the swan swimming gracefully in the sunset.
“Julie if you don’t stop staring at that stupid swan I am going to leave,” “well go then”. I wanted to laugh watching his bewildered face contort in a rage “but I am Ricki Thorton the most popular guy at school”. I waved my hand, “yeah, yeah well why don’t you find another girl! I’m not that easy”. He laughed as he growled “have fun staying a virgin . . . maybe your swan can help you out with that”. He turned and started laughing as he walked away with a backwards glance, “good riddance”. I sat down on a park bench staring at the swan, which would always glide around making sure to always stay in my line of sight. Finally when the sun hid behind the horizon I decided to head back home.

If I thought Ricki could have been angry it was nothing compared to what I experienced when I arrived at school. My dismissal of his advances had reached around the school, however Ricki was telling a different story. I heard him in the hallway, “yeah she spreads like peanut butter. I can hook you up”. I felt anger burn inside of me and clenched my books tightly as I walked right up to him. I pushed him, “I am sick of telling people that nothing happened yesterday”. Ricki gave an arrogant “baby, baby how can you deny me? Girls always get sticky with Ricki”. “Yuck,” I yelled, “nothing happened between us”. All his friends laughed as Ricki said, “oh Julie how are you going to deny me”? “Deny you,” I said knowing that anything I where to say would just be immediately be dismissed. I decided to sink to his level. “Oh Ricki you know that nothing happened. You were too small to get it in remember”? All his friends laughed as I continued, “you don’t need to be upset because u were unable to perform”. Ricki began to yell at his friends as I left him. Ricki was


226
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

the laughing stock of the entire school and by the end of the day, Ricki didn’t mention anything about me again.
The moment I finished my homework I took my usual walk to the lagoon to spend some time watching my swan. I stopped halfway when I noticed the absence of the swan huffing slightly I decided to head back home. As I approached my driveway, I watched my parents enter their car, “hey where are you guys going”? My mother dressed in a long black dress a spitting image of me. “Your father and I are going out for a romantic dinner,” I smiled “oh good for you guys”. My mother kissed me on the forehead as my father gave a wave, “see you later pumpkin”. I smiled “later dad,” they pulled out the driveway and pulled around the corner. I entered my house and prepared my own dinner. The sun had already set by the time I had finished. My parents were surely not going to come home anytime soon.

The phone rang as I withdrew from the couch, “probably mom checking in”. I grabbed the phone and without a greeting I gave an exasperated “Yes mom everything is fine you and dad just have . . .” “It’s not your mother”. My heart sank a little, “oh it’s just you Ricki”. “Yeah it’s Ricki,” “what the hell do you want”? Ricki sat in silence, “come on Ricki I don’t have all day”. “You ruined my reputation,” I scoffed “you ruined it yourself . . . I’m hanging up”. “You have taken what matters to me,” I gave a frustrated, “good bye Ricki”. Before I hung up the phone I heard a whisper, “look out your back door”. And before I hung up the phone Ricki was gone replaced with a dial tone.

I hung up the phone and curiously make my way to the back door. I move the curtain to the side and stare out the back yard. There stood Ricki, his monkey like face and shaggy hair hung like a sheet. A large colored Tupperware container sat next to him, he clenched

227
ROBBY RICHARDSON

a large kitchen knife in his left hand. “Ricki,” I said watching his anger seem to swell in him. He reached down and opened the top to the container he grabbed a large white bird flapping its white wings frantically. He pointed the knife at me, “You have taken what is precious to me so I am going to take what is precious to you”. I watched as he took my swan by the neck as its wings flapped even more wildly, “oh my god . . . what the hell are you doing”? He smiled with a look of pure evil and raised the knife towards the swan.

I watched in horror, “don’t Ricki”! My hand gripped the handle and I flung the door open. I had to save my swan which cried out in terror. I took my first step outside but froze when I saw the knife slide across the neck of the swan. “NO,” I screamed as I felt a sharp pain in my own neck. I began to gasp as I felt increasing amounts of pain in it. I watched in horror as Ricki’s blade slide across the swan. I took a step back as I gripped my neck. I felt my neck swelling cutting off my airway. I couldn’t speak as I fell to my knees choking in pain. The swan’s head fell to the ground as Ricki threw the swan’s lifeless body at me. “Now you can keep your swan forever,” he didn’t even look concerned as I knew my skin was growing purple. “I know the shock of it is too much maybe next time you will think before you open you stupid mouth”. Ricki turned and walked away without paying a second glance at me. I fell to the ground and reached for the swan. My fingers inched towards the door as I felt my body slowly dying. So this is what it’s like to murder a swan.

The End








228
















My Own Worst Enemy




(Outro)

By

Robby Richardson

CARNIVAL DE MUERTE















I fell through the glass and could feel myself hit a wooden floor. Dust flew and hit me in the face. Although it was short fall the impact seemed to have winded me more than I thought. My chest felt tight like I had just been punched in the stomach. As I opened my eyes it took me several minutes to realize that they were actually open. I had to lift myself up slightly as I stared at the only light in the room. It seemed to catch my eye as I heard faint muttering in the distance. The muttering was random but seemed to be partaken between two individuals. Although when I raised my head I had noticed that only one man occupied the small dusty office. I noticed that the windows were boarded up and even the door lay so covered

with grim the words were lost behind it.

The man looked foreign to me yet the closer I approached him the more familiar he became. His tongue lay slightly out of his mouth has he scribbled furiously on a scrap piece of paper. I didn’t know what to say or what to do. He didn’t even gaze at me as he continued to scribble. I came closer, “hello,” he began muttering with speed. I came closer watching the dusty desk becoming clearer, “hello,” I repeated a little louder this time. The man did not raise an eye or bat an eyelash. Through the curly locks I stared down at a face that would have made any other man’s mouth drop in horror. However I was used to seeing myself, “Robby,” he slammed down

231
ROBBY RICHARDSON

the pencil and finally his eyes rose up to me. They lacked my baby blues and all that was there was the white. I watched myself backed away, “who . . . who are you”? This was something that I had not expected. I didn’t even have a moment to stare at the note. Clothed in an outfit of all white, he moved like a monster around the desk. Stalking . . . hunting, as his eyes never left me. “Whoa . . . listen,” but my words seemed lost as I hit the back wall. My double’s hands outstretched towards me, “no just keep away”! I raised my fist back, feeling the oddest sensation and the realization of my actions. My fist collided with my face and his head turned without the slightest bit of discomfort. However the moment that my fist made contact an invisible force seemed to clobber with the side of my own face. I felt the lights immediately go out of me like a pop. I seemed to spin on the spot as I hit the wall falling to the floor. My jaw felt broken as I watched my double dance before me. It was hard to talk with a mouthful of blood, “don . . . da . . . it”. His hands outstretched as I tried to speak. I tried to get up, but I grabbed at his wrist but his strength was abnormal. He wrestled me down as his cold hands clenched around my throat. I tried to scream but the more I tried to scream the tighter his hands got. I grabbed his wrists but blacked out to my own face strangling me utter loathing in every boyish cheek.

I woke up standing, which was out of the ordinary because I have never slept standing in any form. I moved slightly and realized that my hands were tied and my feet in the same situation. “My mouth seemed clear of all the blood, “what’s going on,” I felt something burning around my neck and realized that the noose that I had seen earlier was now around my own neck. “HEY GET ME OUT OF HERE,” I screamed as I shook on the wobbly table, “I wouldn’t do that if I were you”. I turned to see me again but this time I saw the boyish blue eyes that I was known for. He smiled up at me, “what

232
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

the hell is this shit? You told me that you were going to show me . . .” he smiled “yes the edge of insanity. But this isn’t insanity”. I closed my eyes confused, “what are you talking about? “I am about to hang myself ”. He smiled at me as he edged his way around the desk, “This is insane,” he shook his head, “this isn’t insane. Before I leave you here,” “leave me here”! He smiled wider, “why of course. Only one can go through the mirror”. “Now like I was saying you wanted to know insanity. I can tell you what insanity is.” I raised my hands and tried to fumble with my rope, but the bindings made it useless. I groaned realizing the uselessness. I turned to myself who smiled back, “insanity . . . true insanity is life”. My eyes narrowed, “you mean my life”? My double shook his head, “no, life in general.”

“So the very edge of insanity is life,” “of course . . . you don’t agree”? Shaking my head, “how could you say something like that”? My double walked around the table and stood in front of me, “there’s just no . . .” he waved his hand as if the situation was humorous. “What’s the word I’m looking for,” he snapped his fingers several times before he finally found what he was looking for. “No purpose, you see the more I watch the more pointless it becomes. And when one step’s away from the picture one must realize that a new canvas must be used. Even serial killers and mass murderers have a purpose, whether it’s personal, revenge, hatred, beliefs, whatever the cause for their rage there is purpose”. I shook my head, “but I’m nothing like that. I’m not a serial killer”. “No,” he said simply, “no your not . . .

but I am. I’m more than just Dr. Billy Khydd. I am your beliefs manifested into a physical form”. He pointed up to me, “You wanted to know insanity? Life is true insanity. You and your kind whine and complain about taxes, politics, scandals, but what it comes down to is your all to chicken shit to become what were born to be”. My eyes watched him as he began to lick his lips, “You live life this way

233
ROBBY RICHARDSON

because you all choose to live it. You have the power. We all have the power to change this world. We don’t have to live in fear. We are fear . . . I am fear. Now let me bring sense to a world gone mad”.

He turned from me, “Wait . . . wait don’t leave me here. You can’t leave me here”. My double never looked back as the tiny desk rattle below me. I knew one slight move and the desk would give from beneath me. My legs shook as I felt tears enter my eyes a plea in my voice, “please . . . . please you don’t have to do this! You don’t have to . . . let me go”! He made his way to the small rectangle of motioning gray liquid that led to my bathroom. He clapped his hands together as he grabbed the sides. “Please,” I screamed, “you don’t have to do this. Don’t leave me here!” He stuck his leg through the hole, “why are you doing this”?! “So kings may rise Robby, so kings may rise,” the remainder of his words were lost as his body fell through the mirror.

Crash!! Stephanie’s eyes opened with a blood shot gaze towards her door. She turned in her bed, “Jesus can’t he be quiet”? She rose out of her bed and moved out her door, there came a shuffling from the bathroom. Knocking on the door, “Robby,” she called out. Regretting the possible nightmare that lay behind the door she gulped. She opened the door a little, “Robby are you alright? I’m coming in” She entered the bathroom and saw her brother standing in the middle of the room. He was covered in water and was drying himself off with a towel. He turned, “yeah Steph, what’s up”? He ran the towel through his dishwater blond hair, but her attention was immediately drawn to his eyes. His dark black eyes, empty almost soulless, “Robby, oh my god are you alright”? His eyes narrowed, “yeah everything is fine. Why is something wrong with you?” She pointed to his eyes, “it’s just your . . .” he turned and saw his reflection in the mirror. “Oh,”


234
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

he turned back and waved at the lights, “well my eyes have to adjust you know been in the dark”?
Stephanie shook her head in confusion, “since when do you take a shower at three in the morning? I didn’t even hear the water running or anything”. He shrugged, “Is there anything you need? I have to get to bed I got a busy day tomorrow”. Stephanie gulped a little as she turned from his gaze, “no . . .” She paused and then shook her head trying to shrug it off, “can you keep it down?” He nodded, “sure will, I’m going to go to bed right now actually”? His smile sent a chill down her skin as she turned from him, “yeah,” she began to close the door. “Good night Steph,” she nodded, “yeah night”. She retreated back to her room her mind ran over her older brother. He sure was acting weird.

The End




























235












Act III


IN THE SHADOW OF GRIM


-The Scripts of the Grim Reaper-

[ER]

-Extended Reader-

By

Robby Richardson

















Blood is Written in the Stars




(Intro)

By

Robby Richardson

CARNIVAL DE MUERTE















The table was scattered with books and papers flew over the room as the window in my basement failed to remain closed.

It was always cold where I was now. My bones felt brittle as I gripped at my wrinkled hands noticing the dirt beneath them. My breath kissed the air as it wheezed out of my mouth. My basement had turned into a forced labor camp with paper covering every inch. My life was devoted to the ever long toil that consumed my life. The mission of my life and mission of my soul, it surrounds me like a blanket in days of cold. Grabbing my shoulders I shivered slightly as I raised my head when several of my own papers flapped across my very face. Grease sat upon my face like paste as my sunken eyes stared at my slave driver, “please just something to eat”.

A chill like a thousand pins scratched over my face, “alright, alright”! I shouted snatching at papers flying around me. I slammed them down on the wooden table. I ran my hands over my face my toil never ceased. I kept feeling his icy breath on the back of my neck, “I know,” I said, repeating it several times. I felt a jab in my side, “I’m searching as fast as I can . . . his tough to find”. The wind blew harder as I grabbed at every paper, “I am LOOKING”! I turn to see the slave driver as his wrangled cloak flapped in my decrepit basement, “He is tough to find. I told you he would be tough to find”. I knew my eyes were sagging as I raised my head and stared into

241
ROBBY RICHARDSON

the emptiness of his face. The cloak was pulled so high his feature remained distorted, that is if he had any features. He slammed his sickle on the ground as his figure raised too eight feet, mere inches from the ceiling. “I promise you I will find him and bring you to him,” the sickle hit the ground as the wind rose around me. I knew death’s patience was growing thin.

(To Be Continued)









































242
















Dear Diary




By


Robby Richardson

CARNIVAL DE MUERTE


Dear Diary

I know it has been a long time since we talked

Sine we last talked the road has gotten harder

I know that you’re gone but you’re not forgotten

You were my friend, my brother, only begotten

I still feel sad, when it rains it pours

Maybe one day this poem will be worth something

Maybe one day my books will be worth something

Maybe one day I will be worth something

Maybe one day I’ll be sought after, featured, popular, recognized,

Be influential with my writing

Look at Malcolm X, Martin Luther King, Winston Churchill,

Look at what I’ve become, look at how I’ve grown

I’m still a boy in my heart, in a world that demands me to be a man

I still go through the pain and the hurt,

It drips in and soaks right to my heart

And it has hurt right from the start

In the name of the higher power

I will continue to live on . . . I will continue grow this way

A tear falls from my eye, every time I hear your name

The pain I feel when I die, the way you are I am to blame

Believe me when I say I will never forgive myself for the man you became Ill never forget all the hurt I felt when the lord said that your life is done.

When dead I beg the lord why, how could I go on living a lie

The lie that I could go on and be happy without you in my eye

See you everyday, and they way you made me laugh

Now that you’re both gone my heart will burst

This entry in my diary will only be my first.



245

















Monsters Under the Bed




(The Complete First Mini-Series)

By

Robby Richardson & Billy Khydd








Night #1

The Doll House


“Coopersville, Alabama population nobody,” Jack mumbled as my mother stood awing at the simple lifestyle the town portrayed. After passing the three blocks the town seemed to

fit easily into, we drove down what seemed like a deserted highway until a lone house appeared in the distance. “There it is,” cried my mother who had finally stopped her cat like stare at the acres of corn that stretched miles. As we approached the house, my face began to sink at the sight. “It looks like a . . . .” but my mom finished the sentence for me. “Like a doll house,” she had said it with such joy that I hated the fact to tell her that it looked like a variable “shit hole”. I expressed my disgust with a soft, “we moved from Arizona to here”? My mother was a lot shorter and smaller than my father. She had long shaggy curls and her cheeks seemed to sag lower every year. His mother complained everyday about them and several times begging for a face lift. My father would always fawn over how beautiful she looked which seemed genuine. He was taller than her always calling her his little “pocket wife”. His balding horseshoe pattern hair gave him a much older look. However his gray hair did not seem to help either.

249
ROBBY RICHARDSON

We pulled into a gravel horse shoe driveway and the house finally came into full vision. The black tiled roof seemed to have a Swiss cheese kind of look. “What happens if it rains,” I asked, my mother who just sat there awe struck at the house. Removing his glasses he wiped them off on his shirt as he replied “no Jack I patched them up enough until the contractors come out to fix everything that is wrong with the house.” “Everything that is wrong with this place, there should be nothing wrong with this place,” my father seemed to close his eyes in my constant complaints since we left Arizona. “Please Jack I can’t take another thirty minutes of complaining.” I smiled knowing that I was getting to him finally, “You know dad when you buy a house it should be in good condition not crappy condition.”

My body retreated as I saw my mother immediately spin in her seat, “language young man”! “That’s why it is called a fixer upper,” he said. My mother’s eyes narrowed “and don’t think you are going to be sitting around all summer playing video games”. Glasses returned to his tired face he said, “You are going to be helping me with the house”. I let out a loud groan which resulted in a several minute scolding which woke up my baby brother. Ruffled brown hair his skin was smooth as his icy blue eyes seemed to twinkle with an innocence I had forgotten even existed. He clenched his blanket as his small monkey stuffed animal lay curled tight in his arms. His eyes were baggy as my mother and father stepped out of the car. My mother seemed to have forgotten the small argument as she seemed to fall under a hypnotic trance of the house. “This house was abandoned,” I yelled as I saw huge red lettering painted over the front of the door.

My father swore loudly “the painters didn’t even come yet,” my mother walked closer to the house. “Mom,” I asked watching her stare at the house. “Mom,” I repeated as I watched her zombie like

250
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

walk towards the front door. “Mom,” I yelled again, “Sharon” my father said his hand resting on her shoulder. “What,” she said finally coming back to reality. “Are you alright you kind of spaced out there,” she smiled “no I didn’t you all became quiet.” Sweeping a potential argument under the rug he led his wife up the stairs leaving me to grab Brandon. “You’re lucky you’re young, you know,” Brandon gurgled slightly as he curiously stared up at his house. His finger stuck in his mouth as his eyes seemed to take in the house. His face seemed to form intro a slight horror. I couldn’t help but laugh a little, “my thoughts exactly little bro”.

A crow seemed to caw in the distance as my baby brother and I walked through the front door. “It smells like paint,” my mother clasped her hands together as she seemed to spin in the middle of the foyer. The house’s spirit seemed to be wrapping itself around her. She smiled as she said, “well it’s very simple after all they did have to clean it up after the fire”. “Fire,” I said, my mother turned and said “yes we had to have some decorators come in, but well you know money is tight after all”. “They at least could have fixed the second landing,” shouted my father. His wiped his sweaty brow as I saw what he was upset about. The upstairs landing lay empty, the stairway was almost demolished, “I think that there is a ladder out back”. My mother came over and took Brandon from me, “go grab the latter will you dear”? “Ladder . . . got it,” I said turning from them almost glad to leave. The moment the cool southern air hit me I heard my father say, “I’m not climbing a ladder every time I want to come downstairs”!

So there had been a fire in the house maybe that explained a lot about this house. I walked across the doll house. I passed under a tall tower with large windows, “must be a bedroom,” I said talking to nobody. The tower reminded me of towers that I had heard about in

251
ROBBY RICHARDSON

fairy tales. As I turned the corner, I almost laughed when I thought of a long sheet of golden blond hair falling from the top, a beautiful woman yelling, “Ahoy there . . . climb my hair and be my lover”. If it were only that easy I thought but out here I would more likely find a coyote or wolf. Acres of corn stretched all around the house and my hope of having a neighbor seemed to diminish when I tried to peer over the “forest”. The forest green paint was peeling off the house and vines seemed to spread up the very side of the house. I began to search through the environment. Tall grass scattered the whole back yard as small a pile of wood sat in a broken heap. It looked like a playground but what really distracted me was the pile next to the playground. A huge pile of burnt artifacts a rotting couch, a broken computer, several dressers, beds, piles and piles of wood. As I neared the pile I picked up a charred piece, “wow I guess there really was a fire”. I dropped the piece down and was about to look for this supposed ladder when something white had caught my attention.

I peered into the pile and removed a deflated white ball it had mud all over it and a giant slash in the side. I shrugged returning it to the pile, so children must have lived here before. Walking through the tall grass was much harder than somebody would think, it was almost comparable to the Great Plains we had driven through to see our Aunt Tilly, who lived in a small town in North Dakota. I waded through the grass as if I was wading through water returning to they house looking for the mysterious ladder. It didn’t take me long to find it, buried under piles of dead grass and leaves. It was rusted like everything else in this house the hinges were rusted solid. I tried to pull them apart but when a cloud of bugs began to attack my sweating face I knew I would have to stop. I dropped the ladder saying, “rusted piece of shit”! Leaving it to rust in the hanging sun I returned to the house my parents already beginning to unpack the

252
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

car. “Where is the ladder,” asked my mom box in hand. “It won’t open it’s all rusted”.
After a couple of hours the car had finally been unloaded the moving truck was not due to arrive until tomorrow. Humming as she made up the living room as a temporary living quarters night seemed to creep fast upon us. Eating Chinese food late into the evening my father complained the whole time and constantly reminded me about helping him with the house. With all the work that needed to be done around here I would almost be happy with a summer job. “You’re also going to have to cut the grass,” I almost spluttered out my Dim Sum, “excuse me”? A noodle hung out of my mouth as my dad repeated, “your going to have to cut the grass”. “Is that what you call that forest out there,” ‘don’t be a smart ass Jack” snapped my mother. “And what am I supposed to cut it with,” his father sat back “you let me worry about that, tomorrow we are also going to start building those stairs.” I almost felt exhausted just thinking about tomorrow. “Alright, I guess I’m just going to go to bed, do we at least have . . .” my father shook his head “sorry no cable”. “You mean we are out here in the middle of nowhere with . . .” my father tilted in his chair. “Yes Jack, I’m sorry that you are upset about the move but you better start getting used to it . . . look your baby brother is”! I watched my brother start slamming his tiny spoon on his plastic plate.

Slumping away to the living room I climbed onto a two blanket mattress and crushed my pillow grumpily. The wooden floors creaked as my parents cleared the table, I hated this house and wanted to go back home. Brandon stirred between stacks of pillows. His arms clenched around his monkey and soon my parents retreated to bed. Crickets sung in the night air as a soft breeze seemed to run through the house. I stared up at the ceiling staring at nothing. My father’s

253
ROBBY RICHARDSON

snores rang softly through the night air. My eyes began to close as I felt my mind slowing down for the night. I was just about to have a nice dream of Megan Fox and me when a loud creak woke me up. I shot up in my bed my body felt stiff from laying on the floor for so long. My eyes were wide open as I listened intently. The crickets still serenaded the night as my father’s snores were silenced. I held my breath as the house seemed to have an eerie silence to it. A chill seemed to fill the room as I felt goose bumps beginning to form on my skin. I gripped my blanket tighter trying to fight off the increasing cold. My breath drifted through the air like smoke through the moonlight. My body began to shiver as I gripped the blanket tighter, “Jesus,” I whispered through chattering teeth.

After several teeth chattering minutes I decided that whatever made the sound was something natural. I almost laughed at how much of a baby I was being. I laid my head back down on my pillow and tried to fight off the increasing cold. A loud creak came from right above me, and I shot up again in my bed. My eyes traveled across the ceiling and my mouth dropped open in horror. A person seemed to be walking upstairs softly walking in circles. “Oh my god,” I whispered as the footsteps continued to pace in circles. “Mom,” I whispered standing up as quietly as possible “dad, there is somebody . . .” I froze when the footsteps came to a stop, “what the hell”? I stood up in the middle of the living room, my mouth gapped open in such a stupor. I walked into the foyer staring up at the second landing. My eyes traveled every inch of the upstairs. “Jack,” a whisper as soft as a mouse could be heard in the air a chill ran up my spine.

I spun on the spot when I gazed out the front door. The door was wide open, how I had missed it before I didn’t know. But that was the least of my worries the night air seemed frozen as I moved

254
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

closer to the door. A lone figure hung from the tree in our front yard. A dead man swung lightly as the rope ground into the tree. I walked out the front door staring at the hanging man in our tree. “Hello,” I yelled as I began to walk down the stairs. “Jack,” came the whisper as I watched a dark figure slink around the side of the house. “Hello,” I repeated, “Jack,” whispered the air. I turned back to the tree and almost stumbled over the steps in my retreat. The hanging man was gone from the tree branch that he had once swung from. I ran into the house and closed the door, triple checking that locks were secure. I began to breathe a little easier. I spun as a dark figure could be seen on the second landing. It walked down what looked to be a hallway. I listened to the figure walk down the hallway and suddenly stop dead in its tracks. I don’t know how long I stood there listening to the footsteps but they continued to walk until the sun began to rise.

(To Be Continued)


























255







Night #2

The Dark Figure


My eyes seemed to scream in pain as I heard my father saying loudly, “I wish somebody would get up to help me with all the work around here. It’s bad enough that the grass can’t get cut

until that damn mower gets replaced”. Jack could almost feel his father’s eyes burning into his back. He turned on the hard floor and with a loud sigh he rose to a loud “oh my god look who is finally waking up”. “Yeah I’m up,” getting out of bed was harder the second time. He grudgingly walked over as his mother handed him a piece of buttered toast. “Why don’t you get a little cleaned up and then you can help your dad with the stairs”. He was too tired to respond so he just nodded softly as he began to fix himself up in the bathroom

After an hour he finally entered the foyer with a soft, “Alright where do you want me to start?” His father was hammering boards into the frame of the stairs, he paused at my comment. Wiping his sweating brow he said, “Actually I would like you to work on fixing up that barn out there”. Giving a large gulp his mind began to play the rerun. A dark figure hung from the branch his lifeless body swinging so casually in the breeze. “The . . . the . . . barn” his father looked confused, “yeah the barn out there in the front yard”! “Front

256
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

yard,” I repeated again, “Jesus Christ Jack what’s your problem”? I heard Brandon laughing in the kitchen, “What do you want me to do exactly”? “Figure it out Jack and stop making excuses,” “the front . . .” Jack repeated again. His father returned to building the stairs leaving Jack to fix the crumbling barn. The corn waved in the breeze as he gazed around the front yard. The sun was bright in the cloudless sky maybe it was a nightmare? “Yeah,” he seemed to say aloud, a really strange and bizarre nightmare that did not make any sense to him at the time. Laughing slightly he took a deep breath and said, “Nothing in this place made sense”.

Moving the boards out of the barn was hard work as some of the rotting boards fell apart in his hand. This was starting out to be the worst summer he could possibly remember. Everything was quiet, and everything seemed different out here. As the hours passed not a single car drove by their house. Nobody jogging or any animal broke my strenuous work. The funny thing was that crows liked to hang around my new house all day. They stretched out over our shabby roof as more circled over head. Using his hand as a shield I cursed the circling crows as a soft whisper ran with the wind “Jack”. My hand seemed to drop as the very world seemed to grow silent. “Jack,” came the soft whisper again, I turned around and saw through the field of corn a dark figure moving through it. “Hello,” he called as the figure disappeared deeper into the corn. “Hello,” he called again but the figure had disappeared deeper into the corn. A loud crash came from the house, which almost made me trip over my own feet.

Out of the tower window flew what looked like a person. The person crashed over the awning and fell face first into the dirt. “Oh my god,” I yelled as I began to run towards the body. As I approached I slowed down as the mystery person was not recognizable. I stared down at a golden blond girl who almost took my breath away. Unable

257
ROBBY RICHARDSON

to talk I simple fumbled over my words as I had no idea what to say. The window that the woman had crashed through lay unbroken, “what the hell is going . . . ?” Jack let out a little scream as the woman opened her eyes. Her head rose “are you alright,” he asked but the girl seemed to take no notice of him. Her eyes were wide with terror, they were bloodshot and she looked as if she had not slept in a week. Her golden blond hair seemed to have lost its shine as the days of sleeplessness seemed to be taking effect on her. “Mom, dad you have got to . . .” but when the front door slammed open a man that Jack did not recognize appeared. He had an unshaven face with green eyes, his scrawny body framed in the doorway his face contorted into a murderous glance. His hands gripped a baseball bat as he began to move towards the girl. She turned towards the advancing man, “what the hell is going on”? The woman trembled as she began to crawl backwards her voice trembled “please don’t hurt me . . . why are you doing this to me? The man continued to advance “please leave me alone” she cried.

Utterly bewildered by the event Jack had no idea what was going on. The man was nearing her “Look I have no clue what’s going on but,” “why are you doing this to me . . . why are you haunting me”? Jack watched the advancing man, “she told you to stay . . .” rushing up to the man Jack tried to tackle him. His body flew through the man as if he was made of nothing more than air. Falling into the warm dirt Jack glanced back up and watched the man raise the bat high in the air. The girl was now running towards the barn the man close on her heels. “What the hell is going . . . ahh”!

Jack had let out a horrified scream as he was spun on the spot to face his father. Sweat glistened on his bald head as his glasses hung askew off his oily nose. “What are you doing out here I thought I told you to clean up the barn”? “I was just taking a break, and . . .” he

258
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

trailed off as his father pointed towards the barn. “You haven’t even touched the barn,” “yes I . . .” Jack froze again when his eyes rested upon the collapsed barn. All the wood that he had hauled from the middle had been returned to its original spot. “I told you Jack you are going to help me with this house. Your mother wanted this house and we can’t even have a hospitable environment to live in”. “But dad I swear I,” “no dad nothing, you are going to stay out here all night if you have to”. “But,” his father’s face turned red “I don’t want to hear it Jack get over there”! Grumbling loudly he stormed back over to the barn and began repeating the work he had previously done hours ago.

His father remained true to his word and disappointed in Jack’s progress his father made him stay out until the sun was dark in the sky. After several complaints about the difficulties of night work his father’s solution was a small porch light that provided no more light than the moon. Swearing slightly as his father returned to the house, Jack continued to grumble with every drag of the broken boards. Hope that his mother would relieve him of the work did not come even when the house lights were being turned off. The moon was high, the only sound coming from the humming of the useless light. “Forget this,” Jack moaned dropping a particularly heavy board in its place. Every muscle throbbed with pain, his feet hurt and pleaded with every step that he took. Pop, the light had gone out and Jack had almost forgotten how dark it got out here in the middle of nowhere. “Dad’s going to kill me,” muttered Jack however he prayed that it wouldn’t return.

“Jack,” came the soft whisper that he had heard the previous night. Dropping the light, he froze in his spot. He had heard it but he wasn’t sure if he wanted to believe it. A dark figure stood in the road. It was hard to make out who or even what it was. However

259
ROBBY RICHARDSON

it had to be person because it was standing on two legs. Long hair seemed draped down around the person covering most of their face, “hello”?! The figure just stood and stared at him, Jack began to walk towards the figure, “who the hell are you”? The figure turned and began to walk down the road, beginning to run down his driveway. “What a stupid idea,” he said running faster, “Why are doing this Jack”?

By the time Jack had reached the road the figure had disappeared. “Hello,” he called out into the night. However the night remained as silent as ever. “Jack,” came the whisper again, the dark figure stared from deep within one of the acres of corn. It sunk deeper into the corn, “no,” he said freezing in his spot. He began to shake his head, “nope, I am not doing it”. Jack gave the mysterious figure another curious look but it was long gone. Retreating back to the house, Jack felt chills all over his body. The dirt crunched under his feet as he returned to his new home. The house was quiet his mother and father were sleeping in there corner as Jack locked the door. He had to move extra quiet as to not wake Brandon. The second floor lay abandoned as the staircase Jack’s father had been working on all day began to take from as the once broken frame now looked repaired and almost new looking.

Walking into the living room, which for the second night was to be their bedroom until the staircase would be finished. Tip-toeing as he entered the living room, he hoped for a peaceful night to recharge his “battery”. Every step seemed to take a mile as he slumped towards his pile of blankets. He froze as his eyes widened, he turned to the large window to discover the dark figure in the middle of the street. A long set of hair draped around her head as she just stared at the house. She turned slowly again and disappeared behind the corn his heart was thumping hard in his chest. Closing his eyes he breathed

260
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

several times and opened his eyes wide when he heard the floor boards give a soft groan. Slowly spinning, afraid of what he might see his mouth dropped open in shock.
An old man with a sagging face advanced towards him. He had on a white robe almost something you would have seen in a hospital. He gave a soft groan with an eerie intake of breath. He moved in slow motion as a white corpse like hand outstretched towards him. “Mom . . .” his voice squeaked, his mouth had become filled with cotton balls. The old man’s mouth opened wide as he gave a deep moan. His feet dragged on the floor as he advanced closer. “Dad,” but his voice had become useless. Jack moved back towards his bed at the edge of the wall. The old man was a couple feet away, soon he was a foot away. His face became clear in the night, a man with more wrinkles than face. His mouth stretched wider encompassing half of his face. “No,” he said softly as he retreated another step. He wobbled on the spot as his foot had become tangled in the blanket. His fingers were inches from Jack’s face. He lost his balance and fell backwards. His head slammed against the wall and everything went dark.

(To Be Continued)



















261







Night #3

The Break In


I awoke to a throbbing pain in the back of my head. I rubbed my head filling a soft mushy part, “gross”! I pulled my hand away as I felt dried blood, “oh my god”! My mother’s eyes had widened at

the sight of the dried blood. Her soft hand began to paw through my hair like a monkey would look for insects. “How did you do this,” “mom it’s nothing”. “Don’t tell me that it’s nothing, how did you do this”? Thinking of a lie was hard when you first wake up in the morning. “It’s nothing I just tripped,” “just tripped,” my mother snapped back at me. “Yeah just tripped that’s all,” “backwards”? Nodding, “yeah it’s like I said don’t worry”.

My mother insisted on cleaning the wound herself and by the time I was patched up my father had finished scolding the first of the movers that had just arrived. The rest of the trucks began to pull into the dirt driveway and began to unload. My father began to yell, “No I told you to come in a couple days”. One of the movers an overweight man with blue overalls gave a tired, “You know how long it took us to find you”? “I called your office,” yelled Jack’s father “I changed the delivery date. I told them to deliver this stuff in a couple days”. The guy shrugged “We never received that call,” Jack almost laughed as

262
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

his father began to splutter, “but we don’t even have enough room for our stuff ”? The man began to wave at the second floor, “are you kidding what about your second floor”? “The stairs aren’t finished,” the man gave a confused, “whatever but we have to unload this and unload it now”. My father’s face was red and he stormed into the house he froze when he saw me. His face seemed to soften, “I heard you hurt your head, are you alright”? I nodded and with that nod my father’s face began to turn red, “can I ask you a question”? I felt my heart skip several beats “um . . . sure,” I said hesitant of the answer. “What did I tell you to do yesterday”? “Clean out the barn,” “Clean out the barn,” he repeated. “And you were out late last night right,” still unsure of this line of questioning. “Yeah dad,” “how long were you out there”? My mind began to examine the question, “um . . . all night pretty much”. I remembered the moon being high in the sky. The night air was fresh and had a cool mist in it, “all night”? ‘I . . .

yea . . . why dad I went to bed late last night”? “And what exactly did you do in all that time”? “Why,” his father’s face wrinkled in anger but he somehow managed to suppress it. “Follow me,” he hissed as I followed him out the front door. The sun was warm in the horizon it seemed to provide the only bright spot in his current situation. Whatever my father was upset about it clearly was not going to be good.

He stopped in his tracks so suddenly that I almost crashed into him. He glowered down at me, “so you were out here all night right”? “Yeah just look at the . . .” my mouth fell open as I stared at the rotting barn. The roof was caved in the middle and looked the same as the day we arrived. “No,” I shook my head, “this . . . this . . .” my father was still glowering “what the hell were you doing out here all night”? I continued to shake my head stupidly, “no, no, no I moved all those boards . . . I spent all day,” my father yelled “doing nothing”!

263
ROBBY RICHARDSON

I was speechless as his face turned maroon “I told you that I needed help around this house and I didn’t want any excuses”! “Dad listen I spent all day and night moving those boards,” my father waved his arm in frustration, “I don’t want to hear it Jack, no more excuses”. “But dad,” my father waved his arm more violently “no but dad”!

I began to walk closer to the barn, this did not make sense but then again nothing really did anymore. I heard my father asking my mother to keep on eye on me to make sure the job would be done. My mother was not a fan of just sitting around especially when movers were cramming all of our stuff into the house. My mother conducted traffic and watched as I moved the stupid boards to the same spot I had dragged them previously. I knew I should have been thinking about how the boards actually returned to their original spots. I should have been thinking about the blisters that were growing larger on my hands and fingers. My hands throbbed with every grip they made with the heavy rotted board. They stung as I felt blisters grow to sizes to large until I felt them about to burst.

Luckily I was able to get a ten minute break while my mother began to yell at the movers. “Where the hell are we going to put this stuff,” one of the movers shrugged “I don’t know but we just deliver it”. “You guys are the worst movers hiring you was a big mistake,” the movers ignored her continuing to move their stuff into the house. “The inside of our house looks like a rat maze,” “what about the upper floor,” mentioned one of the movers moving in a large mattress. “Did you notice the stair frame missing stairs you . . .” the mattress slammed hard into the door as my mother finished her sentence with “blithering idiot”! I smiled as my mother continued to yell at the movers, I on the other hand was finally able to take it easy. Wiping my sweating brow under a burning sun, I finally took it easy for once. I was just sick of the constant moving of the wood that

264
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

I wanted a break. My father better spend a lot of time in this stupid barn for all the work that I was putting into it.
After cleaning the barn for what seemed like the hundredth time, I walked into the house as the movers pulled out the driveway. I bet they couldn’t wait to get out of our house. My mother was screaming from the porch her fist shaking in the air. “And I don’t want to see any of you back here again,” I walked up the stairs and saw that she was fuming. I was hoping to just be able to slink by but she turned and saw me. “Can you believe it . . . claim they couldn’t find the place,” “well,” I said trying to hide a smile. “I mean we are out in the middle of nowhere,” “yeah but a day late and then to ignore our instructions”. I shook my head, “well they probably had another job to go to, what do you want them to do hold on to all the stuff until the stairs our built”? “Well my own son sticking up for the crooks,” “well you sometimes have to put yourself in other people’s shoes.”

My mother wasn’t listening she just watched the road as the mover’s vans faded in the distance and soon the rumbling of their engines faded. My mother didn’t speak to me again ignoring the uncomfortable silence I decided to go inside. “Holy shit,” I whispered as I stared at boxes and piles of our possessions scattered over every inch of the first floor. My father was sliding in pieces into the frame breathing hard, “it’s like a maze in here”. Making my way through the pathway I moved my way into the kitchen. The kitchen contained boxes but these boxes read: dishes, pots, pans, food, and other kitchen related items. A loud banging could be heard from somewhere inside the house. I walked over to the sink and decided to get myself a drink when the banging got louder. “Jack stop that banging,” I almost dropped the cup in surprise. “I’m not banging on anything,” I almost could feel my father freeze. “Where is your . . .” just as my father trailed off my mother walked in, “will you stop

265
ROBBY RICHARDSON

with the banging it’s giving me a headache”! I walked back into the kitchen as the banging had come to a stop, I ignored the oncoming argument as my father replied “I wasn’t banging,” “oh please you were banging on those stairs all day today”.
I trailed off as I stared out the small kitchen window that sat over the sink. The corn waved as I saw figure retreating into the forest. A greasy blond haired woman dressed in a muddy and tattered white outfit. She was swallowed up by the corn and was gone before I even recognized what had happened. I shook my head not really sure if I wanted to accept what I had just seen.
The hours passed with much labor either with the stairs or creating pathways through our over crowded first floor. My father and mother were meant to be together and when the moon was high my father said “Your mother is going to be mad tomorrow about this not being fixed”. I smiled at my dad whose face reminded me of a bright beat. Ignoring dinner I decided to go to bed early, the last couple nights I had not gotten much sleep. However tonight I knew that a coma was sure to come. I made my way through the maze of boxes to a small pile of blankets that I had been sleeping in due to the upstairs being inaccessible. And almost too good to be true but the moment I hit the pillow I was out.

My eyes shot open as I heard a soft creak of a floorboard. The moon was not as bright as before but still cast a small shadow as the quiet house seemed to be stirring. I laid there hoping to be able to fall back asleep quickly before something could distract me. But a small shadow ran across the ceiling, “no,” I whispered to myself. I shut my eyes trying to convince myself that it was nothing. I am just going to lay here and fall asleep. I am not getting up for anything. Curiosity makes fools of us all and against every judgment I rose slightly from my bed. I squinted my eyes open and saw a large black

266
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

shadow moving wildly over the ceiling. My eyes opened wider, “it is nothing,” I heard myself say. Probably just a box or an article of clothing, yeah that had to be it. I began to close my eyes but they shot open again when a soft knocking could be heard.
This was not a dream, but the knocking continued I got up from my bed and listened to the quiet house. I felt the hairs stand on the back of my neck when I heard a soft mumbling, it was incoherent. “Who’s there” I asked. The mumbling stopped and the house was as quiet as ever. My voice was dry as I said “hello”? Crash!! I froze in my spot as I heard something shatter on the floor. I came running down the path. I saw a dark figure leap over the couch, the figure was feet in front of me, a mat of hair covered the face. I wasn’t sure if it was real or not, but when I heard my parents yell, “Jack . . . Jack”! I knew that I wasn’t dreaming.

The figure was already in the kitchen when I turned back to it. My parent’s distraction was ample time. This was not a “dream” figure that I had been seeing over the past couple nights this had to be a real person. I chased after the figure, who was pulling hard on the door knob. I was so close I could take him. My foot had caught something as I fell face forward. The door swung open as my hands grabbed for the intruder’s ankle. The intruder pulled from my grasp as a raspy voice yelled, “get off me kid”! The intruder’s ankle slipped through my fingers as I watched him bolt towards the endless stretch of corn that surrounded our house.

My mother came into the room as she said, “Jackie”? She bent over and began to examine me, “( James . . . call 911”! “Don’t worry,” my mother cooed as she began to pick me up, I had tripped over that lousy plastic garbage can. “Who was it Jack . . . did you get a good look at the intruder,” I shook my head. “It doesn’t matter,” she said honesty in every word. “Don’t worry the police will be here soon,”

267
ROBBY RICHARDSON

and my mother made sure we were all together as the police seemed to take their sweet time getting here. We waited on the porch until the red and blue lights broke the darkness over our “doll house”. My parents could not look more relieved to see them. My father rested his hand on my mother’s shoulder as she yelled “well it’s about friggin . . .” she stopped. My father smiled at her as two men exited the vehicle. One was a round fellow with a belly that stuck out like a sack of potatoes. He wore sliver sunglasses and chewed on toothpick. His cowboy hat was dirty and he smelled of cigarettes, he outstretched his hand, “good evening, you all called about the break in”? A shorter man came around the car resembling the rounder man. I took him to be the sheriff ’s son. A good old father and son activity, “as you might have guessed this is my son Deputy Jeffrey Withers and I am Sheriff Tom Withers”.

“Can you tell me what exactly happened,” “well I guess that would be up to Jack he saw everything”. My father patted my shoulder as my mother gave a soft, “he is our brave little guy”. The Sheriff chewed his toothpick as his unshaven face showed a faint interest, “Son check around the house and make sure that intruder isn’t still lurking around will ya”? “Sure thing pa,” his young face did not show a hint of age as his father seemed to have been taking the blunt of Old Man Time’s beatings. “What exactly did you see, Jack is it”? I nodded and told Sheriff Withers everything that had happened I ended with an “I think that she was looking for something”. Sherriff Withers was not remotely interested in what my beliefs of the situation were and my story did not seem to interest him either. “I think that we should have a talk Mr. and Mrs. Huntington, I am afraid we have been expecting something like this to happen”. “Expecting to happen,” my mother shouted but my father laid his hand on her shoulder again, “why would you be expecting this”? The sheriff grabbed his pants

268
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

and pulled them as he said “I am afraid that she has escaped from the hospital”. My father gave a worried look to my mother but I had to ask to satisfy my own curiosity. “Who escaped from the hospital,” the sheriff looked puzzled by the question, “why Jessica Daniels”? “Who is Jessica Daniels,” I asked but my mother gripped my father’s hand, “go inside Jack”. “But mom,” “go inside Jack,” she repeated. I gazed at my father, who nodded “go inside”. “You know who broke into our house,” “go’ my mother yelled, “who is Jessica Daniels”? My father was now growing angry as he yelled, “Get inside Jack”! I stormed from the porch and made my way through the maze. So my parents knew the intruder, they had been keeping secrets from me and I needed to find the answers.

(To Be Continued)






























269







Night #4

Who is Jessica Daniels?


The officers sat outside all night. Maybe it was because the town was quiet? Maybe because there was hardly ever any crime in this town, but they seemed intended on catching the intruder. His

parents seemed to know the intruder but how could that be? He would have to ask them but it would not be an easy task, especially sense his father had made his mother sit outside on the front porch to make sure that he completed the cleaning of that stupid barn. That was another mystery, what was up with that barn? Did I really not move all those wooden boards and clear out the pile of “shit”? He had to count it over several times feeling like he was beginning to learn remedial math again. If it was back to the way it was maybe his father would actually believe him. “I’m not moving all that shit again,” I could hear myself say as I still lay with the sun beginning to pour through the windows.

It was still early and I groaned slightly I hated being tired and not able to fall asleep. It was a problem that few would know or even understand. Ever since we moved into this house strange things had been happening and they seemed to happen every night. How could he spend two full days of labor and somehow it just magically returns

270
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

to its original condition. No I didn’t believe that . . . I couldn’t believe that. It just didn’t make sense but then again ever sense I came here nothing was making sense. The first night I had seen a figure at the top of the stairs. The stairs lay unfinished and the second floor was unreachable, “it was dream”. I heard myself whisper sleepily. A dark figure had hung from the tree in our front yard and what about the figure that stood in the middle of the street? Could that figure be somehow related to the person that broke into our house? Maybe it was the same person? If only he had hung onto the burglar’s ankles a bit longer. He didn’t think he would ever forget that voice and the way his hands were thrown from the intruder’s ankles. The hoarse voice was so cold, “get off me kid”! Jack almost could feel the intruder’s ankles pull away as if slipping through his fingers all over again.

The intruder had long hair almost a greasy oil look to it. I was almost sure that the intruder was a girl but I couldn’t be positive about that. Everything about the situation was insane to begin with. The house was weird and things were only starting to get worse. When I finally opened my eyes I tried to hide the dread of waking and the thought of what “unusual” incident would happen now? “YOU FINISH THAT DUMB STAIRCASE,” my mother was screaming from the kitchen. It was funny because I had never really heard them fight before. However through the maze of boxes and stepping around furniture our house was getting more and more like a mouse trap. “The stairs will be done by tomorrow,” “I WANT THEM DOWN NOW”! My parents never fought in front of me and it was a very humorous situation. They would usually start arguing in the kitchen but eventually they would always end up in the garage. I felt myself smile into my pillow where would they go to argue now? There was no more refuge, no more safe haven. Maybe they would argue out in the middle of the rotting barn outside.

271
ROBBY RICHARDSON

Finally unable to ignore the yells and pretend that I was still sleeping I began to rise and walk through the many pathways towards the kitchen. As I entered my mother had finished “Well it better be done by tomorrow or you’re going to sleep outside in that shit hole that you call your future workplace.” “Don’t worry about it I’ll have Jack . . .” he stopped when I entered the kitchen they looked at me as my mother wrapped herself tighter in her robe. “Oh hey Jackie your father and I were just . . . talking” I shook my head a little, “I’m not five anymore, I could hear your,” my fingers made air quotations as I said “talking”. “I will get started now huh,” my father gave a nervous little smirk making his face resemble a round egg. “You do that,” she muttered her tone still stern she turned back to me, “you will help him right”? I shrugged “I’m sure unless I have to move all that wood again”? “Again,” my mother repeated, “why would you have to move it all again”?

I hesitated a moment not really sure if I wanted to go down this road and so early in the morning. My mother’s face was filled with concern, “it’s just I spent all day moving those boards.” She nodded, “I know” I however was shaking mine, “no there is something wrong with this house”. She smiled “Oh I think somebody is home sick,” I shook my head again “not home sick, I’m being serious, there has been a lot of weird stuff going on around here”. She placed her hand on my shoulder “don’t worry Jack soon you will get attached to this house as I did”. “Is the sheriff still out there,” deciding to change the subject was probably the best idea. I wasn’t even sure if I was ready to tell her the full story because I didn’t even know all the details. What had I stepped into when I arrived at this house? “Yeah they are still out there. I’m sorry that you had to see that last night, it must have been awful you were really brave to try to fight her off ”. I almost felt like I had crashed into a back wall so it was a girl. “It was a girl,”

272
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

I asked as I watched my mother’s face fall when she had realized her mistake. “So you do know who did this,” her eyes narrowed in suspicion as she seemed to be dwelling on the best way to answer the question.
“No,” I somehow knew she was going to take it this way always trying to hide the world from me. “Mom, you are a really bad liar can you just be honest please,” “I am being honest,” she snapped back. Her face was growing redder always a danger sign with her. If I was going to proceed with this conversation I would have to do it in a very delicate manner. “It’s just weird mom, I mean we are out here in the middle of nowhere. Why would a girl break into OUR house, you don’t find that a little . . .” “That’s enough Jack! I don’t want to hear anymore and I won’t stand for your accusations . . . now go! Go help your father with that staircase”! “But mom she wasn’t just a burglary, I think she was looking for something,” but my mom did not seem interested in the slightest. She just pointed out the kitchen “Out Jack get out there and help your father”! “But what about the sheriff outside,” “Those officers will stay there until they deem it safe”.

I shook my head, “so you expect the girl to come back huh”? My mother was about to yell when I said, “I know, I know . . . out”. I turned from her and walked through the maze of boxes to try and find the best path to the stairs. I decided to climb over our large sofa where my dad was already hastily placing boards on the stairs to form the actual steps. Maybe I could get some answers from my father? Obviously everybody knew who this person was because the sheriff wouldn’t still be outside waiting for her to come back. What did I really expect to do when I first saw her slinking off into the corn fields? I had never really gotten a good look at her. If I knew later that night she would be breaking into my house then I should

273
ROBBY RICHARDSON

have called out to my parents. I should have told them when I had the chance, but what was in the past would have to stay there. The fact remained that my parents were keeping something from me and I needed to find out everything I could.
“Hey dad,” my father wiped his sweating face, “hey Jack,” he replied with a small smile. ‘Whenever you are ready you can come and help me you know,” he looked around at the almost finished staircase. “It’s almost done,” “it looks good” I said not really interested in the stair’s craftsmanship. “So dad what did the sheriff and deputy talk to you guys last night about,” my father stared at me. He looked unsure if he really wanted to answer the question, “Well . . . it’s adult business, nothing for you to worry about”. I groaned “come on dad don’t give me that adult business”. “How about you grab a hammer and help your poor father out,” not really sure what to say next. “I will dad can you just please tell me who is Jessica Daniels”? My father gave another unsure look at me, “she . . . well, she . . . used to live here, we bought the house from her”. “Live here,” I said gazing around the house, “but why would she . . .” my father shook his head, “no more questions Jack just get over here and help me”.

Constructing the stairs was hard work and soon the stairs began to finish. My father gave me the honors of hammering in the final nail. We stood at the top of the stairs and patted each other on the back. My father was happy enough for the both of us. He stared down at his creation as he yelled “hunny come in here for a second”! Footsteps could be heard coming through the pathway as she stopped almost dropping the dish that she was wiping dry. Her mouth was wide with shock, “oh my god it looks beautiful”. My father shrugged “well not beautiful but I will stain it and everything. It won’t look so . . .” My mother smiled, “I am just happy we can clear this stuff out of here”. He just smiled back, my mother waved her arm, “You

274
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

can take forever on the staining I just wanted to get some room in this place”.
With the stairs complete now it was time to move everything up them. My father sweating profusely began with me bringing all of our stuff up the stairs. Box after box we grudgingly carried up the stairs. The hours passed as the first floor began to empty slowly. After several minutes of complaining my father answered my pleas of food with “alright just help me with this couch and then we can eat”. “Couch,” I groaned, “well do you want this couch in your new room”. “I guess,” I said not really wanting to carry a heavy sofa up the stairs. “But what about the living room,” my father began to grip the couch, “your mother wants a whole new set . . . out with the old in with the new I guess huh?”

“Yeah whatever,” I replied in a very tired tone, “let’s just get this couch up . . . I’m starving”! Gripping the couch we hoisted it up and began to climb the wooden stairs. “Wait stop,” I yelled, my father’s face was all red as my mothers did whenever she got angry. “The stairs are going to collapse,” his father gave a soft, “no Jack they are fine I am a carpenter after all”. I applied more pressure onto the second step and the stairs groaned with discomfort. “Dad are you . . .” “Just go Jack this couch is heavy as shit”. Despite my better judgment I began to hoist the couch up the stairs. They creaked and groaned with every step and maybe it was my imagination but I thought I heard some of the wood cracking. My father either growing tired or worried that his precious stairs might collapse hurting us both he began to push harder, “come Jack hurry up”! “Alright,” I yelled back reaching a small landing, my dad called it “the halfway point”. However the large wooden boards gave a groan that was unlike the previous. This groan actually made me yell, “Stop dad the wood is . . .” I felt the wood beginning to crack, “hurry Jack,” yelled my

275
ROBBY RICHARDSON

father. “Wait dad,” I yelled but the wood snapped and I felt my feet almost sinking through the wood, “dad I’m going to . . .” Crack, I let out a little yell of terror as I fell through the stairs. I must have fallen about eight feet as I hit something hard, shattered wood rained down upon me as I covered myself. I heard the couch drop onto the stairs, which began to groan louder. “Jack, Jack,” my father’s voice was distorted and seemed miles away. I don’t know how long I laid there but when I opened my eyes I was staring into blackness. I was almost not sure if my eyes were fully opened. My father was looking down at me through the giant hole in the stairs.

“Jack, are you alright,” my father’s voice was worried and scared. “Yea dad,” I said weakly, “I told you the stairs was breaking”! My father gave a soft, “I know Jackie I am sorry”. I began to wipe the rubble off of my legs as I began to take notice of my surroundings. It was dark and the dust filled the room like a thick fog. It smelled old and felt like a crypt. “Dad,” I asked as my father began to stretch out his hand towards me, “take my hand Jack”. I began to get up, my tailbone and back was sore. In addition, my legs didn’t feel right either. As soon as I put pressure on my legs, they wobbled dangerously. I began to reach my hand for my father to pull me up, when I noticed a stairway leading down into darkness. I began to retreat from my father’s outstretched hand, “Jack where are you going”? I began to move closer to the stairs edge, “hey dad there is a stairway leading down here”. “I know Jack, take my hand,” “but dad I think there is a room down here”. “I know Jack,” he said starting to get angry, “will you just take my hand Jack so I can pull you out”! Reluctantly I walked over to my father’s hand and gripped it, “you knew that it was down here”? My father began to pull me up as he said through his pain, “yes we knew about it”. As my father lifted


276
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

me out of the hole I wondered, why would they build a staircase over another room? It was obvious they wanted to keep it hidden but why?

(To Be Continued)














































277







Night #5

The Mysterious Jessica Daniels


My father hoisted me out of the hole and began to examine me over, but my mother was the one that made a big deal out of it. When my father helped me over the couch and brought me

down to the bottom of the stairs. My mother nearly fainted when she came into the room seeing my father walk me over to a dining room chair. “OH my god, what the hell happened,” thankfully my father began explaining the entire situation. I was able to rest letting my throbbing muscles relax as I felt like I had been hit by a car. Before I knew it my mother was shoving ice over the back of my head. “What were you thinking,” my mother yelled but once again I began to drift away. What the hell was that room? Why would my parents want to cover the room up? Why wouldn’t that want to use it?

“I am sorry,” “your mistake almost killed our son”! My father’s face fell “I don’t know what happened it shouldn’t have broken”. My mother’s hand rested on my forehead, “and you call yourself a carpenter . . . I wouldn’t hire you to make a desk you old fool”. I never saw my father turn that shade of white as he gulped a little replying, “I know let me fix it and we can continue with bringing the stuff up the stairs, “no . . . YOU are going to bring some of

278
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

the stuff upstairs until I see that the stairs are suited for humans”. “Mom,” I said tugging on her arm a little “your making this a big deal, I’m fine . . . look”. I began to stand as my mother seemed to clench me thinking that the fall knocked out my ability to walk. “Are you sure . . . you look a little peaky,” “peaky” I laughed. My mother brushed my cheek, “why don’t you go lay down while your father fixes the stairs”. My fathers head sunk, “yes dear,” she nodded and led me to the living room where our family had been residing for the past four nights. Brandon lay curled in his little bed taking one of his usual twenty daily naps. “Mom,” I said starting to shrug her off “please I am not that hurt”. “I know but you know mothers,” “yeah” I replied. “Just stop acting like one,” she rubbed my head “my little man is growing up so fast”. She stood there as I climbed into my bed. I was about to ask her to leave feeling a slight bit of embarrassment, when she asked “Are you sure you are ok”? I nodded trying to sound as convincing as possible “yeah mom I am fine trust me”.

Finally releasing the urge to coddle me one more time, she smiled as she walked away leaving me to rest my aching muscles. I didn’t get much sleep maybe it was the was the sun pouring into my eyes, maybe it was the aching in my bones, or maybe it was my father pounding nails and boards fixing the hole in the stairs? Either way sleep was not something I was capable of my thoughts began to dwell on the previous night. There was only question that I wanted answered, who is Jessica Daniels? “She had lived here before them,” he whispered to himself. But why did she leave, “no,” I whispered . . .

the real question was why was she trying to get into the house? Why would she need to break into our house? If she had left something here I was sure my parents would give it to her. Maybe she didn’t know or maybe she didn’t want us to know? I could almost feel a trickle of greed fill my insides, could it be treasure? I almost felt

279
ROBBY RICHARDSON

myself laugh, a treasure . . . a treasure my parents would want to keep hidden. After what seemed like an hour or two my father called to my mother calling for her inspection.
Deciding that it was probably time to get up, I rose from my bed to see my mother pushing around the couch that still lay in the middle of the stairs. My mother prowled the stairs like a lion would prowl its prey. She scanned every inch of the floor applying pressure to every inch, “well” asked my father. My mother bit her lip as she pointed her finger at him, “mark my words if Jack falls again I will be filling out divorce papers by the end of this night”.

With my mother’s approval my father and I decided to continue our family’s expansion into the second floor. The first thing that needed to be done was the couch. My father insisted on taking the front this time. We lifted the heavy couch all the way to the top of the stairs. “Move it to the side,” cried my father “let’s get your bed in their first”. My father smiled as he headed down the stairs I stared down at the wooden floor. I almost felt chills running down my skin as I glanced up to stare down a dark hallway that the sun rays did not even seem to penetrate. I saw the large tower like room at the end of the hallway another room sat to the left of it. I followed the wall until my eyes rested upon a door to my left a few feet ahead of me. To ease my curiosity I opened the door to discover a full bathroom, a small one but one that looked brand new. The door directly to my left was open. My father was already carrying another box up the stairs. “I see you admiring my new office,” “office,” I repeated. Carrying the box directly into the room and dropping it, “Yeah workshop in the barn . . . office up here. So are you going to help me or continue to stare absent mindedly”? I shrugged not really sure what I wanted to do, “well can you at least push the couch to your room then”? “Me,” I yelled, “yeah,” he said beginning to push the couch towards my

280
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

room. “It slides easily on the floor,” I groaned as I began to push the couch. My father retreated leaving me in the dark hallway.
I pushed the couch gazing at the freshly painted white walls, the wooden floors looked brand new. I stared up at a brass air vent which immediately caught my attention. A faint whistling seemed to come from the deepest depths of the vent. I released the couch and moved closer to it. The whistling had turned into soft sobbing. “What the hell is that,” I asked as I pressed my ear closer to the vent. It sounded like a little girl sobbing slightly but the sobbing began to change. The sobbing had been replaced by a soft wailing. The sounds of a little girl wailing echoed through the vent and began to grow louder. “Jack,” the wailing came to an abrupt halt, my dad stood in the hallway staring at me. “What are you doing,” he asked me, “did you hear that”? He looked at me confused, “hear what exactly”? “Somebody was crying,” “crying” asked my father who stared at me confusion clear. He stared at the vent and then down at me, he clearly could not hear anything. I pressed my ear to the wall and heard nothing the house was silent.

“Are you feeling ok, maybe that fall hurt you more then you think? Maybe you heard Brandon crying”? I shook my head, “no it’s not that dad”! “You didn’t hear it,” my dad was even more confused “what exactly am I supposed to be listening for . . . that crying”? I nodded, “You really can’t hear anything”? In such a disbelieving tone he asked, “No, can you”? I listened hard but still the house remained silent, I could almost feel myself pleading for something, anything to make me not look like a loon to my father. My dad looked at me unsure as he asked, “So are we going to stand here all day listening for sounds that aren’t really there”? Regretfully I pulled away. I wish I could have stayed there listening for the crying. Maybe if I heard it I could locate it, maybe even possibly identify it. However what was

281
ROBBY RICHARDSON

there to identify despite the fact of a major absence of a girl in my family. The fact that crying was something nobody in my family did except for Brandon.
Ding . . . Dong . . . . My dad and I almost jumped at the sound of our doorbell. It was the very first time we heard it and before the doorbell finished, a soft crackling sound could be heard. I almost expected the vent to start coughing up dust when the doorbell seemed to die. “Who could that be,” came my mother’s soft voice as she entered our large foyer. “It’s a girl,” I heard her say as she opened the door with a polite, “hello dear”? I heard a kind a voice reply, “Hello, you must be the new neighbors”? My father gave me a pat on the back, “I better go help your mother. Would you mind getting that couch out of the middle of the hallway please before your mother sees”?

My father retreated as I heard my mother say, “No please come in”. I heard the door open wider and footsteps on the wooden floor. “I love what you have done with the place,” the voice said. Deciding to feed my curiosity I walked over to the landing and gazed down at the first floor. My mother was standing across from a girl who looked maybe a year or two older than me. She was very pretty with a head full of red hair that curled slightly at the end. She was kind of pale but the freckles on her face gave her a rosy kind of glow. My mother said “James this is . . . I am sorry dear I didn’t really catch your name was it Cindy, Candy . . .” the girl laughed, “no Kathy, Kathy Richmond”. My mother shook her hand, “so you are our neighbors, where do you live exactly”? Kathy gave a an airily wave, “oh just a couple miles down the road so few people left in this dying town, I haven’t seen new people move in since . . .” she froze. “Well . . . ever, you guys really did a good job cleaning up this house,” my mother frowned seeing boxes still scattered over the floor. “Your too kind Kathy, but how did you get here dear”? Kathy just smiled “Oh well

282
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

I like to go on walks and your house is on the way so I just decided to stop in and say hey”.
“I know my parents would think of it very rude of me to not offer you some good old fashioned Coopersville hospitality”. My mother and father gave polite little laughs, “I am sorry but I didn’t think that this town was big enough to have hospitality”. “Why don’t we have your family over for dinner sometime”? I watched the smile curl over her face, “I know my family would just love that, we will be in touch”. My mother smiled, “well it’s great to know that we have nice people like you right around the corner”. Kathy turned and gripped the door knob, “oh we are a lot closer than that”. I saw my mother and father exchange glances as she smiled again “I’ll be talking to you soon enjoy the house”. Kathy left the house with a gentle slam of the door. The absence of words stayed between my parents. I broke the silence with a loud, “well . . . that was . . . weird”. My mother looked up at me, “I thought she was nice”. My father just nodded in agreement, “nice,” clapping her hands together “alright you two why don’t you get back to work”. She pointed up to me, “Jack if you want you can start getting your room together . . . maybe we can all sleep in our actual beds tonight huh”?

It was funny but as my mother broke away and returned to the kitchen. I watched to see Kathy cross our driveway and make her way back to the street. My father began to grab at boxes as I just continued to stare out the windows. Kathy never made it to the road, “maybe she went around”. “Maybe who went around,” asked my father carrying a large box labeled clothes. “I never saw Kathy go back to the road . . . I mean she walked here right, she didn’t come here through the corn right”? My dad carried the box of clothes into the largest of the four rooms and dropped it loudly onto the wooden floor. “So how do you like the future bedroom of your mother

283
ROBBY RICHARDSON

and me,” not really interested in what my father was saying I just mumbled something that I hope was a response. “Have you checked your room,” I mumbled, “huh”? “Jack,” my father yelled as I seemed to snap back into reality. “Forget about Kathy alright,” I shrugged “I know it is just . . . weird”. My father gave a small smile as he waved, “go check out your room”.
“Yeah,” I said nodding “that sounds really cool”. I shook Kathy from my mind as I moved past the couch. I made sure to keep my eyes closely on the air vent as I passed. Thankfully the sobbing and wailing didn’t occur, it remained silent. I entered a large circular room the ceiling turned into a large cone giving it that “doll house” look. Windows surrounded my room as I got a great view of the town, every corn covered mile of it. I walked around the room, “I like it,” I heard myself say. The walls were freshly painted the carpet was a dazzling white, which looked brand new as well. The whole room seemed redone and everything brand new. I stared out each window catching nothing but a couple barns and a lonely street. The street lay empty except for “oh my god,” I slightly screamed. A figure was waving at me from the edge of the street its sheet of greasy and dirty blond hair clumped together. “She’s back,” I whispered I watched her raise something to her lips. As clear as day I knew she was telling me to hush up. If the confusion I had felt over the past couple of days reached a limit I was sadly mistaken. I watched the figure begin to wave me towards her and instead of the fear I should be feeling, I smiled. “You can’t be serious,” I whispered the figure must have sensed my skepticisms. The figure pointed right at me and waved again, what the hell is going on? Where the hell was the Sheriff and Deputy?

The figure continued to wave for me but my confusion began to diminish and instead a sense of curiosity filled me. This had to be the same person that had broken into our house. Maybe some answers

284
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

could come from the figure? And like a bolt of lighting it hit me, it was Jessica Daniels waving at me. Jessica Daniels the former owner of this house. I turned and walked from the window, out my door, passed the couch, and down the stairs. “What are you doing Jack,” I whispered listening to my parents talking in the kitchen. I gripped the front door. “Are you sure you want to do this”? Quickly gazing around I found an umbrella and would have laughed but anything was better than nothing.

I quickly exited the front door. The dark figure had gone from the edge of the road. I gazed down every inch of the “corn line” when I saw a dark figure walking deep within the field. I began to walk closer to the corn feeling ridiculous clenching an umbrella for a weapon. I moved along the walk around porch and lightly dropped on the grass. I moved around the edge of the house. The windows stopped and a wooden wall covered with vines replaced them. The sun was still high in the sky but the wind seemed gentle. I moved around the back of the house where a huge prairie covered the entire backyard. “Hello,” I yelled but the wind was my only response. “Jack,” came a hoarse voice from behind me. I turned and fell into a large pile of dirt. The umbrella flew from my hand. I stared up at a dirty woman with blond hair too filthy to be recognized. It had a dirty, greasy, and muddy look to it. Her clothes were something a hospital patient would wear as her face was covered in patches of dirt. She stared down, her face exhausted and tired an almost dead look in her bloodshot eyes. She breathed hard as she glared down at me, “glad you came”. Her voice sounded unused and foreign to her, “Are you Jessica Daniels”? She froze every word seemed tired as she exclaimed, “We need to talk”.

(To Be Continued in Second Mini-Series)

285

















Symphony #1




Song of the Mockingbird

(Lost Novella)

By

Robby Richardson












Dedication



To the love of my life

Aimee

Writing is easy with inspiration like you
































289








Chapter 1

Dance of Seduction



You Are Cordially Invited To The Wedding Of

Princess Amee Kleiniu of Olenos

To

Prince Ariston of Salamis

“What does it mean here cordially invited to the wedding of . . .” Princess Amee was standing in her room. Her father stood in front of her dressed in the darkest gold. His crown

sat on his head which seemed to make his face droop slightly. He swept his plumb colored robe as he bellowed as his large belly bulged with joy “I have promised your hand to King Triston’s son”. Amee almost lost her lace head dress as she jumped back in shock. The torches lit the stone walls making her father’s shadow raise silhouetted in the background. “But dad I have never even met him, I don’t love him!” He waved his hand, “love matters not. Love can be learned and gained, but the alliance of Salamis will ensure the safety and growth of our fair kingdom.” Amee began to shake her head “I won’t go through with it!” “You will go through with it,’ he approached her as Amee recoiled in fright. She wasn’t quick enough

291
ROBBY RICHARDSON

for her father’s legendary grip which clenched around her throat, “you will go through it . . .” “Or what, you can’t kill me, what good would I be to you then, dad,” his face was red with anger as he threw her to the floor. “I am your king and you will do as I say you hear me,” Amee began to sob on the floor as her father looked down at her with disgust. “You will prepare for the Winter Festival and we shall officially announce your engagement . . . you will be there!” He stormed from the room as the large wooden doors shut sending the marble walls to echo the sound several times.

After her handmaidens drew her hot bath filled with roses and jasmine. She was dressed as the courtyard to her giant estate began to fill. Torches were lit with a band beginning to play light hearted songs as guests began to enter. Amee tried to keep her composure as she was pampered and dressed in a fine pink dress that hung over her right shoulder. Large stones lined the stitches as a small amount of gems were tied into her mound of smooth blond hair. It was hard to keep her make up straight when random tears fell every couple of seconds. Feeling the time of her engagement drawing closer all she wanted was to find her true love. “Have you found Kyros,” one of her hand maidens leaned in, “I have sent somebody too look for him your majesty, we will sneak him up when the coast is clear”. In the mirror her reflections was stunning but her beautiful face showed inner turmoil.

Her eyes were so watery she couldn’t dream of going downstairs and face the countless number of noblemen and guests. She trembled slightly at the thought of standing there and taking a mysterious man’s hand with the idea of an arranged marriage. The truth was her heart already belonged to another. “Amee,” came a soft voice from what seemed like far away. The doors opened and a man crept into the room. Her hands covered her face as she stared at her beloved.

292
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

She almost threw all her maidens off as she ran to him and embraced him in a huge hug. She repeatedly kissed him over and over until she felt him push her back.
She shook her head as she tried to kiss him more, “Amee I have to ask you something”? Amee put a finger to his lips “please don’t I need you now”. Kyros took her hands, “Why are you doing this? You swore your heart and love to me”. She felt more tears coming to her eyes as the music grew louder, “my father arranged the marriage for some kind of military alliance”. “But that means you’re going to leave me,” she sniffled “no I won’t go, I won’t leave you”. He ran his hand over his cheek and with such reluctance, “you have to go”. She began to cry harder as she tried to hold on to the man she loved. “Don’t worry though,” he lifted her chin as she looked up at him. “I’ll follow you,” he wiped the tears from her eyes, “I’ll come with”. “What if it is . . .” he pressed his finger to her lips this time, “I would travel to the underworld and back just to be with you”.

The wooden doors opened, “My lady the escort approaches”. “I can’t believe he is going to have you tonight,” she leaned in and kissed him deeply “It is only my body. He can never have my heart”. “My lady,” whispered the maiden as Amee pushed him out a secret entrance behind her bed, “go I’ll see you at the ball”. His golden locks fell slightly around his pierced ears. His eyes were as blue as the sea and despite being a soldier. They contained a kindness she had never seen. His smile shone like Apollo’s lantern but his look was a very somber one. It seemed as if Hades himself had given him the bad news. Amee’s maidens gathered around her again and began to reapply her make up as the doors burst open again. Guards entered the room as a senior guard stepped forward. “Ladies, please,” he waved the girls away as Amee nodded for their departure. “We are here to escort you to meet your husband Prince Ariston, your father

293
ROBBY RICHARDSON

is about to announce your marriage”. “I am a servant for his majesty,” she replied robotically. The guard moved aside as she began to walk out the doors towards the Winter Festival which would also serve as an engagement party. Guards surrounded Amee as they led her around the back of the courtyard, where she was able to watch her father ascend the stairs and stand in front of what seemed like a few hundred people who had ceased their dancing. Amee watched her father outstretch his arms to the crowd as the music died immediately. His voice boomed, “My good people our Winter Festival has been graced with so many blessings. “We honor many members from the Republic here to tonight,” people applauded in politeness. “We are also here to announce brighter days for our beloved Olenos. I bring much joy in saying the King of Salamis’s son has fallen in love with my daughter, Princess Amee.” The crowd began to cheer loudly as Amee felt a nausea feeling in her stomach as the guard leaned into her, “your father will announce you . . .” Amee snapped, “I know when to go, I don’t need your babbling in my ear!” The guard looked offended but straightened himself up, “as you wish your majesty”. Amee turned back to her father who was still addressing the crowd. “With this unity our little empire will be sure to grow into a new golden age”. The crowd again erupted in applause, “The prince has sailed all the way here to meet his bride to be . . . So let me be the first to introduce you to Prince Ariston of Salamis”!

A man dressed in a golden outfit began to ascend the stairs. He had a small black mustache which seemed to twirl slightly. He had a certain rosy touch on his cheeks that she had only seen come out with the darkest blush. He waved down at the cheering people of Olenos but in truth he didn’t seem to show the slightest bit of emotion. His face was as unreadable as the Egyptian myths. Her father turned to her and anger boiled inside of her as she saw a relieved look sweep

294
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

over his face. He turned back to the crowd as Amee straightened out her dress as her father continued, “And now to introduce his future wife, my daughter Princess Amee.”
A loud eruption of applause roared from the crowd as Amee stepped up the stone steps and walked up to the top where her father had given her the “public” hug. He gave a fake smile as his hand took hers and they gave a little bow. Her father joined her hand with her future husbands as they turned to gaze upon each others face for the first time. He had a pampered look with skin as white as milk. Even his hands didn’t seem like they had ever seen the “difficult” task of writing a letter. Amee turned to her people as they continued to cheer and applaud as her father raised his hands into the air, “It is my pleasure to officially announce the engagement of these two and may both our kingdoms move into a new golden age”. The crowd gave one final applause as the king yelled, “Now drink, dance, and be merry the Winter Festival is a time for a joy,” he clapped his hands. “Now cue the music and everybody dance and be merry,” Amee’s father turned to her, “I want you to dance and get to know your husband. It wouldn’t sit right with the nobles or senators if they don’t see you two out there”. The prince nodded politely as Amee followed his lead and gave an obedient little nod.

The king nodded down at her “good girl”. Amee lowered herself and gave a monotone “your majesty”. The king gave a final nod and descended the stairs, “now if you’ll excuse me I am going to mingle with our guests.” Amee turned back to the prince, who was unable to find anything to save as she gave a false little smirk. He was nothing like Kyros and gave off a boring feeling as if nothing was entertaining or good enough for him to devote any of his attention too. He raised his hand to her never saying a word as she gave a slight bow and rested her hand in his. The prince escorted her down the stairs and without

295
ROBBY RICHARDSON

saying a word they were able to enter a dance routine. Never smiling once, the young prince moved gracefully through the routine without saying a word or making a passing glance to her. The music was loud as the laughter from the crowd seemed to help the awkward silence pass. When the band finished their number, the prince gripped her hand and gave it a tiny kiss. He escorted her through the crowd of people who were constantly congratulating the couple. The prince brought Amee over to her hand maidens. He released her hand and gave her a little bow. His voice sounded weak almost pathetic as he gazed up to her with eyes absence of any love or tenderness. “I shall come to your chambers tonight,” Amee gave a soft gulp as she gave a false little smile “I would like that”. He smiled and walked away withdrawing a small container and rubbing something onto his lips. Not even glancing back to Amee he disappeared into the crowd.

The night began to grow colder as the clouds began to roll in covering the moon. The torches and flames all flickered and were soon on the verge of blowing out. Her breath seemed to freeze in the air as from the top of the steps emerged a dark figure. A man dressed in the darkest and finest of fabrics. He stood with such a demeanor that Amee saw her father’s knees wobble slightly. The man glowered down at the crowd as his dark black cape swept behind him as if it was nothing more than smoke. He seemed to glide down the stairs as the crowd of people parted as he entered. This man seemed to hold the entire room in the palm of his hand. “Who is he,” the man brushed his dark black hair back. His face had a chiseled look to it but it was a face that demanded respect. He raised his hands and clapped them, “by all means don’t stop on the account of me”. He waved his hands and the band began to strike up as soon as the first note was played the room became immediately warmer. The torches didn’t flicker anymore and laughter could be heard once again.

296
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Amee nearly jumped when a hand rested upon her shoulders. She turned to stare into the innocent face of her beloved Kyros. She had to fight the urge to hug him. The sudden thrill at gazing into his blue eyes was gone and now replaced with a sudden panic. “Kyros,” she exclaimed brushing one of her stray blond hairs away from her face. “You shouldn’t be here, what if the prince or the king sees,” Kyros gave an unconcerned shake of his head. “I don’t care, I have to see you, be near you”. Amee took a step back, “I can’t . . . tonight has shown me that we can never be together, if you were a prince or of noble blood then I would in a heartbeat”. Kyros couldn’t hide his shock “What has happened to you? What changed”? Amee shook her head even more, “my father is going to make me go through with this . . . your just not worthy of me . . . your . . . your nothing, and will always be nothing more than a mere soldier”. Kyros took a step closer to her, “please Amee . . .” “No Kyros”! She shook her head with a certain finality, “this has to end, and this is my life now”. Kyros stepped forward, “one dance doesn’t change your heart or your feelings towards me”. “I am sorry but we can not be together,” Amee turned from Kyros and stormed through the crowd as more people congratulated her.

She was almost free from the mass when a hand grabbed her shoulder she thought that Kyros had chased after her but was surprised to stare up into the suspicious face of her father. His golden crown sat on his head like something from Mt. Olympus and in a forced calm asked, “Who were you talking too”? It took all her strength to try and give a smile to her father, her heart felt incomplete without Kyros to “run” it. “Who . . . Kyros,” her father gave a look of minor disgust, “and who exactly is he”? “He is a soldier father . . . thought the armor and the sword where a dead giveaway”. Her father’s face seemed to shake with anger, “I know he is a soldier!

297
ROBBY RICHARDSON

How is it that you are entertaining him, when your future husband is over there being entertained by all the men in the drama”? Amee looked over and saw her future husband giggling joyfully as many of the actors seemed to swoon around him. “I want you to go over and not to think of yourself for once in your life,” if her heart could have shriveled and died at any point in her life it would have been then. “You are getting married tomorrow and if I see that soldier near you again I will have him tortured and killed”. “But dad that is the first time I have ever,” his plumb colored cape swept behind him as he seemed to dwarf several people. “Enough, the only men in your life will be your husband and me,” he escaped into the crowd as Amee seemed to wobble on the spot.

Her hand maidens had to grip her slightly as one even whispered, “your majesty you mustn’t cry you are going to attract to much attention.” Amee nodded, “your right of course, I guess I better go over there and . . .” Amee wiped away a solo tear trying to regain her composure. Her emotions were out of control like a barrel rolling down a steep hill. A voice boomed from behind her, “my dear, my dear”. Amee turned to see the man in black staring down at her sympathy in his stern face. “Oh my darling,” he said with such a simper in his voice as he approached her. She felt her head droop as the man seemed to over power everybody in the room. Her hand maidens seemed almost forced to the ground as they bowed with such reverence.

“Why does a beauty like you shed even a single tear,” he swept his robes behind him as the crowd seemed to part as he approached. “I am sorry my lord but I do not know your name,” he smiled at her as he grabbed her chin and raised her face. “And here I am thinking that every one knew who I was,” she shook her head. “No, I am sorry my lord,” the man gave a reassuring smile to her “but I think

298
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

you do as a matter of fact I think everyone knows me”. Amee stared at the man and still looked confused, “I am sorry but I still don’t recognize you”. He raised his hand and took hers, “sooner or later my dear beauty doesn’t lie within a name, it lies within the heart”. His lips kissed the top of her palm as it seemed to sizzle slightly on her hand. Her heart began to flutter in a way that Kyros could only do. His eyes contained a mystery but held a dark flame hidden in their depths. “I have seen every heart in this place and your beauty has stolen my dead one.”

“Why would your heart be dead . . .” he took her hand and ignored her question. “I promise after one dance you will beg to know my name,” leading her to the dance floor all the lights seemed to dim as if the very world would sit on the side lines. The stars seemed to brighten around them as lust filled his eyes. He took her hand bowed even lower than she had. Amee couldn’t stop the smile spreading across her face. The mysterious gentlemen smirked at her. “Even a god must bow before your beauty”. Amee gave a tiny blush as the man began to swing her around. They danced different then everybody else as they danced almost seductively on the floor. Amee knew that Kyros was watching. She could almost feel the room growing warmer with his jealousy. Her heart seemed slower but butterflies seemed to flap wildly in her stomach with each caress and touch of his hand.

He was a man that took what he wanted and vowed to settle for nothing else than the best. The music seemed to dim as well and the very room grew silent her emotions were stretched to the breaking point as if each player was competing for the grand prize, her heart. However her heart would always remain with Kyros but all of society wouldn’t agree with their relationship or marriage. Kyros would just have to get over that plain and simple. However the thought of her

299
ROBBY RICHARDSON

new “husband” made her want to vomit in disgust. She stared into the mature and confident face of the mysterious man who seemed to take in every movement of their bodies. With one dramatic twirl she fell over his leg as he gracefully caught her. His hand ran through her hair as she stared into his calm face. He had no shred of fear as the song came to an end. He held her tightly in her grasp as if he didn’t want to let her go. “You are the most beautiful woman I have ever laid my eyes upon.” Amee rose up “I have never seen dancing like that”. The man gave an arrogant smile, “The heart wants what the heart wants”.

Amee gave a little bow, “well unfortunately sir, my heart and body are taken by husband”. He gave a similar bow, “Who . . . the soldier or that prissy prince”? Amee took a step back in disbelief stammering, “How . . . how”? “Let’s just say when it comes to power,” he leaned in and whispered “I have it all”. “Who are you,” he swept his cape, “It means nothing, you will see me again. Be assured I will be back”. He swept away and disappeared into the crowd leaving Amee to wobble on her feet. She had never been so taken by a man before not even with Kyros. He had so much power, and she didn’t even know anything about him. It was a true dance of seduction and it left her heart wanting more.

As she watched the man climbing the flight of stairs, he turned back and with one more sweep of his cloak he walked through the archway and was gone. The man’s presence was quickly forgotten as the party goers continued their meaningless chatter and gossip. The sudden urge was now gone as a realization came over her. She suddenly felt so dirty and wished she could have a man that just loved her for her. And soon Kyros came to her head and now the only one she and her heart wanted to have was Kyros. “What the hell do you think you are doing,” Amee turned to see her father advancing on her

300
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

like a lion on a Christian. “Father I was just,” “I know what you were just . . . how dare you”! His whispered fury seemed to almost pierce her stomach as she lowered herself. “I am sorry father, the gentlemen asked me to dance,” “and you accepted”? “Such disgrace and dishonor,” “father I don’t even know who he was,” her father waved his hand. “Nobody knows who he was and that is not the point! You are to be married . . . what would your future husband think”?

Amee leaned around her father and watched her pasty fiancée giggling into the arms of a particularly boisterous actor. “I think he is being entertained enough,” a loud girlish giggle escaped him as he pushed one of the other actors in a very feminine way. “You go upstairs and prepare your husband to procreate with you . . .
conceiving his seed will be the true seal on this alliance.” “But father I don’t think he likes . . .” her father stormed towards her his face a tomato red. “As far as I am concerned you will go upstairs, spread your temptress legs and wait for your husband! Do you understand me”? Her father’s rage was something not to be tested when it reached a critical level as this. She lowered herself even more than usual “as you wish your majesty”.

She turned and stormed from her father her hand maidens following like loyal dogs. She didn’t say a word as she climbed the marble steps and retreated into the large estate. The doors burst open as her silk shoes treaded the fur rug. She stopped when a whisper could be heard from around the corner that led to the kitchens, “Amee”? She stopped at the foot of the stairs, “Kyros,” she replied. “What are you doing here, if somebody sees you,” he shook his head “They won’t I’m supposed to be on post”. Amee’s mouth dropped, “and you left it”? He nodded, “I had to when I saw the dance . . . my heart died”. “Who was he,” Amee lowered her head, “does it really matter Kyros”?

301
ROBBY RICHARDSON

Kyros retreated from around the corner, “of course it matters, you promised your heart and soul to me . . . forever, remember”? She shook her head, “I was young and foolish” Kyros exclaimed “that was just a week ago”! She shook her head, “forget about me,” a tear filled her eye “I have to go upstairs and be with my husband”. Her heart shriveled to a raisin when she saw Kyros’s face as he realized the hidden meaning in her message. She gave one final tearful look as she began up the stairs “Why are you doing this,” she stopped “Kyros I told you . . .” “I don’t care, I want you . . . run away with me”! Amee shook her head, “They would find us and kill us . . . this is my destiny”. She turned back to the stairs when Kyros gave an almost defeated, “don’t you still love me . . . can you at least tell me that”? She froze, “if you tell me that and then tell me to go . . . I will leave you alone”. Her tearful eyes stared back at him, “I will always love you and give you my heart and soul . . . unfortunately you posses them but not my body”. She gave one final turn as she whimpered, “Now . . . just . . . . just go away”.
























302







Chapter 2

On The Wings of Smoke


Amee proceeded up the steps and knew that Kyros’s heart was broken, her being the cause for it. In the end he would understand or at least she hoped he would. She had meant what she had said, but love sometimes doesn’t go the way you want it too. She reached the top of the stairs when an unrecognizable voice called from the bottom of the steps, “Princess Amee”? She turned and stared down at the bottom of the stairs praying that Kyros was not going to make a scene. However she was disappointed when her eyes lay upon her prissy new husband. She tried not to roll her eyes as she gave a polite smile and retreated from the stairs. Leaving the prince to chase after her she made it almost all the way to her room when the prince came up almost breathlessly behind her. “Princess Amee,” he repeated as he finally caught up to her. “I would hope you would wait for me,” Amee smirked “just like you kept me waiting on hearing your pretty voice”. The prince straightened up as he seemed to gain back his composure, “Are you mocking me . . . a prince . . .

your future husband?” Shaking her head she gave a soft, “no your majesty, shall we do this”? “Do what my dear,” her hand made her way to the door knob as she opened it.

303
ROBBY RICHARDSON

“I assume that is why you came to see me,” “I came to see you to give you this one warning”. “Warning,” repeated Amee turning on the spot looking confused. “If I ever see a display like that with any man I will have you beheaded or fed to the lions for your treachery.” “My father said you wanted to consummate the marriage,” “I’m not consummating anything with a treacherous harlot like yourself . . .

you can lie alone tonight and think about your punishment.” “And what’s your punishment going to be . . . husband,” the prince scoffed at her comment “for what? If anything I deserve a reward for the humiliation you have displayed tonight”. “Reward,” replied Amee almost speechless at the very situation. “I am going to go out there and repair the damage you have caused.” The prince turned as Amee added “well then I am going to go downstairs too”. He turned around and growled, “You will stay up here and get your beauty rest! You will need to look your best for me tomorrow.” “So what am I supposed to do sit up here and wait for you to come back,” “I won’t be coming back”! He stormed from her as Amee entered her bedroom and began to shut her door.

Keeping the door open a fraction Amee heard the prince retreat downstairs and bellow, “I want you to guard the front of the Princess’s bedroom, she must rest her womb . . . for tomorrow it shall conceive my son”. Footsteps began to ascend the stairs as Amee retreated into her room followed by her hand maidens. “If my fathers sees his soldiers guarding my door he is going to be so angry,” she turned from the door. In truth he would probably agree with the decision. Fortunately for her these guards were unaware of the hidden secrets that this estate possessed. She turned away from the door and flew past her hand maidens as she moved around her porch listening and staring down at the grounds. She watched the guests dance as many of them drunkenly wandered around the estate.

304
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Soon she was watching her “husband” striding towards the festival. He didn’t even look up to her room and soon the crowd swallowed him up. Her hand gripped the marble railing as she wished she could have died right there on the floor. It was as if the god’s were forcing her to live the rest of her life in misery. Her tears felt warm as they filled her eyes and soon all she wanted was somebody to hold her. Somebody she trusted, somebody that would always be there for her and love her through good or bad. Her eyes shot open as she remembered she did have somebody like that. A man that seemed to hold the electricity to jump start her heart. Would he forgive her though was the real question. Amee began to sob harder knowing Kyros wouldn’t come. She had ruined everything and it seemed that everything was doomed to change when her father called her into his chambers three days ago.

She remembered that he had stood before her his smile was wider than she had seen in awhile. He outstretched his arms as he exclaimed, “my daughter . . . wonderful news”! She remembered that he had told her about the Winter Festival. Oh how wrong she was to believe the wonderful news was merely the Winter Festival. He finalized by saying, “I will also inform you of a big surprise before the festival.” Amee tried to shake herself back to reality. Kyros had even told her early in the morning before he left for duty, “no matter what the surprise is we will face it together”. She nodded and kissed his hand as he smiled and retreated out the secret passage behind her bed.

“Your majesty,” one of her hand maidens had come behind her and placed their hand on her shoulder. “Somebody is coming through the passage,” Amee raised her head. She only knew one person to use that passage and especially at this time. She flew past her maiden as the bed began to rattle and move revealing a black hole. It slid across the floor as a figure climbed through. His blondish hair came

305
ROBBY RICHARDSON

through first followed by a foot and the rest of his undersized body. His boyish looks made him look like he should be attending the senate not a soldier. He stood there as Amee almost couldn’t breath in disbelief, “what are you . . . how did you”? She didn’t seem able to finish her sentence but Kyros seemed to take advantage, “I know you don’t want to see me again and I know I swore I wouldn’t see you again”. He walked closer to her as her hand maidens walked into their quarters leaving Amee to an advancing Kyros. “I just want to know why you won’t at least take a chance,” she wanted to say yes. “No,” she whispered but Kyros was now so close to her, “alright say no after this”. Kyros was swift as a shadow and moved like the hands of fate. His lips met with hers as the kissed for what seemed like hours. It was a soft as silk and as tender as the pillows on her bed. She stayed there letting his lips caress hers and with a deep regret she felt his lips leave.

She pointed to her lips playfully “You should keep doing that”. “Should I,” said Kyros as he leaned in and kissed her again. Her knees felt weak as she seemed to wobble a little on the spot. “Take me,” she whispered at him. Kyros twirled around her nose, “and what about the guards . . . they are not your father’s guards they belong to the prince’”. “I don’t care,” she leaned in and kissed him hard as he picked her up and took her to the bed. They made love until the torches grew cold and their souls curled into the dark night. The music had stopped what seemed like hours ago and the guards were dead as the underworld. A slight chill in the air as the wind blew through Amee’s open window terrace. The door silently opened and closed as Amee lay curled next to a sweating Kyros. She slept soundly as the wind seemed to dance on the air making them both curl into the blankets. The air was fresh as it blew her tapestry to flutter like cloth caught in a light breeze.

306
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

In her slumber she felt the room grow a little colder and the wind seem to die a little. It seemed as if the whole world had gone quiet as the cold seemed to surround her. In her sleep the room grew even colder and soon she curled up tighter like a dog would as the chill seemed to be on top of her. As sleep seemed to take her over more she didn’t feel the cold anymore. As a matter of fact the comfort of her bed seemed to have taken her out of her dreams. She seemed weightless and almost floated on the air. She had never had a dream like this she felt as light as air. A cold cloud seemed to carry her away as she felt like nothing in the world could ruin this.

Rubbing his eyes Kyros felt something jabbing into his head. Giving a large yawn he stretched as he opened his eye to find himself staring at a coal black mockingbird. Retreating slightly in the bed, “Amee, look there is a mockingbird here”. The mockingbird raised his head as it began to sing however its song was not bright and cheerful. Its tune was sad and full of dismay. It played on every note and almost brought a tear to Kyros’s eyes. “Shoo,” he waved his hand at it as the mocking bird continued its soft mournful tune and then fluttered through the open terrace. His eyes fell upon a sight that made his heart race like a running rabbit.

“AMEE,” came a loud scream as Amee felt her eyes crash open like shattered glass. The world seemed sideways as her bed appeared crooked in the distance. She was no longer laying in it as Kyros was trying to fumble his way out of the blankets. She turned to see the stern face of the man that she had danced with at the festival. The maturity and confidence that he displayed was replaced with rage as he bared a set of pointed razor sharp teeth. He held her in his arms as his body seemed to slowly rise and then slowly descend. She saw Kyros reaching for his sword as wings of black smoke flapped on the cold night sky. “She is mine,” Kyros almost tripped over the blankets

307
ROBBY RICHARDSON

as he unsheathed his sword. “No matter where you take her, I will find her and get her back.” He motioned forward as Amee began to scream loudly. Her hand outstretched towards Kyros, “HADES,” cried Kyros. “I will travel to the underworld itself! I’ll take your head as I take back my love”! He ran towards her as Amee continued to thrash violently. Hades beat his wings harder as he flew up higher into the sky. Amee couldn’t fight her body felt bound to him. She watched helplessly as Hades flew further away from the estate. Her bedroom door crashed open as the guards descended upon the inattentive Kyros. The guards grabbed him as Hades drifted further into the clouds. Kyro’s shouting voice echoed across the land, “No matter how many years it takes I will find you and I’ll get you back”!

The guards descended upon Kyros as he felt many arms grabbing at every part of his body as they could. “Let me go,” the guards began to pull him towards his senior officer who almost couldn’t believe his eyes. “Ramis, you have to . . .” but the guards forced Kyros to his knees as his sword clattered to the ground. “Where is the princess Kyros,” he shook his head “I didn’t take her”. Ramis rubbed his slightly bulging belly as he barked “Search the grounds . . . I want search parties in the surrounding area leave no stone unturned”! One of the fellow soldiers bowed quickly as he ran from the room. “Where is the princess,” Kyros shook his head again, “I didn’t take her”? Ramis stomped closer towards him, “well then who took her . . . I would speak now as if my life were on the line”. Imprisoned by dozens of hands he stared up at Ramis. His pock marked face seemed almost scooped out with a spoon. His eyes bulged when Kyros gave a soft, “Hades”. Ramis paused as he repeated in a soft, “Hades . . . lord of the underworld . . . that Hades”? “He was the guy dancing with her at the festival,” Ramis shook his head, “wait the mysterious guy that

308
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

danced with her”. Nodding furiously but the skepticism was clearly visible, “get him down to the dungeon. We must inform the king that the princess is missing”. Kyros screamed the entire time as they dragged him out of the room towards the prison. “Ramis you have to believe me Hades took her . . . Hades took her, let me go”!














































309







Chapter 3

A Debt Paid With Freedom


By the time Kyros had made it down to the dungeon his voice had become hoarse. He sat on a rock bed that was contained in a cell no bigger than a couple of feet. Hay was strewn over the floor

as a wooden bucket was thrown in the corner. The prison cell was dirty as rats crawled in and out of the holes in the wall. Torches lined the outer walls as two guards sat playing with dice as they watched over him. Hades dark eyes seemed burned in his mind as his wings of smoke carried away the only thing that mattered to him. His hands seemed to wring together, he was sure to be tortured for information that he was sure nobody would believe. It was only a matter of time before the rest of the guards would come down and escort him up to the king. What would he say? Would the king even believe him? He scoffed even if the king did he was still found in her bedroom half naked. He had ruined the arranged marriage between the two kingdoms. The death of hundreds of his fellow soldiers would be on his hand and all for the sake of a forbidden love.

His thoughts were interrupted by a large bellied man waddling into the grimy prison. His eyes focused on the guards and he gave a bark, “go out and prepare the wagon . . . we are going to transfer

310
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

him”. “Transfer him,” asked one of the guards curiously, “yea transfer him now get out there and do it”! The guards didn’t question the order again as they gave a quick nod and exited the room faster than a prison escapee. Kyros stared up at the round face of Ramis once again. Ramis had lost his shock at the sight of Kyros. On the contrary he gave a reassuring glance and immediately darted over to the front of the cell door. Removing the keys from off the wall, “What are you doing”? Ramis grabbed the ring, “Ramis they are going to know you let me go”. The cell door opened as Ramis moved away. “Now go . . . leave the country, come back in a couple years and say hello,” Kyros walked out of the cell. “Why are you doing this,” he lowered his head, “your father . . .” Kyros held up my hand, “whatever debt that you have with my father was paid a long time ago.” He shook his head, “I could never repay that debt . . . only my death would be worthy of your father’s gratitude”. Kyros placed a hand on his shoulder, “I am sure he would be thankful and tell you your debt has been paid many times over”. He gave a small smile as he pushed Kyros, “go there isn’t much time”.

Running over to the table he grabbed his leather sheath and sword. He turned back to Ramis, “you will be tortured and killed for this”? Ramis shrugged, “I can’t do this Ramis, I have to help you somehow”. “Go,” he yelled, “there is nothing that you can do for me”. Kyros stared at him not really sure if there was anything he could do, especially when his escape window was closing fast. Finally out of nowhere and without thinking it through he gave a quick “I can help,” Ramis paused “how”? “Please don’t hate me,” “Kyros you couldn’t do anything . . .” but he fell silent when his fist smashed into the side of Ramis’s face. He slammed against the wall as he yelled “what are you doing”? Kyros gave him a sympathetic, “I’m sorry I have to make it look convincing don’t I . . . best you hold still”. “Hold still,”

311
ROBBY RICHARDSON

he growled as another fist slammed into the top of his curly brown locks which fell like long strands of noodles. He hit Ramis with blow after blow as he tried to fight Kyros off. But with one solid upper cut Ramis’s head was sent back into the rock wall and he fell silently to the floor. In his unconscious state Kyros took off up the stairs hoping that Ramis would at least make it out alive now. Taking the stairs three at a time he arrived at the upper level, which guards were known to patrol frequently. He made his way across a tapestry and seemed to slither through several passages before meeting another one. He slid under a torch and around the corner creeping as fast as he could. He made his way over to a door and opened it. He then slid his body through and ran down another corridor. He stopped at the edge of the hallway when a door slammed open in front of him.

“Please Prince Ariston we can explain you can’t return home so soon,” “I am afraid that I have already sent out the order and my ship is being loaded as we speak”. “Please we can still negotiate a treaty,” the king tried to sound hopeful but the prince growled “you promised a virgin wife and all I get is a tramp in a pretty dress”. “Now you go too far Prince Ariston,” the king began to grow angry too, but caution was still present in his voice. “Our negotiations are void now”! “Why void? We don’t know if her virginity is taken”. The prince scoffed, “please she was found in bed with one of your soldiers, and now I hear she has disappeared.” “Oh Prince please she has merely gone out for one of her night time strolls . . . please let us sit down and if we have to renegotiate a new deal.” The prince gave a little laugh, “yes I can see why you were so haste on our marriage and now I know the rumors in my country are true”. “Rumors,” repeated the king, but the prince merely chuckled, “let’s just say the agreement between us would be an advantage to my homeland but is by no means necessary”. “Are you calling us weak,” Kyros tried

312
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

to gaze around the corner as he saw all the king’s and prince’s men glaring at each other waiting for the order to attack.
“Well let’s just pray your insult and disrespect is not taken in a hostile manner by my father”. “You dare think that you can talk down to the mighty empire of . . .” “HA,” retorted the prince, “mighty empire . . . indeed” he smirked. “Prince I warn you even guests have lines that can be crossed,” the prince’s sarcasm was gone with a snarl, “and you shouldn’t cross the might of a REAL empire”. The king backed away, “I think that you have overstayed your welcome. I think before the peace is broken between us and replaced with war you should leave immediately”. The prince didn’t seem to back down, “and I tell you again you better hope my father doesn’t dwell much on your dishonor”. He seemed to flap his golden cape as he growled, “I have never been more insulted in my life”.

The king began to regain his proper demeanor, “I don’t see how you are gravely insulted? I was just as shocked by the news as you were. I can assure you that the man will be tortured and killed as a token of our . . .” “Spare me” snarled the prince. “I assure you I will be telling my father in full about my trip”. “And I look forward to your father’s response” replied the king with sarcasm. “I just hope you are ready for a war,” there was a long pause. Kyros sat pressed against the wall. He knew the king was sizing up the prince as the seconds seemed to tick away. “If it comes to that the soldiers of Olenos are prepared for a long crusade . . . I wish I could say the same for you?” The prince must have seen repetition in the conversation as he gave a final “then I dear say the next time we meet will be at the formal signing for a declaration of war.” “Indeed,” said the king which seemed to finalize the matter.

Footsteps approached as Kyros pressed his body up against the wall. He held his breath as the prince passed as another door closed.

313
ROBBY RICHARDSON

The prince was now whispering to his soldiers. “How many soldiers can escort me to the ship? I wish to make a hasty departure,” the soldier whispered, “only us my lord, the others aren’t ready”. Another door opened at the other end as the prince gave a frustrated groan, “very well, let’s take our leave now to avoid any further incidences, but you make sure the rest are right behind me . . . lord knows we are all homesick enough.” Another door closed and soon silence engulfed the busy hallway. The torches seemed to crackle happily as Kyros took a long overdue gasp of breath. Kyros knew he was in trouble, he knew that soon guards would be swarming over the estate and his death was imminent. He almost could feel death resting its dead hand on his shoulder begging him to accept his inevitable fate. Because of his love thousands of his fellow brothers-in-arms would be shipped off to fight in another foreign affair. His stomach seemed filled with jagged rocks poking and prodding every inch. It was an uneasy feeling knowing that your actions could be responsible for the deaths of so many.

He stood there unable to move as his legs felt like they were made of large stone pillars. His very life seemed to be falling apart and there was only one choice. The key to keeping his temple from crumbling to mere dust was Amee. The torches cast dark shadows over the walls as they seemed to dance with the dismay that filled his heart. A soft cry echoed on the wind as a song fit for a mourner seemed to cast the room in a darker light. A flutter of wings caught his attention as he turned his head to hear a soft clicking of nails on the smooth stone floor. They were soft as pins but seemed to echo like the clanging of swords. A small black bird came waddling across the floor several feet ahead of him. It stopped and flapped its wings, Kyros couldn’t hide his disbelief. “A mockingbird . . . are you that same mockingbird that was . . .” but he fell silent when a soft note

314
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

filled the air, it was filled with sorrow and sadness. It raised it wings and took off into the shadows. It disappeared as quickly as it had come and soon he was back to remembering the gloom that lurked ahead for him.
Trying to gain his composure Kyros took a couple deep breaths. “They were only threats,” he reminded himself, war between the countries was not set in stone. It was a great possibility that they could just settle the matter peacefully after all countries don’t really want to go to war unless they have too. Well that is at least what Kyros hoped would happen. Closing his eyes and counting to five he finally released himself off from the wall and sticking his head out again he scanned the empty corridor. If the prince was leaving, then the exit must be where he was heading thought Kyros. Deciding to take a left he followed the prince’s path through a pair of wooden doors. He opened the door slowly and to his utter delight he saw an open door about twenty feet ahead of him. However this hallway was not filled with the only sound of crackling torches. Servants, maids, and slaves passed through the door as the kitchen seemed a busy place. The door slightly opened as Kyros watched all the people moving back and forth. There were three options for Kyros, he could try to find another way out, he could make a dash for it and hope for the best, or maybe he could wait until somebody comes through the . . .

Lost in his thoughts he had lost track of the people when the door he was currently behind opened with a crash. It hit him with a thud and sent him back against the wall. A slave had come around the corner and the door closed behind him. He was a greasy kid who looked like he had been a slave all his life. “What are you doing here, this hallway is only for nobility”? Succumbing to his first instincts like before he felt déjà vu when he said again, “I’m sorry”. With the

315
ROBBY RICHARDSON

quick reactions that the army could only instill Kyros’s fist smashed into the slave’s face sending him to crumble on the floor.
In a quick haste he had removed the clothes from his slave and used them as a disguise. Hopefully he could get further with them then without them. Straightening out the scratchy brown potato sack like shirt. His long brown pants were stale and hard as if caked in mud. Kyros picked up the tray of clothes that he was carrying and before he could talk himself out of it. He walked through the double door, his sword hanging behind his leg. The door was twenty feet away, and then ten feet, soon the clatter of washing dishes and clothes became more distinct. Five feet away as he clenched the tray tighter, he passed right by the doorway and luckily no one said a word. He strolled out the front door as pairs of soldiers were patrolling the grounds. Kyros walked quickly down the road and passed the many colored gardens. He even passed by a large marble water fountain depicting Zeus sending the Titans to “drown” at the bottom of fountain. He moved as fast as he could but still moved at a pace that wouldn’t draw too much suspicion. The edge of the grounds were in sight as he moved down the dirt path. “So close,” he seemed to whisper to himself as a large tree stood at the side of the road.

Crossing it a loud, “halt,” came booming through the peaceful grounds. A guard emerged from behind the tree displaying the bronze armor that Kyros had been stripped of before entering the dungeon. He carried a bow with a small leather holder carrying more then a couple dozen arrows. “Leopold what are you doing here”? His fellow soldier came forward broad shouldered and beefy, he held a beautiful oak bow that shone like it had been polished by the gods themselves. As a matter of fact there was even a story that went along with how Kyros’s best friend Leopold had gotten the bow. It was a famous tale spoken throughout the mighty kingdom of Olenos.

316
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

The Bow of Apollo


Oh how the people seemed to moan in the days when the Titans roamed

Mighty Brave Zeus sat up high, hearing the mortal’s dreadful cries Hades rivers overflowed with souls Hades hunger was filled below

In the god’s epic battle people were disregarded and slaughtered like cattle

A lone cry from a woman so fine to tempt the gods from up high one in particular caught his eye

Apollo God of Sun swooped down when all seemed done

Caught his beauty and flew to Olympus rested on the sun for many minutes

When the Titans had fallen and imprisoned in the sea well protected from you and me

When Zeus gathered his flock on top of Olympus Rock

For Apollo’s treason, abandoning the fight for a lovely reason was trapped in a prison for many seasons

Apollo’s new love laid waiting patient she finally did go but before parting she took the bow And with this theft it passed to her daughter, born from a love interest from the god Apollo.

When Apollo was released the bow he seeked, gone to time lost forever in the depths of mankind.


“Slave what are you doing out here and how do you know my name,” Kyros looked up and saw his friend nearly fall back in shock. “I can’t believe you’re here,” Kyros nodded “yeah I’m sorry but I have to go”. He watched Leopold unsheathe an arrow which was always a dangerous sign. “I am sorry I don’t understand just let me pass, I have to rescue Amee,” Kyros watched him shake his head as he gave several, “no, no, no, no, I have orders to bring in any intruders”. “Please Leopold I have to rescue Amee,” he furrowed his beefy brow, “I heard that you were caught in her room the night she ran away”? “She didn’t run away Hades abducted her,” “Hades,” replied Leopold in a skeptical manner. “I know it sounds weird but please if you are my best friend you will let me go get the love of my life back.” He rubbed his head clearly confused and conflicted, “if I let you go they will most likely torture me then feed me to the lions.”

317
ROBBY RICHARDSON

He raised his bow, “please don’t take this personally”. “Personally, this isn’t funny,” the sunlight seemed to make the bow gleam in the sunlight. The arrow sat pointed at Kyros, “I have a wife and kids, you have nothing but the life, I am so sorry,” Leopold cried. Kyros gave a growl “I’ll remember that when they crucify me upside down”. Leopold directed his bow towards the estate exclaiming, “I thought you were at the frontlines or at least the castle, wouldn’t expect you out here in the king’s private summer estate.” “The soldiers are all being gathered, I was the last guard before they pulled out”. Kyros turned quickly but his friend was ready and the arrow flew past his head cutting off half of Kyros’s ear. Kyros fist landed square in his friend’s face who howled with pain.

The grapple was intense as blow after blow came between the two soldiers. After a particular brutal kick to the stomach Kyros pulled back and withdrew his sword with a twirl. As his giant friend unsheathed his blade of destruction Kyros’s twirl clanged with his friends. “Why are you doing this,” Leopold’s question was met with the same, “why are YOU doing this”? Their swords twirled and rang through the grounds, “I have a wife,” “I know,” interjected Kyros as their swords struck with such ferocity that sparks showered in the air. “Annabel and your son Iolaus,” “don’t speak their names . . . if you don’t come with me your tongue will only speak their deaths.” Leopold swung at Kyros’s feet and with an elegant twirl worthy of the finest combative skills Kyros twirled over it. It seemed as if Ares himself was a mere spectator in this battle. “I have to rescue Amee,” clang! “And you don’t think the whole kingdom is looking for her”? “They will never find her. Hades took her,” clang “why would Hades take Amee when he has Persephone”. Kyros lowered the sword, “why wouldn’t he”? The fighting stopped as they both stared at each other, “please let me go,” pleaded Kyros again. “You don’t know what she

318
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

means to me”. “And you don’t know what Annabel and Iolaus mean to me”? They froze again, “I am sorry Leopold but I can’t fight you nor kill you, how would I look your wife and son in the eye and be the uncle you want me to be”? Kyros sheathed his sword and said, “I’m leaving to find Amee”.
He turned and began to walk away as if it were in slow motion Kyros felt his friend raise his sword high into the air. Each step was taken in an hour long stride as he could almost see Leopold winding up for a swing that could cleave a man in two. He could almost see the expression on his face as his lips seemed to curl in focus. However as if time had sped up Kyros was able to duck the blade and unsheathe his sword again. And with a little twirl the blade cut across his friend’s chest. Ending up directly behind him Kyros watched his friend fall to his knees and as he knelt there taking in his last gasps he knew he had made his son fatherless in a matter of seconds. Kyros walked around him as he watched his friend’s fat face turn into confusion, “why”? He asked with a look upon his face which nearly made Kyros’s heart die a little. “I could ask you the same question . . . it didn’t have to end this way”. “You’re no friend of mine,” and with his final actions he spit on Kyros’s leather shoes and fell to the ground dead. The seconds seemed to stretch on and on. Taking in his friend’s death he stopped as if something had popped back in his head. He was supposed to be escaping giving a final silent goodbye he removed the quiver of arrows from his friend’s back and grabbed the supposed Bow of Apollo. It seemed to quiver in his hands slightly as he stared at its glossy surface. It was even more beautiful up close than it was at a distance.

Kyros began to walk down the dirt path when several guards appeared further down. They marched in lines of two and came to a stop at the sight of him. They all stared pointing weapons at the sight

319
ROBBY RICHARDSON

of a slave holding a bow, sword, and a sack full of soldier gear. They all unsheathed their weapons as they began to run after Kyros, “Halt”! The ground was unstable and the grass was fresh beneath his feet. His chest was beginning to burn as the soldiers chased bellowing, “halt”!

Finally able to remove an arrow Kyros placed it on the string. He dropped his sack of soldier gear pulled back the string and released. The arrow took off like a lighting bolt from Zeus himself and caught one of the soldiers in the shoulder. Kyros smiled and hopped on his feet glad because he had never been that good of a shot. The soldiers ceased their advance as Kyros grabbed his soldier gear and took off through a thicket of trees. Sliding down a small trench and bounding over a downed log. Tearing between tall rows of bushes, he stopped when he heard a small crunch something that was very different from tall grass. A carriage was passing by and he had just come out behind a horse drawn guard wearing colors of red and brown. The horse trotted along side him and seizing that moment Kyros dropped the gear and ran up behind the carriage hopping onto the small ledge. The horse gave a whine as the whips cracked, “whoa there”! In the distance Kyros saw something that made his mouth drop open. Several horse drawn soldiers were speeding close towards them their distance definitely closing in. Slinging the bow around his back as Kyros took a deep breath and hopped under the carriage. He gripped onto the axle as he slipped his leg on top of a piece of wood. His feet rested and it made it a bit easier but holding himself up by the arms was not an easy task.

The carriage rattled on the dirt ground and soon horses came up from behind the carriage. It stopped in its tracks and talking began, “sorry Prince Ariston but we must check the carriage for an escapee”. “Escapee,” replied the snide prince, “there is nobody here”! “Besides I have to get to my ship, the rest of my men are waiting to

320
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

leave,” the solider remarked “I’m sorry sir but we just want to make sure your not harboring anybody.” “Harboring anybody do you know I am and if I tell you that there is nobody here my word should be as good as the god’s themselves”!
Sweat poured down Kyros face as he decided to venture a chance and lowered himself from the carriage. “MY word,” cried the prince as the soldiers were pulling him out, “I am sorry your majesty but I have orders”. The prince was pulled from the carriage and then something happened soldiers began to scuffle and soon Kyros heard the distinct sound of swords beginning to ring. The prince yelled, “This means war you backstabbing . . .” the rest of his sentence was cut off as Kyros decided to roll out from under the carriage. Two soldiers stood fighting as Kyros withdrew his sword. The soldier in robes of red and brown dropped his opponent as he turned to Kyros. “You,” he pointed at Kyros as he raised his sword high. It took your basic two step combination and soon the soldier fell. Blood rained through the air as soldiers continued to die all around him. The prince had fallen to the ground as well but he lay holding a small cut over his arm. Kyros saw the last soldier, blood covered his face as he stared at him. He shook his head as he whimpered “I didn’t want to do any of this,” Kyros motioned, “then go”. “Gone,” repeated the solider as he grabbed at horse mounted it and began trotting away.

Walking over to the prince dressed in the finest gold clothes Kyros picked him up. “Please my arm,” he cried gripping at it with a pained look on his face. “Let me look,” removing his arm a small gash appeared no more than an inch deep. “It’s a paper cut at best,” “it’s a battle scar”! “Scar,” smiled Kyros as the prince gazed up “yes . . . who are you”? Kyros pushed him “it doesn’t matter who I am just start walking”. “Ah yes my rescuer, I guarantee that you will be rewarded

321
ROBBY RICHARDSON

beyond measure from my father . . . I can assure you of that”! Kyros began to walk with the prince down the dirt path towards the port of Olenos. “I want to thank you, my good savior and what shall I call you, while you ensure my safety to my ship,” “um . . . Kyros”?















































322







Chapter 4

The Fate’s Fate


The sun was high in the sky and Kyros was beginning to slow done. He was tired and had not slept very much. Each step seemed to drag on and as the prince kept rambling on pointing out every beautiful feature Olenos’s landscaped revealed. It would be nice if he would stop adding, “It’s a shame we couldn’t have worked things out. Hope it’s still the same when we come conquering.” They continued to march as the prince stopped at every flower, every rock, and every tree. Kyros had to prod him in the back with his sword several times to keep him moving. And nearly cleaved him in two when the prince stopped to smell a particularly large purple flower exclaiming, “Kyros my savior you have never smelled anything like

this”! ‘I have smelled it many times before after all I do live here.” The miles continued and they arrived on the coast both sweating

and exhausted. The sun was now setting over the sea as a large and luxurious wooden ship sat in the dock. “A ship fit for the king himself,” he smiled as he stared out into the Mediterranean. Soldiers surrounded the ship as men ran on the port almost in a chaotic state. “They must be lost without their prince . . . oh their almost so cute without me”. He turned to Kyros, “like chickens with their heads cut

323
ROBBY RICHARDSON

off ”. He gave a large intake of breath, “you smell that”? He asked as he stared at the sea like he had never seen anything so beautiful. He turned to Kyros who shrugged in reply, “salt”? A smirk crossed the prince’s face as he wagged his tiny finger, “you’re good”. He returned to the sea stepping closer to the edge of the cliff side. “Its sweat, pain, and blood,” Kyros had to shield his eyes from the sun, “sounds like my vacation”? “HA,” shouted the prince smiling broader, “You are a funny man Kyros and for this I shall treat you well . . . come with me”? Kyros had to take a step back, “and what about my country”? “You will be treated like a noble . . . I have seen you in action”. His hand slapped against Kyros’s chest and wagged his finger at him, “very good man”. Kyros shrugged, “believe it or not I am not that good its all just luck”. “Well we sure don’t need your disrespectful brothers to get all that good luck huh”?

The prince began to walk down the dirt path towards the port, “war is coming . . . wives grieve for their husbands . . . . mothers pray for husbands and sons and lock up your daughters. Keep them close by because horny Salamis soldiers are coming by”. His shouts were soft as he smiled joyfully, “I can almost smell the sweat and hear the galloping of hoofs, the sound of the horns . . .” “Um where do you think you are going”? The prince turned around, “I think I’m going off to war,” he waved his hands over the dirt path “care to join me”? “Well, I don’t care about my people disrespecting you and I don’t care that princess Amee wasn’t a virgin all I care is getting her back”. He scoffed at the comment, “She is tainted . . . unfaithful, harlot . . . why in all of Mt. Olympus would you want her back? She is an insult to your people . . .” he froze a little as he looked disgusted continuing “Your own princess wasn’t even true for her own husband”. “Yea but she didn’t love you she was just marrying you because her father forced her too”. The prince made a mocking “blah, blah, blah . . . she

324
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

was to be a wife, love has nothing to do with it . . . she will do what her husband tells her to do. What the future king would tell her to do”!
He turned to begin walking down the hill, “I am sorry your majesty but out here your blood and title don’t mean more than a hog in slop shit”. The prince turned again, “listen if you don’t mind I would like to get back to my ship after all I do have an army to raise and an invasion to plan”. “No,” said Kyros, “you’re going to come with me”! “OH am I,” said the prince in such a high sarcastic voice. “You and I are going to go and pay tribute to the Sister’s Fate”. “The Sister’s Fate,” yelled the prince, “keep your voice down”! The prince gazed at Kyros skeptically “oh . . . I get it.” He annoyingly began to wag his finger again at Kyros as a small smile began to play on his face, “Kyros . . . Kyros, you are a very funny man I am going to see to it that you are brought into my personal security to have you around would be a treat indeed”. Gripping the sword tighter “the only place that you are being brought is to see is the Sister’s Fate”.

The prince’s face fell as he realized that this was no joke, “the Sister’s Fate”? Kyros nodded as the prince gave a hard and simple “impossible”. He turned once again, “hey I’m not kidding come right now with me”. Ignoring him the prince continued to walk. With a quick slice of his sword the small gash in the prince’s arm became five inches deeper. The prince let out a low moan as Kyros reached forward and placed his hand over the Prince’s mouth. Raising the blade to the prince’s throat the prince gave an angry, “How dare you! You insolent little shit do you know who I am”? Kyros’s eyes were wide as he growled, “I don’t care if you were Zeus himself! Our lives are worth nothing compared to hers”. Kyros shoved him in the opposite direction as the prince clenched his new wound. His skin if possible turned even more paler, “well I don’t think your uneducated

325
ROBBY RICHARDSON

mind knows but the fates live in Zeus’s temple on Mt. Olympus, no mortal could ever go”. “Well obviously your uneducated mind doesn’t know Olenos mythology”? The prince stopped in his track but Kyros pushed him hard, “keep walking we got a long way to go still”. “But my men”! “Your men will return home anyway with or without you. You will get that war that you are so keen on having”. Jabbing the sword in his back he moved the prince away from his ship and deeper into the highlands of Olenos.

They continued to walk, “You do realize what you are doing right? You’re deliberately going to cause a war between our countries”. “And what was all that boasting you were doing,” Kyros raised his arms, “the galloping horse, the horns blaring . . . thought you were ready for bloodshed”? The prince gave a scornful look, “I am not in it for the blood. I fight for honor and glory”. “I’m sure you do but I bet your soldiers are only good enough to pay with their blood”. “I only said it because I thought you would care about your brothers-in-arms.” With another great prod in the back, “the only thing I care about is getting Amee back”. The prince walked down a hill as he stopped, “What are you going to do if I refuse to take another step? Are you going to kill me”? Kyros stopped as the prince moved forward, “You wouldn’t dare strike somebody of noble birth even the god’s themselves forbid it”. “That’s funny because I plan on striking a god down myself. Now shut up and keep walking”!

They continued to walk for miles upon miles over hills and moving into a place where the grass ceased being green. The soil turned dead and soon the few trees that could be seen were barren and twisted. The wood was rotted and even the prince began to tremble a little as the sun was now setting in the sky. “Are you planning on setting up camp or marching me to death”? Shaking his head Kyros gave another large prod, “I don’t have time to camp, plus the fates

326
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

can only come to this place at night”. The soil dead and lifeless, it was almost as if the very ground had smoke coming through it. Soon they came to a rock formation and a path cutting through it. Gazing over the formation Kyros gave a soft, “we’re here”. He raised his sword and pointed through the path, “through here”. Out of breath the prince began to gasp his face sweaty and paler than normal. “I say why did you bring me along on this journey? Surely you don’t need my help”. “You are a necessary component without you it would take me longer to get the answers I need”. For what felt like the millionth time Kyros jabbed his sword in the prince’s back as they began to move through the crevice. Immediately the crevice opened up and in the middle of the range sat a columned structure that was built into the small mountain. Carvings lined the columns as the symbol of the gods was set in the middle of the temple. Kyros moved closer as he motioned the prince inside the dark temple.

Kyros had never been to the Temple of Zeus. In fact he hadn’t known anybody to come out here. The superstitions behind this place where as old as the kingdom of Olenos itself, “I’m not going in there”! Kyros gave him a particular hard jab which made him shriek “ouch, be careful with that”! Kyros smiled “you have got to be kidding me, did that hurt”? “Well it did hurt,” Kyros smiled “and you want to go off to war”? Kyros grabbed his shoulder and threw him into the cold deserted temple.

The ceiling seemed to cry a little as they entered the dark temple. The wind seemed to make the temple howl a little as the inside of it contained three statues carved into the columns themselves. Each sister was dressed in what looked to be a robe, their faces covered and dead looking. The very temperature was cold as the high ceiling seemed to rise into nothing but darkness. “I am not sure how this works,” “after this are you going to take me back to my ship”? Kyros

327
ROBBY RICHARDSON

ignore him as he approached the middle of the temple over the seal. “Oh mighty Zeus I ask that you offer me an audience with the Sister’s Fate.” The temple remained silent, “please Zeus Hades has taken my love. You have to help me”. Silence still filled the temple, “I don’t think he wants to talk, now can we please go back to the ship”? Gripping his sword tight in his hand, “talk to me”! The time seemed to pass slowly as the seconds seemed to drag, “all I want is to see the Fates”! Kyros stared down at the seal maybe he was missing something? Maybe he needed to offer something he moved over to the prince and grabbed his hand. “What in the world are you doing?” as Kyros grabbed his blood stained hand and dragged it across the seal. The prince withdrew his hand “by Zeus’s mighty sack why on earth did you . . .” A large wind blew through the air and a white light cracked the sky. A lighting bolt shot through the temple and smashed into the wall. The electricity traveled through the granite around the walls and moved to the columns which began to glow a bright yellow.

The columns seemed to throb as they glowed brighter and brighter. Soon Kyros had to shield his eyes as he stared down at the seal. The seal vibrated violently as Kyros and the prince wobbled on the spot. Then as quick as it had come the light died and the temple grew as silent as it was before. The columns began to fall as if small chunks of rock were falling from the column itself. A crumbling sound could be heard as the Sister’s Fate began to stir in their rock prison. The rocks began to fall like sand as the Sisters stirred more. “Oh my god,” cried the prince who began to back away in terror. Their rock dead legs stepped out from the columns as all three of them removed themselves. The rock fell like dust as they wiped off their black robes. They each removed their hoods to reveal different dead looking skulls except the one in the middle

328
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

had a single icy blue eye in one of her empty sockets. “Who is it,” squeaked the shortest of the sisters, “it’s two men . . . a soldier and a dandy”. “You’re the Sister’s Fate,” Kyros asked as the one in the middle blinked and popped out her eye. “I am Present,” she handed the eye to the shortest of the sisters as she exclaimed “Past and this right here is Future”. The tallest of the Sisters slapped the back of the Sister’s skull, “I can talk for myself you old fool”. “Now give me the eye I want to see him . . . sounds cute”? “Sounds cute, you wouldn’t know what to do with him you bag of bones”. “I know how to,” Future tapped her forehead, “how can you . . . you don’t have any skin”. Future took the eye from Past who pushed her back, “well you should know I would like to have somebody jump my bones”. Future popped the eye in her socket, “literally”. “I can’t help it if all we see is the dead and some of the gods”. Present rushed over as she began to fight her, “give me the eye I want to . . .” Past just stood there smiling, “well you both have never had any problems getting men, skin like Aphrodite herself.” “Hey,” yelled Kyros as they all stopped in their place. He tried to ignore the rotting skin that hung from their skeletal arms. “I need to ask you a question,” They all leaned in and began to whisper “He wants us to answer a question”.

Future came forward, “impossible we never answer questions from mere mortals”. “Well I promise you a tribute,” they all looked at each other and clearly could not hide there curiosity. “The only tribute is one paid in blood,” “I know about your story, I know what happened. I know why you were cursed”. “Do you,” cried Future who came forward slightly, “If I pay this tribute,” they all began to chuckle, “one question answered.” Kyros gave a small smile “agreed”. Walking over he pushed the prince towards the Sisters, “what are you doing”? “This is your tribute,” the Sisters gazed at him. Future took a step back, “You offer us the blood of a dandy”? The prince stared

329
ROBBY RICHARDSON

at them disgust in his face, “this, this can’t be happening”? “I offer you the blood and flesh of Prince Ariston of Salamis,” “your offer . . .

that’s what you kept me for”! Kyros shrugged as the Sisters drew closer sniffing at him like dogs. “You kept me alive to be a sacrifice! How long did you know you were going to do this,” Kyros watched the Sisters circle the prince, “since the moment I met you”.

The Sisters descended upon him as the prince shrieked in pain. The sisters began to tear at him ripping at his flesh. They began to eat him like a pack of wild dogs as his blood shot over everything and everyone. The Sisters began to eat the prince in mouthfuls as the prince’s blood pooled on the floor. The prince fell silent as he fell to the floor dead. The Sister devoured him ripping out chunks of his flesh and devouring most of him. Future stood up a handful of the prince clenched in her rotting skeletal hand. “Your offer has been acceptable . . . one question ask it now mortal,” Future ripped in the flesh as the blue eye stared intriguingly at him. “How do I get Amee back from Hades?” Present stared up from the bloody man, “that was a shame poor Persephone, even the goddess herself wasn’t good enough”.

Turning back Kyros gazed at Future who shook her head, “It’s not an easy trek. It is journey meant for only the strongest. A journey no mortal could make”. “How do I get Amee back from Hades?” Future tore a large chunk from the Prince’s flesh again as she pointed to the coast, “You must cross the sea and go to the mainland and travel to the Apennine Mountains”. Kyros stood listening on every word as the sound of a literal monster chewing on a human made his stomach churn. “There you will need to find a creature called the Kobalos”. “Kobalos,” he repeated never hearing of anything like that before. “The Kobalos will not be tempted by anything of this world. You need to give him a golden apple”. He paused “but Zeus only

330
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

keeps those for the gods,” she nodded, “and for that he was cursed by Zeus . . . get him the only golden apple on earth and you free his soul”. “Get him the apple and he will tell you how to get to the ferryman, Charon,” “Why can’t I just go directly there”? The corpse cackled loudly, “You have asked your question already”.
Future began to walk away, “so that’s it go to the Apennine Mountains and find a creature named the Kobalos, don’t tell me what he looks like or where to look for him.” Future waddled slightly back to the disembodied body of the prince, “he will find you and I should warn you he will not be caught easily”. “Bargaining is your only weapon,” and with that Future returned to her feeding sisters. “Sister Present you have been quiet this whole time too good to speak,” she pushed the feeding Sister as Past raised her head. She muttered “serves well skin’s as smooth as a porcelain doll. Kyros almost wanted to gag again at the sight of the rotting creature. “Leave mortal,” Future bent over and began to feast again, “wait I have more to ask”. Future showed no sign of interest, “no tribute, no question”. “But I really . . .” “LEAVE,” screamed Future who bared teeth that were pointed and jagged. At that moment Kyros saw the monsters that they were cursed to be. “Our business has been completed,” Kyros began to back away. “How am I supposed to make it through the underworld, no living mortal can go,” “I have a solution,” came Present wagging a bloody finger in the air, “shut up our business is finished he has nothing of value”.

Future looked monstrous and ready to raze towns to dust. “You can have my soul, I just need to get to my love,” this seemed like something of value because Future turned around. “You are willing to give us your soul but that means you won’t cross over”. Kyros took a deep breath “I know just as long as she is safe”. The three Sisters gathered around each other and began to whisper in such

331
ROBBY RICHARDSON

ferocity. Future clunked Past on the head, “if Hades found out”. Present began to shake her head as she whispered, “I don’t want to imagine what Hades would think if he knew we had another soul”. Future wagged her finger, “one more soul and we are free from the wretched curse . . . he is the last soul let him serve the curse and take Hades wrath.” Past rubbed her head, “and what if Hades finds out”? Future’s voice rose “that’s the beauty of it by the time he finds out we’ll be long gone”. “But Hades will never stop looking for us when he finds out,” Future slammed her fist on Past’s head again, “any life outside of this is a better life than this”. Their voices dropped lower and lower until Kyros saw their skulls nod in agreement.

“So are we in agreement,” they all turned to him and he fell eerily silent. “Very well we will make sure you can walk in the underworld but it is only temporary,” he gulped as he stared at Future, “what’s temporary”? Gapping her dead mouth wide she said, “Approximately twenty four hours, which should be an adequate amount of time in the underworld”. “That’s not enough,” Past jabbed her bony elbow into Future as she snatched the eye out from her, “He wants to spend a vacation”. “Twenty four hours is sufficient now give us the soul”! “First give me whatever it is I need,” giving a frustrated sigh she reached into her dark robe and removed a small glass vile. As she raised her long fingernails she turned her arm over. She ran it over her dead skin as a dark thick puss ran from the freshly made wound she had made. She pooled the blood into the vile until it was filled to the top and corked it with a little pop! Handing it over, “Drink this before you meet Minos, you will get a guide but it will grant you access. Now give us your soul”! She walked forward and handed him the vile “alright but how exactly do I . . .” he fell silent when Future grabbed his cheeks and pulled him into a kiss that made his stomach boil in disgust.

332
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Despite the deathly pungent odor his mouth opened wide as he felt the air inside of him being sucked out. He grasped onto Futures bony arms as Kyros seemed to be taken to his knees from lack of breath. He felt the air leave him as he collapsed on the floor. His body had fallen weak as if all his muscles had gone out at once. He lay in a crumpled heap on the floor as the air filled his lungs once again. However as he rose he began to feel light headed and his body felt foreign almost different. It was if something was missing from inside him but he couldn’t quite place it. He rose as the difference at first didn’t seem to be noticeable but he was sure once he was on his own the differences in his personality and self would become clear. “Now our transaction is complete you may leave,” Future crunched her fingers as she seemed to smile in absolute ecstasy. “So all I do is,” “LEAVE NOW!” She snarled a set of razor sharp teeth and with that Kyros was soon exiting out of the pillars.

The wind began to blow hard and the dust rose like a giant sandstorm. The dirt swirled around the Sisters and soon they disappeared into a swirl of dust. Kyros had to shield his eyes as the wind picked up throwing gravel everywhere. Finally it slowed and soon came to a halt the Sisters were gone as was the prince’s body. The temple lay abandoned and a little more weathered and beaten. The temple lay empty and quiet as if nobody had passed through in a hundred years. The columns were intact but as Kyros walked towards the Sisters Fate they had changed their positions in their individual columns. Removing his eyes from the columns and deciding to begin his odyssey as soon as possible. He began to hike through the rock crevice. He knew where he had to go the only problem. Where was he going to get a boat to cross the sea to get to the mainland?


333







Chapter 5

Kobalos and the Maze

of the Minotaur


The trek to the coast was long and marching sleeplessly was not something that was easily done. Neither was finding a ship that was willing to make a trek across the sea. Stepping into

one of the filthiest bars he had ever seen. He made sure to find the ugliest, drunkest, and stupidest looking captain he could find. After a quick scan he decided upon a man whose grizzly gray beard was tangled in knots and whose eyes were pink with tired. Working his way across the narrow sea was not something he cared much for. The stench of fish and the sweat of men were rampant on the cursed ship. However Kyros was able to catch a few nights of normal sleep which helped to almost recharge his system. After several more days they landed on the beach off the coast of the mainland. “The Roman Empire,” was the captains cry as they docked on the shore. Instead of handing Kyros a leather sack full of gold coins the captain or as everybody called him “Grizzly” handed him a fish gut handshake. Kyros felt his stomach curl as he heard a loud squish! Withdrawing his hand he noticed the slimy after effects of knowing “Grizzly”.

334
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Soon the days turned too weeks and weeks turned to months. Kyros reached the base of the Apennine Mountains near the beginning of winter. The journey was hard and his life had been dedicated to getting back his one true love. The forests were dense as the Apennine Mountain range seemed to stretch into the heavens themselves. It was not a very smart thing to head into a deep forest into the beginning of the winter. However Kyros was determined to go into the underworld itself to get his love back. He already made it this far traveling on the back of hay carts, stolen horses, and walked for hundreds of miles to get to this point. Gripping his stolen brown robe tightly around his cold body he gazed in into the vast wilderness, his heart gave him strength for his legs had quit weeks prior. Slipping on the brown hood he entered the tightly clustered trees and walked deeper into the mountain. Up the narrow peaks, where he was going he didn’t know. But he was sure that this creature would be in the far reaches of the forest were travelers dared not go.

Picking a spot in a nice clearing Kyros made himself a fire and made a bed out of grass. Kyros had never stopped moving, not even wash himself. It was a relentless, never-ending trek until he would literally stop and pass out by the side of the road. The Fates were right. This was not a journey for a mere mortal. However his heart and love gave him the strength to push on when his feet bled underneath him. The fire was soothing as the cold air blew lightly around him. He was finally able to rest slightly having nothing really to do. The Fates had told him that the creature would find him so it was pointless going out and looking for it. “A golden apple,” he said to himself as he lay on the ground like a dog in the dirt. However it was not the worst thing being a soldier had taught him to survive in some of the harshest terrains, yet it was easier knowing he was coming home to see Amee.

335
ROBBY RICHARDSON

The sun was long gone from the sky as the stars twinkled above him like small pearls in the night. The night was growing colder as the fire crackled merrily Kyros had always liked a large fire, the warmth felt nice on his sore muscles. He scratched at his beard waiting for something but nothing stirred or moved in the forest. Kyros decided to rest on his arms and wait for some sort of noise or movement. The Bow of Apollo lay next to him. The golden handle’s emblem of the gods reflected the light of the fire making it dance slightly. It seemed to soothe him as it called for him to rest his sore body. It had been so long since he had lain down and slept. Walking so long until you pass out was not something he could do for much longer. Soon his eyes burned as he waited for something, for anything to disturb his oncoming need for sleep. Soon the handle grew darker and the flames died to the blackness of his eyes.

Snap!!! Crack!!! Kyros’s eyes shot open as the fire had died down significantly. Kyros hopped to his feet as he withdrew his sword. His breath was visible as the night seemed to have grown even colder. His skin felt like ice as the frozen air seemed to have affected him more then the fire was. Footsteps could be heard in the darkness and they sounded like they were getting closer. Kyros gripped the sword tighter waiting patiently. It sounded like actual footsteps by a person. He turned and saw the bushes part to reveal something that Kyros had not been expecting. A woman more beautiful than he had ever seen in his entire life emerged. His mind seemed to be struck dumb at her mere presence. She had golden blond hair which looked like spun gold. She had rosy cheeks and a face chiseled by Aphrodite herself. Her body looked smooth and fine as silk. Her bosom was large and sculpted by the gods. Kyros’s sword lowered as she smiled at him. “Who are . . .” he fell silent as the woman walked around the fire, there was something wrong about this. Gorgeous woman

336
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

didn’t come out of the forest and approach lonely men. Her cherry lips burned as she grabbed Kyros’s waist and smiled up at him. He could hear his heart almost stomping it’s tiny feet in protest, “no Kyros remember you’re here for Amee”. Her lips moved closer to his “remember I belong to Amee, she doesn’t compare to other girls especially a tramp like this.”
Her lips met his and soon his heart seemed struck down with a coma. It squirmed on the ground as her lips began to kiss deeper her tongue tracing around his lips almost tasting every inch of him. Her chest heaved against him and soon Kyros was saying Amee who? Her kiss tasted like sweets as her arms ran across his back. After several more minutes Kyros realized something, this was not Amee. Amee was taken from him she was carried by Hades on wings of smoke. What the hell was he doing? He opened his eyes as the woman kissed him deeply as if they were lost lovers. A rustle in the tree tops had caught his attention as something rocked on one of the lower branches. It was that black mockingbird, the one that had sung when Amee was taken, and the one that sung when he was escaping. The bird sung softly but as the mysterious woman’s tongue plunged into his mouth, the song began to grow louder.

He pushed her away as she took several steps back. “Look I don’t know who you are or . . .” Kyros fell silent as she had cut him off. The mockingbird had stopped singing and soon the beauty of the moment was lost. Her voice was not feminine nor did it sound human. It was monstrous and deep, “stumbling upon you mister I find that you’re a really bad kisser”. Kyros took several more steps back as he wiped his mouth off. “Kobalos,” he asked as the girl gave a smile and immediately turned throwing herself into the forest. “Wait,” Kyros burst forward but fell face forward when his feet got caught by something. His body hit the dirt hard as he turned to

337
ROBBY RICHARDSON

his feet witnessing a mysterious sight. He had tripped over a stick that had not been there previously. Growling Kyros looked back up and was horrified to see a small dwarf like creature. His twig like arms clapped frantically has he hoped from his right foot to his left foot back and forth. Its laugh was high and comedic as it laughed moronically. The creature had a slime covering with green skin like a frog. It had a nose that hung like a sausage with beady black eyes and a bald head. Its ears reminded Kyros of something a bat would have. The creature was ugly and disgusting, “Teedly eedly dee a fool in front of me. Trick the fool this stranger to my forest, stay here longer expect an encore performance”. And with another loud cackle the creature disappeared into the bushes. Kyros stumbled up and crashed through the bushes if this was his chance to catch the creature he was sure not to miss it. Amee didn’t have time for Kyros to sit around and wait for the creature to play another prank.

Getting to his feet as quickly as he could he tore through the bushes hearing the cackling of the little goblin creature. As he darted around trees and crashed through the bushes he didn’t seem able to neither see nor catch the creature. “Where did you . . .” his sentence never finished as he fell face first again. This time it was over a particularly jagged looking rock. Rubbing his throbbing head the bushes around him began to rustle as his eyes traveled around waiting for the creature to spring. The bushes shook harder and a loud snap, the creature was approaching as Kyros reached for his sword. The creature was mere inches as something came through the bushes in front of him. The terror left him as something snorted through the parting branches.

A pig came through as it snorted staring at Kyros. They stared at each other, “go away you stupid pig”. The pig snorted as it began to sniff around Kyros’s face. He pushed the pig, “go away . . . what the

338
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

hell”! “Who are you faking, I thought you would need to bring home the bacon”. “My word, you must think I’m absurd,” the pig snorted in his face as it retreated into the forest. The Kobalos’s voice trailed away as it yelled, “Don’t lull over the razorback hog . . . I know it’s kind of dull”. Gripping his fingers into the dirt Kyros groaned, “You’re jokes suck piggy”.
“Wait . . . come back,” he yelled feeling the thick bushes scratching at his face. The up hill climb was painful and when he heard a loud cackling down below he darted in its direction. “Come back here, I want to talk,” dashing between two sets of trees Kyros heard another cackle and then came across the goblin sitting on a large rock. “Teedly eedly dee, come and get me,” he crossed his legs and waved serenely at Kyros. “Come here you little,” Kyros began to run towards him and was mere inches from him when a loud snap and the whole world flipped upside down.

Kyros felt his leg almost being pulled out of its socket. His leg had been caught in a hunter’s trap. He swung from the branch as the creature hopped off the rock clapping his hands moronically. “Teedly eedly dee caught again such a catastrophe.” The creature began to circle the swinging Kyros. “Please, I need to talk to you,” the cackling creature pointed and laughed as it encircled more. “Teedly eedly dee, a question the stranger posses for me”? “Yeah,” replied Kyros starting to feel a pain growing in his leg. “I know about your curse,” the cackling goblin had been clenching his tiny stomach when he froze on the spot. “You think you know all to well the curse that has kept me in this hell,” he rhymed. “I can help you, I can help you end your curse,” he wagged his finger, “many have tired all have failed what do you propose to change the scales”? “I can get you the golden apple,” the goblin smiled “and what do propose to stroll right in, what about the creature the dwells within”? The pain growing

339
ROBBY RICHARDSON

more intense as he said, “whatever it is I can handle it I am a soldier”. “And what do you propose for thee for your kind generosity.” “I need to get to the underworld . . . I need to find Charon,” “Charon,” cackled the creature. “Even with two silver pieces, Charon’s greed never increases”. “So Charon won’t take me is that what your saying because I’m mortal”? The creature paused a little, the slime dripping off of him like thick mucus. He nodded his tiny head, “well if I get the apple will you still show me where to go”? The creature stood in front of him staring at him as his beady black eyes seemed to water a little. “And what pleasure do I get if you return without it”? “Name it, but the Fates already have my soul,” the creature raised his finger again, “real is this deal if I can make you a meal”. “Alright you can eat me,” the creature gave an evil smirk. Kyros could feel a cramp growing in his leg as he grimaced with pain, “please cut me down”. The goblin grabbed his hair, “if you try and run from me, you’ll hear no teedly . . .” he raised Kyro’s face higher. “Eedly,” he continued as he raised his finger to his throat and finalized with a “dee” as his finger traced its own throat. “I understand just cut me down,” there was a loud snap and Kyros fell to the ground in a small heap.

His leg felt numb almost dead, he doubted if you would ever be able to walk again. He rubbed his leg painfully as the creature growled before him. The happy annoying little creature looked menacing and terrifying now. “Look could you tell me what the creature down there is at least,” the Kobalos rubbed his sausage like nose, “it is a cursed creature such as I more terrifying then you or I”. “Alright well how can it be killed,” the creature stared up into the sky as if he was trying to pull the answer from the heavens themselves. He rubbed his nose which revealed several puss filled blisters. “By stone or axe or bare hand, whatever you can use can kill the creature at hand”. Kyros began to stand up almost testing his leg as if he was entering

340
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

a cold bath. “So anything can kill the creature, I don’t need like a diamond emblazed horn or a ruby encrusted scepter topped with a nickel plated lighting bolt”? The creature didn’t catch the sarcasm in Kyros’s voice, he just shook his head. “Alright can you take me to where the creature lives so I can get the apple”? Returning his attention to Kyros the creature gave a firm nod and waved his hand. There was no bounce in his step as he pushed through the forest taking him over a giant hill and up deeper into the mountains. “How far is the entrance,” Kyros asked when his brown robe and caught onto a large thorn bush. “Very far indeed over several hills you’ll see,” Kyros gave a soft groan as he gave a soft “alright let’s keep going”.

Kyros climbed up the hills his feet digging into mud and dead leaves. His feet hurt and all he wanted to do was see his love Amee. In truth he didn’t even remember the day or the date she was taken. How long had he really been gone walking and never stopping to rest or catch a bite to eat. His stomach growled as the last meal he had was stolen eggs that he taken from a farmer. Kyros looked up at the moon, what was Amee doing right now? Could she be looking at the same moon that he was? Kyros felt a warming feeling flowing through his body. He almost tasted her on his tongue and smelled her flower like scent in his nose again. He knew for that instance that she was thinking of him and that for that moment they were connected. He lowered his head when the fire seemed to diminish inside him. His heart began to plead with Zeus, “please just let her know that I am coming”. Kyros squeezed his hands tighter as he tried to plead harder, “I just hope she knows that I am coming no matter how long it takes.”

“We’re here,” croaked the creature as he pointed to a small hole in a lump of dead leaves. It was soaking wet and appeared to be only one way. “How do I get back out I mean can I climb back out”?

341
ROBBY RICHARDSON

“At the end of the maze’s hall lies a giant water fall.” “A waterfall,” yelled Kyros, “and what am I supposed to do jump out it and land on some jagged rocks below me”. The slime oozed off the creature as he shook his head, “no rocks down below, smooth sailing for those that let go”. “Alright enough with the rhymes there,” Kyros moved closer to the dark hole. Picking up a large branch he tossed it down the hole there was a quick sound of the branch hitting something and then it sliding for a little bit until it grew distant and then a soft thud. At least it would be safe for him to get in or at least as safe as his scientific experiment of testing it was. “Where will I meet you with the apple, “if you do happen to survive, meet you on the shore just close by”.

Clearly getting annoyed the creature’s face frowned when Kyros began to speak again, it began to yell “enough with that running mouth . . . go . . . go and get my apple out”! His tiny hands pushed Kyros in the chest which sent him tumbling down the dark hole. His body hit something solid as he slid down a slick rock tunnel shooting deeper into the earth. Kyros screamed the whole time as he picked up speed and thought he was going to die when he back had left the solid surface. He flew out the hole and tumbled over the dirt ground. His sword clattered with him and as soon as he hit the ground he thought he had heard a crack. Immediately reaching for his back Kyros ignore the pain as he pulled around the Bow of Apollo. He ran his hands over the smooth surface of the bow until he felt the golden center. He traced his finger around the symbol and breathed a sigh of relief when he felt the string and gave it a test snap.

It snapped like brand new and Kyros was able to breathe a sigh of relief. Finally able to take a look at his surroundings he discovered he was surrounded by a large hallway. Vines and branches hung from the ceiling as Kyros ran his hand over the dirt ground. Standing up

342
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

he pulled out an arrow and carried the bow in his left hand. Only two choices lie before him, he could travel in front of him or travel behind him. Kyros decided that it really didn’t matter where he started as long as he was heading towards something. Dragging the arrow behind him was hard work, crouching as he walked down the dark maze. He continued to move deeper through the dark and damp corridors. The very walls seemed to help channel the ever wafting stench of death. The maze was quieter than a graveyard. Maybe he would be able to slip in unnoticed and grab the apple. The only question was where was this supposed golden apple? Would it be in the center of the maze? That is what would probably be the most likely place right? Every wrong turn made him curse silently but the deeper he went in the maze the darker and gloomier it got. Every dead end he hit seemed like another blow of defeat. Time seemed nonexistent down here. The absence of the sun only could be seen through the smallest crevices in the soil above them. Visibility was also virtually nonexistent but Apollo must have blessed him with an early sunrise.

Barely visible the twisting passages seemed to travel on for what seemed like days. Finally when Kyros had reached a dead end he felt his body on the verge of collapsing. He knew that the maze was not the safest place to sleep but after all this maze had to be as large as the mountain range itself. Slamming his fists on the wall he rested his head upon the cold stones, which felt cool on his skin. Resting his back onto the wall he slouched down in the corner as he curled his legs up to his chest. Adjusting the bow so the end was not prodding into his back he rested his head. And the moment his eyes closed to relieve the burning sensation that seemed to be constantly bothering him.


343
ROBBY RICHARDSON

Sleep seemed to take him over as he awoke to a very strange sight. His vision was still cloudy and reality was very hazy. The ceiling seemed to be moving awfully fast as his body almost felt weightless. He seemed to be covering a lot of ground as he seemed to float barely conscious. He felt his body drop to the ground as a small fire was set in the middle of a large much brighter room. The raging sound of water could be heard as a small pedestal stood at the edge of a waterfall. As Kyros’s eyes shot open he saw a small round golden object sitting on the top of the pedestal. Above the noise of the crashing water a raggedy breathing and heavy footsteps could be heard echoing around the small cavern opening.

A shadow darted across the cavern wall as fear seemed to grip Kyros. His senses were finally returning to him as he knew he was now in the lair of the creature. However the identity of the creature remained a mystery. He squinted his eyes trying to catch a glimpse of the monster. A soft snort and a clatter as Kyros watched the Bow of Apollo be thrown to the floor with the quiver of arrows. There came another small clatter as he caught a glimpse of his sword being thrown next to the bow. When the footsteps began to fade as it seemed the creature was leaving the cavern Kyros braced himself and slowly opened his eyes wider. The room was empty as Kyros seemed to take in the magnitude of the wall of water. The cavern was huge as a small bed made of hay and grass was strewn in the corner of the room. A large pile of bones sat in another corner of the room as bones were scattered all over the ground. The fire seemed to crackle merrily as Kyros raised himself off the hard rock. The room was empty as Kyros took a deep breath and began to crouch towards his weapons. He was mere inches from it when his fingers ran across the smooth surface of the bow.



344
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

He stopped when a ragged breathing began to run through the cave like a small gust of wind. Kyros turned and almost fell over in fright. It was something that he would never have believed in if he had not been digging around in the darkest part of humanity. A man approximately seven feet tall with a shaggy head of curly and mated dark black hair with two horns protruded high into the air. The man’s entire upper body had been replaced with that of a bull. It was the dreaded Minotaur that Kyros had only heard soldiers tell around the campfire late at night. He outstretched his massive arms as he let out a bellow that shook the cave. The pain that vibrated in his ear drums had to be ignored as he quickly grabbed the bow and strung an arrow. The Minotaur’s black eyes stared menacingly down at him as it lowered his head and began a death charge at Kyros. He quickly released the arrow which stuck in the Minotaur’s shoulder. Kyros quickly cart wheeled out the way as the creature slammed into the cave wall. The creature gave a back hand which made Kyros cower under its might. The creature and claws that were long and crooked as each swipe would be a costly blow. The creature’s arms flew through the air with such ferocity that it became difficult to anticipate them. With another quick duck Kyros slapped the bow off of the beast’s stomach as he spun around him. He struck the bow several times over the beast’s sides and when the beast made another wild back hand Kyros knew that this was not going to be easy. The beast roared as Kyros leapt into the air colliding both his feet into the beast’s chest. Another loud roar as the Minotaur snorted in anger having not been shaken by the drop kick.

On the contrary it raised its massive hove and slammed it into Kyros former position. Turning backwards he scrambled over the rocks as he reached for his sword. A hand wrapped around his ankle and with a snort Kyros was being dragged by the creature. “NO,” he

345
ROBBY RICHARDSON

screamed as he was able to retrieve an arrow in his haste. He turned as he placed it in on the string. He turned just as the beast raised his claws into the air about to strike. The string was released as silent as the day it was created. The wooden arrow hit the creature in the neck as it stumbled back. It’s roared with pain as Kyros got to his feet and finally retrieved his sword. The creature ripped the arrow out and the other in his shoulder and disregarded them like mere twigs. Another large swipe as the Minotaur grew tired using every ounce of strength to strike Kyros. Poking his bow into the creature’s ribs as his blade slide across the creature’s leg, it roared in pain. He backed away as the creature grew silent examining the large gash in its leg. Snatching the quiver of arrows he watched the creature stare at him. Kyros placed the bow down carefully, “yeah you just stay right there you ugly brute”. As slowly as he could he shouldered the arrows as he again picked up the bow.

The Minotaur ground his hoof into the rock as he prepared to charge at him. The apple seemed to glitter as it stood on the pedestal, a mere couple feet from him. His eyes darted from the creature to the apple. He licked his lips in anticipation as he began to shoulder the bow as well. “Don’t you dare,” the Minotaur was pointing at him as his voice sounded inhuman. It was as ugly as the creature was, “you can talk”? The creature didn’t respond as Kyros began to move closer to the pedestal. With a giant step the creature moved closer as well, “I will never allow somebody to steal my apple.” Kyros took another step but the Minotaur moved even closer, “the true owner of the apple must earn its magic”.

Pointing his sword at the beast, “cursed monster I will take what is due to me”. Digging his hoof deeper into the ground, “you will earn what you take”. They stared at each other, “I have waited for so many years of a fight worthy of me, worthy of the apple”. “And what

346
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

happens if I win,” the Minotaur began to laugh a high almost demonic laugh. “No one will ever win! If they did I wouldn’t exist!” Kyros lowered his sword, “you want to live this way”. “IMMORTALITY COMES WITH A PRICE,” his scream seemed to blow him backwards several inches. “What a fool Zeus was . . . what did you call me cursed, I am blessed,” the Minotaur flexed his clawed fingers. “It has been a century since somebody was able to find there way through and take the apple.” “But through all there searching I am afraid they are too weak for a warrior like me,” the Minotaur kicked a skull at Kyros who dodged it as it shattered on the rock wall. “I’ll tell you what I’ll make a deal with you,” “a deal,” laughed Kyros. “If you are able to strike me down you can take the apple and all the power and magic it possess”. Skeptically Kyros smiled, “wasn’t that already the deal,” “yes but I am letting you take it . . . give me your word as a man that you will fight me honorably.”

“And what happens if I don’t,” “I’ll eat you,” there was a slight pause as he stared at the creature. “Alright I’ll fight you,” the Minotaur pointed “then when you die I promise I will give you an honorable burial but I want your word on it. I am not putting my immortality on the line for nothing”. Giving his sword a fancy little twirl he smiled, “I give you my word as a man”. Lowering his head, “then the true power of the apple can be yours if won through true honor”. He let out a snort and reared back in a loud roar as he charged right for Kyros. Spinning around the Minotaur he took one large leap as the beast crashed into the wall. He turned as Kyros smiled at the monster his hand stretched towards the apple as the creature bellowed. “NO,” Kyros’s hand was mere centimeters away. “If you take the apple through theft the apple will never reveal its secrets,” Kyros shook his head, “I’m not doing this for greed I am doing this for love”!

347
ROBBY RICHARDSON

Snatching the apple off the pedestal he prepared to burst through the waterfall when the cavern began to tremble. He almost tripped over the rock as the beast reared its shaggy mane and gripped its head. “NO, I kept my deal! I tried please don’t take it,” it fell to its knees as Kyros took his chances and jumped through the waterfall. The creature screamed as Kyros was hurtled below. The water was near freezing stinging like hundreds of arrows as he seemed to fall for what seemed like an eternity. He knew that he had broken his word, but what did his word matter to a creature like that. What would his word matter when the pain in his heart would increase slowly killing it? Kyros gripped the apple tight in his hand as he crashed through the water. He seemed to float there for a minute trying to take in everything. The water seemed to cover the world above as if trying to separate the two worlds. As he burst through the top of the water he seemed to drift with the current as he finally seemed to make it to the shore. Washing up on shore like a dead fish he seemed to choke on the water as he tried to take in everything that had just happened. The sandy shore felt warm as if it was baking in the sun all day.

Laying there for a couple hours unable to move, exhaustion was finally taking its toll on Kyros. As the bushes began to rattle he almost wished that something would come out and just kill him, he could already be in the underworld by now. A slimy hand parted the bushes as the tiny green figure emerged through. His hands outstretched greedily as the ripples in the water sent small waves on the shore. His nose swiveling in the air as he quickly stepped back, “Give the apple, give it now, cursed water be gone”!

Rising to his knees he watched the creature dance in merriment as the golden apple lay tightly clenched in his hand. “Teedly eedly dee . . . Give it to me,” he came a little closer to the water’s edge but quickly backed as it rose. The water raining off of Kyros’s soldier

348
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

attire, “we had a deal”! “Give me the apple or prepare for a battle”. Wiping the water from his face, “oh yeah . . . then come and get it”. The creature snarled as it stared down at the water and then back up at Kyros who anticipated an attack from an irate monster. But as the seconds dragged on Kyros gave a smirk, “you can’t enter the water can you”? Its slimy hand outstretched as the creature had such a longing on its face. “We had a deal! Now tell me where can I find the ferrymen Charon”? Examining Kyros the creature twisted his head as if analyzing the whole situation. “It’s a foolish quest for the cumbersome, no mortal can enter the underworld,” “where can I find Charon”? Running his tiny hands over its bald head, “He who resides in the remote southwestern part of the Black Forest, a lost valley in between two large mountain peaks is where you should seek.” Making sure to catch every word Kyros held his breath, “it is a cursed place where no mortal dare go only those with Charon’s say so. He will not allow any mortal to cross over, Like I told you, he is the ferryman sailing the border.”

Rising to his feet, “how will I find Charon in the valley,” shaking his head, “No need for prayin only the braven must follow the raven”. Walking to the shores edge he tossed the apple to the creature that caught it with tears in his eyes. “Raven,” “Teedly eedly dee the raven will find the . . . Freedom at last,” it cried as its rhyme was lost in the devouring of the golden apple. He chewed it like a dog and swallowed every bite. A golden light seemed to pour out the creature skin as it began to laugh in utter hysteria. Kyros had to shield his eyes as the creature evaporated into a pile of sand. The creature had disappeared in a flash and the night became silent. The number of days he had lost in the maze was unknown. Time didn’t seem to register in Kyros’s mind after all Amee was the only thing that mattered. He had proven that he had broken his word as a man,

349
ROBBY RICHARDSON

but his word meant nothing without Amee. It was time to travel to the remote Black Forest of the north. The people of the north were blood thirsty cannibals, it would only make sense that the entrance to the underworld would be there.















































350







Chapter 6

Charon and the Hell Hounds


The passage out of the mountains was a hardship enough taking nearly a week to climb out of the depths of the thick forest and reach the edge of the mountain. Traveling north was dangerous

and after miles of rugged terrain the hours of walking turned into days, the days turned into weeks. Soon the weather began to grow colder as winter began its deathly hold He had walked so long and traveled so far north that as he entered the very outskirts of the forest he hardly noticed it.
The large valleys that seemed to envelop the numerous trees as the forest seemed to stretch as far north as land would permit. Letting his eyes take in the full effect of all his surroundings he knew that finding Charon, let alone a single raven would be impossible. The demonic voice of the Kobalos seemed imprinted in his memory, “the raven will find you”. He wished that he could just keep moving. Waiting was almost like asking Kyros to give up. Time was his enemy and the longer it took for him to reach Amee the sooner she would learn to accept the fact of the possibility that Kyros was dead. Fighting the urge to drop into a pile of soft grass and wait there until a raven was a temptation. But like he had done with the Kobalos

351
ROBBY RICHARDSON

he walked into forest until the trees began to grow close together. They swayed like silent giants making echoing sounds through the quiet forest. Pushing in deeper until the trees grew so thick that each step had to be taken around clumps of bushes or around a tree. After climbing up a steep hill he stood at the top as he scanned the area looking in the tree line. “Alright, raven, raven, need a raven,” he almost sang as his eyes fell in disappointment as nothing seemed to stir in the trees. Patiently standing there as the sun sank in the sky he could almost smell his own stink permeate off of him like a coat of mud. Heading even deeper into the forest he stopped when he came across a small field with large dead logs.

The night was cold as his hands shook uncontrollably the rocks smacked together as small flicks of sparks shot from the end of his flint and metal. “Come on,” he yelled as he scraped harder and faster. The pieces of the rock began to chip off as it grew smaller. Finally a large spark caught in the middle of the dead grass and smoke began to rise slowly. Feeling the first smile cross his face in what felt like a century, he began to blow slowly on it. The fire caught and after several questionable minutes it soon crackled in the lonely night. Balling himself into a tight ball, he curled under his brown robe shivering violently. The night was freezing as small flakes fell between the trees. “Come on stupid raven I don’t have all the time in the world,” curling in tighter he closed his eyes. Maybe if he just closed his eyes he would still be able to hear anything approach.

“Kyros,” his body was freezing as he began to raise his head. He found himself buried under two feet of snow. Pulling himself out from the depths he heard the soft voice again dancing on the wind. “Kyros,” surprisingly he found his body was dry as he emerged from the snow. All the trees were dead and gnarled leaving nothing but barren branches. The sky almost seemed dead and gray as he stared

352
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

around at the empty forest. No bushes, no grass, just tall dead trees surrounded a flat carpet of untouched snow. He stared around as the trees seemed to stretch until the horizon. “Kyros,” came the wind again as he seemed to spin in his spot. He spun around until he saw something that made his jaw drop. Amee stood twenty yards away from him. “Amee,” he said in such disbelief as he rubbed his eyes several times before he realized that it was true. Standing as gorgeous as the sunrise her white dress shone like a fresh pearl. Her hands were crossed in front of her as her eyes seemed to be able to melt the snow itself. “Amee, you’re . . . you’re . . . back” she gave the tiniest smile as she turned and disappeared behind a particularly large tree. “Amee wait,” leaving the Bow of Apollo and his sword behind he chased after Amee as the snow crunched beneath him. “Amee,” he screamed as he saw her moving quickly in the distance between the trees. Her finger beckoned him as she gave a soft giggle. “Come on Kyros,” she said in such a high pitched voice it sounded as if she was having the time of her life. “You got to hurry up,” she cried as he tried to run at full speed to catch up to her. “Where are you,” darting around trees, his vision a giant white blur heading further from his campsite. “You gotta catch me Kyros,” it was almost as if they were playing hide and seek together.

He had completely lost her as he found himself at the edge of a tall mountain staring above a sea as a black as the night. The waves crashed over the side as if the titans were wrestling in the very ocean. He tuned to see that Amee had crossed a wooden bridge. There she stood on a small portion of land that had separated from the mainland. “Amee, how did you get free? How is this possible”? She laughed as her golden locks fluttered in the wind as she gave a final smile, “come get me”. Gripping the bridge, Kyros appeared worried as it swayed in the breeze appearing to be seeing its final days. With a

353
ROBBY RICHARDSON

deep breath he began to cross the bridge, “just stay there I’m coming for you”. He kept going until he reached the middle of the bridge. The wind began to blow harder as he turned to see the smile turn to anger as Amee had lost her gentleness. She had a dark cloud around her as her face seemed to turn almost demonic, “you’re too late”. The bridge gave a loud snap as he began to panic, and then the bridge snapped splintering in half. Falling with the edge of the bridge he grabbed on to the boards as much as possible. He collided into the rock shelf. His hands gripped the boards harder as he tried to recover from the blow. Looking up he saw Amee standing on the edge staring down at him. “What’s going on, I don’t understand”? Her face contorted in rage, “you were always so thick . . . never good enough”. The wood began to groan as it splintered slightly. “Help me, I am going to fall,” “good,” she shot back at him. The board snapped as Kyros struggled for every second. “Kyros,” he looked up at her as she shook her head, “in case you don’t get the hint . . . don’t come for me . . . go back”. The board snapped as Kyros fell into the sea below. Each side of the broken board held in his hand as the frozen water engulfed him.

“Caw . . . Caw . . .” his eyes shot open as he listened intently into the morning. The sun was slowly rising in the sky as Kyros removed his hood to see that a light frost had appeared over the ground. He had to wait several seconds before he could finally take in what had just happened. “Caw,” he didn’t even recognize his surroundings until a loud ruffle of feathers could be heard. He sleepily looked up and saw something that nearly made him stop breathing. A large raven sat in a top branch of an overly exposed tree. The bird’s black eyes stared down at him as its claws gripped the branch. Its vision never left his as if it was wondering why he was in his forest. Not really sure if he should move fast, Kyros began to every so slowly rise to his

354
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

feet. “Don’t worry, I am not going to do anything,” the raven gave a soft, “caw” in reply. Its black beak looked about the size of a grown man’s finger. “I am not going to hurt,” wishing he had said something better at that moment instead of picking up the Bow of Apollo and sliding it over his shoulders. The raven fluffed himself up and with a final loud, “caw,” spoke a clear warning or threat. “I’m not leaving,” Kyros said trying to understand this “normal” situation. Stretching its enormous wings it gave several large flaps as it rose into the air almost gracefully as it swooped down at Kyros. Its claws were small but they cut at his face as he tried to swipe at it. “GET OFF ME,” he yelled as the bird began to peck and tear at his hair. The bird was so fast that it was hard to grab a hold of. The bird’s claw scrapped across Kyros’s eyes nearly tearing his eyeball. He felt his hand connect with the bird. It fluttered in the air a little stunned as it regained its balance.

It flapped to the same branch and looked down at Kyros clearly testing the water. His cuts began to sting, “You stupid raven”! Removing his bow he placed an arrow in the string as the raven twisted its head in a mocking dare. “Caw,” with a quick snap of the string the arrow flew with such precision that the raven was almost struck by it. It cawed loudly in the air, “I’m not going anywhere”! And with those final words the bird flew into the sky as Kyros grabbed his sword and took off after it. Chasing a black bird was harder than he had expected, especially over such rough and rugged terrain. After climbing over a hill that took the wind out of him he had thought he lost the crafty bird. “No please don’t be gone,” scanning the sky for a black bird was difficult with all the tall trees. The Black Forest was a perfect name for it. In the distance a soft “caw, caw, caw,” could be heard it was minuet an ever so faint.

Arriving at two large bushes he stopped when he felt his lungs were about to burst. They were inflamed as each breath felt like

355
ROBBY RICHARDSON

broken glass tearing at him. He felt his eyes close as tears began to fill his eyes. He had lost the raven and with the loss of the raven meant the loss of Amee. He wiped at his eyes as the tears began to fall more rapidly, “Amee,” he seemed to whisper to himself. He began to shake as he felt his odyssey was all in vain. The air began to grow colder as his tears froze to his face as they fell. Pausing he wiped the tears away that were rapidly becoming small icicles. The frost began to appear on the trees as a dark fog seemed to be rolling in.

His stomach did a cartwheel as the last ounces of strength seemed to be sucked out of him. A small ship made out of the darkest black smoke was slowly sailing across the forest. A lone figure dressed in robes as black as night held a long pole in his hands making it paddle the air. He steered his ship along its deathly course. Watching from the bushes the raven sat on the ferryman’s shoulder as the ship sailed to Kyros’s campsite.

The very air seemed to freeze as he rested his hand on the tree next to him. He had traveled deeper into the cursed forest. What was he to do now? How does one actually go up to the ferryman of the underworld? It’s not like a mortal simply walks up to Charon and says “oh ferrymen please help escort me to the underworld”. In the seconds that had passed within his thoughts Charon had sailed far away and would be soon swallowed up in the night. If he had lost Charon he might never find him again. Doing the only thing he pretty much knew how to do now. Kyros removed the wooden oak Bow of Apollo and quivered the arrow. He popped out of the bushes and with a quick, “HEY”! He was already out of the bushes and raising the arrow to the hooded figure. “HEY CHARON” the hooded figure turned as the boat made of smoke came to a slow halt. Charon glided off the ship as the raven responded loudly. “I

356
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

know I am not supposed to be here but I want to make you an offer,” Charon glided towards him as the smoke seemed to follow his every motion. “I need to get into the underworld,” Charon shook his head, “I know mortals can’t go but I need to get into the underworld just for twenty four hours.”
Standing up to his full height, Charon’s towering body must have stood at eight feet tall. Charon seemed to look him over like a dog examining a meal. He finally raised his arm and waved it off, “no I won’t go” he screamed. “I need to get to the underworld and I will give you anything for it”. Charon waved his arm again as he turned his back and headed back to his ship. Charon wasn’t clearly interested in anything Kyros had, “I’ll let you take my body”. Charon stopped, “you can use my body to fulfill your eternal servitude”. Charon turned back, “show me where the entrance to the underworld is and I will grant you my eternal servitude you can finally be free of your curse. Charon turned back in disbelief, “I would do anything just to keep her happy”. Outstretching his dead hand towards Kyros, who bite his lip and then with his final thoughts of Amee his hand met with Charon’s. The feeling was instantaneous as his body seemed to erupt in flames. He screamed in a pain as his skin seemed to boil each second seemed like a lifetime. When the pain stopped he had found himself on the ground again as he had done when he had given his soul to the fates. As he lay on the ground he felt cursed and different again, but this was a different feeling like before. It was almost as if he had been sucked of all hope and with a guaranteed lifetime of ferrying people to the underworld upon his death.

Charon turned as bright as the sun and with a flash the smoke had turned as bright as Mount Olympus. The flash faded and soon darkness crept back in and the forest became as dark as it had been before. Charon stood in front of him still and motionless, Kyros

357
ROBBY RICHARDSON

rose off the ground. His legs were wobbly and it was hard for him to stand. After he regained his balance, he picked up the bow and arrow returning it to its proper place. “Well are you just going to stand there? A deal’s a deal right”? Raising his two thin skeletal fingers he placed them in the small dark hole in the middle of his hooded cloak. There came a soft whistle on the wind it was soft and faint only for the keenest of ears. And sure enough in the distance a faint barking could be heard in the deepest depths of the forest. He lowered his fingers and turned to the ship. “Where the hell are you going aren’t you going to . . .” Kyros was chasing after the ferryman but fell silent when Charon turned back. He didn’t need a face to show his murderous anger. He motioned his head towards the forest “Are you going to give me a direction”!

The barking and howling began to grow closer, “What the hell is that? Who are those dogs for”? “HEY, are those dogs . . . who are they coming for,” making his way up to the stern of the boat he took the large wooden pole and began to move the boat of smoke “Hey who are those dogs coming for . . .” Charon gave one final look and then pointed to Kyros. Charon began to sail between the trees. The raven on his shoulder gave one final cry as a howl came from only about a hundred yards away. “He betrayed me that bastard,” Kyros yelled as he took off into the trees running from dark creatures. The trees snapped back in such haste as the barking began to advance on him. He was being chased by a mysterious pack but when the advancing grew he tried to run faster. Tumbling down a steep hill he crashed over a large fallen tree and fell into a small ditch. Shaking his head he took off into the thicket. The barking grew louder and then at the top of a large hill a fog seemed to flow down the hill. A shadow streaked across the night, the trees were beginning to grow black as he continued to run. The shadow had four legs and ran

358
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

like a dog he had never seen. It was a black figure and had eyes red as blood. They shined like blood red lanterns as they advanced on Kyros. He knew exactly what they were but he never thought that he would see them. Charon’s dark figure had nothing compared to these hounds. They had large sets of shaggy hair and were as big as Hyenas. Their teeth were sharp as drool thick as syrup fell from there lips. His lungs burned as saw three more hell hounds appear. Kyros turned his head and saw more dogs running down the side of a large hill. The terror was growing inside him, “I can’t believe he betrayed me”. Wiping his sweating face, he ran down a valley and continued running until his feet pounded. He ran until the sun rose high in the sky and the dogs hunted him the entire time. Deciding to make his way up the hill, he climbed up it took forever and all the strength he could muster until he reached the top. He realized that he was staring breathlessly down at a valley with nothing but trees as dead as ash. Taking a breath he began to frantically make his way down the steep hill into the forsaken valley. Kyros remained unsure of where his plight would take him.

When the sun began to sink low in the sky he finally came up to a river filled with a black substance. The trees held dead bodies in their twisted and gnarled branches. Kyros collapsed onto a large black stone, ash permeating the air. He fell silent as the dogs let out a long howl as they were mere yards away. There was no way Kyros would be able to continue on. The dogs had brought him down to a valley and a river blocked his path. There was no escape. He had to cross the river somehow. Rising up he gave himself a quick, “come on Kyros,” he gripped his pounding heart and tried to reflect on the purpose for his martyrdom. “Amee needed him” he repeated in his head. She was kidnapped and tapped in the underworld. However what Hades didn’t know was that Kyros was willing to sacrifice

359
ROBBY RICHARDSON

everything for her. His life had no purpose without her. He had proven that with every blister popping mile he ran. He heard the dogs drawing closer the river roared from a gradual decline and ran down a large black hole which looked to have a vertical drop at the end. On the other side of the road was another dirt road it seemed all roads led to here either way the hell hounds had brought him to the place. Or had they, what if his judgment was wrong? What if he drops into a cavern and can’t get out, it was not like he had any rope or anything. The hounds were at the top of the slope staring down at him. Their blood red eyes glared at him hungrily as their black tongues licked their chops. Their drool foamed at the mouth. Not really sure if mortal weapons would be able to hurt an immortal creature he took one last look at the bottomless pit. Deciding that this is the best time, he removed the vile from his pocket and downed the disgusting blood. Gagging into his hands he felt the vomit enter his throat. With a deep breath he closed his eyes and jumped into the black river. The dogs had stopped their deadly pursuit.

He sunk into the black goo and it clung to his body. It flowed over the edge and he tumbled down with the liquid. It drenched his entire being as he fell in the bottomless pit. Over and over he fell and soon he hit something thick. He felt several of his ribs snap during the tumble. He screamed in pain as he dropped out of the thick liquid and dropped into a circular cavernous room. The black river flowed counter clockwise across the edge of the room as a large podium sat in the middle with a large iron gate next to it. A large sign written in bones read, Abandon All Hope Ye Who Enter Here. Behind the podium sat a hooded figure only this figure’s black hood was not raised over his head. It didn’t seem like it would be able to fit him. He had a sunken and dead skull like that of a giant bull. His long horns protruded up as the Minotaur’s had and his skull face

360
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

made Kyros wretch slightly. He had a large skeletal tail that curled around the podium like a massive snake. Kyros gripped the sides of the large stone platform and crawled onto the rocky shore. Breathing heavily Kyros seemed to collapse as his heart felt like it was going to explode in his chest. It felt like the very air was dead and stuffy as he tried for what seemed like forever to catch his breath.

After what seemed like several days Kyros began to rise from his rock bed. Finally taking in the room he noticed that torches lined every inch of the surrounding wall. He turned and stared at the figure behind the counter for the longest time. “Who are you,” “silence” bellowed the creature “I will be the only one asking questions now”! The skeletal bull bared his squared teeth “what is a mortal doing at the gate of the underworld . . . how did you find this place”? Kyros stood before him as he tried to dwell on the subject but Minos stepped down from the large podium. He walked like a giant as each step seemed to take all its strength. The tail uncurled from around the podium as it followed its oversized master. Minos came forth as Kyros dripped with the black liquid but as he spoke some of it began to drip away as if gravity was pulling it down at a much faster rate than normal. “I have never seen anything like this in years! You have a pact . . . with whom, how long”?

Unsure of how to answer the question he gave a quick “I’m sorry sir but I,” holding up his hooves. “Wait . . . wait this doesn’t make any sense,” his hooves waved wildly, “You’re just a mortal, you’re not dead! What are you doing here”? “I assure you Minos that I have cause to be here and I can assure you my visit is only temporary. “No mortal is allowed in the underworld,” Kyros wobbled on his knees as he tried to remain firm. “I will give you anything . . . please I’ll be right back here in less then twenty four hours.” Minos moved so close as his bone like nose began to sniff around his face like a

361
ROBBY RICHARDSON

dog. Minos retreated, “you don’t even have a soul do you”? Instead of telling Minos about the Fates he decided to play the card he believed would work. “I know which will make it easy for me . . .

won’t dry attention will I”? Minos paused, “I’ll give you this,” Kyros reached around and pulled out the wooden oak Bow of Apollo. Minos reached out and slipped the bow over his hoof, “it’s the Bow of Apollo”. Minos examined it over as his empty eye sockets focused on the gold emblem on the front. He continued to examine it finally pulling away shaking his head, “I am sorry but this is not the Bow of Apollo”.

“No it is,” cried Kyros but Minos shook his head making his horns cut through the air softly. “It is not the Bow of Apollo but it is something special though,” “well if you let me continue I promise I will be back in twenty four hours and you can keep the bow it means nothing to me”. Minos raised his head, “your not going to cause any trouble are you . . . if you get me in trouble”. Kyros shook his head, “I promise in and out,” Minos’s eyes never left the bow. “Do you know whose bow this is actually,” shaking his head Minos laughed, “my dear boy this is the bow of the famous Paris . . . stolen during the Trojan War”. “It wouldn’t matter if it came from the bottom of the ocean from Poseidon’s own hands, can I get in”? Nodding, “yes, but be back here in twenty four hours . . . I will also have to assign you a guide.” Furrowing brow Kyros repeated, “A guide”? Minos nodded, “yes somebody to keep an eye on you”. He paused as he tapped the edge of the bow off his lower jaw. Finally raising his hoof in the air, “I have just the person for you, I believe you know him”. The seconds ticked by as Minos revealed a skeletal smile, “how would you like to meet with your old friend Leopold”?

(Original Text Unreadable)

362







Chapter 7

Reunited



(Original Text Unreadable)

His hands were clammy and sweaty as he gripped the sides of the black rock. The dark black patio sat directly above him.

And after the long climb he didn’t think that he had the strength to hoist himself over it. However his luck had played out his guide had been right. A large hallway ran the patio with a blood red carpet on the floor. A woman was pacing back and forth in robes of the brightest silver. She almost reminded him of a star or a diamond, but then again she was precious to him. He sat there waiting at the side as she just continued to pace back and forth down the hallway. Deciding to take his chance, it was now or never Kyros went for it. He froze as he held onto the ledge. It had been so long since she was taken from her bed, so long since Hades had kidnapped her. He shook his head and killed those thoughts before they began to surface in his head. He had come too far to stop now. Time didn’t matter when it came to love and Kyros was going to follow his heart or what was left of it at least.


363
ROBBY RICHARDSON

“KYROS,” exclaimed Amee as his frail body climbed over the railing and he lowered himself to the ground. His sword clattering next to him, he steadied it as he approached her. “Is it safe,” he whispered as she nodded at him. Her golden hair was the brightest thing in this dark world. Her face seemed to be carved from Aphrodite as her blue eyes filled with shock. He smiled as he hurried over to her without hesitation and soon embraced her in a kiss so deep the very room grew warmer. But after several seconds she pulled away, “how is this possible”? Her hand traced his cheeks as nothing seemed to be able to wipe the smile from her face. “Hades told me you were dead,” Kyros shook his head, “I am alive . . . I gave away everything to rescue you”. Her smile seemed to slacken slightly as Kyros leaned in and they were embraced in a kiss that lasted five whole minutes.

Recoiling slightly she waved her hand in front of her face, “you really need a bath . . . you stink”. “After all I have done, I stink,” a small smile curled her tear soaked face. She sniffled slightly as Kyros continued, “Well I am sorry, I said I would come for you and I couldn’t spare one second to stop and take a bath.” She ran her hand over his cheek, “you could have at least waded through a river or creek”. She kissed him lightly, “let’s get out of here before it’s too late”. Taking her hand he began to lead her towards the patio, “I can’t climb down there, besides things have changed Hades and me . . .” Kyros took a step back, “I don’t understand, are you about to say what I think you are going to say”? She threw up her hands, “well what do you expect it’s been over two years besides I thought you were dead”. Shaking his head, “but I am not dead yet, I am here to rescue you,” tears flowing harder as she shook her head. “I couldn’t wait forever Hades and I have a child now”. Shaking his head, “I can’t believe your saying this I gave up my soul, my body to get you out of here”. She hiccupped, “and what am I supposed to

364
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

do out there . . . without you, did you think about that”? His heart was melting into his chest as he gripped it slightly in pain, “it didn’t matter all that mattered was rescuing you”.
She paused as she stared at him, “you sold your soul . . . to whom”? His skin felt greasy and oily as if he was finally coming to realize the horrid condition he was in. He looked up at her running his muddy fingers over his once white skin. “I sold it to the Fates,” “the Fates”! Her exclamation seemed to change Kyros’s attention, “They are not supposed to take any soul from Hades, to do so . . . I have to tell him”. “And what about your body,” feeling the dread fill the empty space in his heart he just grumpily said, “Charon”. Gripping his sword Kyros had no idea what to do, “please tell me this isn’t true, tell me you are going to come with me, I love you”. Walking closer Amee gripped his hands “I do love you, but it’s too late. What would you have me do up there wait fifty years before I die and just come back . . . I’m happy and this is my home now”.

Shaking his head, “no, please don’t say that”. Tears filled Kyros’s eyes this time as he reached his hands up to her almost helplessly. “Please don’t do this,” shaking her head, “just remember, I love you and will always love you.” His hands rested on her cheeks as she began to cry hysterically, “I promise I will always be out there on that porch watching you and when you look out in the distance you will be able to see me too”. “What are you talking about? You’re not making any . . .” Kyro’s sentence died in his throat as a sharp pain was felt in his side. Amee cried the entire time his sword plunged deeper into his chest. The look of shock as Amee cried, “I am sorry, I love you, remember what I said”. Kyros sunk to the floor as he slowly died in Amee’s arms. It seemed that love wasn’t enough. As the light dimmed in his eyes, a faint light came almost like a ray of sunlight. It was filled with a song that warmed his very body as if sung by

365
ROBBY RICHARDSON

the Sirens themselves. However he smiled as he saw the familiar black mockingbird. It stood high on a podium and sung loudly as his pain seemed to float away with every key. There was harmony in every melody and peace in every note, how he wished he could have listened to it just a couple seconds longer.

The End?











































366







(Alternate Ending #1)


“Why are you doing this, how can you say that . . . you know our home, please come back with me.” She shook her head, “you’re too late, I am sorry Kyros”. Staring blankly at her

he couldn’t grasp any words around the situation, “so what am I supposed to do now? I came here for you”. She nodded, “I know, but you still have a chance to go back and start a new life.” “There is no life without you,” her bottom lip trembled as she traced her finger off his cheek. “Believe me you will find love again, somebody better than me,” his brow furrowed, “how do you know this”? Her smile was weak but convincing, “because I did”. His mouth gapped, “how can you say that”? “Just think of it like this . . . the only person that could take me away from you was the devil himself.” She gave him a final kiss, “you better go Hades should be back any minute, I’ll distract him so you can get away.” She gave him one final glance and turned, “Amee,” Kyros whispered in a defeated plea, “and don’t come back for me Kyros . . . ever”.

Amee disappeared down a flight of stairs and soon he heard a set of large doors open and close. Kyros cried in his hands, if only his best friend could see him now. This made him sob even more not only did he not have the love of his love, but he had killed his best friend too. He was now truly alone in the world and nothing seemed

367
ROBBY RICHARDSON

able to brighten it. As he moved over to the patio he stared out across the underworld. The bright orange light from the neighboring volcanoes as rivers of lava flowed throughout this world. He had no purpose and no reason for existence. As he prepared to make the long journey back maybe he could find a purpose then? After all there had to be some reason why he was still here, selling his soul and his body seemed pointless the more he looked back. He was empty in every way. Maybe he could get them back, either way his destination was clear and it was anywhere but here in the underworld.

A faint rustling could be heard as Kyros turned back towards the stone hallway, which looked more like a dressed up cavern then anything. A tall podium stood at the end with a white object ruffling its tiny wings at him. It was the mockingbird only this time it wasn’t coal black, its beak wasn’t crooked and as it sung its melody was not filled with dismay. Its disheartened tuned was harmonious as it seemed to sooth him. It flapped its wings and took off into the distance. Singing with ever gust as it revealed the path to his future.

The End?


In the unbounded presence of love from the mockingbird above.

Rushing makes you slip make sure the journey is worth the trip. Whether a song of joy or song of dismay listen for the mockingbird everyday and then you will find you way.










368
















Blood is written on the Crown




(Outro)

By

Robby Richardson

CARNIVAL DE MUERTE















“And . . . done,” leaning back in his chair Stephen rested his fingers together staring at his screen. His last work finished as he smiled over it, “I can’t believe . . . it’s done”. “It is my

latest masterpiece,” he reached over and hit save. Wiping his glasses he stood up from his chair, his brown hair was matted spending two whole days writing his latest work. He stretched his legs as he headed to the only thing he desired now, a shower. “I hope the fans like it . . . the scariest work yet,” he nodded, “yeah that sounds good”. He headed out the door, his house empty. “Tomorrow the madness of life would begin,” he smiled as his thoughts took over. The horrors that he wrote about we’re nothing compared to the horrors of daily life. The simplicity of writing horror was less scary than living it. Oh how he wished he could write stories, his stories, all day instead of returning to the world that he dreaded so.

He headed down his corridor revealing the different celebrities he had met, “ah, the one that started it all,” he ran his hand over the dusty glass and repeated the title, “Sherrie”. He turned his head as the memories of the late nights he had spent writing his first book flooded his head. He moved down the corridor finally getting to the stairs, “time for a hot shower, before the family gets back”. It was funny how talking to himself provided the only other comfort to him. The shower seemed to call to him as his foot touched the first step.

371
ROBBY RICHARDSON

He could almost feel the warm water running over him. KNOCK . . . KNOCK . . . KNOCK, he stopped and turned to the front door. “Jesus,” he growled, who would be coming at this hour of the night. He stopped, was it his family? Did they come back early? He shook his head, “no, no they wouldn’t. They know my ritual for writing”.

Stephen crossed the room in two strides as his hand landed on the doorknob. “Alright, this better be . . .” he stopped midsentence as he stared at the strangest pair standing on his doorstep. He walked back in utter terror, “no, this . . . this can’t be”? “Mr . . . .” he stopped as his terrified stutter babbled uselessly, “Ste . . . Ste, Steph, Stephen . . . this can’t be,” he turned to run but the double doors crashed shut.

He slammed against them.

“Let me out,” he turned back as the pair entered his house. The boy was nothing compared to his company. It was like something out of one of his horror stories. He shook his head as he made his way towards the stairs. “I wouldn’t do that Stephen,” Stephen got up a couple steps, “STEPHEN”! He stopped mid-step as he stared at the hooded figure, “You know why we are here”. Stephen shook his head, “I don’t know what’s going on . . . keep away from me”! He raised his hand and pointed to the cloaked figure, “it’s not my time. I’m not going”. The young boy next to him had a wide white smile. His hair was tussled as his young complexion made him look juvenile to his older interior. “But Stephen, I thought . . . I thought you wanted to meet him, that’s . . . that’s why I am brought him . . .

here, to your very door . . . to you”. “Here,” he said, Stephen advanced up the stairs as the Grim Reaper entered the room. The lights gave a little pop and the room went dark.
The chill grew colder as the Reaper’s shadow surrounded the room. His cloak was thick as it pushed aside the boy and advanced towards him. His legs seemed frozen, the young boy advanced too.

372
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

His jaw fell as no scream exited. He felt like one of his victims in his books. True fear and death standing before him, it was something he couldn’t imagine. The boy advanced with the Grim Reaper leading the way, “Death . . . he, he wanted to meet you”. Stephen took a step back and tripped landing on the stairs as Death descended upon him. His glasses slid off his face, shaking violently he turned to the laughing boy. “What . . . why are you doing this,” unsheathing a large butcher knife he twirled it in his hand smiling, “so kings may rise Stephen”. He gripped the knife tighter as his tone grew more serious, “so kings may rise”.

The End


































373












Act IV


VIRUS



-Killer Edition-

[ER]

-Extended Reader-

By

The Serial Killarz

(Robby Richardson & Billy Khydd)

















A Killer in us All




(Intro)

By

Billy Khydd & Robby Richardson

CARNIVAL DE MUERTE















Beep . . . Beep . . . . Beep . . . “yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah . . . could you just shut up for one second”. My hand rose sleepily and was sent crashing onto my alarm clock. I couldn’t believe it was it really

time to get up already. I had just finished the graveyard shift at the hospital and now I had to go and teach my first class. What was I thinking signing up to teach some failures from high school taking low level courses in a community college? The sun was now setting in the sky, how long had he slept? It had to have been longer than he wanted too. Well it was sleep that I wanted, sleep that I needed. My work was never done, there was always more work to do. Well at least if I wanted to stay out of prison. I couldn’t even imagine it, what would the jury say at the trial? How fast would the jury convict? Would they even leave their seats to deliberate? I began to smile a little somehow I could always make myself laugh at least more than those women do. I gave a hard jab at the new bimbo I had laying next to me, “hey whore you awake”? She laid there silent as when I left her, “always the quite type, I liked that in my women.”

I rose from my bed and thankfully that gutter bimbo didn’t make a sound. Her eyes were frozen on me as they coldly and unblinkingly staring at me as I dressed. “Don’t worry sweetie,” I said in a sarcastic voice, “the doctor will be home soon”. She stared at me as I laughed sarcastically leaving the room. I shut the door behind her motionless

379
ROBBY RICHARDSON

body yelling “don’t wait up”! I laughed all the way down my stairs and was still chuckling as I started the car. I couldn’t remember the last time I had laughed that hard. I backed out of the driveway and headed off to class. That bimbo would be gone by tomorrow, I had to make sure of that. It was only a matter of time before somebody reported her missing but I guess that is what they call me the best. It’s a dreadful thing to be considered the best at something and nobody even knew. Well in this line of work you had to be the “best”. Artists were the ones that were the most famous. As far as anybody knew I was just a simple doctor not a nightmare.

However I do have to admit that there was one nightmare that became to close to real. However this nightmare was nothing more than that just a nightmare. However he soon realized that I was the closest to evil you could get be. He was nothing more than just a dreamer compared to me. However there was a time when he did come close but he was the type of guy that luck never favored. He was always so close but never could make that extra mile. In fact he was the reason that I was working the graveyard shift last night. After I had ordered shock therapy for the patient my hopes were finally becoming real. He was becoming the person that he always was but I am afraid that underneath I couldn’t see the monster. I admit I was foolish to think that he could ever escape my prison. When he did escape a nurse had been killed at his hands. His name was Robby Richardson and in the beginning I thought he was just another wannabe. A man that didn’t really understand the lifestyle or what it meant to be the definition of a nightmare. However Robby was never an “artist” but he was definitely a new wave providing a new brutal type of talent. The way he made Nurse Alexis’s face a working masterpiece reminds me a little of a “Picasso” like influence.


380
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

I remembered staring down at the shards of glass that were stuck in her unrecognizable face. She once had a beautiful face. She was a stern woman who believed that everyone could be better than what they originally were. However the problem with Robby was that I didn’t see the amount of potential he had, but still he wasn’t as creative as I. He was able to fool the nurses, the other doctors, his family, and even the board. I was the only person that discovered the horror that lie within him and the chaos that could ensue upon his release. But when the board asked me why, I couldn’t tell them because I was the exact same way only he was a bad dream, mere anarchy . . . I am a killer.

A pulled into the teacher’s parking lot and took my usual spot next to the large oak tree. I just hoped my plan was going off swimmingly. I hated improvising it required much more thinking and I hated on the spot thinking. I reached down and pulled out the syllabus at the top it read A Killer in Us All. I groaned a little just wanting to go and find another bimbo and have myself a “killer” time. I exited the vehicle grabbing my briefcase and entered the crumbling brown stone building. The hallway always smelled like vomit and I often wondered if the students really believed they were getting a “quality” education from here. I walked into the classroom filled with students every row filled and every seat was occupied. I smiled when I saw my plan into effect. “Hello class,” I said sounding polite. “I see that you all got the bottles of water from me,” they all nodded and some even gave a soft “thanks Mr . . . .” I took up a dry erase marker and began to write my name Dr. Billy Khydd. “I am your teacher for this class,” the students read my name and began to laugh a little. “I know I know what would a doctor know about . . .” I froze when I saw a familiar face in the back of the room. He was paler than I had left him as his blue eyes had become colder and dead looking

381
ROBBY RICHARDSON

replacing the once innocent look. I had to admit that my heart had skipped a beat upon seeing his face. I knew he would track me down but I didn’t expect him to find me so quickly. “Well, well, well if you all don’t believe that I am the right man to teach this class why don’t you ask Caesar himself ”?
I raised my hand and allowed Robby to stand and make his presence known. He just sat there giving me a murderous stare. The one that I knew was always a sign of trouble. “I guess he is a little shy,” the rest of the class gave a polite little giggle. But a pudgy haired boy that sat in the front row asked “what would you know about serial killers Dr. Khydd”? He turned around to the rest of the class, “I mean am I the only one that thinks this”? The other classmates nodded along as I smiled, “how many of you enjoyed my generosity”? “You mean the water,” I nodded “yeah the water”. The whole class raised their hands and I was not surprised to see that the only hand that wasn’t raised was Robby’s. “Well clearly Robby back there hasn’t. Would you mind telling us why,” but I knew he wouldn’t answer. “Ok, how many of you don’t think that I am qualified to teach this class?”

I smiled as I saw all the hands rise in the air, but Robby’s still remained the same.
“Well I am glad that you all think that way because as Robby will tell you back there looks can be deceiving.” I watched as some of them stared at the water bottles curiosity in their little faces. “You should never judge a book by its cover,” the pudgy boy was even starting to rub his forehead. “Dr. Khydd I am starting to feel,” “maybe that is because I poisoned all your waters”. “You what,” repeated many of the kids, “your . . . your . . . a freak,” yelled one of the girls. “I’m the freak,” I yelled “you’re the ones sitting here wanting to learn about serial killers. What they eat? How they think? How they can do what

382
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

they do or why they do what they do? How do they become a serial killer”? “I’m the freak,” I repeated watching all the kids dropping their water bottles some clattering to the floor. “The first thing you should know is never drink anything that somebody gives you . . .
right Robby”?

“I’m no freak I am the definition of a killer,” I moved forward towards the rows of desk. “Woe to those who wish to dwell in the mind of the insane for insanity . . . is my reality”. “You all wanted to know the life of an artist? The life that I live every day . . . I’ll bring fear to your front door. Insanity is a virus passed from one human host to another, so consider this a wake up call”. I smiled as I stared at all of there eyes drooping helplessly. A faint look of horror could still be seen. “I’ll show you the life that I live . . . let me show you the horrors of the human mind”. I walked closer to fatty as I grabbed his pudgy cheeks, “I am Dr. Billy Khydd, the definition of a killer and you will see what it’s like inside the mind of a killer. “You . . .

you,” “fatties eyes closed as he fell asleep. The whole class had fallen asleep except for Robby who still sat staring like a cat would stare at a butterfly. “So, I didn’t think you would track me down so quickly,” he never spoke he just rose from his seat. “Now listen Robby, I didn’t mean everything I said I just feel you were too dangerous,” Robby was pale all the color from his eyes were gone. His eyes were cloudy but the dark circle of his eye could barely be seen.

“You wanted me to return to my good old self,” “I did but I pushed to far and for that I am sorry”. “Sorry,” he whispered as he began to reach under his shirt, “I thought you were just an anarchist not a monster”. “You got more than a monster”. I laughed, “You’re nothing more then a wannabe compared to . . .” I froze not really sure if I should tell him, but my thoughts had been put to rest when I heard him say, “I know what you are because you are me and great

383
ROBBY RICHARDSON

minds think alike”. I laughed, “Your mind doesn’t compare to mine. My work has shown that there is a killer in all of us. This virus lives deep within our very souls”.
Withdrawing a pistol, “yes there is but I am the best at it”. I shrugged, “You’re alright I guess”. He raised his pistol to his neighbor who was leaning back in his chair drool coming out his mouth. He raised the gun and let off a single shot. The student’s brains splatter over the floor, “I bring death wherever I go. I’ll bring death to your front door”. I shrugged “Any man can pull a trigger but it takes a real killer to face them like a man”. “A body is a body either way now it’s time for me to surpass the teacher,” he raised the pistol as I began to back away. “You’re no artist! You just slop some paint on paper and call it Picasso. I was wrong about you and your potential.” My words didn’t seem to take effect, “Art is art either way. It’s just how it is presented”! The hammer of the gun clicked back as I dove behind the desk. Shots rang through the room as I could feel the bullets shattering the thick wood. I knew that I would have to show him the true meaning of a killer.

(To Be Continued)



















384
















Slaves of Cockroach Island




By:

The Serial Killarz

(Robby Richardson & Billy Khydd)








Chapter 1

The Crash


The sun was starting to set in the sky over the Pacific Ocean. It was now a light color orange reflecting brightly over the ocean floor. Terry was resting her head staring out the window. She wiped

her curly brown hair out of her face. Her head was starting to hurt not from her lack of sleep, but from her co-passengers. Who would have thought that two people could be so immature and aggravating? Colin was to her right, and he was overweight. His wild gray hair sat in tangles like bushes of thorns. His glasses lay sliding down his sweating crooked nose. The other man on the plane was Derek. Derek had flat black hair and seemed to be the gothic kid back in the day. He was a creepy man, but it was not the dark aura that she received from him. Trying to play Mr. Suave in front of her she felt that his advances were futile. She was flattered of course, but it was a more than that. She would be out at the grocery store, and he would be there. Many times it seemed like random coincidences unrelated to work.

Terry remembered the one time that he actually asked her out. It was two weeks ago today. He walked into her room dressed in a black suit, which continued to feed her creepy persona of him. “I just

387
ROBBY RICHARDSON

wanted to thank you for closing the Smithson account,” Terry was packing up her briefcase, “Well I could not have closed it without your help.” Derek smiled, and she remembered for a brief moment he was attractive. Derek seemed to be stuck in a post college lifestyle. He acted a lot like a college student, but desperate to find any female companionship. “So are you going to come to Sydney with me?” Terry smiled, “Yeah, it’s both of our accounts, we are partners right?” Derek seemed happy about the idea of them being partners. The only reason why they were partners is because Mr. Patterson dumped him on her. As much as she didn’t like to have a partner, her life was her job, and when Derek finally got out what he was trying to say Terry just had to pass. Derek seemed hurt at her rejection of a date. She tapped him on the stomach, and this seemed to make him smile.

Derek was now laughing with Colin, and she now could see a sort of attraction towards him. I mean who was she to be picky? She had not had a boyfriend since college. She turned to look out the window. She was so devoted to her job that her life was going by faster than she expected. Maybe she should reconsider a date with Derek?
However when she looked over towards Derek he was leaning back in his chair finger to cheek. His eyes seemed to wonder down her body as if taking in every inch of her. She could not see the big deal in it. She was wearing red office suit, which did not help her figure in anyway. Not that she wasn’t plain, but she has had a long trip and was not in the mood for him. Her head began to throb with pain. She wished that they both would just grow silent.

She leaned her head back into the chair and pretty soon, she fell asleep. She left Derek and Colin arguing over a football game.
Terry woke to her head slamming against the wall of the private Jet. She began rubbing her head as the plane was now quiet. Cabin

388
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

lights were showing, but those were the night lights. Derek was lying down across his seat. She gulped a little when she realized his wide eyes were gazing at her. “Hi,” she said feeling a little chill running down her neck, “What’s wrong?” His comment seemed difficult to understand. Had he been watching her, or did the jolt wake him up too. Maybe she was thinking too much into it? Terry looked out the window and all she could see were clouds. They looked dark and unfriendly to any passengers who dare cross through them. Thunder was beginning to rumble, “Why are we flying into this thunderstorm?” Derek was now lifting his head up to look out the window. Colin was still asleep as his glasses were slipping off of his face. “I’ll go check,” Derek stood up as Terry tried to straighten her outfit. “That’s weird,” Terry whispered to herself. Her shoe was off, but that doesn’t make sense. Why would her red heel be off of her foot? Derek returned from the cockpit. Terry shook her head and pulled the fallen shoe off of her foot. Maybe it fell off of while she was sleeping?

“So what exactly is going on,” Derek sat back on the chair looking at little worried. “We are trying to go around the storm now,” Terry looked out the dark window trying to see something, but she caught mere glimpses when the lighting lit up the sky. “So is this a big storm,” Derek nodded as he stared at Colin almost in a jealous way. Terry wished she could know what was going on. The plane gave a sudden lurch, and then it seemed to drop in the air a few feet. The captain now came on, “Sorry guys, we are going around the storm now, we should be out of this in a few minutes. It may get bumpy.” Terry sounded worried, “bumpy?” Derek was now sounding scared, “Yeah planes . . . planes get bumpy.” Terry gave him a stern look. He returned it with his own look which was not a reassuring one.

The plane gave another jerk, and the outside of the plane lit up like a spotlight had been turned on and off. A loud boom followed

389
ROBBY RICHARDSON

not even a second later, the plane dropped a little more, but stayed steady. Colin on the other hand had now woken up. His eyes looked wildly as he fumbled with his glasses in his hand. “What the hell is going on?” “Look who decided to join us,” shouted Derek, who now had lost his creepy persona. Terror filled his eyes as the plane rocked harder and started to sway side to side. “Oh my god,” Terry screamed as she put her hands over her ears to cover the crackle of a lighting bolt. The plane fell again, but stabilized continuing to rock and then began to veer to the right more. The intensity of the wind had caught the plane on its right side, and soon the plane was fighting to try to keep from making a three sixty turn.

The plane had now spun over, and it seemed that the pilot had lost control. Terry was screaming as the plane nose dived to the ocean. Derek was even yelling in terror. Colin was crying in his seat, air bags fell from the ceiling. However, it was too late. The plane was barreling down, like a rock. Terry screamed in terror, “I can’t die like this”! Her life unfulfilled and all she had to show for it was her work. She had never known true love. The plane hit the sea with such a crash that the wings blew off immediately. A great fireball consumed the top of the plane and seemed to blow open a huge side in the roof. The plan continued to twirl like a NASCAR and finally came to a halt. After several seconds the plane began to sink into the ocean.















390







Chapter 2

A Hidden Secret


Terry woke up coughing and sputtering as the sun was rising in the horizon. Colin’s ugly face was staring into hers. She looked up and realized that she was lying on a beach. “Where . . . where the

hell are we,” her voice sounded dry as her body was covered with salt. Colin sat back down, “Thank God, we thought that you were dead.” Terry felt something on her head, “My head hurts.” Derek was now walking up and down the beach, “We should get a fire going.” Colin was sitting down in the sand, Terry sat up slowly. She grew light headed with every movement of her body and was looking out into the ocean. “What the hell happened,” she asked again. Colin’s suit was all torn up and covered with sand. “We crashed Terry,” he said it in a way that was like it was the most obvious thing in the world. “How long have I been out,” Derek gave a hearty laugh “Hours, and don’t thank us either for saving your life.” “You saved my life,” she muttered. Colin was now laughing, “We crashed into the ocean, who do you think put you on our little makeshift raft? Would you have liked too have drown?”

Terry gave a faint laugh, “Alright well where are we?” Terry clenched her head and began to look around. A jungle sat behind

391
ROBBY RICHARDSON

them and to her right and left stretched beach. “We should look around and see if there are people here?” Derek was now gazing into the jungle, but Terry didn’t like the idea. “Maybe we should stay on the beach in case a rescue plan comes.” Derek scoffed, “Rescue plane . . . We might be on Hawaii or something, maybe there are people here?”
Colin got up from the sand and helped Terry to her feet. She began to feel light headed again and standing was not a good option. Her head felt like it was swimming, and she didn’t know if she would actually have the strength. “Where is that damn pilot,” asked Colin. “Pilot,” she repeated hazily, “Yeah Terry you know one of the guys that was flying the plane?” Terry turned round and faced Colin, “Don’t talk to me like I am stupid!” Colin did not seem to be threatened by her but thankfully Derek came between them. “Look one pilot went out in the jungle last night to go look for help. The other one died in the crash.” Terry lowered her threatening finger, “the . . . crash?” She muttered the comment with such denial and disbelief.

She gazed out into the empty ocean, “Maybe we should go looking for the pilot?” Colin nodded in agreement, but Terry thought different. “We should stay on the shore in case of a rescue boat.” Derek ignored her comment and began walking towards the jungle, “Derek!” Derek just raised his hands, “You know how I feel on the subject.” Terry turned to see if Colin would provide some sanity to the situation, but he still agreed with Derek. They both began walking towards the jungle, “So where did the pilot go”? Derek just shrugged, which Terry did not find very helping. The jungle was thick and overcrowded. It was hot too like a permanent sauna. The jungle continued to grow thicker the deeper that they went into it.

“Help,” yelled Derek, which Terry also found very unhelpful.

“What was the pilot’s name,” Colin stretched his face in concentration.

392
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

“It was . . . um . . . . Duke . . . I think?” Terry rolled her eyes as they continued to plow their way through the jungle. “So what happened to the raft,” Colin now was wiping his head from the sweat. “It wasn’t a raft, just metal from the plane. We had to hold hands to keep from floating away.” Derek now stopped making Terry almost crash into him. “What are you stopping for,” Derek began to look up into the trees, “Do you hear something?” Colin slapped Derek on the back, “It’s a jungle of course, there is going to be noise.” Derek began to walk again, and Terry’s head began to hurt again. She just wished those damn bugs would stop clicking so fast. It sounded as if the clicking was coming from every direction and every tree.

“You smell that,” muttered Terry as something entered her nose. It smelled horrible, it was indescribable. Terry took the shirt off of her head and put it around her mouth. “Oh my god,” Derek stopped again, “What is it now?” Terry had almost crashed into Derek a second time. Derek was now looking down at the ground, “Don’t look down.” He began to back up in his spot, and Terry saw the reason why. There were skeletons all in a pile and many in a huge neighboring pit. It was a massive pile of remains from recently disregarded bodies, to centuries old skeletons picked clean by the elements. “They look like babies,” moaned Terry hoping that she was wrong. Bugs crawled all over the babies, some of them still had meat on their bodies, The bugs were thick, big, red and black in color smaller then a cell phone.

Terry shrieked, and Derek backed up faster, “What kind of bugs are those,” asked Colin. Terry had to get out of there beginning to walk away when she heard Derek say, “I think they are cockroaches.” Terry began retracing their steps when she looked up and saw a woman standing mere feet in front of her. She had white chalk over her body, a huge arrangement of flowers, and what looked like bones

393
ROBBY RICHARDSON

hanging in her hair. Her spear was tight in her hands as she began to thrust it towards Terry. Derek and Colin had gotten quiet too. “Guys,” Terry whispered, but Derek softly whispered back, “Shut up.” She gave a quick glance and saw more women covered in chalk thrusting spears at them. “I guess we are not alone,” Derek whimpered.














































394







Chapter 3

The Long Lost Tribe


Derek, Colin, and Terry were tied together and marched through the jungle. Terry was sniffling as an armored band of islanders were now taking them to an unknown location. They did not speak English not that Terry really expected them too. The only thing the islanders could do was point and shriek in a strange foreign language. There were about eight of them all coated with the same white chalk, and they all had flowers with strange looking bones hanging from braids in their curly hair. They marched through the

jungle the humidity seemed as thick as clouds.

The tribe’s women were shouting in a strange language. Colin tried to plead with them, tried to explain a plane crash. However it looked as though they had never heard of a plane crash, or even the idea of an airplane. When Colin tried to show them what a plane was like they must have thought he was talking about birds. They pointed at birds along the way pointing and saying, “plane.” Colin continued to protest until Terry had finally heard enough, “Will you shut up Colin?” Derek on the other hand had seemed to have taken a vow of silence. He seemed to have a face of a man that was so confused at the situation. Not the fact that they were prisoners, but

395
ROBBY RICHARDSON

the fact that he had been captured by women without a fight. His pride seemed to be hurt more than the gravity of the situation.
They started going up a steep hill “Where are you taking us?” One of the women jabbed their spears at him making a motion for him to keep walking, she screamed, “Ida ud con septa. Ida ud con septa! They continued to walk now ascending up a steep hill, when Colin started to freak out. He started to scream and thrash with pain. He fell to the ground yelling “Get it off!” The women seemed to be taken aback by this. They did not know if he was joking or if it was a trick. He continued to scream, “It’s biting me!” The women still stared blankly at him. Terry pointed her tied fingers at him, “Help him!” They looked at each other confused, Derek stood there not saying anything. One of the women, the prettiest out of the lot rolled Colin over and took out a small stone knife. She sliced open the back of Colin’s suit jacket, and out popped a cockroach.

The women jumped back, they began to jab their spears at the bug. The cockroach sped through the forest floor under leaves and twigs. The prettiest tribe’s women gave a loud war like whoop and sent her spear right onto the cockroach. It gave a sickening crack, and red liquid shot out of it. She pulled up the roach which hung on her spear tip. It was not black or brown like Terry had seen on television. This one had a blood red shell with black covering its legs, head, and antennas similar to the ones that they had left behind.

They continued to walk through the jungle, which seemed if possible to grow even hotter. The women continued to shove their spears at them making them walk deeper and deeper into the jungle. How big was this island? Terry began to slouch over as the beads of sweat began to pour down her forehead. She wanted to take a shower more than anything in the world. The salt seemed to make her skin a little rougher, and the humidity seemed to make it worse.

396
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Her captures did not speak the whole time. Why were there dead babies littering the forest floor? The thought of the babies almost made her wretch. What was going to happen to them? Who were these people? Were they going to eat them? This kind of thought would have never crossed her mind but the situation at hand made it a reality. The uphill climb was difficult, and with the thick humidity Terry felt like she was suffocating. Derek was the first to reach the top of the hill and immediately stopped walking. Colin walked right next to him and also stopped. Terry followed and saw the look of surprise on their faces. Their mouths were open as their eyes scanned the jungle. Terry turned her head and felt her mouth drop open too. She stared down into a valley containing numerous different types of huts. The huts were small, probably containing only one circular room. The walls were made from wood, and the roofs were made with giant green leaves. The other thing that surprised Terry was that there were no men around the camp. Women littered the town and most of them looked pregnant. Terry continued to scan the town as the women were dressed in outfits that looked like they were made from nature itself.

Terry felt one of the tribesmen’s spears jab her in the back. She was the first to walk down the hill mostly out of curiosity not bravery. Even when she walked down the hill she could feel eyes on her. She turned her head slightly trying not to seem suspicious. Sure enough Terry could see Derek’s eyes wondering down yonder. Terry did not think that she could have felt dirtier than she did at that point. She was an utter wreck and looked very unappealing. What was worse was that even in the situation that she was in Derek was checking her out. She could still feel his eyes on her as they hit the bottom of the hill.

The village was something out of a National Geographic magazine. Terry walked into town towards a large hut which was shaped like

397
ROBBY RICHARDSON

a large rectangle. The women eyed them as they walked through the camp. The women were all pregnant and all in different stages of pregnancy. Terry saw a women hugging on another women as they walked by. Terry tried to eye around the camp, but there were no men at all. Terry was marched into the giant hut and on wooden bed laid another woman. She was much older than the rest of the women. She had graying hair but looked to be in her early fifties. However she still looked very good for her age. Her brown eyes caught a glimpse of them and became narrow like a cat about to pounce.

She got to her feet and was dressed in a long green outfit which looked to be made from the same leaves as the roofs. Her lips pierced with interest as she eyed all three of them. She wore a gallant headdress filled with different flowers but in the middle of headdress was a giant cockroach. It had the disgusting blood red body that stood out in the bouquet of white and yellow flowers. The guard on Terry’s right began to speak, “Cao Cao un Vede par skie unto lessa. The women began to point her dirty finger at Terry, who had no clue what she was saying. However the older women seemed to understand every word. “English,” whispered Colin who sounded as if talking was something he did not want to do.

However the older women grunted and a smile spread across her face. She gave a simple “ick tok bensa” and then the guards all turned leaving the room without a backwards glance. The woman’s eyes rose into the back of her head in deep thought, “You speak English?” Colin smiled as if now everything was going to be alright, “Yes speak English”. He looked relieved “please don’t kill us”! The woman now began to pace the floor thinking what to say next. She stopped as if she had found the answer she was looking for. “Two spared . . . one die”. Terry’s mind began to race, who were they going to kill? Would

398
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

it be her? Maybe they were going to save the men because they had none here. Terry could feel an icy chill fill her entire body. Colin and Derek seemed to be thinking the same.
Colin was worried, his voice trembled, “How did you learn English?” The woman began to pace again, this time a little longer, “Men . . . boat . . . come here . . . many storms . . . taught English . . .” She paused every time. Terry was not sure if she really understood what she was saying. The lady raised her hand to silence Colin’s bombardment of questions. “What . . . call . . . you,” Colin looked to Derek who shrugged, “Your names,” blurted out Terry. “Your names,” she repeated looking at Terry as if this was her name. Terry shook her head, “No, I am Terry.” “Terry,” the woman repeated turning to Derek, who seemed to gulp a little at being addressed. “Derek,” she nodded and moved to Colin who now seemed a little better since the women was speaking English, “Colin.” The women did not smile she just eyed them. Terry had to ask the question that was killing her, but Colin cut her off. “Who are you, what is this place?” Terry flashed an angry look at Colin, who was so large that the sweat started to make him look like an oversized pig.

Terry felt her questions beginning to eat away at her like a small tick had infested her. Her mind wandered far, but her attention was brought back when the lady started talking again. “I . . . Xuhu, Queen of village and island,” Xuhu clapped her hands and the guards returned. Xuhu pointed to Terry and Derek “zababo be”. She pointed to her left as if she was pointing up at the sun. The guards smiled and some even began to look at Derek not in a threatening way, but in a flirtatious way. The women raised there spears and began to jab at them. “Wait . . . ,” Terry had raised her hands to stop them, “Where are you taking us? What are you going to do? We need help! We crashed from a plane and landed on this island by mistake.”

399
ROBBY RICHARDSON

Xuhu’s face went into amazement, “What plane?” Terry scoffed as if she could not believe they did not know what airplane was. “It’s like a,” she paused how do you describe a plane to somebody that has no idea what it is?
“A giant metal bird with wings,” she began to flap her arms stupidly. Xuhu was not laughing as her face contorted in more confusion, “Metal?” Terry gave a groan of frustration, “What are you going to do with us?” “Food,” Terry felt her heart sink, “You’re not going to eat us?” Derek let out a yell, “Hell no if you wanna eat me you are going to have to kill me first.” For the first time Terry agreed with Derek. If they were going to be eaten here they would have a hell of a time trying. However Xuhu was smiling, she shook her head and walked over to them. She began to pace again, and this time longer than before. It was clear that she did not know how to explain it to them. “What’s our purpose?” Xuhu smiled again and walked closer to Terry she laid her hand gently onto her stomach, and softly said “food.” Terry was now the one confused, “You’re going to eat my stomach?” Terry groaned again when Xuhu looked confused at her choice of words. As much as it pained Terry she touched her stomach, and then pretended to eat it pointing to Xuhu. Xuhu shook her head, and Terry felt a little better than before.

Xuhu walked to one of the guards, who appeared further along into her pregnancy than the others. Xuhu rubbed her bulging belly and repeated “food.” Terry’s mouth fell open. She now knew why there were baby skeletons out in the middle of the jungle. Terry felt like retching again. Colin seemed disgusted by it too. “You eat your own children,” Xuhu shook her head at Colin simply replying, “No for Xianchillian,” “Who,” they all said together. Xuhu pointed to the cockroach on her head dress. “You feed them . . . to the cockroaches,” Xuhu saw them all eyeing the cockroach, “Our . . .

400
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

God . . . Xianchillian.” Terry looked to Derek and Colin who still looked confused. “Don’t you get it,” she was almost yelling at them, “They feed their babies to their god.” Xuhu seemed to not have caught all of what they had said. Terry figured that they had talked to fast for her to comprehend them. She looked angry, “what you say?’ Terry ignoring the question asked, “Is that why there are no men in your village.” “We have men,” Derek looked like he wanted to find out where the men were, but Terry figured that their purposes were intertwined. “What are there purposes,” Terry motioned towards Derek and Colin. Xuhu walked over to Derek and pointed to his crotch, “We need seed.” Derek couldn’t hide the smile that spread on his face and additionally Colin now started to smile, “What about me?” He seemed to be hoping that his fate would be the same as Derek’s. Xuhu walked closer to him and grabbed his stomach muttering “Food for god.”

Colin’s face went white and Xuhu began to shake it, “Mumbato do ca see”. The guards were jabbing at them again. “Help is coming for us,” Colin’s threatening voice broke like a child reaching puberty. Xuhu eyed him, “Only one man ever found island . . . they brought god.” They were escorted out of the tent, and marched up towards another hut. This hut was built thicker than the other huts with the addition of guards placed at the front. They all walked into the hut, which seemed to be shaped like all the others. One circular room with only one exit, the sun was beginning to set in the sky. The guards slid a giant wooden door in front of the exit sealing them in. Green and brown leaves littered the floor like it was a natural carpet. Terry knew that if they were to have any chance of surviving they would need to escape this hut and get off this island. However she would need to take it one step at a time.


401







Chapter 4

No Escape from Hell


Colin seemed to crash onto the floor. He appeared exhausted and did not seem to care that bugs were crawling in the hut.

“We need to escape,” Terry whispered to them both. “Where exactly are we going to go,” whispered Derek. He put his hands through his greasy hair, “I mean it doesn’t sound like it’s going to be that bad.” Terry walked up to Derek and literally slapped him in the face, “You’re a pig! Is sex all you can think of?” Derek smiled and eyed her up and down, “Why don’t you give me something to think of.” His eyes landed on her chest, “How can you think of something like that at a time like this?” “Well what else can we do? There is no way out of here.” Terry actually raised her hand to slap Derek again, but she stopped, “I will never have sex with you, EVER, you would have to screw my rotting corpse.”

She turned from Derek unable to even look at him. Colin was still lying on the ground. “There has got to be a way out of here,” Terry began to walk around the room. “You know how long I have wanted to get with you?” Terry could not believe Derek was still talking to her. “Listen, if we live through this I will never talk to you ever again, you’re a freak. I should have rejected Mr. Patterson

402
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

pairing up the two of us.” “Things can change,” Derek replied trying to sound smooth, “You have a better chance at screwing Colin then me. You will never even touch my hand.” She flashed her hand in front of him almost teasing him. “Alright then, if you are going to be like that how are we going to get out of here?” Terry eyed Colin lying on the ground, “Follow my lead, if you can do that.” She walked towards Colin, “And quit staring at my ass!” Derek gave a creepy smile and turned his head towards the wall. Terry was now standing over Colin, “what’s going on Terry?’ Terry raised her muddy worn out shoes, “I’m sorry Colin.”

Terry’s foot collided with Colin’s stomach, “What the hell do you think your doing?” Terry repeated the action over and over again. Colin tried to scramble up, but Terry shoved her shoe on his head and forced him back down to the ground. Terry continued to kick Colin, “Help me you idiot!” Derek however just stood there almost dumbfounded by her actions. Terry began to kick harder making Colin groan in pain. He tired to scramble up again, and Terry pushed him back down to the ground. She kicked him as hard as she could, “Stop Terry, what the hell is wrong with you?” Her shoe collided with his forehead, which sent his head banging off the wooden walls. “Stop, Terry, get off me you stupid,” she continued to kick thinking that her plan was not going to work, then how would she explain the beating to Colin? Terry raised her foot, and was about to thrust down her last blow to Colin, when both of the guards came into the room. The blond guard looked down at the bloody Colin and began thrusting her spear at Terry forcing her to back the wall. The red headed guard bent down over Colin and began to examine him. The blond looked towards the red head, and Terry seized her chance. Derek had not moved from his spot. She looked to the blond trying to tell him to knock her out. He eyed her stupidly, “You’re a moron,”

403
ROBBY RICHARDSON

she muttered. The blond women shot her glance back to Terry her spear nearing her stomach by inches.
Derek seemed to have caught on and tackled the red headed guard. The blond turned to help her fellow sister. Terry grabbed the women’s hair and felt her fist collide with her crooked nose. The blond guard tried to fight jabbing her spear at Terry clumsily. Terry grabbed the spear, and they began to pull on it. Colin finally recovered helping Derek and soon they both subdued the guards. “Well knock him out,” Terry choked out breathing heavily. “I can’t hit a woman,” Terry rolled her eyes, “You wanted to have sex with me a couple minutes ago,” “And still do.” Terry pushed Derek “Get away from me,” she clenched her fist back and punched the blond square between the eyes. She felt bad hitting what looked like a six month pregnant woman. However the circumstances were different than normal society, apparently rules and laws did not apply here. Terry needed to become as ruthless as these people in the jungle were.

Colin seemed to waddle over to the door and peered out, “There is nobody here. We can make a run for it.” Terry was clenching her fist, “What’s wrong?” Terry shot a furious look at Derek, “Don’t touch me, don’t even talk to me.” “I’m going, you guys coming,” Terry shot Derek a look telling him to punch the girl, “Oh no you want to be all noble, your not the definition of Chivalry.” Derek turned back to the red headed guard and hit her with such a force that her whole body was sent crashing against the wall. “Jesus Christ,” shrieked Terry shocked at the tremendous blow that he had given the women. “You said to hit her,” ‘not kill her,” she shrieked back at him. Colin was now out the door and soon Terry with Derek following. They walked around the hut and began to escape up the hill. There was a series of huts that lined the top of the valley. “Let’s get behind those buildings,” Colin muttered breathlessly.

404
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Terry never knew how they made it up the hill without being seen. The town was literally filled with women and nobody seemed to be paying the slightest attention to these houses, or three people running towards the jungle. They reached the huts, when Terry heard a strange sound. It was a kind of whimpering. A baby was crying from the first hut, Terry walked closer to the door, which had a kind of wooden gate covering the door. She peered through the door and saw children. Not just children, but boys some looked to be no more than three or four years old. All of the boys looked skinny and malnourished. The hut stunk of rotting food and well a very unclean port-a-potty. The boys had a sorrow in their face and were all held like prisoners.

In next hut loud grunting could be heard. Derek seemed to be interested in the idea, but Colin on the other hand whispered, “Who is crying?” Sure enough Terry had to listen hard, and she heard a little boy crying probably about six or seven years old. A woman could be heard moaning in pleasure. Terry was tempted to move the grass curtain to the side. She wanted to see what was going on. Was somebody hurt, maybe it wasn’t a moan of pleasure? Maybe it was a moan of pain? Terry turned away she wanted to avoid temptation as much as possible. However her noble intentions were soon squashed when a waving hand broke her thoughts. Colin was waving to her. He was peering into the curtain to wear the crying was coming from. Terry crouched and tip toed over to Colin, who pointed inside telling her to take a look. Whatever she expected to see it was not what she was prepared for. A woman probably in her forties was on top of boy around six or seven. The woman was grunting not in pleasure, but in more of frustration. She was riding the younger boy so hard that she seemed to be hurting the kid. Why didn’t the child move, why did he just lay there? She closed the curtain door in utter disgust.

405
ROBBY RICHARDSON

Terry felt her stomach doing a sort of wriggling in her stomach. She could not believe what she had just seen. Terry’s mind did not seem like she could process what had just occurred, however Derek saw it in a different light. As they crouched into the jungle, Derek whispered “Lucky kid.” Terry climbed through the thick jungle whispering back, “Please could you be anymore of a pig?” Terry turned away from Derek feeling a sickness settle in her stomach.

They now broke into a run, sprinting through the jungle. They kept running as Derek tried to stop and catch his breath. Terry left him and continued to run through the jungle. Her feet hurt, her lungs were about to explode, and she was clearly ahead of everybody else. She stopped and waited for them to catch up, Derek clamored through the jungle panting like the dog he was. “Slow down just for a minute,” Colin came crashing through the woods, his arms flaying through the air as if they had gone numb. “You guys have to keep up, we have to get away.” “And go where exactly,” Derek’s question seemed to hit Terry harder than she had thought. Where were they supposed to go? They were on an island, and it would not take long for the tribe to realize that they were gone. “It doesn’t matter let’s just get away first, but you guys need to keep up”. Colin now reminded Terry of a pig being cooked in a steamer. His face was all pink, and he was sweating worse than ever. “I’m sorry somebody kicked the crap out of me,” Terry clenched her teeth as she shot back, “I am sorry, but we got away! Now I am not stopping again, if I loose you, well I might even be better off.” She eyed Derek who was still gasping for air as he looked at the ground with fondness. “Wow that is the first thing that you have ever looked at instead of my ass.” Derek looked up holding his knees to keep himself from falling on the ground, “Don’t be to sure what I would do”. Terry flipped up her hand, and looked at Colin trying to shield Derek’s face from her. “Now let’s keep moving!”


406







Chapter 5

Slaves to the Island


They must have run through the jungle for hours because night was fast approaching. Everybody was out of breath including Derek. They both looked exhausted and looked at the point where they were about to give up. “I don’t think they are even chasing us,” Colin spoke so breathless, he seemed to be pleading with Terry to stop running. “We should find shelter,” “Shelter,” Derek coughed out. His breathing had turned into a wheezing sound. Terry could not act like she was tough, her lungs felt drained and all she wanted to do was sleep. Derek’s comment had hit her hard. It seemed to echo through her mind the entire time that they were running. “We should have hit the beach now,” Derek leaned himself onto a tree, “We are lost, and I think we are going in circles.” Terry began to search wildly into the jungle. Terry thought that if she just headed straight they would make the beach. “We need to keep walking . . .

find something we can make a shelter,” Colin looked like he was about to die, “Please I can’t go on.” Terry wished that she could have laughed, “We will walk. We just need to keep moving.”
It took awhile for her to get them both to keep walking. The sun was setting in the sky and darkness seemed to be creeping into the

407
ROBBY RICHARDSON

forest. “Wait,” Terry stopped in her spot, “You hear that?” Colin’s face went into a smile, “Oh my god”! He bounded blindly through the jungle, letting branches and vines snap the air, only missing Terry’s face by inches. Colin seemed to fall onto the sand of the beach and began to swim in it. “I have never been so happy to see the shore.” Derek could not help but smile as well, Terry was however distracted. “What is it Ter . . .” Derek stopped talking midsentence as they all were now gazing at a giant ship. The ship was straight out of a history book. It was rotted and looked to have sat on this beach for centuries. It had giant holes in it, and looked as though the slightest breeze would transform it to a pile of dust. “We should stay here for tonight,” Derek nodded his head in agreement to Colin, but Terry protested. “No, they probably know about this place. We stand a better chance if we stay in the jungle tonight.” “The jungle . . .” Derek looked at her as if horns had sprouted out of her head. Colin shook his head, “You can stay out there, but I am staying in the ship.” Colin walked towards the ship, and Derek followed suit. Terry following at their heels, “I don’t think you guys understand the gravity of the situation.” Colin turned back to her, “Rescue is coming we stand a better chance of seeing them if we stay on the beach.” Terry tried to protest more but her words were useless.

Colin and Derek entered a giant hole in the side of the ship. Terry was about to walk into the ship as well, but Colin and Derek came almost running out of it. “Well,” Terry said her hands were on her hips. Colin seemed to read the expression on Terry’s face. “We can’t stay in there tonight”. Terry groaned and began walking back towards the jungle, “Where are you going?” Derek’s comment seemed to twitch a nerve in Terry’s face, “You guys are all excited about the stupid boat, and you didn’t even spend thirty seconds in it.” “Those roaches are all over the place, we couldn’t sleep in there.”

408
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Terry turned from Derek almost ignoring his comment. What was the deal with all these roaches, nothing on the island seemed to make any sense. And where was the stupid rescue boat? “Are you proposing that we sleep in the jungle?” In truth Terry did not know what she was doing. “Yes,” she blurted out as she entered the darkening jungle again. “It’s stupid to go out into the middle of the jungle at night,” Derek did have a point. “I am staying out there, you can do whatever you want Derek.” Terry walked into the jungle, and a couple seconds later she heard two sets of footsteps entering the jungle. A mysterious clicking seemed to be wafting through the air like a fog rolling through the jungle. Terry marched deeper into the jungle and the clicking become more noticeable.

“Let’s not go in so deep. We really should stay near the beach.” Terry stopped dead in her tracks as Colin comment fell on deaf ears. The sun was now gone, and Terry knew the dangers if they would venture any deeper into the jungle. Terry fell down and leaned her body onto a large tree. Her head fell against it. She knew that Colin and Derek were staring at her. “So,” said Derek sounding a little uncomfortable. The clicking seemed to get louder with ever inch of darkness that crept into the jungle. Terry kept her head on the tree waiting for Derek to finish his sentence. “Are we going to stay here for the night”? “I don’t care what you guys do, but I am not going anywhere tonight.” Derek seemed confused by her action, “Don’t you think we should keep moving, I mean those women could find us.” Terry raised her head in anger, “One of you has to stay awake, and you know . . . keep watch. Jesus you guys act like you have never seen a war movie before.” Colin and Derek slumped onto the ground a couple minutes later. Colin was about to speak up, but Terry’s head leaned back onto the tree, “Oh will you just shut up Colin!” Terry could hear Colin and Derek whispering softly, but Terry was unable

409
ROBBY RICHARDSON

hear them. She could feel her body almost shutting down as if it had been pleading for sleep for days. Terry could hear soft rustling in the jungle, and the clicking began to grow louder.
“Terry wake up,” Derek was shaking her, “What,” yelled Terry in such a sleepy tone. “They are coming,” Terry’s eyes open wide. She saw Derek’s hand on her shoulder grazing her left breast. “Don’t touch me,” Terry shot a fearsome look as she pushed Derek away. “We need to get out of here now,” Derek seemed unconcerned by her reaction. Terry saw that the sun was now rising. Terry saw lit torches coming from the beach, “We need to get out of here now!” Colin was already trampling through the jungle like a large elephant escaping a predator. They did not run very far until Colin started screaming. He stopped dead in his track. He began to rip off his clothes as Derek grabbed at Colin, “Come on Colin we have got to get out of here!” Terry put her finger to her lips, “Colin you need to shut up.”

Colin continued to scream as his clothes began to fall off at an alarming rate. “Please, get them off of me,” Derek looked as confused as Terry did. “There is nothing on you,” Colin began to scratch his skin digging into it, tearing out hunks of flesh as the blood began to splatter all over the leaves and trees. “What do we do,” Terry asked, but Derek however seemed to have a different plan of attack for the situation. “Run,” yelled Derek now bolting towards what Terry assumed was the heart of the jungle. Derek was almost through a particular large set of leaves when Terry shouted, “Oh my god Derek look!” Derek stopped, “Terry, they are almost here . . . we need to,” but his face widened in horror. Colin had bumps moving under his skin, almost like something was crawling under his skin. They began to move up his arms and back to his head.

A crashing sound from behind Terry was the only thing that could have taken her eyes off of the sight before her. A group of women

410
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

stood there outfits made out of green leaves as some of the pregnant women began thrusting spears at them. They began shouting and grunting loudly, but they suddenly stopped at a screaming Colin. They all stepped back as blood now began to pour out of his mouth. Terry even had to take a step back. Colin gave one final shriek as two cockroaches came out of his mouth. Colin fell to his knees as a cockroach came spilling out of his left eye. Terry gagged several times before she spewed over the jungle floor. The thought of a cockroach eating its way out of the back of his eye was the most horrible thing that she had ever seen, well besides the roaches feeding off of the dead babies.

Terry and Derek were marched back towards the beach taking the exact route back to the camp. The ocean was empty not a ship in sight, and the sky looked as if it had not seen a plane since the island’s existence. The sun was rising high in the sky, and Terry felt the helplessness of the situation sink into her stomach. This seemed to weigh her down, making her sink deeper into the sand. Terry did not know if she could ever get Colin’s screams out of her head. Derek did not seem worried about the situation, “Don’t worry everything will be alright.” “YOU ARE A FREAK!” The guards pushed Terry grunting at her obviously trying to tell her to keep quiet. They continued to walk, “I wish the roaches would have killed you instead.” Derek ignored her comment as he continued to walk. Terry could feel her eyes beginning to fill with tears as the only thing that she could taste was vomit. She was so thirsty, and her stomach now rumbled from lack of food. “Water,” she said looking towards the most pregnant girl out of the guards. The girl grunted again, and continued to walk clearly not understanding what she was saying.

The sun was high in the sky when they arrived back at the camp. The women brought them both straight to the hut in the middle of

411
ROBBY RICHARDSON

the village. All the women stared as some pointed and grunted with malice. Their daughters lay in the dirt making mud castles. When they entered the hut, Xuhu was laying down on a hammock that seemed to be made from jungle roots. A man was standing aside her feeding her slices of a white fruit, which Terry assumed was pineapple. Xuhu smiled at the guards and quickly slide off of the hammock. The man standing at the side of her held his head down, and looked like he had not seen a bath in over a month. He was a short man and was dressed in a type of wooden diaper.

Xuhu walked past the man, who Terry guessed was one of the oldest men on the island. Terry glanced over at Derek who did not show any fear in his face. Xuhu pushed the man out of the way as she passed. The man fumbled and dropped the fruit onto the dirt floor. The man straightened himself up and terror spread in his eyes. Xuhu’s eyes fell to the fallen fruit and then back up to the man. Terry saw the light hit him, and he quickly kneeled down picking up the fruit. Xuhu picked up her muddy foot and slammed it into the man’s face. He fell to the ground which only seemed to add another thick layer of dirt to his almost muddy, brown skin. She grunted, waving her hands almost in a flaying sort of way. The man continued scooping up the slices of fruit simply nodding his head bowing deeply. Xuhu lifted her head and looked around taking hard glances at Terry then proceeding to Derek. “Where,” Xuhu motioned her hands around herself clearly indicating the whereabouts of Colin. “Dead,” Xuhu’s eyes narrowed into that piercing catlike stare. “Water,” Terry asked trying to make a drinking motion. Xuhu made a clicking sound to the slave and he walked out of the room. She eyed him almost with disgust in her eyes. The man brought over a cup of water, and Terry made a motion for it. The slave stepped back, and Xuhu grunted really loud. Terry looked back towards Xuhu her hands still

412
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

outstretched. Xuhu said with what seemed to be in a very unusually calm voice, “Where.” Terry’s groaned, “Food”, she replied back with such a mocking tone in her voice that Xuhu’s eyes if possible grew even narrower. “I told you food, your god ate him!” Xuhu walked towards her and for a second Terry thought that she was going to strike her. Xuhu pointed her hand towards the cockroach that sat in the middle of her new headdress. This headdress was simply made out of what seemed like smaller flowers which wrapped around her forehead. In the middle of the headdress sat another blood red cockroach. “Yeah, the roaches ate him,” Xuhu shot a wild snort and began grunting furiously at the guards.

The slave brought forward the cup of water, which Terry drank in one large gulp. Xuhu shot her head back so fast that a red flower fell to the dirt floor. “You were in forbidden zone.” “Please,” Terry pleading her mouth still dry motioning for more water. Xuhu began pointing grunted at the guards that lined the wall of her hut. “Please let us go, we just want to get home,” Xuhu waved her hand, and the guards began thrusting their spears at them again pushing them out of the door. Terry was trying to shout but the guards were now grunting so loudly that her voice seemed to be swallowed up by the many guards. Xuhu smiled widely answering Terry’s question with a loud comment that rang in her ears, “You’re home now.”

The guards pulled and dragged them up the hill towards the huts that lined the top of hill. Terry and Derek walked by the hut that had the small boys in it. Flies began to shoot in and out of the hut, and the children seemed to be getting worse by the minute. The small boy that Terry had seen earlier with the older women was now lying down on the ground. Flies crawled over his muddy face. He looked to be one of the dirtiest kids in the whole hut, which was certainly saying something. The ground was covered in feces, and

413
ROBBY RICHARDSON

smelled as if they slept in their own filth. The guards brought Terry over into a particular shabby hut with half of the roof was missing. The guards marched them both into the hut, which had a table with ropes fashioned to the side of it. The guards now began to rip off Terry’s office suit, “What the hell are doing you!” She pushed the guard away and one of the guards took the spear and jabbed it at Terry. Terry felt it slice her skin as it just missed her stomach. The cut was shallow and seemed to trace her ribs, Terry let out a little whimper as she felt more hands ripping at her suit.

Terry began to flay wildly as she felt one of her fists collide with one of the guard’s faces. If Terry thought that things could have gotten worse, she was very mistaken. The guards began to beat her throwing their spears to the side and began to repeatedly punching her. Terry tried to fight back, but felt a spear jab into her leg. She fell throwing up her hand, which one of the guards grabbed. They dragged her over to the table. Derek on the other hand just stood there. They pushed her down on the table as she tried desperately to fight back. The pain in her leg began to throb as she felt the blood beginning to run down her leg. “Please, don’t do this”! Terry felt more hands grabbing her forcing the rope around her wrist and legs. Terry felt her naked body being spread wide like a starfish. The last strap went around her stomach tying her completely down onto the table. The other guards moved over to Derek and began jabbing there spears at Derek. “What you want me to do,” the guards began to rip off his clothes. Derek did not put up a fight.

Derek let the guards rip off every article of clothing without any sign of protest. One of the guards which had long greasy brown hair pushed him towards Terry. Derek was now standing in between Terry’s tied down legs. “What do you want me to do”? The guards now seemed to be getting frustrated with Derek as they pushed him

414
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

closer to Terry. “Well,” Derek said smiling, “I know that you are not a rotting corpse, but the situation is different.” “Don’t you dare touch me,” Derek gave the creepiest smile that he had ever given her, “Well, I don’t really think I have a choice now do I”? Terry fought against the ropes which seemed to cut into her wrists. Terry let out a horrible scream, “Relax Terry you might like it. Let’s make the most of the situation.” Terry fought and screamed as Derek’s face smiled widely as he rocked back and forth. “Being a slave does have it privileges,” Derek moaned loudly. Terry felt her lungs explode in screams, and knew that they would be swallowed up by the jungle eliminating all hope for Terry. Xuhu’s words echoed in her head, and now would become engraved in her mind “You’re home now.”

The End?






























415

















Animosity of the Dummy




(Sequel to Robby Richardson’s What You Deserve) By:
The Serial Killarz

(Robby Richardson & Billy Khydd)

CARNIVAL DE MUERTE















“Which nobody can deny,” a chorus of booming people filled the small break room with their monotone tone.

“Well don’t look so happy about it you all”! Sheryl’s high pitched bark of a voice seemed to sting each one of them. Sheryl was the manager of Office Depot, and she knew how unappreciated she was. However her job was all that she had, but now she would have to give it up. Her old knees could not seem to make the journey that she had grown accustomed too. She had put on some weight she knew that, but her ankles would sometimes swell to the size of softballs. Brady, a taller kid, who always appeared to be on drugs smiled serenely at her. “Kids these days,” she thought as he handed her a large package wrapped in silver paper. Sheryl clapped her hands together which sent her chained golden glasses sliding down her crooked nose. Sliding her glasses back up she ran a hand through her mousy gray hair, “Now that is what I am talking about,” she pushed Brady’s hand playfully, “You guys know how much I love presents”.

Ignoring their polite chuckles, she began to tear off the silver paper, which revealed a large wooden box. The box had strange lettering upon it, which was in a faded language. Sheryl raised her hand and began to slide it along the smooth wood. “What’s this lettering, it looks like it was written for a . . . snake or something”? She looked up at all of them making sure to study ever face. They

419
ROBBY RICHARDSON

could all not hate her that much could they? “No it is just some ancient writing,” Brady waving his hand “That is not why we got it”. Brady gave an encouraging look of his eyes telling her to open it.

Sheryl felt her eyes narrow and look suspiciously at him but answering her call from her curiosity. Sheryl began to look around the box, “No Sheryl it slides”. Brady saw the track and slid the front of the box up to reveal a horrifying ventriloquist dummy. Its black hair seemed to be slicked back to reveal a smooth forehead. His white wooden skin seemed cold as dark black circles were traced around its eyes. The dummies chubby cheeks twisted into a wide smile as his mouth drooped open with the shaking of the box. The dummy had a black suit, which seemed to mimic the color of the darkest coal. Its eyes were gray and as Sheryl gazed into them, the doll seemed to portray a dark look about it. The doll gave off a pitiless look. A doll with no soul, nor with the twisted smile did it look like it would ever know what a soul was. “Oh my goodness,” Brady smiled “Oh look she likes it”! Sheryl looked up at Brady his face smiling wider as they all began to give polite uninterested applause.

“What is it,” Brady just continued to smile his uneven beard giving him an unwashed kind of look. “I heard from Annabel,” Annabel gave a small little wave, “that you had a pretty extensive doll collection”. Sheryl eyes fell down to the dummy again whose smile reminded her of something that belonged in a haunted house. In truth it was the most revolting thing that she had ever seen, “Oh you guys are wonderful thank you so much”. She stood up from her seat, “Well that’s it everybody has got to get back to work”. A loud groan echoed around the room, even Brady’s smile had disappeared “We got you a cake and everything”. Sheryl grabbed the wooden box, “We will have it later. We have customers and this all counts as


420
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

your break.” They all trooped out of the room grumbling with every step a soft whisper filled the air, “What a bitch”.
Brady walked out with his fellow coworkers when Annabel bumped into him. “Hey great doll Brady,” he smiled at her as he watched her blond hair bounce with every step she took. “I have been meaning to ask you, where did you get it?” Brady put his arm around Annabel. They both stopped in their track letting the rest of their team members walk past them. “It was my Uncle’s doll, it meant the world to him, but I certainly wasn’t going to keep it . . . I think Sheryl will give it a new home”. They both began to laugh as Annabel muttered, “She is such a bitch”.

An hour later Sheryl was walking out to her silver Dodge Cavalier, the wooden box held close to her chest. She placed the box onto the passenger seat. She began to stare at the box in and in a moment of curiosity she slid the front of the box off again. There stood the white faced smiling look of a dummy that seemed to look more of a demon than a dummy. “You’re an ugly little bastard aren’t you,” the doll just smiled back at her. “I knew that they all didn’t like me, and I guess your proof of that”. Sheryl placed her hand at her chin as she continued to stare at it, “I guess it is not such a total loss. I’ll get a nice fire out of you though”. She stared into the soulless eyes of the dummy, “I can’t look at you anymore”. She slid the front of the box over the dummy sealing him in the box. Pulling away from the store she took her final look at the store that she had dedicated her life too saying, “Thank god I will never see those people ever again”.

After arriving home and for the first time she didn’t have to worry about work for the week. Her lonely one bedroom apartment was not the same since her husband had left her. She passed by the framed picture of her husband which she had lain down on the dresser. She picked it up and gazed at it fondly. She knew he wouldn’t come

421
ROBBY RICHARDSON

back to her despite her constant instances on her change in manner. She could practically hear his rough voice shouting back the day that he had left, “You are just such a bitch”! She remembered him closing the door muttering about her growing old and bitter. “The old goat,” she snarled and placed the picture back on the dresser. She knew that she should throw the picture away. Maybe secretly hoping that one day Richard would come back to her? Maybe there was some part deep down inside of him that missed her. She gazed back to see that she had completely forgotten about the wooden box which sat on the railing that separated her hallway from her living room.

She had forgotten that she had even set it down. She grabbed it and snarled at it in disgust. Was her husband right? Was she nothing more than an old bitch? Sheryl had taken the doll over to the fireplace and placed it next to her. She yawned widely, “Well Mr. Doll, I guess you get to live another day”. She patted the box as if she was petting a dog, “tomorrow”.
She turned from the box deciding that she would make a fire of the dummy tomorrow. Sheryl stretched her arms high as she waddled towards the bedroom. It was hard for her to believe that she would not be there closing the store tomorrow. Her bedroom was small and had the air of never knowing the definition of fashion. The room seemed to have borrowed its fashion from the1980’s. They walls looked to have once been painted in a sunny yellow, but now they have turned to a dark yellow which resembled more bile than anything. Sheryl took her pajamas which were laid across a lime colored chair which carried an old plastic covering. In the morning her new life would begin.

Sheryl woke with a startle in her ruffled pink pajamas. The moon was high in the night sky and seemed to pour into every nook

422
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

and cranny of her tiny room. She began to feel her face, she was sweating again. Her gaze seemed to fall on the side of the bed that she would have rolled over to hug her old Richard. His side of the bed lay empty. She never had changed the pillow since the moment he had left. Sheryl’s mouth dropped open when her eyes fell upon her door. Her bedroom door was wide open. She had never slept with the door open before. She removed the thick blanket off of her as her feet touched ground with the cold carpeted floor. She walked to the door, how the hell did her door get open? Sheryl placed her hand on the knob and was about to close the door when something stopped her.

She stopped in her spot listening hard. A chill went up her body, something was wrong. There were soft footsteps running through the apartment. “Hello,” she asked softly peering out from behind the door. Her hallway seemed empty and quiet as the night appeared to be. It sounded as if something was scurrying through her apartment. She opened the door wider and entered the hallway. “Hello,” she asked again her hand reached out and began to flick the light switch. The hallway remained as dark as ever. “Damn it,” she said flicking the light switch several more times before finally conceiving to defeat. She began to scan the area looking for the reason for her night time wanderings. “Who the hell is here, I am letting you know that I have called the police and they are on their way over.”

Nobody responded, not even her breathing seemed to be audible. She walked out to the living room relieved to see nothing out of the ordinary. She walked towards another light switch but was not really surprised that the lights remained dead. She gazed into the moonlight and began to rub her shoulders. “Jesus its cold,” she huffed softly watching as her breath appeared like a large fog within the moonlight. A gust of wind played light off of her face and she felt

423
ROBBY RICHARDSON

her mouth drop open in shock again. Her sliding glass door, which led to her balcony, was left completely open. The chill that filled her living room seemed to now stick to her like thick Vaseline. Her eyes became wild as she began to scan the room. Terror now replaced her sudden curiosity. She began to walk towards a small wooden table which sat across the room. A telephone sat upon it and she grabbed it with shaking hands. She stopped her breath held as she turned footsteps could be heard again.

A loud bang could be heard as a light filled the kitchen. Her refrigerator had been swung wide open. Her hand began to shake violently as a shadow ran from the light. “Oh my god someone is in the house,” she pushed the numbers 911. The phone rang once, the footsteps sounded like they were running. Sheryl slunk her body against the wall as she heard the refrigerator whir silently. Her breathing becoming harder as her heart seemed to want to leap out of her chest.

“Hello this is 911 emergency, what seems to be . . .” Sheryl cut her off whispering, “Please there is somebody in my house”. “There is an intruder in your house,” the voice sounded of a woman who seemed tired of her job. “Alright we are going to send a unit, what is your address,” Sheryl stopped as she let out a blood curdling scream. “No, this doesn’t make sense,” Sheryl shook her head violently. “No stay away from me you little,” she let out a disbelieving blood curdling scream.

Five minutes later Officer Preckwinkle, a skinny rookie new to the force was kicking open the door and entering Sheryl’s apartment. His gun rose as he yelled “Police drop your weapons”! His flashlight carried into the darkness, and he moved into the hallway. A body lay across the living room floor. His pistol shook in his hand as he moved slowly towards her. “This is the police,” Officer Preckwinkle peered

424
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

around the corner. Somebody was sitting across the victim’s neck and a horrifying sound made Officer Preckwinkle want to vomit. “Alright raise your hands,” he began to shake as a white face doll smiled back at him. “What the hell are you”! The dummy raised its white hands, which were covered in chunks of skin and blood. Officer Preckwinkle couldn’t pull the trigger. He stood disbelief etched in his sweaty face. He could feel his stomach churning as he gazed down at the victim, whose bottom jaw had apparently been ripped off. His mouth felt like it was filled with cotton balls. He watched as the dummy turned back towards the victim. The dummy’s hands dug deep into the eye socket of the victim making the sound of boot trapped in mud. The dummy brought out globs of the contents and began shoveling them down its wooden mouth. Officer Preckwinkle seemed paralyzed by his own fear. He had dropped his gun and slunk away vomiting as he did. His eyes never left the dummy, who continued to dig deep into the victim’s eyes. He was not really sure what to tell his fellow officers who he could here thundering up the flight of stairs towards her apartment.

The End?



















425

















Stockholm Swamp




(Part 2)

Written by:

The Mental Asylum














Part 2

Pinewood Forest Hospital




By Patients:

The Serial Killarz

(Robby Richardson & Billy Khydd)








Chapter 1

Never Smoke and Drive


“Dude this pot is really good, where did you get it?” The wind was blowing through the car, and Kendra was throwing out last roach that the car had. Jacob’s words must have

fallen on deaf ears as he repeated his question, “Dude this pot is really good! Where did you get it?” What,” yelled Will, the wind blowing in his ears making sound almost impossible to hear. The windows were suddenly being rolled down, and Will saw the cause. His girlfriend had rolled down the window. “Twilight what are you doing,” his girlfriend frowned at him. “I told you to stop calling me that”! Will smiled, “Ok . . . ok . . . Britney.” Britney gave a thankful smile, and looked back at Kendra her blond hair was long with red and blue streaks. She was a wild girl. She had many necklaces on some chokers one with a pendant of a skull. She had many bracelets and a couple rings on her pale fingers. “Hand me the blunt,” Kendra held up her hands to show her that it was out.

“Come on Kendra, you always hog the blunt,” Kendra smiled widely at Britney laughing slightly. Jacob was laughing too. He had bright red hair almost the color of a fire truck. He had huge studs in his ears, which made giant holes in his ear lobe. His shirt was skin

431
ROBBY RICHARDSON

tight and his hair was black like coal, which matched Britney’s. Jacob gave the back of the seat a kick with his knees, “Hey dude, where did you get this pot from?” The sun was setting in the sky, “I got it from a friend of mine. Jacob began to laugh trying to collect himself. “He supposedly gets it from a guy, who gets it from this crazy old guy who lives in the woods . . . supposedly he supplies the whole state of South Carolina.” Jacob began to laugh harder, “Some crazy old guy?” Kendra turned away from the window returning to the conversation, “Some crazy old guy? Who? Will’s brother?” Will began to laugh “Trey . . . Yeah he’s a little crazy. That’s why this spring break has got to be insane”! Kendra moved between the seats, “Oh . . . my . . . god, you keep saying that!” Will laughed a little harder, “Well tell me you wouldn’t want to out due a guy that goes down for spring break . . .

parties so hard that he ends up marrying a chick. We never heard from him again just the letter about him getting married. He even sent wedding photos”!
“You see what happens when you two hog the whole blunt,” yelled a disappointed Britney. “Sitting around yapping about Will’s long lost brother. Do we have anymore pot,” she asked. Will shook his head as Britney continued, “How the hell are you going to take me on spring break with only an eighth of pot.” Will rolled his eyes, “I am sorry, it was so good I thought it would last us.” He pointed at Jacob and Kendra, who were now looking at each other with pure hunger for each other in their faces.

“Look, it’s getting dark and I have to sober up. I am not worried about pot right now.” Britney growled, “I barely got to smoke,” Will shot back, “Calm down, we will find somebody there. My brother told me that you could get anything you want down there.” “Whatever happened to your brother,” asked Will. Will looked a lot like his brother. He had a baby face with blue eyes. His hair was

432
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

spiked with blond streaks, and was the complete opposite of Jacob. Jacob dressed punk, and Will dressed more on the preppy side. “We don’t know. He went down to do spring break, but he said he found a girl, and they are now living together.” “Is he coming home soon?” Will shook his head. Britney decided to drop the conversation. She decided to check on Jacob and Kendra. She was lucky that she had checked, Kendra and Jacob were making out and looked about to rip each others clothes off. “Stop that you two,” Britney started slapping them trying to separate them. “You two are just like children,” “Why,” said Kendra asking like a child would. “You two always need to be watched,” they both laughed looking at each other fondly.

“You’re just jealous, that is why your being a blocker,” Britney gasped, “I am not blocking I just don’t want you two doing it in the back seat.” “So is the leash tight around your neck?” “Shut up Jacob,” Britney reached over and tried to slap Jacob, but Kendra came to her boyfriend’s defense. She grabbed the hands of Britney as they began laughing together beginning to rough house.
“Stop it Britney,” yelled Will, but they continued to fight, “Let go of me Kendra”! Kendra was still holding onto her hands, “Not until you admit you are a blocker”! Will reached over to try and separate them, “Stop it, your going to make us crash”! Could you call it destiny, could you call it fate? Will slammed on the brakes making the tires screech loudly and smoke began to appear behind them. Everything seemed to grow still as if the earth was set on pause. The deer that was crossing the street, flipped up onto the hood and slammed into the window. Everybody was screaming including Will as the car swerved to the left and then the right. Soon the car came to a halt, and Will smashed his head into the steering wheel. He heard the glass shatter, and his head recoiled back after hitting the steering wheel.

433
ROBBY RICHARDSON

“Will . . . Will, wake up,” Will felt somebody slapping his face. His eyes opened a little. His vision was blurry and he saw Britney slapping his face. She had a huge cut on her forehead, “I can’t really see”. His vision was so blurry that everything looked like globs of clay. They were stuck on a rural road that was in the middle of a giant forest. Will exited the car, and he heard Britney do the same. Will began to rub his head as it throbbed in pain, “Oh no!” The car was wrecked, “Grab her feet, Britney.” Britney grabbed the feet of Kendra and helped Jacob pull her out of the car.

Jacob laid Kendra on the ground, “She’s still alive! We need an ambulance.” Will rubbed his face and could feel glass pouring out from his hair. “I don’t even know where we are. What road are we on,” Britney asked. Jacob had taken residence next to Kendra holding her hand, whispering softly to her, “Please Kendra wake up.” Kendra did not stir, and it seemed that the crash had affected her the most. “All I know Britney is we were heading to the highway.” “We are lost,” she yelled at the top of her lungs. “Look I have been high all day trying to get us to Panama City, and I can’t remember where we are!” Britney walked to the middle of the street and began to gaze down it. “Call 911 Will while I figure out where we are.” Will dug out his phone, “Wait we got to get rid of the all the liquor and pot.” Britney turned and shouted at Will, “There is no more pot! We could have died from being high.” “It wasn’t the pot that caused us to crash, it was this stupid deer.” Britney frowned as her face was all bruised up, “What will I tell the police, they are going to search the vehicle.”

Will and Britney argued well into the night. Jacob sat next to Kendra, whose condition had improved a little. Will’s vision had cleared up in the time of arguing, but finally Will had enough. “Look I have to clean up the car,” he turned and began to pull out bags of luggage and throw the bottles of liquor into the forest. “Wait, Will

434
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

there is a car coming down the street” yelled Britney. Will threw a giant bottle of vodka into the forest, when he turned his head he saw lights creeping through the forest. Britney was waving her hands in the air trying to wave down the driver. The car still moved slowly down the street, “Please stop,” yelled Britney trying to get the attention of the driver. Will thought that the screaming was pointless. After all, the car could not be moving more than ten miles on hour. “It’s a sheriff,” screamed Britney, Will saw the red and blue light blare up, and the car pulled up to Britney. A woman’s voice could be heard. “Good evening miss, is there a problem?” Britney pointed towards the crashed vehicle, “What do you think?” The sheriff stepped out of her car, and Will noticed that she was very attractive. She had black hair and had a toned figure. She was definitely out of place. “Is there anybody hurt,” she walked around and saw Jacob on the ground holding Kendra’s hand. He had not moved from the spot. “Get her in the car, I’m going to take all of you to the hospital.”

She grabbed the feet of Kendra with Jacob and put her in the back seat of her car. “I am going to take you all to the hospital all right.” Britney seemed convinced by the sheriff and got into the car as did Jacob. “Listen officer,” he paused and eyed the name plate that was over her right breast, “Star . . .” he paused again saying the name over in his head. What an odd name to have, but putting his curiosity to rest he asked his question, “What about our stuff . . . the car?” Star got into the driver’s seat, “I’ll send a tow truck for it. We need to get you to the emergency room.” Jacob looked back at the car. This was too weird, this sheriff came out of nowhere as if heaven sent. However what else was Will going to do? They had all gotten in the car, and he had to follow them. He got into the car and Star pulled back on the road. Luckily it was faster than what she had been driving before.

435
ROBBY RICHARDSON

“So, I saw that you guys hit a deer, now is that why you guys crashed?” The sheriff did not look at them when she spoke. She continued to drive down the dirt road taking the exact route she had come from. “So, where were you guys heading,” asked the sheriff trying to break the silence in the car. Britney however threw icy water on the conversation, “Look we don’t really feel like talking.” Will thought he saw a glower come from the sheriff, but when he tried to get a better glimpse, it was gone. They continued to drive in silence. A faint smell began to permeate the air. It was on the tip of Will’s nose, and he thought that he saw Britney put a hand on the window. She rolled it down slowly. Jacob even turned his head from Kendra and looked at Will. The car was beginning to smell like marijuana. Will could hear Britney shifting in her seat, “You know we don’t get a lot of people out here.” “Really,” replied Britney sounding sarcastic. Once again Will thought he saw a glower from the sheriff.

The sheriff took a right and traveled down that road for a couple of minutes. She then took a left, and they traveled down that road for a longer amount of time. The smell of marijuana getting thicker and Will began to shake his leg. It was only a matter of time before the sheriff would smell it or she already smelled it. “So, how far is the hospital,” asked Britney a little louder than normal. Will noticed she was trying to lower the window a little more. “Its a couple more miles up the road,” Star smiled at them. Will saw Britney’s face fall, “You don’t need to keep lowering the window, I know one of you was smoking marijuana.” Will’s leg began to vibrate faster, “No, we don’t smoke marijuana.” Britney shook her head too trying to look convincing. “You don’t need to worry. My husband and I are the only law enforcement in this town. We smoke marijuana all the time.”


436
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Will wished that he could chuckle, but the sight of Jacob holding Kendra in his arms was about as unfunny as you could get.
They pulled into the parking lot of a small hospital, or what they hoped was a hospital. The Neon sign that hug above the main entrance read Pinewood Forest Hospital. Most of the letters were out with just the two p’s and the word rest. It was run down and did not look to be sanitary at all. Britney actually snorted in disgust as Jacob was already trying to get across Kendra to get her out of the car. “This can’t be right,” said Britney turning to the sheriff with disgust on her face. “What is wrong with it,” asked Star looking at the hospital as if she could not see the problem. Will was even surprised that he did not see rats crawling over the building or even in the road. “This is not sanitary. You can’t treat somebody in an unclean hospital”! Will coughed really loud trying to tell Britney to keep her mouth closed. The sheriff opened the door, “Well this is the only hospital for over sixty miles.” “What,” screamed Britney in such disbelief. “Look, hun the town is dying, and there is hardly anybody left in it to keep it a town.” Jacob was carrying Kendra up the steps towards the main entrance, “So, I am sorry you will have to be treated by the staff of Pinewood Forest Hospital.”



















437







Chapter 2

Pinewood Forest Hospital


Jacob was carrying Kendra like she was his wife coming across the threshold. Britney was the last to leave the car. There was a pain in her chest and it started to become hard to breathe. “Sheriff . . .

Star, can I ask you something,” Britney asked as if she was testing the waters. After Star had discovered the smell of marijuana in the car things between them had become very uncomfortable. Though she was gorgeous looking, she was still an officer of the law. Will had to keep reminding himself of it and luckily Britney hadn’t noticed the several glances that he had taken of her.
“What is it sweetie,” asked Star as if she was addressing a little child. She walked across the car and began to walk with Britney up the front steps, “Why did we not take an ambulance?” “Ambulance,” shrieked the sheriff almost laughing at the very idea that a hospital should have an ambulance. “Oh dear our ambulance isn’t running . . .

as a matter of fact it hasn’t been running for as long as I can remember”. Britney shook her head in disbelief, “But what if there is an emergency . . . a serious one?” Star continued to laugh this time putting her hand on her chest to try to calm herself down. “Oh hun, I told you that this town is almost dead. Why my husband and I are

438
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

the only police force in this town.” They walked through a revolving door, “What’s your husband’s name?”
The hospital did not look any better on the inside as it did on the outside. Rust ran down the metal gurneys and brown water stains blotted the walls. The walls were peeling as well, and the dry wall littered the dirt covered floor. “His name is Trey,” Britney took Will’s hand. “He has a brother named Trey as well.” Star gave a friendly smile and they walked up to a rickety white desk. It was littered with manila folders and a cup of coffee complete with an additional flavoring compliments of the several flies buzzing around it. A woman walked out from a pair of double doors. She was overweight and resembled a drop out from nursing school. Her white scrubs were stained a dark gray with stains littering the front of it. Britney almost recoiled at the very sight of her. “Hey Annabel,” Annabel smiled, “What seems to be the problem here”? “Is this place really sanitary?” Annabel’s shot an angry glance at Britney, “If you want to go to another hospital be my guest.” Britney tried to look as intimating as Annabel was “Well where is there another hospital?” Star chuckled, “I told you this is the only hospital in or even near this town.”

Jacob came running up to Annabel, “Will you shut up and help my girlfriend! Your all just so calm and acting normal . . . help Kendra!” Annabel gave a giant sigh as if she had a long day. Annabel walked to her desk and pushed some manila files over to reveal a black telephone. She pushed a button, “Hey Pedro, will you get down here please, we have a patient.” She hung up the phone, which sent up a cloud of dust into the air. “Pedro will be right down to help her.”

A man walked into a room with a grey jumpsuit on. He looked very young to be working in a place like this. Buzzed black hair with

439
ROBBY RICHARDSON

a matching mustache, he pushed through the double doors a Gurnee bed. He did not have to go far as Jacob was already hurriedly placing her on the bed. Pedro smiled and Star took out a flashlight. She began to open her eyes, shining the light into her face. She leaned over checking each one of her eyes. Will walked over to the bed and saw that the sheriff ’s shirt was falling down. He turned away. He could not look. He could not betray Britney like that. When Star leaned back up, Pedro began to wheel her into the double doors. “I’m coming with her,” yelled Jacob, but Annabel held out her enormous hands. Her fingers were the size of the polish sausages. “You can’t go with . . . doctor’s orders.” Jacob shoved her hand away, “Don’t touch me, I am going with her”! Annabel looked up at Pedro, who shrugged his shoulders, “Alright”. Pedro nodded his head in agreement and all three of them exited through the double doors. “You two can seat down until the doctor calls you up.” Annabel took out a clipboard handing them to Britney and Will, “You will need to fill these out while you wait.” Britney took them, and Will took a quick glance at Star who gave an affectionate smile. Will smiled back to her and sat next to Britney on a padded lime green couch.

Sheriff Star sat in a ripped padded seat directly across from him. “You know you could head out Sheriff Star,” Will peered over his clipboard as Star leaned back in her chair. The top of her shirt was now becoming unbuttoned exposing more and more. “No, there is nothing going on tonight. In fact I was just over at my Uncle’s house.” Annabel giggled, “Did they crash near his house.” Star giggled, “Sure did . . . besides Trey is out running around. I better make sure these guys are processed right.” Annabel was now going through some of the files that sat on her desk as Star had now gotten up from her seat. She began to walk up to the desk shaking her hips as she seemed to glide. Will peered over his clipboard again and watched her sway a

440
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

little as she walked. Annabel whispered to Star, “Go ahead, they will be fine here.”
When Will began to write again, he heard a swishing of papers. To his surprise he saw a bent over Star picking up the papers that had fallen on the floor. Will was looking down her chest. He couldn’t help it, her chest was just so, well there was no other word to use, breath taking. He knew that he was staring to long. He knew that Britney would catch him. About to put his head back down to the clipboard he caught Star’s eye. Will and Star locked eyes for a moment and for a faint second Will thought he saw her pucker her lips at him. Star stood up and handed the papers up to Annabel and walked out of the revolving door. Will turned and saw Britney frowning. The cut on her forehead looked deep and the bruises on her face were now starting to swell up. She eyed him suspiciously as he lowered his head to the clipboard a little ashamed of himself.

Britney slammed her pen down and took the clipboard out from Will’s hand. “Hey, I wasn’t finished,” “You’re done enough,” she shot back at him. Annabel took the clipboards, “The doctor will be with you when he is finished treating your friends.” Britney returned to her seat as he was now watching the sheriff outside in her car. “Will you stop staring at her?” When Will did not respond to her she began to shake his shoulder. “What . . . what are you doing Britney?” Britney was now turning red in the face, “Can you stop drooling all over that sheriff ”? “I think that she is smoking pot,” Britney stood up a little to get a better look, “It looks like she is smoking a joint.” Britney glared down at Will, “She is not smoking.” Britney sat back down on the seat and crossed her arms. “I am hurt and you don’t even care! You never asked me once if I was alright.” Will rolled his eyes, “I knew you were alright you were walking around and talking.” “You still didn’t ask,” she replied sulking into her chair.

441
ROBBY RICHARDSON

“You never care about me,” Will decided to return his gaze out the window. It was the first time that he started to actually look around. Britney was still talking as Will noticed the hospital was surrounded by a forest. There was one road that connected the hospital with the main road.
Britney ceased her complaining when Annabel picked up the phone “Yes doctor right away.” Annabel hung up the phone and picked up a clipboard “Britney the doctor will see you now.” Will reached for Britney’s hand, but she stood up and walked away, “When I get out you and I are through!” She stormed off through the double doors and did not look back.



































442







Chapter 3

Something Does Not Add Up


Maybe  Britney  was  right?  Will’s  mind  dwelled  on  his inconsiderate actions. He should have asked her if she was alright after the crash. Will put his hands on the arm rest and was

about to stand up when the sheriff returned inside the hospital. Maybe that apology that Will wanted to give Britney could wait? Returning to his chair she came over, “So, you’re the only one left are you?” Star took the same seat that she had previously taken. Her shirt was still unbuttoned and looked to be tighter then it had been before. “Yeah,” replied Will now sounding a little nervous, “Well, you’ll be fine, Dr. Simon is really good”.

Will did not respond. He saw to his great surprise that Star was now rubbing her leg almost as if she was teasing him. “Um . . .
well that is good. I always like somebody who knows what there doing”. Star smiled as her hand began to move softer up and down her tight green pants. “I bet your little girlfriend knows what she is doing? She must to keep a cute guy like you under control.” “No,” replied Will returning her smile “She just broke up with me.” Star made a pouting face, “Oh that’s so sad”. They continued to lock eyes as Will’s attention was once again brought down to her hand that

443
ROBBY RICHARDSON

continued to rub her leg. He looked up and saw Star still smiling at him, “So you guys like to smoke pot huh”? Will began to cough as if he had been drinking soda and it had gone down his throat like a bag of marbles.
Star began to laugh, “Yeah you would not imagine how many times I get that reaction”! “No, we don’t smoke pot,” said Will trying to sound as innocent as possible. “Look . . . Will, is it”? Will nodded, and Star continued on, “I smoke pot too . . . as a matter of fact I have some kill on me right now”. Will looked over to Annabel, who was now sitting at her desk writing something. “You want to smoke a little,” Will turned back to her. This was too weird for him, smoking pot was one thing, but smoking it with a sheriff? “This is unbelievable,” Star got up from her seat and sat down next to him. “What is so unbelievable,” Will scoffed at her like it was so difficult to see. “You’re asking me to smoke marijuana with you.” Star nodded, “And have a little fun,” her hand rested on his knee. “What about Britney? My chest really hurts I should see Dr. Simon.” Star’s hand moved down to his inner thigh, “Come on I thought you were a big strong guy like my husband. You look a lot like him . . . the eyes, the nose. You could almost be brothers”.

Will gave an uncomfortable smile, “And your married,” Star wagged her finger in front of him, “No dear, I am a milf ”. Will rolled his head, “I don’t know”. Will looked over to Annabel whose attention was focused on her work. “Well if you want to have some fun, I’ll be in the bathroom”. She pointed at another set of double doors and got up from the seat. She swayed her hips as she walked through them. Will’s leg began to shake and something came to his head. Will heard a small voice say in his head, “If it is too good to be true it probably is.” Something was very wrong with this situation, with this place.

444
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

Will shrugged his shoulder and walked up to Annabel. “I need to use the bathroom,” Annabel pointed towards the set of double doors that Star had walked through. Walking into the only bathroom, he found Star breaking up marijuana into a piece of paper. “I knew you would come . . . boys . . . you’re all the same.” “Yeah,” said Will not really sure what she meant by the statement. “Clean this out,” Star handed a pipe to Will but there was something weird about the pipe. It was not made of metal, aluminum, plastic, or anything recognizable. “This pipe looks almost like a chicken or turkey bone.” Star just smiled as she continued to break up the marijuana leaving Will to clean out the pipe. “So where is your husband exactly?” She smiled as she took the clean pipe out of Will’s hands, “He is out on a patrol, he phoned me when he had found liquor, blunts, and other paraphernalia in your car.” Will’s face went into complete shock, Star just smiled, “Don’t worry I told you, this town is barely even recognized by the state anymore.” Star chuckled at her own joke, “Why is that?” Star began to scoop the bud up into the pipe, “People couldn’t raise a family out here. They all moved away except for a few folk.” Star pulled a lighter out from her tight green pants, which went well with her light brown sheriff shirt. “There is only ten people left in this town and you have already seen two of them!”

Star handed the bone looking pipe to Will, who did not take it. “You go first . . . this is too weird to be doing this with a sheriff.” “Sheriff,” she blurted out and started laughing even harder, “Oh hun you crack me up . . . people don’t see me as the sheriff. I am more like a rent a cop. Law enforcement was abandoned in this town two years ago,” “So are you a real cop?” Will asked handing the pipe back to her. “Yes . . . and no,” Will shook his head in confusion. Star put the pipe to her lips and lit the end. She inhaled the smoke, “That doesn’t make any sense, how can you maybe a cop?” Star laughed

445
ROBBY RICHARDSON

a little as the smoke exited out of her mouth, “Oh you’re so cute! You got eyes like my husband” she said sliding closer to him as she handed him the pipe. He took the pipe in his hand and ignoring the fact that there was a sheriff standing right next to him he lit the end. Will began to choke, and soon was coughing up his lungs “Oh, we got ourselves a rookie,” Will held the pipe in his hands and choked out “I ain’t a rookie!” Star began to play with his hair, “Oh now, I can tell a boy like you has experience, but you need somebody to teach you more.”

Star took the pipe and took another hit passing it back and forth between the two them. The smoke began to cloud the room as Star began to flirt more and more. “You are really cute,” Will took another hit from the pipe. His head was spinning, “This is some really good stuff.” “I know,” Star said and before Will realized it, she was kissing his neck. Will titled away, “I can’t do that your married and I have a girlfriend.” Star made a sad face, “But I need someone young to play with . . . nobody has to know.” Star leaned in and began to kiss his neck again, “But what about . . .” Star put a finger to his lip, “No, it will be our little secret.” Star leaned into Will and began to kiss him passionately. Will set down the pipe on the sink, and their kissing became deeper. Soon Will was tearing off Star’s shirt exposing her beautiful chest. “They look better then I thought,” Star smiled, “I know every boy likes them.” Star pulled away, “You want to have some real fun?”

Will’s pants were already sliding down his legs and he nodded. Star smiled, and took out a white pill that was one of the biggest he had ever seen. “What is that,” he asked, but Star smiled back naughtily and put the pill on the tip of her tongue. She leaned in and began to kiss him. She kissed him so deeply that Will did not even


446
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

notice the pill sliding down his throat. “All gone,” she asked, Will nodded, “What was that?” Star smiled, “You will see.”
Will walked out with Star almost half an hour later, Will had trouble walking as everything was getting dizzy. Star was buttoning up her shirt and pulling up her pants. “Star, I can’t really see,” Will felt on the walls trying to stay upright. “I’ll take you someplace where you can come down from the pill I gave you.” Will could barely walk, his skin felt so itchy. “What did you give me?” Star began to put on his shirt, “It’s a pill that is no longer on the market. It’s really good.” Star gave him a little kiss on the nose, “I didn’t leave any bruises did I?” “Yeah,” she said sounding like it was not a real concern. “What’s your husband going to say?” “Don’t worry I got him wrapped around my finger.” “Star, do you have my pants?” “Yeah, there right here . . .

hello, what is this?” Will did not even have time to ask what it was because Star had already answered the question of what had dropped, “Oh, is this your wallet?” Will could hear her opening up his wallet. She handed him his pants and a couple minutes later his wallet. “You have a really cute brother.”
Will tried walking but Star led him right back into the waiting room. “I have to check on my friends. Don’t worry I’ll check on them for you.” Star sat down as Will tilted his head back noticing that his vision had become engulfed in fog. Will tried to stand up, but fell back in his seat. “I want to see my friends,” Will asked loudly.

The next moment Will had fallen silent. There was whispering in the air or maybe that was his mind playing tricks with him. When he felt a pair of hands lift him from his seat, “Star,” he asked. “Yeah hun,” She replied, “I want to see my friends.” Star walked Will over to what looked like a giant white bubble, but a voice spoke from the bubble. The voice of Nurse Annabel, “The doctor wants to see you.” Will grabbed a hold of Star’s arm for balance, “Star will you come

447
ROBBY RICHARDSON

with me?” He felt Star take his hand and pull it off her arm, “Sorry baby”. She whispered in his ear, “My husband is coming and I have to be here when he arrives.” Will felt the nurse put a hand on his back and lead him through the double doors.















































448







Chapter 4

Dr. Simon


Britney was brought up to the second floor and brought into an examination room. She was sitting on the table eyeing the hospital garment that was put on there. She did not feel comfortable being naked in front of a perfect stranger. That was not the only reason why she did not want to slip into the outfit. The room was just as dirty as the rest of the hospital. The mere exposure of her skin would expose her to many airborne diseases including some that

have not even be discovered yet.

The door opened and in walked a man in a white lab coat. He looked as old as the hospital did. He had a manila folder, “Hello,” he said walking into the room. “You are Britney correct”? She nodded her head, “And you were in a car accident?” She did not hear him, “How are my friends doing?” The doctor looked up from his folder, “Friends?” Britney frowned, “Kendra, Jacob, and Will?”
The doctor tilted his head in confusion, “Jacob?” Britney groaned, “The three people I came in with . . . Will, Kendra, and Jacob.” “You did not put on the hospital robe.” Britney frowned even harder, “Just tell me about my friends!” The doctor gave an exasperated groan, “Your friend Kendra has suffered massive trauma which has caused

449
ROBBY RICHARDSON

her to go into a coma. Your friend Jacob is fine . . . as a matter of fact he is in the very next room, Pedro is attending to him”. Britney was about to speak, but the doctor had cut her off, “Young lady I need you to be in that robe.” “No, screw your robe,” the doctor rolled his eyes, “Why do they always fight with me?” “You’re not going to get any cheap looks at me naked.”
The doctor looked as if he was trying to contain all the patience that he could. “Listen, I don’t want to see you naked. It just makes it easier for me to examine you.” “Look, my forehead really hurts just do you thing and do your job.” The doctor walked closer to her rolling his eyes at her comment. The doctor began to examine her, his hands began squeezing her arm, and they moved closer to her chest. “Hey watch your hands doctor!” Britney watched his hands as the moved closer to her chest. When his hands had landed on them, she pushed him away. “Why do they all have to make it so difficult,” Dr. Simon asked himself. “I am not letting you cop a feel on me! I am going to report you!” Britney stood up and began to walk out of the room. “Look, you don’t need to leave. I was just checking to make sure that you did not have any broken ribs and that your vitals are normal.” “Whatever, I am fine. I am going to check on my friends.” She opened the door and she knew the doctor rolled his eyes because he softly replied, “Very well.” Britney walked out of the hallway. She had never been so mad. She knew there was something wrong with this place from the start. What kind of sheriff would flaunt herself around like that? What kind of place did not have a sanitary hospital or even an ambulance?

The hallway was dark except for the few lights that shown overhead. The hallway was empty and all the doors were closed except for one that was slightly cracked open. Britney knew that it must be the room Jacob was in. Britney walked into the room and

450
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

let out a scream that traveled down the hall. Jacob lay on a Gurnee bed, his chest was cut open. Britney put her hand over her mouth to keep her from throwing up. She noticed a cooler on the floor covered with blood and filled with ice. She turned to see the doctor locking the door to the room. Britney started to scream, “Stay away from me you freak!” Britney began to look around the room for an exit, but the only exit was the door that the doctor stood in front of. She reached for the giant blade, which Britney suspected was used to open the chest. She was about to grab it, but felt something hit her in the head. She turned and saw the doctor grab her neck and slam her into the wall. “You stupid girl, Britney began to choke and sputter, “Please, why are you doing this?” Dr. Simon grabbed her neck tighter, “I get so lonely out here, I just want a taste,” Dr. Simon threw her onto the Gurnee bed which held Jacob’s body.

Britney turned around and tried to swipe at Dr. Simon’s face. He grabbed her wrist and turned her around bending her wrist in the opposite direction. Britney screamed in pain, “Will, help me!” Britney felt the bones in her finger being stressed in pain. Britney was bent over Jacob’s corpse, “Please, let me go!” “Why are you doing this? I’m gunna kill you!” Dr. Simon leaned over her body and whispered into her ear, “My wife is dead, there are no people in this cursed town. You are the first patients I have had in over five years.” Britney tried to fight him, but the doctor’s grip was too powerful. “I had to make money. This town had to make money, so we sell human organs on the black market. Now we all make good money.” Britney chocked as Jacob’s blood poured out of her mouth, “You don’t have to do this you could leave the town!” Dr. Simon laughed hard, “My license was taken away long ago and if I leave this town, I will surely go to jail again. After all the police and the world know me as simply the Grim Reaper.” Britney was screaming loudly, “STOP!” Britney felt

451
ROBBY RICHARDSON

the doctor now beginning to undo her pants as the doctor finally gave a quick snap of her hand. Britney yelled out in pain, “My hand, you freak!” Britney knew that Dr. Simon had broken her fingers, and her wrist might even have some fractures in it.
Dr. Simon took her hair in his hand and smashed her face into the open chest cavity. Britney could feel the heat of Jacob’s organ’s in her face. She tried to kick him, “Settle down!” Britney still was screaming for Will as the pain of her hand increased with every passing second. She was now coughing as Jacob’s blood was now covering her face. Her screams were muffled, and it became difficult to breath. Her kicking had begun to slow as the air entering her lungs was now becoming less and less. She began to cough and sputter as the blood of Jacob began to enter her lungs. The world began to grow dark as her pants fell to the floor.

Britney tried not to cry as the doctor was now zippering up his pants. He took his hand off her head and put it through her bloody hair. He pulled her off Jacob and tossed her on the ground. Curling into a ball, she continued to cry. She felt dirty, she felt used, and nobody had come to her aid. She felt the doctor kick her, “Clean yourself up your husband will come to collect you.” Britney sobbed uncontrollably, “Why don’t you just kill me?” Dr. Simon laughed as he straightened his lab coat, “Pedro wants you for his wife. I needed to make sure that you are good enough for him.”

“My parents will find me, and I will tell the whole world about how you raped me.” Dr. Simon smiled, “Nobody is going to find you.” There came a knock on the door and in walked Pedro. He stared at Britney laying on the floor half naked crying into her blood soaked hands. “What the hell have you done to her?” Pedro ran to Britney and tried to comfort her, “I had to test her, and she made it difficult.” Pedro stood up and confronted the doctor, “She is going to

452
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

be my wife!” Dr. Simon rolled his eyes, “Look just get those organs over to the Delgado brothers, and I don’t want you coming back with anything less then thirty thousand.” Pedro nodded, “Would you mind if I spent some quality time . . . alone with my fiancée.”

Dr. Simon smiled, “Yeah, I have to finish harvesting that coma bitch and that other boy. I suppose you can go do your thing and then get back to work.” Pedro nodded as he escorted Dr. Simon out of the room. He walked over to her unbuttoning his shirt, “I know your upset, but soon you will grow to love me.” Britney clutching her useless hand, “Please, no . . . more. I can’t take anymore.” Pedro began to unbuckle his pants as he reached down to grab her hair.

Britney raised her foot and sank it right into his crotch. Pedro let out a howl of pain. She tried to scramble up. Pedro made a grab for her but Britney sank her knee into his face. She made a break for the door, she was almost there. Wack!!! Her legs had given out from under her, and she fell onto her back. She had slipped on Jacob’s blood which now lay in a giant puddle over the floor. She stood up and tried to make another grab for the door. She heard Pedro swear and then felt a sharp pain in her side. She had lost her breath. She stared into the cold green eyes of Pedro. She looked down and saw the chest opener stuck into her side. It was driven deep into her kidneys, and the blood poured out like a fire hydrant. Britney began to breath fast, “You stupid bitch! We could have been happy together.” Britney felt her body growing weaker as she tried to raise her non-broken hand to strike him. Pedro caught the lazy punch and threw her on the floor. She choked and felt her body getting colder lying in a pool of blood. Pedro pulled down his pants again and slid them to the floor. “It didn’t have to be this way. It didn’t have to end like this!” Britney felt her breathing beginning to slow. Her mind was now becoming clearer. It was pleasant not to think.

453
ROBBY RICHARDSON

It was nice not to feel Pedro roll her over onto her back. She felt her heartbeat slowing as the adrenaline that she had felt was wearing off. Pedro climbed on top of her, and knew that everything was going to be alright in a couple of minutes. Her last thoughts dwelled upon Will, and when she heard heavy breathing that was not familiar to her, her head tilted back, and her eyes filled with darkness.

“GET UP,” Will heard a voice yell at him. Will woke up to what felt like a light sleep. “Huh,” he said. The room was fuzzy and everything seemed out of context. Will felt something grab his shirt and yank him out of the chair. “What are you doing,” Will asked almost lazily. Will was tossed to the ground like a sack of potatoes. However he did not feel any pain as he slid across the floor. “You raped my wife!” Will was not sure that he heard the man correctly. “Who are you,” Will tried to get a better look at the man before him. He was wearing a cowboy hat and was wearing a green jacket.

“You would rape a sheriff ’s wife!” Will was unable to get his mind to focus right. “Look dude, I don’t know what she has said,” the sheriff put his hands on Will’s shirt again. “You raped my wife,” he repeated into Will’s face. “Look, I don’t know what she told you but,” again Will was cut off by a familiar voice this time, “Don’t listen to him baby.” “Star,” questioned Will. However when he said her name he wished he hadn’t, Star’s husband punched him in the cheek. This left Will howling in pain.

“Don’t you ever speak my wife’s name again,” Will felt the man’s hands go up to his neck. “Please, your wife seduced . . .” Will let out another howl of pain as a foot smashed into his crouch, “Shoot him Trey, shoot him for your wife!” Will was howling with pain pleading “I didn’t,” but something had stopped him again. This time Trey’s mind was racing.

454
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

“Please don’t shoot me,” Trey was now pointing his gun at the boy that raped his wife. There was something familiar about him, “Do . . . do I know you?” Will was holding his crouch as Star had come up behind him, “Shoot him Trey!” Trey bit his lip as his hand started shaking, “Where do I know this boy from?” “Nowhere . . .
Kill him Trey or do you not care that this boy raped your wife, dishonored your family.” Trey’s hand shook harder. He wanted to pull the trigger. He could feel his finger feeling the trigger almost as if it was testing it. Will held his crotch as he backed himself up to Annabel’s desk.
“Family,” repeated Trey in his head. His family was Star he knew that, but what did he have before Star. His mind began to race as he could hear Star screaming in his hear, “Shoot him you worthless coward, you don’t care about . . .” Trey’s eyes began to dart side to side and suddenly like being hit with a bolt of lighting. “What’s your name,” asked Trey, his pistol still pointing at the boy. “Who cares what his name is just shoot him!” Trey ignored her, “Will.” Trey’s pistol finally fell, “Will?” Trey could hear his voice tremble, “How do you know my name?” Trey examined Will’s question, “Because you look an awful lot like me.” Will groaned as his crotch gave a little throb of pain. “Really, I can’t tell because your girlfriend drugged me.”

Trey heard his girlfriend scream, “Lies, lies . . . give me the gun I’ll shoot him!” Star reached for the gun, but Trey pulled it away from her, “You can’t kill my brother!” “Brother or not, he raped me,” Trey could feel his anger beginning to boil inside of his stomach, “How could you rape my wife?” Trey watched Will’s head beginning to rotate on his neck, “You could at least look at me.” Trey saw Will turn his head towards him. He was almost cross eyed, “You don’t look anything like me.” Will was staring at him harder as if he was looking at a Magic Eye book.

455
ROBBY RICHARDSON

Will could hear a worried tone in Star’s voice, “He . . . doesn’t look anything like you.” Trey yelled back, “He looks an awful lot like my brother.” “I am your family you weak little shit. You don’t have a family besides me! It doesn’t matter, I was raped.” Will tried to speak louder then her, “Look, if you’re my brother or not, I am telling you the truth your wife seduced me.” There came a loud bang, and Will felt something pierce his right leg. Will let out a howl of pain as he felt a burning sensation. He knew that he had been shot. He knew his bone had been broken by the blast.

Now the seriousness of the situation had fallen onto Will like a bowling ball being dropped on his foot. “Please Trey, please if I am your brother that means we are family.” Will could hear Star almost cheering in the distance. She was screaming excitedly, “Yeah baby, get revenge for momma, kill him!” The bullet was still hot in his leg, and Will could feel the blood pouring over his hands running onto the floor.

Will took his bloody hand and reached it out to Trey. His eyes were getting cloudier and soon darkness was beginning to spread over them. “Please we are family Trey,” Will was now desperate and willing to say anything to survive. The pill was effective in dulling his pain. Trey eyed Will, and then looked back at smiling Star. Her eyes were filled with such lust and excitement. She nodded her head, and Trey turned back to Will. “You raped my only family,” Trey’s voice echoed off the peeling walls, “I am your family!” Will did not even know where his friends were. Would they be coming to help him? Will heard the hammer lock back on the pistol, “Star is now my family.” Will only heard two of the shots go off, he did not hear the third.

Star screamed in happiness and ran into the arms of Trey. “Oh my baby is a stone killer, and I like it.” Star wrapped her legs around him

456
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

and began to kiss his neck, “Oh baby, I want you right now.” There passion for each other was short lived as Annabel came walking into the room. She was looking at a manila folder. She tripped over the foot and gave a faint, “Oops.” She was smiling a little as Star got off of Trey, “What are we going to do with them?” “Sell him,” Annabel gave a smile, and went over to the phone, “Pedro, there is another body here in the front lobby.”

She hung up the phone, “What about his friends?” Annabel looked up and saw that Star was now trying to clean herself up. She spoke to Annabel, “They are all taken care of ”. Star tried to fix her torn shirt, and Trey put his gun back in the holster. “Well, you two should head home. They will be taken care of and you can pick up the money in a week.” “Oh,” she said, and walked over to her jacket, which lay on the chair that she was on sitting before. She picked it up and dug out a big bag of marijuana. She walked over and handed it to Annabel. “Your weekly supply,” Annabel smiled as she took the bag. “Your Uncle’s lot right,” Star nodded “It has been really good this year.” Annabel slipped some money too Star, who took it and stashed it in her pocket.

Annabel smiled one last time and walked through the double door. “Star,” asked Trey almost like a nervous little kid, “Yeah baby,” she replied putting on her jacket. “There is something I have to know, and I want you to be completely honest with me.” Star shot him a warning look, but Trey proceeded on carefully, “Please I have never asked you anything but I need the truth.” Star continued to glare at him, and Trey knew he needed to ask carefully. “Was he really . . . I mean . . . he wasn’t really my brother . . . was he?” Star’s glare turned into a smile. She walked over to Trey swaying her hips as she walked. “I told you the truth when I was breaking you. Your family really is dead,” Trey nodded his head not really sure if he

457
ROBBY RICHARDSON

believed her. Trey felt Star grab his chin and pull him up, “I am your family now and you honored me tonight. I am very proud of you.” She kissed him and took his hand in hers. They walked out the front door as Pedro came into the room. He smiled as he began to drag Will’s dead body down to be harvested. Whether he was his brother or not, Trey did not care. His family was Star and this was his life now, and he was happy.

The End?







































458
















Virus in us All




-The Mad Chemist-

(Outro)

By

Robby Richardson

CARNIVAL DE MUERTE















Dr. Khydd’s eyes were wide as he stared at me advancing towards him. His hands rose, “Robby, please you don’t have to do this”!

“I don’t know what I am, but I want my life back. I’m taking it back and the only way is to take your life.” I cornered Dr. Khydd as he raised his hands higher. “Please Robby don’t do this . . . I’ll tell you whatever you want”? I could plainly see the fear in his face, “I didn’t expect you to escape”. “Yeah you didn’t expect a lot of things did you? Now tell me . . .” “I know, I know,” he stood up straightening himself up. “You wanna know about Muerte,” “Muerte . . . me . . . I want everything,” raising his hand slightly, “please Robby you have got to give me a minute. It takes awhile to know where to begin”.

“Spill it,” I yelled gripping my fists tighter in my hand. “What is it that you know about Muerte,” I shrugged, “I guess I don’t really understand it myself ”. “Well, tell me what you do know and we can go from there”. “It’s kind of like a rebirth, the death of your old self and embracing who you are truly meant to be . . . whatever it may be”. I watched him nod his head, “it’s a start,” “Well what is it”? “Exactly,” he smiled his pearly white teeth which seemed to twinkle like a corrupt politician. “It’s a virus,” “well there is another secret ingredient and only you know what that is. I’ve been trying to figure that one out for years.” I knew I was confused. “You mean I never,” I watched him shake his head. His perfectly combed hair

461
ROBBY RICHARDSON

didn’t fall out of place. Perfection in the simplest form, “you were a hard egg to crack, but you did finally crack but never fully breaking”. I felt myself stumble slightly in my spot. “I . . . I don’t understand,” “Muerte was born from these sessions from our sessions,” “I . . . don’t remember . . . . why can’t I remember,” I grabbed my head almost feeling a migraine coming on to me.
“It’s alright if you can’t, the mind forgets those times darkest to us. The mind is a complex matter. Matters happen with the mind and the complexity could make the mind snap”. “Wait, wait, slow down there Dr. Khydd, what exactly are you telling me”? “Inanity is your reality . . . look,” he exclaimed raising his hand and pointing towards the classroom. I turned to see the rest of the class staring at me. Their eyes were motionless. I felt the utter confusion flowing over me. “I . . . I don’t understand, I mean really don’t”. I waved my hand in front of one of the girl’s faces. Her blond hair hug without the slightest motion as her eyes lay dead without even the slightest flutter. I ran my hands through her hair it was crunchy and stale like the hair of a cheap plastic doll. “Their . . . not, their not real,” my words seemed to lag behind my thoughts as my eyes traveled over every student. “Let me pose you this question Robby. What is real? What is reality? Are we all real? In this case . . . no,” I turned to him still holding the hand of a particular overweight student with hands like hooves.

“Are you telling me that everything . . . everything, you, me, the hospital, my escape isn’t real? Muerte is not real?” “My dear Robby you of all people should know that just because it’s a dream doesn’t mean it isn’t real”. “So that means that you . . . you were never real?” His blue eyes twinkled as he stared at me almost in a pitying expression. “My dear Robby if only you knew the truth behind your dreams. The truth behind this Muerte, oh how simple things could

462
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

be”. I ran my fingers over my forehead, “so that means that you were never real. All of you are a figment of my imagination”. Raising his finger Dr. Khydd corrected me, “Your dreams . . . and even you don’t know the depths of darkness that lie within them”. For the first time I smiled, “well aren’t you that darkness”? And my face fell when I saw Dr. Khydd begin to laugh. It was low and cold as he gripped his stomach before wiping a tear from his eye. “Just call me Oz and the darkness is like the wizard, a man behind the curtain,” “so he controls you?” Smiling he pointed to me, “and he has a hold over you too”.

It was my turn to laugh, “QUIET,” he shouted looking at me with ice in his eyes. “Your life . . . your purpose . . . your very existence has been for him. Your too shallow minded to even comprehend the hold that he has on you”. Crack! My fist landed in the middle of the desk. “Nobody has a hold of me . . . I control me”. Shaking his head, “you have no idea . . .” “ENOUGH”! My shout rattled the walls as I grabbed a pair f scissors off the desk and advanced towards him. “I want to see him,” shaking his head violently, “that is not possible. I’m afraid he is too busy to meet with you”. I froze slightly before continuing on “well I want to see him”. “And it is like I told you he is . . .” I raised the scissors, “then you serve me no purpose. I’m ending this now”. Raising his hands in protest, “fine, fine, just don’t do anything crazy”! “Crazy, crazy, you made me this way,” his face fell, “oh my dear Robby. I just helped you become who you really are. I helped assist you in finding your Muerte but he brought it out of you”. “Yeah, that’s what I want to know, who he is”? Straightening himself, “well through that door I believe you will find your way”.

I returned the scissors to the desk and headed to the door. I stopped when my hand reached the knob. “Since this is all a dream, I won’t be seeing you again. I’m burying Muerte and with it . . . burying

463
ROBBY RICHARDSON

you”. He smiled “if you say so Robby, if you say so”. I gave him one final look as he stood in front of the green chalkboard. I opened the door and walked out into a dark hallway. The door slammed behind me and the light over the glass went out with a pop! I stared down a hallway that I had seen a million times. Doors lined the walls as small windows lined the tops. The hallway was dark and walking past me were people that I had never seen before. All of them were different sizes and shapes. Their eyes were cloudy as they walked like zombies through the entire hallway. Their white robes hung loosely as their feet seemed to drag on the floor with every step.

In truth, I had no idea where I was heading. The hallway ended at a black doorway. My room at the institution had always ended in the middle, a room numbered 616. I stopped, a particular round fellow with a sunken face approached me, “Hey do you know where . . .” He turned to me and immediately placed his finger to his lips, “shh”! I watched him point to the black door and shuffle away without a backwards glance towards me. I turned and noticed the hallway beginning to empty out leaving me alone in it. I shook slightly as I saw the door almost glow in a mournful and ominous way. I reached up and opened it. It was awe inspiring how insanity forms such a complex reality.

I felt like I had walked into a science lab as a large black table sat in the middle. The table was crammed with boiling beakers and large clear tubes transferring a variable rainbow of colored liquid through them. Shelves lined the room their colors and even substances varied as well. In addition to their variety their contents were out of a cheesy 50’s style sci-fi movie. A human hand floated in a jar of green liquid. It’s skin slowly beginning to peel off. My eyes landed on a figure that I had not seen upon my initial inspection. He blended into the background and stood hidden behind the large

464
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

apparatus of chemicals. He seemed to have not even noticed me as he stared down through a large black and white microscope. For the first time I was unsure of what to say. The trickle of fear that played across Dr. Khydd’s face at the very mention of this man was only noticeable to the sharpest of eyes. Courage fills a man’s body, but fear cancers the heart.
“Well are you just going to stand there or are you going to speak,” his Eastern European accent was rough and forceful. A voice that seemed to demand answers and sting anyone who dare squander his precious time, “You . . . you can see me”? The man raised his eye from his microscope and under the single blue luminescent light his appearance became clear. Lowering a pair of tiny gold spectacles, brown hair slightly askew probably from years of pulling at it, “really Robby . . . every time”? Pushing his spectacles he picked up a pencil and pointed to a shelf in the corner, “I believe what you are looking for is over there.” Returning to his microscope he added “get it and go”.

I furrowed by brow as I moved closer to him. His white coat had turned a faint blue in the light. I tried to study him a crooked nose with a small brown mustache. After getting a full view of him, I realized that I was nothing more than air to him. If I came any closer, I would become like a fly, an annoyance. I turned and headed towards the corner he pointed to. Muerte, it plagued me for a long time, its discovery, its meaning. The label stuck out at me like a red stain in a white rug. “I didn’t bother to look at the other products I found my way to a black pouch. It was soft as velvet and a gray string tied the top together. I felt a fair amount of what felt like a powder inside the bag.

“This, this is Muerte,” I turned and saw the man’s head fall, “really, every single time Robby? I don’t have time for this idiocy”. I walked over, “this is Muerte, this stupid little powder”? “Technically

465
ROBBY RICHARDSON

it’s a virus you simple minded . . .” “Alright that’s enough . . .” raising his head towards the dark ceiling, “not this again”. I came forward the bag clenching in my hand. I wanted the scissors. I wanted to cut his head open. He should fear me and fear what I had become. “What the hell is your problem your lucky I don’t,” head still raised, “I can’t deal with this again, I really can’t”! “Can’t deal with what,” he lowered his head, “every time you come in here to get another sack it’s the same thing, the same routine,” I took a step back. “You mean, I . . . I have been here before”? Rolling his eyes, “yes and if you don’t mind can we just cut to the chase, I’m too busy to listen to your threats and complaints . . . can you just leave this time”? “Can you just tell me what you mean when you say Muerte is a virus,” “it infects your entire body and mind . . . changes you, now go”. Returning to his microscope, “so is this a dream,” “no I assure you I am quite real here in the back of your mind. The problem is your mere forgetfulness. It is becoming quite annoying”. I turned grabbing the pouch, “I guess I will see you around then,” the man chuckled, “you have no idea”. “So how do I get back to . . . ?” “Just GET OUT”! His yell rattled the walls and even set a glass beaker to crumble to the ground smashing its contents over the dirty cement floor. I never looked back as the door slammed shut behind me.

I felt my body shoot up from my bed as the rain pattered against my small window. I looked to realize a dark figure coming into my room. I clenched the blankets but relaxed when I heard a voice, “Robby I’m glad to see you’re up”. “Yeah well, I don’t get much sleep these days. So what can I do for you Derek”? “Well I am glad you are up I have been wanting to talk to you . . .” he stopped and leaned in closer, “I wanted to get some more of that stuff . . . what’d you call it, Muerte”? Shaking my head, “one time is enough”. “No you miss understand me. I want to get it for somebody else”. I looked at him

466
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

skeptically his golf ball like head with over sized ears, “seriously”? Skeptically, “Alright, but listen it’s dangerous if you do it again”. He nodded, “yeah, I know you told me that the first time . . . same price”? I nodded, “come get it in an hour, I’ll put it in my top drawer there”. “Can’t I just get it now,” I shook my head, “no later alright”? Disgruntled he snarled, “You’re lucky I don’t bust you on smuggling in narcotics into an institution like this”. I shrugged, “it’s not a narcotic and do me a favor can you keep it down when you come in next time”? He nodded, “tell me where do you get this stuff from”? I smiled, “you know Derek for the life of me I couldn’t tell you. It just kind of shows up every now and then, I can’t help it”. Looking confused he walked out of the room no smile on his face, I waited until the door was closed. Derek’s footsteps faded and then died.

I walked over and pushed my bed to the side. Deep claw marks stretched over the hidden section of wall that my bed covered. Unclenching the bag from my hand, “Jesus Dr. Khydd you’ve got great timing. The night I need a little Muerte and he shows up”? Opening the black bag of Muerte, I begin to add chunks of dry wall from my own room. I let it mix in with the dust from my dream. Tying up the bag and tossing it in my top drawer, “the only real question” I said to myself. “Where does the chemist get the stuff to give to me”? I let the thought play through my mind as I returned to my bed. I’ll make sure to ask him next time I see him. Maybe he can finally tell me the secret behind Muerte?

The End?








467

















Long Live Muerte




(Carnival de Muerte Outro)

By

Robby Richardson

CARNIVAL DE MUERTE















The lights went out and the tent was silent as a light came from out of nowhere and in the middle appeared the ringmaster.

He stood on a tall platform which had a winding staircase around it. I saw my parents open their mouths in shock at the sight of the resurrected man. And to my disbelief everyone in the audience had the same look upon their faces too. I however was not impressed with the carnival as a matter of fact. The ringmaster wore a sliver studded jacket with black pants all etched in silver stitches. He still looked pale and his demeanor had less enthusiasm as in the beginning. However his voice was stronger than ever, “ladies and gentlemen it is unfortunate that we have come to the end of the show”. The ringmaster gripped a pole and leaned over the side as he said, “our little carnival is small in size but will make the very earth quake beneath us”!

A figure began to enter the middle of the ring. It was a person dressed as a jester. His black and red outfit was lined with tiny gold bells. “Isn’t that the guy that took our tickets,” I asked my parents who just nodded and continued to watch. He had a skull mask and his shoes looked more like socks covered with bells. The jester stopped in the middle of the ring, “it is time for the jester to reveal the death of the next individual!” “The death of the next individual,” I asked a little confused. My mother nodded as my dad leaned around her,

471
ROBBY RICHARDSON

“there going to show another magic trick . . . like in the beginning of the show”! “That was a sick magic trick”. My parents were clearly not listening to me their focus was drawn towards the dancing jester in the center. He gyrated his waist and his hips in such a comical fashion the audience gave polite laughter. His arms twirled wildly as he spun in place, “give me a break”. His hand contorted around until his finger landed on “me”?

The jester’s finger rested on me as the ringmaster yelled out joyfully, “ah, it looks like the jester has selected the next victim.” I stared at my parents still skeptical of everything. My parents were not frightened. On the contrary, they were very encouraging for my participation. The even pushed me down the small steps as the jester waved me to come down. The jester clapped me on the back and walked me over to the ringmaster as I walked up the flight of stairs. I saw a rope fall from the top of the tent. “Hey ringmaster, what is the trick to this gag . . . I want to be a good sport and all”. “The jester has picked out our next victim,” the audience clapped as he wrapped the “circle of death” around my neck. “Hey,” I began to tug on his jacket but the ringmaster just slapped my hand away. “What is the trick to this . . . do I have to do anything”? My question fell on deaf ears as the ringmaster edged me closer to the end of the platform. “We hope that you have enjoyed your evening and know that Carnival de Muerte will be soon coming to cities all over the world. We’re going big time”! I felt a hand on my back as I stared up at his black stitches on his neck. “Hey,” I tried to get his attention now starting to get a little scared. “Ladies and gentlemen although Muerte starts with one,” he patted me on the back slightly. “The end has been foreseen . . . in twenty sixteen”! I felt a sharp push as my body fell off the edge and everything went black when I heard my neck snap. The ringmaster raised his hand as he bellowed “LONG

472
CARNIVAL DE MUERTE

LIVE MUERTE” and gave a little bow as the audience waited for the magic trick to finish. The seconds grew longer and soon they realized that the hanging body of the teenager was dead. This was no magic trick. This was the Carnival de Muerte.

THE END












































473



