Horrorshow

By Nathan Allen

Copyright 2021 Nathan Allen

Smashwords Edition

Cover design by VectorArtist@99designs

nathanallen10101@gmail.com

Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends, family, frenemies and foes. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. Thank you for your support.

Hazard by Richard Marx copyright 1992 Capitol Records. No permission given but Richard Marx seems like a cool guy who wouldn’t sue.

This novel is mostly a work of fiction. The names, characters and incidents portrayed in it are the work of the author’s psychosis. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events or localities is entirely regrettable.

The immoral right of Nathan Allen to be identified as the author of this work has been asserted.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Credits
Statement from Langdon Pryce
Statement from Nathan Allen
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Interlude I
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Interlude II
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Interlude III
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Interlude IV
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-one
Chapter Twenty-two
Chapter Twenty-three
Chapter Twenty-four
Chapter Twenty-five
...
Also by the authors
Contact
Further Reading

Statement from Langdon Pryce

In my bestselling seventh novel, Black Tongue, the hero Derrick Galton is forced to defend his neighborhood from an invading horde of alien shapeshifters that look, sound and act like normal human beings, but are in fact giant leech-like organisms that have taken humanoid form. The choice of hirudinean worms as the insidious force was deliberate, as it was inspired by the sheer number of leeches that I have had to contend with in the years since I first began to enjoy success as a writer. Fighting off bloodsucking parasites is a sad but inevitable part of the job, whether that be deluded cyber-stalkers spreading unfounded allegations on social media that I have stolen their idea, to long-lost family members emerging from the woodwork to ask for a handout, to Hollywood studios cooking the books to avoid having to pay royalties owed.
Nathan Allen, a failed “writer” whose career achievements to date could be listed on the back of a postage stamp, is possibly the biggest leech of all. Despite the fact that he and I have never met, he has still managed to plunder my work and shamelessly pass it off as his own in what I can only assume is a ludicrous attempt at jumpstarting his own career. While I can’t pretend to be surprised that someone would sink so low and behave so unethically in the shameless pursuit of fame and financial gain, it still saddens me to see a writer treat a fellow scribe in such a way.
As I write this, the battle for the Horrorshow credits is still before the courts, however I am confident the final outcome will rule in my favor and state unequivocally that I am the sole author of the work you are about to read.

Statement from Nathan Allen

The story of how Horrorshow came to be in its current form is a long and at times complex tale. It is one that I will attempt to clarify in the limited space I have here.
As I understand it, Langdon Pryce authored the original manuscript during one week of frantic writing activity in June 2015. According to my sources, when he re-read what he had written several weeks later, he was dismayed at the poor quality of his own work. The manuscript was tossed into the proverbial bottom drawer, where it remained for two years.
In 2017, ownership of the manuscript was transferred to a third party (who has requested anonymity) in exchange for the canceling of an outstanding gambling debt. That person then approached me in late 2019 to ask if I would be interested in purchasing said manuscript from him. After negotiating an agreed-upon sum, the requisite paperwork was drawn up and Horrorshow legally became my property.
Despite Mr. Pryce’s claims, the story has not been “stolen” from him. It is impossible in this day and age for one writer to steal the work of another and pass it off as their own. The chain of title documentation clearly states that I have obtained this work through legal means. Mr. Pryce was acting on his own free will when he relinquished the rights, he was of sound mind, and was in no way coerced. This appears to be nothing more than a case of seller’s remorse.
Once I became aware of Mr. Pryce’s dissatisfaction I was more than happy to resolve the issue through mediation, however Mr. Pryce appears to have a sue first, ask questions later disposition.
Another falsehood perpetrated is that I have contributed “zero work” to the story you are about to read. This could not be further from the truth. The manuscript was in no way publishable when I first took possession of it, a fact confirmed by the previous owner, who spent two years unsuccessfully shopping it around to various publishers before approaching me. The original document was purported to have been written in one week, and, to put it bluntly, it shows. The copy I received was barely readable. An entire year was spent rewriting the story and shaping the confused stream-of-consciousness ramblings into something resembling a coherent narrative. Numerous spelling, grammatical and punctuation errors were corrected. Several outdated terms were removed or replaced with more acceptable alternatives (“mulatto” changed to “biracial”, “Chinaman” to “person of Asian origin”, and so on). The fictional automobile manufacturer Vektehr was created to avoid potential libel suits, and several inflammatory references to the Israel/Palestine conflict were excised completely.
Despite our disagreements, I have magnanimously agreed to a compromise allowing co-authorship of this work. The title will now read Langdon Pryce’s “Horrorshow” by Nathan Allen, in order to accurately reflect the contributions made by both writers. I have also agreed to include a statement from Mr. Pryce, as shown on the previous page. I was under no obligation to do either of these, however this is my attempt at meeting Mr. Pryce halfway. It is my hope that we can resolve this matter without needlessly clogging up the courts with further legal action.
Ultimately, it will be up to the reader to decide which writer deserves the lion’s share of credit. I encourage everyone to read both my own work and Langdon Pryce’s to draw their own conclusions.


Langdon Pryce’s
Horrorshow

By Nathan Allen
Chapter One

Riley Haig hated his job. For the best part of two years he had worked for Xakli Insurance – pronounced “exactly”, as in, “No one knew exactly who came up with a name as stupid as Xakli”. This was by far the longest he had ever held down regular employment.
For the past six weeks he had been a claims assessor. He was part of the sales team prior to that, cold-calling civilians at random and guilting them into taking out overpriced policies that they probably didn’t need. He was offered a promotion after his boss informed him that he was one of the team’s top performers, and that his work ethic suggested he had the potential to thrive if he was presented with a greater challenge. As far as Riley could tell, the only thing he had done to earn this praise was not quit.
Riley Haig hated his boss. Stefan Asher had slicked-back bleached blonde hair, and he wore heavy gold jewelry around his neck, wrists and fingers. He engaged in the infuriating habit of foot-tapping and desk-drumming when others were trying to work. At twenty-three, Stefan was six years younger than he was. To have become regional manager so early in his career meant that Stefan was either prodigiously talented or the beneficiary of nepotism. As it so happened, Stefan was the son of the company’s senior vice president.
Riley was in no position to pass judgement, though. His older sister Shelley was the director of operations at Xakli’s head office. This was a fact he went to great lengths to hide from his co-workers. She had given him the sales job because she wanted to keep tabs on him.
He had been summoned to Stefan’s office on this Friday afternoon. Stefan began with small talk, or his idea of what small talk was. Rather than asking anything about Riley’s life – how his day had been, how he was finding the change in duties, what his plans were for the weekend, etc. – he talked exclusively about himself. Riley soon heard all about the Tesla Model S he had recently purchased, and his upcoming two-week vacation to Ko Pha Ngan.
Finally, after thirteen soul-destroying minutes: “I’ve brought you in here today to discuss the Marjory Taylor case,” Stefan said. “What can you tell me about that?”
This was a life insurance claim that Riley had assessed earlier in the week. He took a moment to recall the specifics.
Marjory Leanne Taylor died in October of the previous year, aged fifty-six. Her third husband was Norman John Taylor, aged sixty-three, also deceased. Their marriage was tumultuous from the beginning. Norman had a volatile temper and a decades-long criminal history, and he was known to have been violent with his previous wives. He was a manic-depressive who had recently stopped taking his medication, as well as a firearms enthusiast whose drinking had increased substantially since losing his job three months earlier. In simple terms, he was a tragedy waiting to happen.
On that fateful day in October, the husband and wife engaged in a vicious screaming match that lasted hours. This in itself was nothing out of the ordinary; police had conducted several welfare checks at their address in recent months following reports of a domestic disturbance. But this one escalated faster and further than most. At one point, Norman locked himself in the bathroom with a bottle of 100 proof gin and a loaded revolver for company. When Marjory located the spare key and stormed in to continue their quarreling, she found him in the tub with the gun between his teeth.
Neighbors reported hearing the gunshot just after four p.m.
So far so tragic, and a story that had played out too many times before. But it didn’t end there.
Norman was facing away from Marjory when the trigger was pulled. The gun was a Smith & Wesson Model 29 Classic; a weapon so powerful that the back of Norman’s skull offered barely any resistance to the bullet as it was propelled from the chamber. It continued on and struck Marjory in the shoulder, rupturing her right subclavian artery. She tried crawling for help, but the blood loss was too severe. Four minutes later, husband and wife were both dead from the same bullet. It was the freakiest of freak accidents, a one in a million occurrence.
Marjory had taken out a life insurance policy with Xakli earlier that year. The claim landed on Riley’s desk for assessment. After reviewing all the facts, he decided that it was fairly straightforward: Marjory’s death was an accident, and her policy covered accidental death. He approved the payout to her two adult children.
Stefan half-listened as this was explained to him, and half-texted like a tween who had just received a new iPhone for Christmas. When Riley had finished, Stefan slid a sheet of paper across the desk.
“Read out that section,” Stefan said, tapping it with his finger.
Riley leaned forward to glance at the document. It was page eleven of the product disclosure statement for Xakli’s life insurance policy. One sentence had been marked with yellow highlighter. “The policy will be declared null and void in the event of a suicide within the first twenty-four months,” he said.
“So what does that tell you?” Stefan said.
“It means we can reject the claim if the claimant takes their own life in that period.” Riley finished speaking, hoping what he said was self-evident and required no further elaboration.
Stefan looked at him like he was expecting more.
“But ... she didn’t die by suicide,” he continued. “Her husband did, but the coroner ruled Marjory’s death was accidental.”
“Yes, but pay attention to the wording – ‘in the event of a suicide’. A suicide was directly responsible for Marjory Taylor’s death. It doesn’t say anywhere in the T’s and C’s that it has to be her suicide.”
Stefan grinned like a child who had successfully tied his shoelaces for the first time. It took Riley a few seconds to catch on to what was being suggested here.
“Are you telling me you want to deny the beneficiaries their payout due to a technicality – a literal reading of the terms and conditions?”
“Riley, please. Xakli is a business, not a charity.” Stefan was using his most patronizing voice. “Making a profit always has and always will be our primary concern. We’re not here to provide a community service.”
“The family are not going to be happy.” He wanted to voice his objection in more expressive terms, but that was all he could come up with.
“No. I imagine they won’t.” Stefan recommenced texting.
“It might even end up in court.” Riley felt a tremendous urge to force-feed him that phone.
“And? You really think these people have the resources to take us on?”
“But what if the media get involved? Will all the negative publicity really be worth it, just to avoid having to pay out a few hundred thousand dollars?”
“Riley, relax. That’s a tomorrow problem. Or a next week problem, or next month. Whatever it is, it’s not your problem. Just worry about doing your own job properly.”
Stefan continued talking, or monologuizing, for several more minutes, which segued into one of his interminable pep talks. Riley had heard this speech many times before, or some variation of it. This was the one where Stefan told him that he had the potential to succeed, and with hard work, determination and the right attitude he could one day be sitting where he was, “on the power side of the desk”, but he needed to keep his eyes peeled and his ears open at all times, think outside the box, and be aware of what was going on around him. Meaningless platitudes and bromides regurgitated straight from whatever TED talk he happened to watch earlier that day.
“That’s how you move up the hierarchy,” Stefan said. “That’s how I got to where I am today.”
That, and being the son of the senior vice president. Riley battered away the sarcastic comment in his head. “I’ll just have to try harder in future,” he said instead.
Stefan smiled again. It almost caused Riley physical pain to return the gesture.
The longer he stayed here, the more he hated his job.

Xakli Insurance first came into existence eight years ago. Despite its relatively short history, it was one of the fastest-growing firms in the financial services industry. Its popularity was due in part to its now-infamous life insurance products, stating that policies could be taken out on anyone, anywhere, regardless of whether the policyholder had an existing relationship with the insured person. This generated a great deal of controversy when it was first launched. It was claimed that insuring total strangers and benefiting financially from their death was immoral, in poor taste, and could potentially lead to exploitation and murder. The company was quick to dismiss these concerns, insisting the scenarios suggested by critics belonged to the realm of fantasy, and would never occur in the real world.
Many believed the “anyone, anywhere” product was little more than a marketing gimmick, and by Xakli’s own admission very few individuals had taken out policies to insure someone they did not know. Those that had were mostly people participating in celebrity death pools, or sports fans insuring their team’s most important player.

That night, skulls invaded Riley’s sleep. Not the hard-boned type seen in books on archaeology or human anatomy. These skulls were ghoulish caricatures, their mouths contorted into demonic grins, with gaping black holes where their nose and eyes should be. Disembodied heads floating atop amorphous bodies, following his every step. They were everywhere he turned.
He tried to run and he tried to hide, but the skulls were never more than a few paces behind, tethered to him by an invisible cord, taunting him and letting him know there was no escape. They were demons that could not be outrun.
A pounding on his front door brought an end to the torment.
He was surprised to see daylight creeping in from behind the curtains. It felt like his head had just hit the pillow.
He stayed where he was for a minute. Like most people, he had experienced anxiety dreams from time to time, but this one seemed different. More vivid, and much more intense. Ominous, like it was loaded with greater significance. Like his subconscious was trying to tell him something – or trying to warn him.
Further pounding on the door. Ignoring it did nothing to make it stop. It only became more persistent, the visitor knocking with greater determination and ringing the bell with increased fervor. Whoever it was, they wanted him to know they were not leaving until he answered.
He threw off his damp sheets and stumbled out of the bedroom.
He flung the door open, bleary-eyed and bed-headed, expecting to see an old lady shaking a charity tin or an old man holding a bible and promising to save his eternal soul. Instead, he was confronted with a sight much worse. Something he was definitely not prepared to face this early in the morning. It was his sister Shelley.
“You’re not ready?” she said.
Her speaking and shrieking voices were more or less indistinguishable. She held a takeaway coffee in each hand. One was thrust in Riley’s general direction.
“Ready for what?” he said. He accepted the hot beverage, against his better judgement.
“Don’t waste my time, Riley. I’m really not in the mood.” She pushed her way inside without waiting for an invitation. “The wedding’s at two, and we have a long drive ahead of us. I want to be in fone.ONE by midday. Hurry up and get dressed.”
A feverish chill passed through him. The wedding. Oh god. That was today.
Shelley’s husband Doug trailed wordlessly a few steps behind. He was wearing his one suit – the one he dusted off for every formal occasion for as long as Riley had known him. Doug was a creature of habit, and a man of few words and simple tastes. Someone who, despite earning a doctor’s salary, saw no reason to throw away good money on something that would only be worn a handful of times in any given year.
By contrast, Shelley had squeezed her Pilates-toned, juice-cleansed figure into a brand-new Chanel outfit; one that probably cost as much as a small car and would most likely never be worn again. Her hair had been styled by some flamboyant Euro coiffure artiste, and her freshly-Botoxed face was as smooth and as cold as a frozen lake. As well as being nine years older than Riley, Shelley had inherited their parents’ curse of premature aging – grey hairs at twenty-seven, crow’s feet at thirty. A small fortune had been lost in the years since trying to reverse the process.
“Shelley, I’m not going to the wedding,” Riley said. “I thought I’d made that perfectly clear.”
He dropped into his recliner chair. It was the only seat in his cramped apartment, leaving Shelley and Doug no choice but to remain standing. Aside from the low rent, the size of the place was its most attractive quality. It was too small for hosting visitors, which suited him just fine.
Doug busied himself by flicking through a dog-eared paperback sitting on the TV cabinet. It was a Langdon Pryce potboiler, left behind by the ex-girlfriend Riley was currently trying to erase from his memory.
“I don’t have time for your games,” Shelley said. She cast a critical eye over the unwashed dishes piled up in the sink, the dust lining the shelves, and the carpet that had gone months without seeing a vacuum cleaner. “You’re coming to the wedding today. End of story.”
“And if I refuse? It’s not like you can force me to go.”
“Do you really want to find out?” Her eyelids twitched a little. Riley got the impression she was trying to raise her eyebrows, something she was incapable of doing so soon after her last Botox appointment. “There’s two of us and one of you. I think we’d have a pretty good shot of getting you into the car.”
He rubbed his eyes. It was too early in the morning for this. His brain was still half asleep. This felt like a continuation of the previous night’s bad dream.
The coffee in his hands was smelling pretty good right about now. He was tempted to take a sip, but he resisted. He didn’t want to give Shelley the satisfaction.
Incredibly and improbably, the fact that his twin sister Izzy was getting married today had slipped his mind. For some reason he thought it was next weekend. He had put the invitation up on the fridge when he first received it, only to toss it out a few days later. He wouldn’t be attending, and all it did was remind him of his own failures. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to go; he would love nothing more than to be able to. It was just that he couldn’t return to his hometown of Krumbleton. That was out of the question. Too many traumatic memories.
He had skipped his father’s funeral seven years ago, and his mother’s four years after that. Izzy’s wedding would be one more important event he would miss out on, resulting in months of self-loathing and further alienation from his family.
“I thought we both agreed you were coming today,” Shelley said.
“How did you possibly arrive at that conclusion after I said no the first twelve times?” he said. “At no point did I say I was going. I told you right from the start that I was not going. But, as usual, you invented your own narrative in your head, and you only heard what you wanted to hear.”
For weeks she had badgered him after the invitations were sent out. At first he was non-committal, trying to delay giving an answer, and then he said no outright. When this failed to end the discussion, he stopped taking her calls and replying to her texts. That was a short-term solution to their incessant arguing, but also his biggest error in judgement. Being unresponsive was never going to be a deterrent for Shelley. She was going to do as she pleased, with or without his permission. Ordering him around was second nature, and something she’d spent most of her life doing. She had become much worse after their mother’s passing. Shelley had seamlessly stepped into that role to provide him with all the nagging, shaming and guilt-tripping he could ever hope for.
She arranged the job for him at Xakli Insurance just so she could keep an eye on him. He only accepted because he had no other prospects.
“Honestly Riley, I’ve had just about enough of this,” she said, planting her hands on her hips. “I don’t know why you refuse to come back to fone.ONE.”
“Would you please stop calling it fone.ONE?”
“That’s the official name of the town. It’s been known as fone.ONE for several years now.”
“I know, and it’s ridiculous and I refuse to acknowledge it.” 
“Well Krumbleton, fone.ONE, whatever you want to call it. I just don’t understand what your problem is. I understood – I sort of understood – why you didn’t want to return for the funerals. That was an emotional time for everyone, and grief takes different forms. But this is different. This is your sister’s wedding, and one of the most important days of her life. It should be the most joyous. She wants nothing more than for you to be there. If you don’t come today ...” She shook her head, and she trailed off. “We’ve tolerated a lot from you. A lot. You’ve tested our patience, you really have. But this is too much, I’m afraid.”
Doug stood by and observed from the opposite side of the room without comment. His body language was a wordless apology. Riley had always got along fine with Doug, and it was clear he had no say in any of this. This was more or less how their marriage operated. Shelley did whatever she wanted, and it was easier for Doug to go along with it.
“Shelley, you can lecture me all you want.” Riley finally gave in to temptation by taking a sip of the coffee. “You can get angry with me, and you can try to coerce me, but I’ve made up my mind. I’m not coming to the wedding, and I’m not going back to Krumbleton. End of story. And guess what? There’s nothing you can say or do that will get me in that car.”

Chapter Two

As it so happened, there was one thing Shelley could say to get Riley into the car.
“Riley, I RSVP’d on your behalf three weeks ago. I’ve told Isabelle you’re coming today. She expects you to be there. Words cannot express how overjoyed she was to hear that her brother would be returning for her wedding. Now, of course I can’t force you to come. Only you can make that decision. But you must know that if you don’t, Izzy will be heartbroken. You will be responsible for ruining her day, and that’s something she will never forget. Do you really want that weighing on your conscience?”
She may have been bluffing. There was a strong chance everything she said was untrue. The only problem was he had no way of knowing, other than by calling Izzy himself.
Shelley was a top-level manager in the corporate world, and nobody ascends to such a position without learning a thing or two about mind games and emotional manipulation. As much as it pained him to admit it, he had been thoroughly outplayed. He was going back to Krumbleton.
For years, he had avoided his hometown. Friendships had been burned and familial relations strained along the way, but Izzy was the one person he could never let down. Not turning up today would destroy her, and he would never be able to forgive himself. Worse, she might never forgive him. This could be the straw that broke the camel’s back, the one betrayal there was no coming back from.
The journey to the town now known as fone.ONE was a three-hour drive that felt five times as long. Shelley bought him two more coffees along the way, but instead of making him feel more alert, they only gave him a weird sickly feeling in his stomach. Possibly a psychosomatic reaction, or a harbinger of things to come. He was in the wrong frame of mind from the start.
Ten minutes into the trip, he realized he had left his phone behind. He didn’t bother asking Shelley to turn around. He knew what the answer would be.
They arrived just before noon.
The town he grew up in was called Krumbleton, the name that had adorned it ever since it was founded in the mid-nineteenth century. Three years ago, it was changed to fone.ONE. Centuries of heritage and tradition was cast aside when fone.ONE, a global telecommunications giant, relocated its center of operations to the district and purchased the naming rights. The elected officials sold the town’s soul for an annual seven-figure sum and cheaper long-distance calls. Marketing gurus applauded this innovative arrangement for alternative revenue streams and declared that municipality sponsorship was the future of branding and product recognition. The councilors behind the push were rewarded with generous bonuses, and the name Krumbleton was expunged from all public records.
Whatever it was called, it all looked the same to Riley. Same drab streets. Same crumbling buildings. Same listless residents. Same guy who motored around town in a chunky mobility scooter despite having a perfectly functional pair of legs. The whole place was drenched in dullness, like a thirty-year-old CRT television that was losing its picture. Nothing of any interest or excitement had ever happened here. It was one of those towns where ambition and vitality went to die.
They were booked to stay at the Giacobbe Hotel, the town’s most prestigious and luxurious accommodation option. This was not considered a high achievement with the bar set so low.
He was at least grateful that Shelley had arranged separate rooms. For a few horrifying minutes he feared she was going to make him share with her and Doug. He became less appreciative when she handed him a slip of paper with her bank details and requested that he reimburse her the full amount at his earliest convenience. She may have been pulling in a mid-six figure salary, but that didn’t mean she was about to be overcome by a sudden burst of generosity.
He showered and changed into his wedding attire. He didn’t have anything formal in his wardrobe, but what he managed to pull together before he left would suffice – a pair of business pants, a light blue shirt, a red tie, his scuffed work shoes, and a suit jacket borrowed from Doug. He wouldn’t be winning any best dressed awards, but he doubted anyone would be paying too much attention to him.
He hoped no one would be paying attention to him. 
He was dressed and ready to go an hour and a half before the ceremony was due to commence. He was left alone and fidgety, with nothing but his own thoughts to keep him company. He turned the TV on, hoping to find something to occupy his mind for a while. He flicked through the channels and landed on a movie. It was Girl With One Eye, a hokey horror-thriller based on an early Langdon Pryce novel. He tried watching it, but that only made him feel worse. He switched the TV off after about three minutes. He glanced at the room service menu, but he had no appetite.
The silence soon became too much. He wanted to leave, but there was nowhere to go. He was stuck in this town for at least the next day.
He could feel the walls closing in. The room was suffocating. He had to get out of there.

Two minutes of walking the eerily quiet Krumbleton streets was about much as he could tolerate. It wasn’t anything he could really articulate; just an overwhelming sense of consternation and crushing anxiety, followed by a sudden and inexplicable nicotine craving. He had no idea where that urge had come from. It had been years since he last smoked. Even when he did, it was only an irregular thing, just doing it to fit in with the crowd. But that was the Pavlovian effect this town had on him. Every street and every landmark dredged up memories and feelings and fears that he would prefer to keep repressed.
He ducked into the first gas station he came across.
Like so many other businesses in Krumbleton, this one was unimpeded by progress and the modern world. Stepping inside was like traveling back in time thirty years.
A young redheaded woman stood behind the counter, fighting off boredom by flipping through a fashion magazine. He muttered his request for cigarettes, limiting opportunities for conversation by keeping his head low and avoiding eye contact. Rural folk were notoriously chatty, especially with strangers passing through.
The place was empty, for which he was grateful. The last thing he wanted was for anyone to recognize him.
“Riley?” the cashier said after she removed the pack from the cigarette case.
He cringed inwardly but didn’t respond, neither confirming nor denying his identity.
“You’re Riley Haig, aren’t you?” she said.
He shifted his gaze to look at her properly. She didn’t look like anyone he knew. They weren’t in school together; she was probably four or five years younger than he was. He didn’t pay too much attention when he came in, but now that he was looking at her he could see that she was quite attractive, in a simple, small-town-girl kind of way. She had a heart-shaped face framed with waves of auburn hair. Her skin was the color of a China doll’s, which accentuated her cherry-red lips and deep blue eyes.
He strained for a memory, but his mind delivered nothing.
“That is you!” she said. “I thought it was.”
He blinked and tried again, this time picturing how she might have looked ten years ago. An image formed of a pale, awkward, violin-playing adolescent; a bookish girl with metal teeth, coke bottle glasses and a head of frizzy curls.
“Um, yeah,” he said. “You’re Nicola, right?”
The name only came to him a fraction of a second before he said it. She was Nicola Blackman, the younger sister of Laura Blackman, a friend of his since the fourth grade. 
He noticed that she wore a name tag. Maybe he’d caught a glimpse of that, and this was what prodded the memory from his subconscious.
“That’s right!” Nicola broke into a wide smile. The braces were long gone, her teeth now a perfect row of white. “I can’t believe you remembered.”
“I didn’t know you worked here,” he said.
He knew what an odd thing this was to say as soon as the words left his mouth. Why would he know that Nicola worked here? It had been ten years since he last set foot in Krumbleton, and almost that long since he’d given Laura Blackman’s nerdy kid sister a moment’s thought.
“Oh yeah, I do this part-time,” she said. “My parents bought the place about five years ago, and I help out whenever they need me. I actually work at fone.ONE. Well, me and half the town work at fone.ONE now. Laura too, or she used to, but she’s on maternity leave. She’s due to give birth any day now.”
A sustained effort was required for Riley to keep his astonishment from showing. “Laura’s going to be a mother?”
“She’s going to be a mother again. This is baby number four. She already has two girls and a little boy.”
“Whoa. That’s incredible.”
He knew there would be changes upon returning home, but this was almost like stepping into another dimension. The idea of Laura Blackman being a mother – impulse-chasing, authority-disrespecting, responsibility-avoiding Laura Blackman – was about as likely as her becoming a Nobel prize winner. The idea of her raising four children even more so. There were so many questions. At the top of the list was whether all four children were from the same father. It was a question that remained unasked, since he couldn’t think of a polite way to phrase it.
“Tell her I said hi,” he said instead.
“So where have you been all this time?” Nicola said. She pushed a stray copper lock behind her ear. “We haven’t seen you in ages.”
“Oh, you know. Here and there. Moving around, doing stuff.”
He was deliberate with his vagueness, careful to avoid specifics. He just wanted to pay for his purchase and get out of there. Small talk often led to conversations, which inevitably involved questions. That was the one thing he was not prepared to deal with just yet.
“Traveling, seeing the world,” he continued. “Working different jobs. Just living life, basically.”
He remembered what it was like when he was younger, and someone returned to Krumbleton after a prolonged absence. He and his friends would look at that person with uninhibited awe and admiration, as if they had somehow defied the odds to escape the town and were now making a triumphant return with stories of their adventures from the outside world. Kind of the way Nicola looked at him now. She probably had dreams of her own of leaving; dreams hampered by her responsibilities back here helping out with the family business, or simply due to the psychological hold a small town can have on its native population.
Right then, he couldn’t help but feel like a failure. He hadn’t embarked on any big adventure. A decade of his life had been wasted avoiding responsibility and running away from his problems. He only left town because he had been forced out.
“So, um, can I get some coins with my change?” He slid a crumpled fifty across the counter, hoping to hurry the encounter along. “I might need to make a few calls later on.”
“Coins?” Nicola’s eyebrows went up. “Wow, it really has been a long time since you were last here.”
She reached beneath the counter and brought out a new cell phone – a fone.ONE T-1000 Ultra, still in shrink wrap. Recommended retail price: $600.
“No one uses payphones anymore,” she said.
“Oh no, I don’t need to buy a new phone. I just left mine at home.”
He didn’t want to admit it, but being without his phone was giving him separation anxiety. He wasn’t one of those lobotomized zombies with subatomic attention spans who couldn’t go two minutes without poking at a digital screen – he couldn’t stand those people – but he still felt lost without it. He never realized how much he relied on it until he didn’t have it anymore.
“You don’t have to pay for this,” she said with a laugh. “These are free. They’re part of the town’s sponsorship deal. fone.ONE, the company I mean, they get the naming rights and the tax breaks for relocating here. In return, the locals are given free phones with unlimited calls and data. As long as you’re within the district, that is.”
A sign behind the counter advertised the business as an authorized fone.ONE retail outlet. He had seen similar signs in the windows of other businesses, such as the post office and the newsagent.
“I’m not sure I qualify as a local, since I haven’t lived here for ten years,” he said.
“Oh, you know what this town is like,” Nicola said, peeling off the plastic wrapping and sliding the box open. “Once you’re a local, you stay a local. No matter how long you’ve been gone.”
She smiled again, and Riley tried not to grimace. It may have been an innocent statement, but there was more truth to it than he’d like to admit. Krumbleton was the kind of town that would sink its claws into you and never let go.
She gave a brief demonstration of the phone’s many features. He was confident that he would never use most of them.
He lit up a cigarette shortly after stepping out of the gas station. His airways almost closed up in revolt after his first attempt at inhaling. It was like sucking on an exhaust pipe. His eyes watered, and he endured a savage coughing fit. He made it a third of the way through before he realized it was doing nothing for him except making him sick, and he stubbed it out on the pavement.
The packet was tossed into the next trash receptacle he came across, and he wondered why he ever thought that was a good idea.

Chapter Three

He arrived at the wedding a few minutes before proceedings were scheduled to commence. He tiptoed into the church and slipped into the pew second from the back. The backs of Shelley’s and Doug’s heads were visible from where he sat; they were seated somewhere up near the front. Having some distance between them came as a welcome relief, however temporary it might be.
The ceremony dragged but passed without incident. The groom appeared nervous but excited. The bride looked radiant. Both choked up as vows were exchanged. None of the guests voiced their objection. No one got cold feet and attempted to make a run for it.
They were married by Father Hyden, a priest they had known their whole lives. He had baptized them when they were babies and taught religious instruction at their Sunday school. He kind of droned on, as he had a tendency to do, and he lost his place several times. He was getting on in years – he would have been well into his seventies by now.
Riley enjoyed the ceremony for the most part. More than anything, he enjoyed seeing his sister looking as happy as he had ever seen her. It allowed him to temporarily forget about where he was, and the unfortunate circumstances in which he was forced to be there.
But the congenial mood couldn’t last. The bride and groom were pronounced man and wife, and the guests filed out of the church once the ceremony drew to a close. The feeling of apprehension soon resurfaced.
As was the case with many fraternal twins, Riley and Izzy could be both exactly alike and complete opposites, depending on the situation. They had the same interests growing up, a similar offbeat sense of humor, and shared so many in-jokes it often seemed as if they communicated in their own language. But for every trait they had in common, there was another where they occupied opposite ends of the spectrum. When Riley was getting into trouble at school, Izzy was achieving straight As. When she was participating in voluntary work with a local community group, he was getting nabbed for petty vandalism. Parent-teacher nights were an exasperating affair for their parents. Their teachers were constantly puzzled as to how the class’s model student could possibly share DNA with its biggest disruption. She was the good twin, he the black sheep.
But despite Izzy being the high-achieving golden child of the family, there was never any animosity on Riley’s part. They squabbled the way all siblings did, but they were still as much best friends as they were brother and sister – unlike Shelley, with whom he always seemed to be in some sort of conflict. The moment anything exciting or interesting happened in Riley’s life, his first thought was that he had to share it with Izzy.
It had been two years since they last saw each other in person. This wasn’t the result of any great falling out or argument; it was just the way their respective lives had panned out. For the first nineteen years, they were together almost every day. Then, in the last ten, they only saw each other intermittently. That happened when Izzy came to visit him, and never the other way around. He had yet to meet Wade, his new brother-in-law, and he knew nothing about him other than he worked alongside Izzy in the Haig family business. He didn’t know what to expect, or how she would react to him being here. If she was a bit standoffish, he could hardly blame her.
But as soon as Izzy saw that he had arrived, she rushed over and threw her arms around him, not caring how many wrinkles this put in her dress.
“I can’t believe you’re here!” she said. “Thank you so much for coming.”
“You didn’t think I’d miss something as important as this, did you?” he said, making an effort to appear genuine, even if he didn’t quite stick the landing.
“Shelley said you would try to make it today, but, you know ...”
“But you didn’t believe it until you saw it with your own eyes?”
She laughed. “It’s just that it’s been so long, that’s all. Some of the locals were starting to take it personally.”
He wondered what Shelley had told her, and whether she had in fact RSVP’d on his behalf. He now assumed she was bluffing with her earlier threats, as suspected.
Izzy beckoned Wade over, and Riley met his brother-in-law for the first time: a lanky haircut wearing pants two inches too short with white shoes and no socks.
“Riley, this is my husband, Wade.” Her smile grew as she said this. It was probably the first time she had referred to him as her husband. “Wade, this is the long-lost big brother you’ve heard so much about. I told you he was real.” She gave Riley a punch in the arm.
“Ah, return of the prodigal son.” Wade shook Riley’s hand while flashing a tooth-baring grin that was either an exaggerated display of friendliness or an attempt to ward off a predator.
Riley’s first impressions of his new brother-in-law: handsome, charming, confident. Possibly a little too sure of himself. Neither the smile nor the handshake came across as sincere. He also seemed quite young. For some reason he had assumed Wade was in his early to mid thirties, but he actually looked younger than Riley was. He would have guessed twenty-six. He couldn’t say for sure that he trusted him either, even if he didn’t know why. It was just one of those instinctive things.
They engaged in a few minutes of polite small talk. He found this tolerable enough, until Wade mentioned that if Riley was considering a move back to fone.ONE he was sure he could find a job for him within the company. Somehow, that comment rubbed him the wrong way. Wade may have been the assistant division manager at Haig’s Transport, but Riley was a Haig. His grandfather had started the company, and his father had built it up over the years. It was his surname on the side of all those trucks. He could have been the one running the company, if that was what he wanted.
He couldn’t explain why that particular comment needled him the way it did. Wade was only offering to help, and it wasn’t as if he planned on moving back here anyway.
“We should catch up some more later on,” Izzy said, smiling but with a slight wistfulness in her voice. She knew, as Riley did, that she would be inundated with well-wishers throughout the day and night, and they would be lucky to spend another two minutes in each other’s company.
“Hey, what are you doing tomorrow?” Riley said. “Maybe we can all hang out after everyone has left.”
“Oh ...” Izzy held onto her smile, despite her obvious disappointment. “We’re actually driving straight to the airport for our honeymoon. Our flight leaves at ten, so we’ll be checking out of the hotel around seven a.m.”
“Sure, I understand.” Riley nodded and tried to make it seem like this wasn’t a big deal. Privately, he felt foolish for even suggesting it.
“Maybe we could postpone it a day?” Wade said. “Or even catch a later flight?”
Izzy’s eyes immediately lit up. “I’ll call the airline. I know it’s last minute, but they might be able to make the arrangements.”
“Oh no, don’t do that,” Riley said. “Don’t change your plans because of me. Go and enjoy your honeymoon. We can see each other when you get back.”
That may have been just another empty promise, something said in the moment and forgotten about a day or two later. He was only here due to emotional blackmail, and he was counting the minutes until it was time to leave. Izzy probably knew this as well, but she put on a happy face. Or perhaps, just for today, she wanted to believe he wasn’t lying.
“We’re flying out to Fiji,” Wade said, just as the silence threatened to become uncomfortable. “Isabelle’s arranged it all. You know how much she loves to plan things. I’m just going along with it, as well as paying for it.”
“You should see the place we’re staying at,” Izzy said, brightening again. “It looks incredible. The beaches are so white, and the photos of the nature reserves look like something out of a painting. Wade wants to try scuba diving, so he’ll probably spend most of his time in the ocean.”
“While Isabelle will be spending most of her time as far away from the water as possible,” Wade said with a laugh.
Riley thought it was odd the way that Wade kept calling her Isabelle. She was Izzy to pretty much anyone who had known her for any length of time. He also thought his laugh sounded forced.
“Don’t tell me you’re still afraid of sharks,” he said.
“Yes Riley, I still hate sharks,” Izzy said. “All thanks to you. Ever since you forced me to watch Jaws when we were nine.”
“I can’t believe you still refuse to go in the water. Even lakes and rivers. You know, places you’re not likely to encounter sharks.” 
“I was traumatized! No child should be made to watch that. I think in one way or another you’re responsible for most of my adult neuroses.”
“It was Jaws 2, by the way, which is not even scary. And you know that even in the ocean, shark attacks are rare.” Riley smiled; it was funny how easily they slipped back into their old routines, like they were teenagers again.
“I know they’re rare, but phobias aren’t logical. When you’re in the water you’re not thinking about that. You’re imagining your legs being turned into dog food by a twelve hundred pound killing machine.”
“But the odds of that happening are basically zero. Statistically speaking, you’re more likely to be killed by a vending machine than a shark.”
“Now that can’t possibly be true.”
“I know that sounds made up, but it’s not. People shake them and stick their arms inside trying to get free food, and they sometimes fall on top of them. You come across all sorts of interesting facts working in insurance.”
He had learned this fact at work, although he came across it when he was wasting time on the internet rather than through the course of his duties. Still, what he said was technically correct.
“We’ll be sure to keep that in mind,” Wade said, sliding an arm around his new wife. “I’ll keep Isabelle away from sharks and vending machines, just to be extra safe.”
Their conversation was cut short when the wedding photographer intervened to drag the bride and groom away, insisting his shots had to be done right this very moment when the natural light was at its most luminescent. His manner was more dramatic than it needed to be. Riley thought the groom’s exposed ankles would be more detrimental to the photos than the lighting.
Izzy hugged him one more time, and they promised to catch up later in the night.
She left with Wade and he found himself alone, with no one to talk to and no idea of what to do with himself. It occurred to him that this was the first wedding he’d ever been to for someone his own age. He’d attended family weddings as a kid, but his exile from Krumbleton meant he’d missed out on seeing his own friends get married.
He scanned the crowd, on the lookout for anyone he might know. The faces he saw were mostly unfamiliar. A distant relative here, an old acquaintance there. No one he had any real desire to speak with. The extended Haig family had never been close, and relations between the various members could best be described as complicated. He had uncles and aunts and cousins that he had met only a handful of times. Others he had grown up with, only for the families to stop speaking for reasons that were never explained to him, although he assumed money was the root cause of most of these conflicts.
The longer he stood there the more his anxiety swelled. He had never been comfortable at social events anyway, which made him feel doubly exposed. He could sense everyone staring. He was the odd man out, the one guest here all on his own. He heard whispering. His eyes shifted back and forth. Even though he was in broad daylight, that didn’t mean some specter from his past wasn’t about to make a scene. It wouldn’t be a Krumbleton wedding without some sort of high drama.
He forced these negative thoughts from mind. Relax, he told himself. Quit jumping at shadows. No one was here to attack him.
As soon as he thought this, he felt two hands land on his shoulders. The grip was firm. He tensed up.
“Riley Haig. I must be hallucinating.”
It took a moment to identify this as a friendly and non-confrontational encounter. He turned around and saw a grinning Selwyn Vickery.
Selwyn’s round face had thinned in the intervening years, and he wore his curly dark hair a little shorter these days, but he looked more or less the same as he always did.
“Selwyn. It’s, uh ... wow, it’s good to see you,” he said.
Selwyn bypassed Riley’s offer of a handshake and went straight in for a hug, catching him by surprise. The enthusiasm with which his arms were thrown around him was a little unexpected.
He had known Selwyn from school. He was a friend, but not really a close friend. He was more part of Izzy’s crowd than his own, although they still hung out together, the way everyone in a town this size hangs out with each other.
“This is crazy,” Selwyn said, slapping him on the back with a ferocious exuberance. “We were just talking about you.”
“You were?” This did nothing to alleviate Riley’s paranoia.
“Yeah! We were wondering if you were going to show up today. I mean, we were hoping you would. It’s been way too long. And now here you are!”
“Here I am,” was all he could think to say.
Riley’s predominant memory of Selwyn Vickery: at age fifteen, a bunch of Selwyn’s friends made a bet that he couldn’t swallow a rusty nail. They all threw in some money, raising forty-three dollars for the total prize pool. Selwyn had a reputation as the kid who would do just about anything if you paid him enough, and so he heroically rose to the challenge. The nail was swallowed and the money was his.
The inevitable stomach pains eventuated, followed by a trip to the emergency room. Selwyn lied and said that he must have accidentally swallowed the nail while eating a bowl of cereal after school. “I remember biting into something hard, and then swallowing it,” he told the doctor as the X-rays were examined. “I thought it must have been a bit of dried wheat or something.”
The lie spiraled, as these things have a tendency to do, and before long his parents were meeting with lawyers to discuss plans to sue the cereal company. The case was eventually settled out of court for $350,000. There was no proof the nail had come from the cereal box, but the company opted to settle early to avoid the negative publicity brought on by a protracted legal case.
There was a definite change in Selwyn once the money came through. A dumb bet and a small amount of duplicity had made him the richest teenager in town. Furthermore, he had pulled it off once, and in his mind there was nothing to stop him from doing something like it again.
It soon became his mission in life to cheat and scam the system at every available opportunity. This was like a compulsion, a new life philosophy, a near-religion. In school he would go to extraordinary lengths to cheat on tests, even if the amount of work required to cheat was greater than the time required to study and achieve the grade through legitimate means. He scammed meals from restaurants by planting dead bugs in his food. He wrote to every company he could think of to make false claims about defective products and services in the hope of receiving something free as compensation. He broke into phone booths and prized open parking meters to steal coins. He slipped on supermarket floors and threatened to sue the owners.
“Come on, everyone’s dying to see you!” Selwyn said.
He grabbed Riley by the arm and dragged him across to a small group of people around his age, standing in a semicircle by a flowerbed.
Introductions were made. There was Jeremy and Amber, who Riley remembered as friends of Izzy’s. They had been dating since ninth grade and were now married. 
The others he was meeting for the first time, and had moved to Krumbleton in the years since he left. There were two more couples: one married, and another that was newly engaged. 
There was also a woman wearing a tight maroon dress and an alarming spray tan. Amber quietly mentioned to him that she was recently divorced. It soon became apparent that she was trying to pair her up with Riley.
“So, you’re back in fone.ONE?” Jeremy said.
“Back at long last,” Riley said with a stiff smile, trying to maintain a gregarious mood, contrary to his current disposition. He was the center of attention now, and he didn’t like it.
“Just a quick visit, or will you be sticking around?” Amber said.
“Nothing concrete at the moment. I’ll see what happens. Just taking things day by day.”
His current plan was to leave town as soon as possible, but he kept this to himself. He was hoping to avoid questions of a personal nature. He found the best way to do that was to get on the front foot and ask about everyone else’s lives, since most people could talk about themselves for days. It was a skill he had mastered following years of practice.
He made some throwaway quip to Jeremy and Amber about how they were still together after all these years, and if this was because Amber had finally accepted that she wasn’t about to receive any better offers and decided to settle. They both laughed, and before long they were giving him the abridged version of the past decade of their lives: college, jobs, wedding, first house, baby number one, career advancement, baby number two, bigger house, starting their own business, baby number three. There weren’t too many surprises in all of this. They were more or less where he would have expected them to be at this point in their lives.
“I’m exhausted just hearing all that,” Riley said. During his time working the phones at Xakli, he learned that people took it as a compliment whenever you pointed out how busy they were.
“I suppose it does sound like a lot when you condense ten years of your life into ten minutes,” Amber said.
“Have you really been away from fone.ONE for the past ten years?” 
The comment came from the divorcée in the maroon dress whose name he had already forgotten. He had dropped his guard and left a gap in the conversation. It was only small, but enough for her to ask the question.
He responded with a quick nod, hoping this would suffice, and they would move on to another topic. The silence that followed, and the eight pairs of eyes looking his way, told him they were waiting for him to elaborate. They all wanted to know what his story was.
“Uh, well ...” He cleared his throat. “You know, it’s a funny –”
Before he could stammer through an answer, the group was distracted by a commotion taking place on the other side of the church grounds.
A vagrant had stumbled onto the lawns. In a crowd of sharp suits and elegant frocks, he stood out like a red wine stain on white carpet. He had thin greasy hair hanging over his face, and his clothes were a strong breeze away from disintegrating. The tattoos across his arms and neck looked like they came from a prison yard needle rather than a tattoo parlor. His skin was so jaundiced he could pass for a Simpsons character, most likely due to hepatitis or kidney failure.
Despite the drastic change in appearance since he last saw him, Riley had no trouble identifying this person.
“Is that Damien Crothers?” he said.
“Uh-huh,” Selwyn said.
Soon, the entire wedding was looking at the interloper. The crowd parted like a biblical sea as he sauntered through. No one wanted to come within coughing distance of this human bacteria cluster who was most likely drunk, high or both.
“I didn’t know he was out of prison,” Amber said.
“I heard he got released last week,” Selwyn said.
They all knew Damien from school. He was a scrawny powder keg with a poisonous reputation, and someone every parent warned their kids to stay away from. The fact that he had spent time in prison came as no surprise to Riley.
He looked about twenty years older than he should; a scarecrow cobbled together from desiccated human parts.
“I don’t know why they bother letting him out,” Jeremy said. “He’s just going to end up back in there in a few months’ time.”
Two groomsmen stepped into Damien’s path to prevent him from moving any further. They were big guys, both over six feet tall. Looked like they might be Wade’s older brothers. 
Quiet words were exchanged. The groomsmen appeared to be advising Damien that it would be in everyone’s interests if he immediately vacated the area. Damien barely blinked as he took this in. His sunken eyes stared off into space for a moment before he shuffled away without a fuss.
Riley watched him as he left. Just as he reached the corner, he stopped to cast one final look over the church lawns.
He may have imagined it, but it felt like Damien’s glare was aimed directly at him.

Chapter Four

“I can’t believe everybody calls this place ‘fone.ONE’ now,” Riley said. It was an issue that had irked him for some time. Only now did he finally have an audience to vent to. “Like the council makes the decision without consulting anyone, and the whole town obediently falls into line. Doesn’t that seem strange? It’s like saying you live in Pepsi, or you were born in Microsoft.”
The group had relocated from the church grounds to the bar area at Legrand’s, a short walk away and the venue booked to host tonight’s reception. The official start time wasn’t for another hour and a half, which gave the guests the opportunity to relax and loosen up with a few drinks.
“I guess it was kinda weird to begin with,” Amber said. “But we all adjusted soon enough. I suppose it’s like an unusual band name – it sounds strange the first time you hear it, but after a while you barely think about it.”
“I just wonder what the logical conclusion of all this is. Like, what’s next? Corporate sponsorship for street names? For babies’ names? Will days of the week be sold to the highest bidder, like how David Foster Wallace predicted?”
When Riley stopped speaking, he noticed the whole table looking at him. As were several others from the surrounding tables. He could feel his core body temperature climb several degrees.
“The company does a lot of good for the community,” Jeremy said. The tone was suddenly more serious.
“And they’ve brought jobs to the town,” Amber said. “Unemployment is the lowest it’s ever been. When you take everything into consideration, the positives far outweigh the negatives.”
“I’m sure you’re right,” Riley said, and he quietly sipped his drink.
Only now did he realize his potentially fatal social faux pas. Almost everyone here would either be employed by fone.ONE, or they would have benefited in one way or another from the company being here. Speaking ill of the town’s biggest corporate benefactor was not a good idea. Neither was drawing unnecessary attention to himself.
A welcome distraction came when a waiter stopped by with a plate of finger food, and he was saved from further embarrassment.
“So you’re back to rejoin the family business?” Selwyn said, helping himself to as many samosas as he could fit in one hand.
Riley almost laughed at the question, but he held back. “No. I’m working for Xakli Insurance, and I’m quite happy where I am.”
He wasn’t sure why he said this, since he was far from happy in his current job. But he definitely wouldn’t be joining Haig’s Transport, either. Despite his father encouraging him to follow in his footsteps and eventually take over the running of the business, he never displayed any such inclination. He saw first-hand the toll it had taken on him, and the punishing work schedule that had sent him to an early grave. His dad was only sixty-two when he died, but he looked closer to eighty. The thought of doing the same held no appeal.
“Xakli.” Selwyn repeated the name several times, as if trying to retrieve something from the far reaches of his memory. “I think I’ve heard of them. Aren’t they the company that lets you take out life insurance on anyone? Like, you don’t have to be related or nothing – they can be total strangers?”
“That’s the one,” Riley said, finishing off his drink and crunching an ice cube between his teeth. He tasted that familiar rust-tinged Krumbleton water, the kind that was said to inhibit mental development in children and was responsible for the substandard test scores in the region’s schools.
“Yeah, yeah, I know who you mean.”
Selwyn spent several minutes quizzing Riley on the ins and outs of Xakli’s policies: the costs involved, the specific terms and conditions, how claims were investigated, and the insurance industry in general. It was obvious he was searching for a loophole to exploit, or some way he could scam the company. He worked as an orderly at the local hospital, which would give him access to patients’ files, and he would know when they were about to undergo surgery. Taking out policies on at-risk patients would be one way of utilizing this information to his advantage. He would only need one or two to experience complications for it to pay off.
The next forty-five minutes were uneventful and passed fairly painlessly. It wasn’t anywhere near as bad as Riley had feared. Stressing over the small things and inflating them in his head until they were enormous was one of his worst habits. He needed to learn to relax and stop worrying so much. If he could manage that, there was a slim chance he might enjoy himself tonight.
Until:
“Ah, look who’s finally decided to grace us with his presence,” he heard Amber say.
He turned to see who the latest arrival to the party was. The dismay was immediate.
Callum Dorfman had arrived.
He wore a shirt with the top three buttons undone, showing off his gold chains and revealing as much of his chest as possible without contravening the dress code. A pair of Gucci sunglasses were perched on top of his head. He smelled like he had climbed out of a vat of Italian cologne.
“Sorry I’m late,” Callum said. “Something came up at the last minute.”
He didn’t sound the least bit sorry, mouthing the apology with the enthusiasm of a telemarketer reciting a legal disclaimer. The lack of specificity in his excuse also suggested it was probably not true.
“Did I miss anything important?” he said.
“Only the whole ceremony,” Amber said. “The exchanging of vows and all that.”
“So nothing important then.” Callum laughed at his own joke when nobody else did. He took it as a personal affront when still they did not join in. “Come on, it’s the same business every time. Do you take this man to blah blah blah, in sickness and in health, kiss the bride, the end. Anyway, I’m here for the best bit, aren’t I?”
Callum was a year ahead of Riley at school. Back then he was the self-anointed King of Krumbleton High, struggling with basic concepts like schoolwork and attendance, but excelling in physical intimidation, rumormongering, and conducting sustained campaigns of harassment and ritual humiliation.
Under normal circumstances, if Riley had encountered someone he hadn’t seen since high school he would assume they might have matured in the years since. Thirty seconds in Callum’s presence was all he needed to know there were exceptions to the rule.
“So are they serving drinks in this dump or what?” Callum said as he wandered off in search of the free booze.
“What is he doing here?” Riley muttered under his breath. He couldn’t imagine why Callum would have been invited today.
“I think he’s a plus-one,” the divorcée in the maroon dress said, leaning in a little too close for Riley’s comfort. “His wife and your sister are friends.”
Riley nearly choked on his salmon bruschetta. “Callum Dorfman is married?”
As soon as he heard this, he could picture what the wife looked like. Callum dated a lot back when he knew him, shuffling through girlfriends as frequently as he rotated his collection of fitted baseball caps. The girls were interchangeable – moneyed, stuck-up, narcissistic, and not all that academically inclined. Essentially his female equivalent. 
The mental image that formed was so vivid that Riley felt like he already knew her. She was a peroxide princess with a face oozing collagen and a name like Mykayla or Aisleyne or Kelsey or Alyxis, wearing an expensive outfit and shoes that she expected everyone to be impressed by. She had gone from daddy paying all her bills to Callum’s daddy paying all her bills. Unsteady on her feet with a semi-permanent vodka and diet pills buzz. Maybe not on Prozac just yet, but that was no more than a couple of years away.
Why Izzy would be friends with such a woman, though – that was anyone’s guess.
“That’s her over there,” the maroon dress woman said.
Callum’s wife entered from the other side of the room, and she looked nothing like how he had imagined her. She was a pretty brunette wearing a simple but elegant black dress and a sweet smile. Riley knew her well.
Her name was Megan Hersh. She was the sister of Robbie Hersh, his best friend growing up. She was also his ex-girlfriend.

Chapter Five

In recent years, Riley had spent more nights than he could recall lying in his bed, staring at the ceiling, plagued by insomnia and wondering what might happen if he ever did return to Krumbleton. His mind would cycle through countless scenarios, good and bad, imagining how the locals would react to his sudden reappearance, and observing how much or how little life in his hometown had changed in his absence. In none of these hypothetical mental simulations did he ever imagine Megan Hersh married to Callum Dorfman.
Even before his ex-girlfriend showed up today he just wasn’t able to get comfortable, agitated by a skin-crawling angst. He didn’t know if it was the return to town after all these years, but nothing about it felt real. Everything appeared off by a degree or two, like he was drifting through some kind of heightened reality or alternate universe. This latest turn of events had done nothing to change this perception.
He was skulking out by the venue’s back entrance when Selwyn found him.
“Are you okay?” Selwyn approached in small steps, like he was trying not to startle a skittish animal. “You kinda left in a hurry.”
“I’m fine.” Riley tried speaking in a normal and unaffected way, which only made him sound unnatural. “I just needed some air.”
As soon as he saw Megan, he mumbled an excuse about leaving something back at the church, and he made a beeline for the exit. He was pretty sure he had managed to escape without being spotted, although by now Jeremy and Amber probably would have mentioned that he was here today, so it made no difference.
In hindsight, bolting for the door may have drawn unnecessary attention to himself. 
He could tell Selwyn was in two minds about being out here, not knowing if he was expected to stick around to offer moral support for an old friend, of if the fact that they were now virtual strangers gave him permission to bail. He moved his body around halfway, like he was about to return inside, then stopped and turned back. For a moment, neither one spoke.
Riley regretted throwing those cigarettes away. At least that would have given him something to do, and a legitimate excuse for being out here.
A warm breeze picked up. A crumpled paper bag from the local burger joint tumbleweeded down the middle of the road.
“I’m sorry about all that back there,” Selwyn said, finally acknowledging the elephant in the room. “I should have warned you. It completely slipped my mind about you and Megan. That can’t have been easy.”
Riley nodded slowly. “I figured she’d probably moved on with her life,” he said. “I just never thought it would have been with King Callum.”
King Callum was the nickname bestowed upon Callum Dorfman back in high school. It was a sarcastic nickname, a dig at Callum’s rampant ego and inflated sense of entitlement. Unsurprisingly, Callum failed to pick up on these nuances. He assumed the nickname was based on genuine admiration, and he began referring to himself unironically as King Callum.
“None of us really saw that coming, to be honest,” Selwyn said. “They were only married a few months ago. It was all pretty sudden.”
Riley said nothing. He looked off into the middle distance, as if some unspecified activity further on down the road had captured his attention. Eye contact would have been a silent admission of how much this affected him.
“It happened just after her brother died,” Selwyn continued. “I think that played a big part. You heard about Robbie, right?”
“I heard,” Riley said quietly. “How, um ... how did he die?”
“They didn’t tell you? It was big news. They reported it on TV and everything.”
Riley shook his head. “I only heard there was some sort of accident.”
“That’s one way of putting it. He spontaneously combusted.”
He looked at Selwyn to see if he was making some strangely inappropriate joke. Selwyn’s face remained deadpan.
“That’s when someone catches fire for no apparent reason –”
“I know what spontaneous combustion is, Selwyn. I just don’t think it’s a real thing.”
“I didn’t know it was real either, but apparently it is. It’s more common than most people realize. There have been multiple reported instances in this area alone.”
“Are you sure about this?”
“I’m just telling you what the police said, alright? They said it was caused by a bad batch of methamphetamine. Or two bad batches; separate batches that got combined. Used in isolation, they’re not that harmful, or no more harmful than meth normally is. But when you mix them together, they can have deadly consequences. Explosive consequences. They found traces of hydrogen peroxide in one batch and sulfuric acid in the other. Anyone with a basic knowledge of chemistry knows what happens when you combine those two. Boom. Fire. Dead.” Selwyn looked at the ground for a moment, and he shook his head. “What a way to go, man.”
Riley brushed a cobweb off his jacket sleeve, and he wondered if he had become smarter in the time since he was last here, or if Selwyn had become dumber. “Right, I think I know what happened,” he said. “It sounds like there was an explosion at a meth lab, which is not uncommon because the people making it often don’t know how to properly handle the chemicals. I think that’s more likely to have killed him.”
Learning that his childhood friend had got himself caught up in the drug trade somehow made his death even more devastating.
“I’m telling you, it was spontaneous combustion,” Selwyn said. “At least, that’s what they put on Robbie’s death certificate. They said there was nothing left of him except a few charred bones and a pile of ash.”
“If you say so,” Riley said.
The conversation petered out, and an ellipsis of time passed. Selwyn took a few steps back toward the entrance.
“So ... will you coming back in?”
“Soon. Just give me a couple more minutes.”
Selwyn went back inside, and Riley debated what he wanted to do next.
Returning to the wedding was the last thing he felt like doing if Megan and Callum were going to be there. He might be able to slip back in later and make a concerted effort to avoid her for the rest of the night. Or he could just leave now. That would be even better, and a lot less work on his part. Go back to his hotel room and wait it out. He’d already put in his token appearance. The only reason he came was to not ruin Izzy’s day, and that goal had been accomplished. If he left now, it wasn’t like anyone would notice. Shelley might, but he could deal with her later.
But the one thing he needed to do before anything else was find Shelley and Doug’s car.
Doug was a doctor. He was the kind of doctor that maintained close relationships with representatives from pharmaceutical companies. Whenever a new product was about to hit the market, Doug was given a generous supply, and he would dole out these pills to his patients like they were vitamins. Kickbacks and other incentives were frequently involved to ensure maximum compliance.
If Riley was going to spend an entire day in Krumbleton, he would need something to help him through it. Valium would be a good start. Or something stronger, if he could get his hands on it. He would throw back a handful of pills and spend the next eighteen hours in his room drifting through an opioid haze. It wasn’t an ideal solution, but at that moment the only thing he wanted to do was numb his senses and forget his problems by any means necessary.
Doug usually had samples in the back of his car, and Riley was pretty sure he saw some when he removed his overnight bag earlier. He also knew where they kept the spare key – in a small magnetic box, stuck to the underside of the front bumper. He could easily swipe a few and Doug would be none the wiser. He had done it before.
The Mercedes was in the hotel’s parking lot. He looked around to see if anyone was watching. There was the hotel’s maintenance man, and a few other travelers passing by, but no one paid any attention to him. No one except Damien Crothers.
He noticed him over by the main entrance. The two locked eyes for half a second. Damien realized he had been spotted, and he scurried away.
Riley watched him as he left. He had no idea why he was hanging around here, but his gut told him he was up to no good.
He didn’t know Damien that well. He only knew that, given the choice, he would prefer to keep his distance. The one thing he did know was that Damien Crothers was not right in the head. At seventeen he was expelled from school for attacking Craig Edelman, a fellow student, with a bike lock, administering a beating so brutal that Craig ended up in hospital with a broken cheekbone, two missing teeth and shocking bruising all over his body. Damien was charged with grievous bodily harm, and he spent the next two years in youth detention.
Riley was already feeling out of sorts, like he was being watched, or some indeterminate mischief was happening just out the corner of his eye that he could never get a proper look at. Two sightings of Damien Crothers within thirty minutes only made him more apprehensive. It also made him wonder if there was something in his past that he should be concerned about. He couldn’t think of anything – to the best of his recollection, he and Damien never really had much to do with one another. But these days his memory was not what it used to be. Weird gaps had formed over the past few years, where names and places and events from his youth would vanish from his consciousness. The longer he stayed away from Krumbleton, the larger these gaps became.
He kept lookout for a couple more minutes to make sure Damien wasn’t still hanging around. When he was satisfied he was gone, he crouched down next to the Mercedes and retrieved the spare key.
He pressed on the key fob, and the trunk popped open.
He didn’t see any boxes of medication when he looked inside. That didn’t necessarily mean there were none in there. It may have just been that he was unable to see beyond the overwhelming volume and blood and viscera.
It was a few seconds before the full horror of what he was looking at came into focus. He saw something that looked like severed fingers. A small piece of rubber or plastic that was actually a human ear. Something that may have once been an eyeball. Other body parts and internal organs that were no longer in any identifiable form.
The shock hit and he stumbled back, gasping for air.
A mutilated body was in the trunk of Shelley and Doug’s Mercedes. He didn’t know who put it there or why anyone would do such a thing, but he did know who it was. He had seen the cassock and the white collar. This was Father Hyden.

Interlude I

Zephyr Lodge – Wednesday (Day 2 of 7) – 4:11 p.m.

The full stop at the end of the sentence marked the conclusion of another Horrorshow chapter, as well as the end of the first act. Langdon Pryce stretched out his stiff neck. He blinked a couple of times to counteract the double-vision that was creeping in.
A check of the word count told him he had knocked out close to six thousand words today. Six thousand words so far. He still had another six to eight writing hours left in the day, depending on how late he would work into the night. If he maintained this rate he should surpass the eleven thousand he wrote yesterday.
He leaned back in his seat and treated himself to a moment of quiet reflection. It was only the second day of his week-long writer’s retreat, but if he kept this up it would be the most productive period of his life. Real progress was being made here, and he owed it all to a combination of hard work, discipline, and a positive attitude. That, and a brain-jittering amount of Adderall.
It hadn’t all been smooth sailing, though. There had been moments over the past two days where he questioned what he was doing, and whether he could actually pull this off – smashing out an entire novel in one week-long non-stop writing purge with a looming deadline breathing down his neck. It was such an audacious, borderline-crazy idea, but he was determined to give it everything he had. His most exciting stories always had a sense of urgency, a frantic race against time or a ticking clock rapidly counting down to zero. The theory went that if he could place himself in a similar high-stakes environment, the tension would bleed through to the words on the page. Kind of like method writing.
His best work was often produced under similar conditions. All throughout high school and college, the papers he wrote during an all-nighter almost always received higher grades than the ones he spent weeks planning and revising. He didn’t know if there was any scientific basis to his theory, but he was convinced the more creative parts of his brain were unlocked under extreme stress.
So the quantity was coming along nicely. What about the quality?
He skimmed through the last couple of chapters. The prosaic prose was by no means his best work, but nor was it his worst. That nadir had been reached with his most recent novel, Flesh Without Blood. Now that was his worst, and he knew it. So did every critic that took the time to gleefully tear it apart.
The writing here was adequate, which was all it needed to be. It was good enough to hand over to Invisible Inc. and give them something to work with. From there, an editor would knock it into shape and make it publishable.
The narrative itself was stock-standard and unremarkable, and one he had churned out countless times before. Of his thirteen published novels to date, six featured a protagonist returning to their hometown after a prolonged absence, usually under duress or against their wishes. Nine featured a mentally unbalanced serial killer dispatching with the supporting cast one by one. Four of his books used a dream or nightmare sequence to foreshadow future events, and five had a subplot where the main character’s former flame was now dating or married to the book’s most objectionable character. It was the kind of story he could deliver in his sleep. One that could have come from a Langdon Pryce story app: enter the characters’ names, a stock villain with a dubious motivation, a ridiculous third act reveal, a payoff that was completely over the top and yet still somehow underwhelming, the often nonsensical final page twist, then three hundred and fifty pages of competently-constructed AI prose would be generated with the touch of a button. His bovine fans would still rush out to buy it and spend the next six months debating whether it was a return to form, his worst one yet, or the best thing he’d done since Bloodstain. Critics would still eviscerate it.
The story here was good enough; probably better than it had any right to be. This fact alone was enough to convince himself that it was time for his first drink of the day. It was almost five, and he deserved one as a reward for all his hard work.
He went downstairs to the bar he had set up, and he filled a crystal tumbler almost to the brim with Black Steer whiskey.
Black Steer had been his drink of choice in his younger years, mostly because it was the only whiskey he could afford when he was a starving artist, attempting to forge a career as a writer in between telemarketing shifts and pizza deliveries. These days he could afford any booze he desired; indeed, the bar was stocked with a variety of wines and spirits, ranging from bottles of Napa Valley Pinot Grigio worth hundreds of dollars to Japanese single malts worth thousands. But he preferred Black Steer, at least when he was working. This generic label twenty-five-dollar hooch kept him in touch with his humble roots, and it was an effective sensory mnemonic, reminding him of what it was like to be twenty-two, spending his nights and weekends filling notepads with ideas for stories that he would one day turn into novels. The very novels that would enable him to purchase luxury automobiles and prime real estate and a country retreat with a fully stocked bar. He would crack open the good stuff once the novel was completed.
He had several more crates of whiskey in the basement of his main residence that Black Steer had generously delivered after he’d mentioned them by name in several of his previous books. That was a trick he’d picked up a few years ago, and a dirty little secret among published writers – give the product a subtle shout-out, and a shipment would magically appear on your doorstep. Along with a range of alcoholic enticements, he had managed to score free designer sunglasses, expensive sneakers, high-tech electronic gizmos, and a wardrobe full of clothes, as well as complimentary holidays and hotel rooms. It was one of the peculiar things about being a celebrity – this was all stuff he could easily afford to pay for himself, but he derived a kind of perverted satisfaction in getting it gratis.
He often wondered how far he could push it. He’d heard of another writer being gifted an entire leather lounge suite, a monstrous high-def TV, and a complete home entertainment system – and this was a guy with about a third of Langdon’s sales. Maybe he should consider aiming higher and trying for something more ambitious. A big-ticket item, like a Lamborghini Huracán. He’d been thinking about buying one for some time, but he might try scoring a freebie first. If he had one of his characters drive a Huracán, and if the description was sufficiently flattering, there was a chance the Lamborghini marketing department might hook him up with one as a token of their appreciation, even if it was just a loaner rather than giving it to him outright. There could be some difficulty in figuring out how to introduce this particular element into the story – it might seem out of place for one of these simple homespun characters to drive around Krumbleton in a luxury automobile worth half a million dollars – but with a bit of creative licensing he was confident he could shoehorn in a reference.
He drank about a third of his glass, dropped in a chunk of ice, refilled, then headed back up the stairs.
He was at the door to the study when he heard his phone ring. He hurried across to his desk to answer it.
“Heyyy, how’s my superstar writer coming along? What’s rural life doin’ for the creative juices?”
The voice at the other end of the line belonged to Dominik Diamond. He was the head of his publisher, Invisible Inc.
“Rural life is great,” Langdon said, settling back into his chair. “Nice and peaceful here at the Zephyr Lodge. The perfect working environment.”
“Wonderful, wonderful. I told you that was a good idea. Didn’t I tell you that was exactly what you needed right now?”
Diamond tended to oscillate between two distinct modes: charming ally and thundering tyrant. He was in the former mode right now, but the latter was only ever a misspoken word or perceived slight away. 
“It’s good to get away from all the ‘distractions’ in the city,” Diamond continued, employing his preferred euphemism for groupies and blow. “Knuckle down and get some real work done.”
He appeared to have this image in his head of the Zephyr Lodge as a tiny wooden cabin nestled away in the forest with an open fire and moss-covered A-frame roof, situated walking distance from a picturesque lake brimming with trout. It was actually a two-story, eight thousand square foot architectural monstrosity, dumped on top of what was once fifteen acres of pristine wilderness. It had seven bedrooms and a jacuzzi. Langdon had parted with three million dollars to purchase the place four years ago. At the time he had romantic notions of penning his novels in his country hideaway, but that urge faded several months after he bought it. He had only visited the place a handful of times since.
“I appreciate the call Dom, but there’s no need to check up on me,” Langdon said. “I’m getting plenty of work done. I’ve enjoyed two very productive days so far. You have nothing to worry about.”
“Why would you think I’m worried? I’m not worried, L. I have complete faith in you. You’ve never let us down. And I know I said I wouldn’t bother you while you were working, but I just wanted to make sure everything was okay.”
“Everything’s great. I’m finishing up on a last-minute polish. In a week’s time, as promised, the completed Horrorshow manuscript will be in your hands.”
There was an audible sigh of relief. “That’s fantastic news,” Diamond said. “And if it takes longer, that’s fine too. If you need two weeks, three weeks, four – whatever, the book will be ready when it’s ready. You can’t rush genius. I’m an artist’s number one supporter, you know that.”
Langdon wondered how supportive Diamond would be if he knew the truth – that two days ago, the novel was nothing more than a working title and a shoebox filled with random notes and vague story ideas he had scribbled down over the past month and a half. If he found out that he was attempting to write the entire thing from scratch in one week, it would probably give him another heart attack.
“One other thing I wanted to talk to you about,” Diamond said. “I’m not mad or anything, but in future could you not give anyone my contact details without asking me first?”
Langdon kicked off his shoes and stretched out his legs. “Sure, as long as you promise not to schedule any more interviews without asking me first,” he said.
“Ha. Touché. And up yours, too.”
“I take it Leonora Bevan is still bothering you?”
“If you call a dozen messages in the last four days bothering me then yes, she has been bothering me. The woman certainly is persistent.”
Leonora Bevan was a journalist Langdon had spoken to for a phone interview earlier that month, although “journalist” was a generous term for someone who wrote for a website called OMGMonkeys.com. The site billed itself as a “central hub for pop culture, politics and millennial living”, but after a few minutes of browsing Langdon saw that its content was mostly made up of arbitrary lists and recaps of popular television shows.
Dominik Diamond had persuaded him to do the interview. Langdon resisted, but Diamond pushed hard, insisting he was in a make-or-break phase of his career, and he needed to build pre-release hype in the lead-up to Horrorshow. Diamond didn’t know anything about OMGMonkeys.com, only that his teenage daughter and her friends were always talking about it, and he had heard this was how young people consumed information these days, via the web and social media rather than through traditional media outlets. He seemed oblivious to the fact that there was precious little overlap between a typical OMGMonkeys.com reader and the demographic that purchased Langdon Pryce novels.
Langdon, on the other hand, was all too aware that the site’s readership considered him to be about as relevant as VHS or Hootie and the Blowfish. He was fully prepared for Leonora Bevan to be hostile when they spoke, and for the published article to be a spiteful hatchet job heavy on mockery. He knew this because he had gone through her Twitter feed and her previous contributions for OMGMonkeys.com prior to the interview. She had written and tweeted about him several times, and never in a favorable light. One of her articles, written a year earlier upon the release of Flesh Without Blood, carried the title “We’ve Read The New Langdon Pryce Novel So You Don’t Have To”, where she described his book as “a floating garbage patch in a sea of mediocrity”. Her most recent tweet about him from a couple of weeks ago compared him to an ageing former boy band member performing at a county fair, desperately trying to relive his heyday.
On the day of their phone hook-up, she didn’t even try to hide her contempt. Every question she fired at him was a loaded one: What did he think about people who labeled him a sellout? How had the dire reviews of Flesh Without Blood affected his writing? Did he feel guilty for selling so many books when more talented authors toiled away in obscurity? Did he believe his ongoing success was a sign of the dumbing down of society?
He had to bite his tongue with that last one. He chose not to point out that the woman asking the question was a contributor to a website that churned out dross like “12 Signs Keanu Reeves Is A Member Of The Illuminati” and whose articles were often made up of animated gifs.
He had suffered through this kind of indignity numerous times over the years. Ninety percent of the article had been written before a word was exchanged, the journalist only requiring a handful of new quotes so it would qualify as a profile rather than an opinion piece.
He tolerated this for as long as he could, and he reminded himself of their respective positions in the social hierarchy – he was a multimillionaire author, enjoying a level of success countless others would sacrifice their firstborn for, while she either lived in near-poverty or with her parents, relying on the fractions of a cent she received per click for income. He had won first division in life’s lottery, while she had to make do with participation ribbons. He shouldn’t let her get to him. 
But she did, eventually. She wore him down. It was her unrelenting condescension, and her smug holier-than-thou attitude. It was the way she implied that he had cheated his way to success – the success that she felt she was entitled to as a member of the young modern indie elite. It was the realization that there was no reason why he had to put up with this a moment longer. He was going to have some fun with her.
“I just want to say, Leonora, I’m a big fan of your writing,” he said as the interview drew to a close.
“Oh, uh, thank you.” A short silence followed. The statement was meant to confuse her, and it had the desired effect. “So ... you’ve visited OMGMonkeys.com?”
“No, not that. I meant your other writing. Alter Egos.”
The sound of her jaw dropping was almost audible down the phone line. “You’ve read Alter Egos?”
“I have. I came across it a few months ago. I just sort of stumbled upon it by chance. You know how sometimes you pick up a book at random and hope it’s as good as it looks?”
In his Googling of Leonora Bevan he discovered that, in addition to churning out frivolous clickbait for infantile websites, she was an aspiring author. This hardly came as a surprise; in his experience, the more bitter and contemptuous a journalist was, the greater the likelihood that they kept a manuscript-in-progress somewhere in their bottom drawer that got pulled out periodically in the vain hope of publishing success.
Leonora Bevan’s Alter Egos was released three years ago, and was available to purchase through an online retailer. There were seventeen customer reviews on the site so far. Langdon’s lowest-selling novel was They Want My Soul. This had 1,277 reviews on the same online retailer.
The plot, as far as Langdon could ascertain from the blurb, centered on a twenty-something woman named Lilyana – an obvious author surrogate – and her struggles to make her mark on the world in the year following her graduation. It dealt with life, love, friendship, money woes, crappy apartments, unhealthy relationships, disapproving parents and menial low-paid jobs with new media startups. It was the kind of solipsistic, navel-gazing, plotless, semi-autobiographical story that every too-serious writer feels the need to inflict on the world during their mid-twenties.
“What did you like about it?” Leonora asked nervously.
“I loved the way you were able to combine brutal honesty with dark humor,” he said. “It’s always tricky to get the balance right, but you handled it well. And the story itself – I thought it was a heartfelt portrait of a young woman discovering herself in the modern world. It felt so relatable. The reader really falls in love with Lilyana.”
He was quoting one of the customer reviews almost verbatim. According to their profile, this was the only review that customer had ever left – a sure sign it was written by a friend or a family member.
“Wow. That’s ... wow. I don’t know what to say. Thank you.”
She was obviously flustered. Langdon could have left it there, but he was unable to help himself. He kept going.
“So what are you working on next? Anything new in the pipeline?”
“Um, yeah. There’s this other thing I’ve been trying to get finished for the past couple of years. I’m about halfway through.”
Half a novel in two years. Langdon almost snorted at this amateur’s lack of discipline.
“The reason I ask is because Dominik Diamond, he’s the president of Invisible Inc., and he told me to let him know of any new talent that I might come across. He said he’s looking for something a little more refined than the genre stuff they usually put out. I think your work might be just the thing he’s talking about.”
“Do you really think so?” She sounded like she was trying not to cry.
“Oh, definitely. He’s always on the lookout for the next big thing. I’ll give you his details and you can send him your work when it’s ready.”
He knew this was petty and mean-spirited, but what was the point of wealth and fame if you couldn’t dangle it in front of a desperate mortal for your own amusement? Besides, his objective had been achieved. A few minutes ago, Leonora Bevan’s article would have been fifteen hundred words of cattiness and spite. Now there was no chance of it being anything less than fawning.
“Just remember that Dominik Diamond is a busy man, and he doesn’t have the greatest attention span either,” he said. “So don’t be afraid to pester him. If you want him to notice you, you’ll need to stay in the forefront of his mind.”
Langdon was inordinately proud of himself for coming up with that part.
“You know you can just block her, right?” Langdon said to Dominik Diamond, taking another sip of his whiskey.
“I’ll do that as soon as the article goes up,” Diamond said. “Hopefully your diabolical scheme comes off and we’ll get some decent press out of it.”
“Oh, I’m positive we’ll get some decent press out of it.”
The call ended a couple of minutes later. Langdon stood up from his desk, and he took a moment to review the notes and cards he had plastered across one of the walls in the study. He had spent the last six weeks jotting down story ideas on scraps of paper and writing out brief scenes on index cards. He now had them arranged in something approximating chronological order. 
He shifted a few cards around, and he added some more post-its with new ideas. It looked messy, and it would be incomprehensible to an outsider, but there was an organized chaos to it all. He still wasn’t entirely sure where the story was going, but he’d work all that out in due course.
After a moment to figure out what point he was at in the story and where he was going next, he returned to his desk and typed the opening sentence of chapter six: Law enforcement of every stripe had converged on the area ...

Chapter Six

Law enforcement of every stripe had converged on the area. For the third time in fifteen minutes, Riley recounted his version of events to a police officer scribbling away on a notepad. His story remained unchanged every time he told it: he had returned to the hotel to rummage through Doug’s car for his stash of pharmaceuticals, only to discover the dismembered priest stuffed in the trunk. Except he told them it was his missing phone he went looking for, and not Doug’s pills.
Now more than ever he needed to be medicated, but that ship had well and truly sailed. A stiff drink would be the next best thing. Unfortunately, the bar staff weren’t venturing this far away from the venue to take his order, and the police had told him to stay put until further notice. Even a cigarette would help; those nicotine cravings had returned with a vengeance. If only he hadn’t tossed the packet he had purchased earlier from the gas station, thinking he was doing the right thing by avoiding temptation.
He looked around to see if anyone else was lighting up. No one was.
Shelley argued with the officer who was trying to question her and Doug, over by the main entrance. She was doing all she could to bluster her way through, demanding to know what was happening to their car and why it was being towed, but to no avail. She tried to get Riley’s attention by waving her arms around and calling his name. A selective deafness prevented him from hearing.
He moved away from the crowd to give himself a moment of peace.
It wasn’t long before this unexpected and lurid turn of events began tapping away at the back of his mind. In a weird way, he wondered if he was somehow responsible for what had happened. He had only been back a few hours and already tragedy had befallen the town. One minute Father Hyden was officiating his sister’s wedding, the next he was disassembled and packed into the back of a Mercedes like an Ikea bookshelf. He knew there was no logic to any of this, and that his presence had nothing to do with what had taken place, but he still couldn’t shake the feeling that the two events were somehow connected in a cosmic sense. It seemed everywhere he went, trouble was never far behind. He had brought his bad vibes with him. He was Krumbleton’s unlucky charm.
Across the road, a man stood watching.
He first noticed the stranger a few minutes ago. He assumed it was just another nosy passer-by who had stopped to snoop on the unfolding drama. It soon became obvious that he was looking directly at Riley, and not at the police activity. Riley discreetly moved from one side of the car park to the other. The stranger’s gaze followed him every step of the way.
He kept one eye on the man, studying him without letting on that he knew he was being watched. He was a person of Asian origin. He would have guessed he was about fifty. Fairly diminutive, no taller than five-six, with a stocky frame. He wore a checkered shirt, a tweed flat cap and wire-framed glasses. It wasn’t anyone he recognized.
The sky darkened as the sun slipped behind a cloud. The wind picked up, and the temperature fell several degrees in a few seconds. Riley felt a shiver pass through him, just as he heard footsteps approach from behind.
“Hello, Riley.” A gruff voice caused him to tense up.
He spun around to find two men in long coats the color of mushroom soup sizing him up. Both were cops. They each had a steaming coffee in their hands and a stern look on their face. The white-haired one he knew. His name was Detective Durant. The younger of the two, the one with a face like an Easter Island statue, was someone he had not had the pleasure of meeting until now.
He looked back across the road. The creep watching him had vanished.
“Long time no see,” Detective Durant said, sipping his hot beverage. “Whatta you say you and I have a little catch-up?”

He was dumped into the small aluminum chair courtesy of a hard shove from Detective Durant. He held his balance and, despite his shackled hands, managed to avoid tumbling face-first onto the floor. This was a favorite move of the veteran detective, and one he had employed many times throughout his thirty-eight year career: put enough force behind the shove for the suspect to feel it, and to let them know who was in charge, while still remaining a whisker shy of police brutality.
The interrogation room hadn’t changed in the decade-plus since he was last hauled in here. It had the same overhead light swinging from a chain that Durant would surely use at some point to shine in his face as an intimidation tactic. The table was still pockmarked with indentations and divots, impressions left by the foreheads of slow-witted suspects who didn’t know not to provoke a frustrated and hot-headed law enforcement official in a room where the cameras were known to fail. The place still reeked of Brylcreem and old man sweat.
The two detectives stood before Riley with folded arms, one on either side of the table. Only then did he notice how small the chair was. Had it always been this low to the ground? When he was sitting like this, even an average-sized cop appeared to tower over him.
“Is all this really necessary?” he said, looking at the cuffs around his wrists. “I have come here voluntarily. There’s no need to treat me like a criminal.”
Detective Durant leaned into Riley’s personal space, hands balled into fists. He rested his knuckles against the table.
“Let’s get one thing straight, Haig,” he snarled. “A lot has changed around here since you last showed your ugly face. The open sewer of Krumbleton has been expunged, once and for all. In its place we have built and nurtured the respectable community we now know as fone.ONE. Me and my team, we’ve cleaned up this town and hauled out the trash, one lowlife at a time. Now I don’t know what your intentions are in coming back here, but if you think I’m gonna stand by and let you waltz back in and resume your criminal activities, you’re sadly mistaken.”
Riley took in a short breath. He resisted the urge to backchat. “I’m just here for my sister’s wedding. That’s all.”
“Just here for my sister’s wedding,” Durant parroted back at him. “You expect us to believe that?”
“Believe what you want, but I haven’t done anything wrong.”
“We’ll be the ones to decide if you’ve done anything wrong, son,” the long-faced cop said. Riley had since learned his name was Detective Montgomery. He was in his mid to late thirties – a little too young to be calling him “son”.
“Well, have I? If I have, please, charge me and we can take it from there. Because if you have nothing to charge me with then you’ll have to let me go.”
“Maybe we’ll charge you with loitering,” Durant said.
A snigger spilled out before Riley could catch it. “Loitering? That’s the best you can come up with?”
“We charge plenty of creeps around here with loitering. More than you might imagine. Just last week, we cautioned your buddy Callum Dorfman for loitering around the restrooms at the bus station.”
“But I wasn’t doing anything wrong. I was minding my own business when you two came along. I’m actually a key witness to a serious crime, in case you forgot.”
“Loitering is being in a place,” Montgomery said. “That’s the definition. Go look it up.”
“Oh, so now you can charge people just for existing? That’s a new one.”
“How about this?” Durant circled Riley, moving around the room in a clockwise direction. “We’ve received word of a new drug syndicate operating in the area. Our source has informed us of a substantial methamphetamine hand-off that’s due to take place sometime in the next week. But I suppose that’s all just a coincidence, happening right when you return to town.”
“You wanna tell us what you know about that, loiterer?” Montgomery said. He was moving in an anticlockwise direction.
Riley wondered if circling the room in opposite directions was an interrogation technique meant to disorient him. If so, it was a pretty ineffective one. The whole thing came across as comical, like they were walking off pins and needles.
“I told you, I don’t know anything,” he said.
“You don’t know anything about any drug ring?” Montgomery said.
“Nope. This is the first I’ve heard of it.”
“That’s not all we heard,” Durant said. “There’s been increased chatter about car stealing rackets, something about charity scams. Even talk of underground cock-fighting tournaments. Maybe that’s more your scene?”
“Is that it?” Montgomery said, leaning in close to Riley’s ear. “Are you part of a cock ring?”
Maybe it was because so much time had passed since his last brush with the law, but this situation appeared to be turning more farcical the longer it lasted. It almost felt like he was the target of a hidden camera prank show. These two weren’t behaving anything like how proper cops were supposed to behave. They were more like a couple of amateurs performing the way they thought hard-nosed detectives acted, using information gleaned from trashy Hollywood movies and episodes of Law & Order.
“I don’t believe this,” Riley said. “There’s a homicidal maniac going around chopping people up, but instead of focusing your attention on that, you drag me in here to ask me about poultry fighting? You understand how ridiculous that is?”
Both detectives stopped moving. They simultaneously crossed their arms, glanced at each other, then uncrossed and turned back to Riley.
“What do you mean a homicidal maniac has been chopping people up?” Montgomery said.
Riley didn’t respond right away. It took him a moment to realize that was a genuine question.
“I’m talking about whoever killed the priest,” he said. “I’ve noticed Damien Crothers hanging around today. You might want to start by having a word with him.”
“And what makes you think the death was a homicide?” Durant said.
“You know something we don’t?” Montgomery said.
“You’re right, that was presumptuous. For all I know, he could have died from natural causes.”
Durant and Montgomery traded knowing smirks; the kind of look cops give one another when they know the suspect they’re dealing with has a couple of loose screws.
“Forensics are investigating the sudden death of Father Hyden, but at this stage there are no signs of foul play,” Montgomery said. “So how about you do us all a favor and keep your little conspiracy theories to yourself.”
Riley was unable to stop himself from laughing in the face of such mounting absurdity. “Unbelievable. After all this time, you guys are still as effective as a ... as a paper umbrella.”
He was about to say they were as effective as a circular firing squad, but he managed to put the brakes on that comment in the nick of time.
For as long as he could remember, the Krumbleton police force were known derisively as the Circular Firing Squad, a nickname well-deserved due to their reputation for general incompetence. There were countless examples of them shooting themselves in the foot over the years, whether that be staff misplacing evidence, the mishandling of simple cases, the wrong suspect being freed by mistake, and the one officer who lost two toes during a training exercise when his weapon discharged and he literally shot himself in the foot.
But Riley knew better than to provoke them. Their Keystone Cops reputation had always been a sore point – with Detective Durant, especially – and the table bore enough forehead indentations already.
“You think so, wise guy?” Durant said, jabbing his finger in the air. “Let me tell you something. There is no ‘homicidal maniac’ on the loose. I say that with complete confidence. Thanks to the fine work of the fone.ONE police force, we are officially one of the safest communities in the country. You’re more likely to be killed by a vending machine in this town than by a criminal. And in the unlikely event of an actual murder, the perpetrator would be apprehended within twenty-four hours. Montgomery here –” He gave a nod in the direction of his younger partner. “– is the most perceptive law enforcement official ever to pull on a uniform. He transferred to this precinct four years ago, and in that time he’s helped us close the book on every cold case from the past fifteen years. Not only that, he also identified the killer in the song ‘Hazard’ by Richard Marx. Nothing gets past him. Not one thing.”
Riley’s gaze moved from one cop to the other. He didn’t know what was happening here. Nothing about this interaction felt normal. A Kafkaesque situation. Although, having never read any Kafka, he wasn’t one hundred percent certain that was the correct use of the term.
“Are we nearly done here?” he said after a long stare-off.
“Almost. I just want to be sure I’ve made myself clear.”
Detective Durant snatched the overhead light by the chain. He held it in front of Riley’s face. The warm white light caused him little to no discomfort, thanks to the energy-saving LED bulb now installed. Riley played along and squinted into the glare as if he was being blinded. He would be out of there a lot sooner if he allowed Durant to believe these old school tactics were having some discernible effect.
“You can go to your little wedding tonight,” Durant said, his words laced with venom. “But by ten o’clock tomorrow morning, I want you out of here. You can even have your own police escort to see you off. And once you’re gone, you stay gone. Go back to whatever wretched hole you crawled out of. This is my town, and as long as I’m in charge, as long as air passes in and out of my lungs, you don’t come within a hundred miles of it. Mark my words, if I find out you have anything to do with that drug ring I’ll be all over you like that cheap suit you’re wearing.”
“Same goes for the cock ring, you hear?” Montgomery said.
“Detective, I’m doing my best to take this seriously,” Riley said. “But you make it very difficult when you keep saying ‘cock ring.’”
“So are we clear on that?” Durant released the overhead light. It swung back and forth on the chain, casting animated shadows across the room.
“Trust me, I have no intention of staying here a minute longer than I need to,” Riley said. “When I leave tomorrow, I don’t plan on ever returning. I don’t even want to be here now, to tell you the truth. So if you don’t mind ...” He lifted his shackled hands. “The sooner I’m out of the station, the sooner I’ll be out of your life.”
Durant held his stare a moment longer before fishing his keys from his pocket. The cuffs clicked open. Riley rose from the seat and made a move for the door, dodging the swinging light along the way.
He was two steps out of the interrogation room when a sudden thought caused him to stop. He stepped back inside.
“So who was it?” he said.
“Who was what?” Montgomery said.
“The killer in that Richard Marx song. You said you’d figured it out.”
Detective Montgomery glanced across to his senior colleague. Durant gave a small nod, granting him the all-clear to impart such sensitive information.
“It was Richard Marx,” Montgomery said.
“Really?”
“Yeah, really.”
“How do you figure that?”
“He gives himself away by changing his story. In the second verse, the part where Mary goes missing, he claims he wasn’t with her the night of her disappearance. ‘No one understood what I felt for Mary / No one cared until the night she went walking all alone / And never came home.’ Walking all alone – she went out there by herself. At least, she did in his initial version of events. But then later on in the pre-chorus he says, ‘I swear I left her by the river / I swear I left her safe and sound’. One minute he’s saying he was with her, the next he’s not. It doesn’t add up. Inconsistent testimony is a sure sign that he’s covering something up.”
Riley looked at the floor tiles for a moment as he contemplated this hypothesis.
“But what if he’s saying he was with Mary at the river? Say, late afternoon or early evening. He leaves her, a couple of hours go by, and then she goes for her final walk –”
Montgomery was quick to cut him off. “He doesn’t specify a time frame. In fact, he’s very cagey with the details, like he’s hiding something. I don’t know about you, but if I was a person of interest in a murder investigation I would make these things clear.”
“Hey, maybe you’re right. Maybe he is guilty. Maybe not. All I’m saying is you don’t have enough to charge him. Everything’s circumstantial. There’s not a jury in the world that would convict on such flimsy evidence.”
Riley pulled the door closed behind him after exiting the room. The sound of the aluminum chair slamming into the wall and Montgomery cursing in frustration followed him down the corridor.

Chapter Seven

A dull pain throbbed in Riley’s wrists as he moved through the police station foyer. He would probably end up with bruising tomorrow. Handcuffs never bothered him much when he was younger. He had developed a tolerance, his skin becoming calloused through repetition, the muscle and bone hardening over time. Now his body was soft due to years of sedentary office work and a transgression-free lifestyle.
The person of Asian origin was back again. He noticed him out on the street as he neared the exit. It was the same man he saw earlier; the one watching him at the hotel just after he came across the body of Father Hyden. The short fellow with the glasses and the tweed flat cap. He now stood outside the station, watching from across the road.
The windows of the police station were designed in a way that it was much easier to see out from the inside than vice-versa. As such, Riley could see the man, but the man had not yet seen Riley.
He slowed his pace before coming to a complete stop, and he pretended to read a notice on a bulletin board. He took a few subtle glances outside, trying to determine who this guy was and if he knew him. Trying to figure out if he was being followed.
He got a better look at the stranger from here. He was over by the telegraph pole.
There was something unusual about the man’s right hand. At first glance, it looked like he had one thumb and two fat fingers. He then saw that two sets of fingers – the index and middle finger, and the ring and little finger – appeared to be fused together. Perhaps they were webbed; it was difficult to tell from this far away. Whatever it was, he looked like he was giving a permanent Vulcan salute.
The automatic doors parted, and a group of six uniformed officers blew through.
Somewhere in the middle of the pack, a reluctant suspect was being dragged along, kicking and cursing, protesting his innocence and claiming his civil rights were being violated. He was a scrawny guy in his fifties with an unkempt biker beard, wearing dirty acid wash jeans and a faded Deep Purple t-shirt.
Another four cops trailed behind with boxes of evidence. Riley took a few steps back to give them some room. He stood against the wall and waited for the commotion to pass.
He took another look outside. The stranger was gone. He looked up and down the street in both directions, but he was nowhere to be seen. He debated whether to go out to look for him – maybe he could follow him and try to find out who he was. He decided to let it go.
“Riley?” he heard someone say.
He turned around. It was one of the officers that had just arrived as part of the group; a tall broad-shouldered guy with oversized hands and a sloping forehead that suggested he had Neanderthal DNA far in excess of the typical two percent for the average person. He carried a large cardboard box in his arms.
Instinct caused Riley to tense up. He’d already had two cops harassing him today for things he may or may not have done in the past. Now he had this guy on his case.
“You’re Shelley’s brother, aren’t you?” the cop said. “I’m Lyle.”
The cop wore a smile and an affable face, the kind that old ladies and schoolchildren would regard as trustworthy. He had that weird regional accent that some of the older inhabitants around here seemed to have, stretching out his r’s and speaking with a kind of exaggerated friendliness. Riley relaxed once he saw there was nothing confrontational about the situation.
“You’re Lyle Schultz, right?” he said.
The cop pointed to his badge with his chin. “It’s Officer Schultz when I’m on duty,” he said in a mock-serious tone.
He remembered him now. Lyle Schultz. A fairly simple, none-too-bright type of guy, but generally well-liked by those who knew him. Not that he knew him that well when he lived here. Everyone just knew everyone else around Krumbleton.
He was surprised to see him in uniform. The last time he was here, Lyle was a dishwasher at Hal’s Kitchen, a popular diner known for its cheap meals and lax hygiene standards. Prior to that, he worked the register at the local hardware store. The Krumbleton police force must have set the bar fairly low when it came to recruitment.
“Been a while since we’ve seen you around these parts,” Lyle said.
“I guess it has,” Riley said. He was beginning to tire of people making that observation. “I’m here for Izzy’s wedding.”
“Oh yeah, the wedding. Over at Legrand’s, right? We drove right past the place a couple of minutes ago.”
Movement and scratching came from inside the cardboard box. He caught a glimpse of the contents. Something black, white and furry.
“We just raided an illegal puppy farm on this property over by the old landfill,” Lyle said when he noticed Riley peering into the box. “Dreadful state of affairs. One of the worst cases of animal neglect we’ve come across.”
He lowered the box. Inside was a litter of dalmatian puppies, frolicking and climbing over one another. They looked purebred, which meant they were probably about as inbred as the owner they had just hauled in for questioning.
“Is that really the best use of resources?” Riley said.
“What do you mean?”
“I just assumed the police would have more important things to deal with right now.”
“This might not seem like a big deal to you, but puppy farms are in breach of the law.” Lyle was speaking as Officer Schultz now, stern and serious and by the book. “You’d be appalled if you saw how these animals were treated, and the terrible conditions they were kept in.”
“I understand that. I just thought the Father Hyden case would take higher precedence.”
“The Father Hyden case?”
“You know he was found dead in the trunk of a car, right?”
“Oh, that. Right. Look, I’m sure someone is looking after that. It only takes one person to write up a report for the coroner. Fairly straightforward.”
“No, I mean that he was obviously killed by –”
“Hey, do you need a ride back to the wedding?” Lyle began walking off toward the rear of the station. “I have to head back to the crime scene after I drop these guys off. I can give you a lift if you want.”
“Uh, sure. That’d be great.”
“I’ll be five minutes. Wait here.”
It was bizarre how the cops had adopted a “nothing to see here” attitude with regards to the slaying of Father Hyden. There may have been a valid reason for it – they might not want the details of the case to be made public just yet. Or perhaps the Circular Firing Squad were still as incompetent as always. Either way, it seemed odd.
He hung around the foyer as he waited, standing with his hands in his pockets, his eyes wandering around the place.
He looked over the flyers and public service announcements pinned to the bulletin board. There were a couple of wanted notices. He read through them to see if there was anyone he knew. He recognized one of the surnames on the board – Owen Snyder – but he didn’t think he was related to the Snyders that lived around here.
He took another look out the window to see if the stranger had returned. He couldn’t see him. Maybe he had imagined it, and he wasn’t being followed. Seeing the same guy twice in one hour may have just been a coincidence. He’d been haunted by this weird feeling of paranoia all day.
After a few minutes he took a seat.
His stomach groaned, reminding him that he’d barely eaten today; just an overripe banana that he grabbed before he left this morning, and some hors d’oeuvres back at the reception. He now had this insatiable craving for anything drenched in grease and salt – burgers, fries, pizza, chicken nuggets. This was just like before, with the cigarettes. This town was dragging him back toward his bad habits. He ate nothing but junk when he was younger, and his health suffered as a result. There wasn’t much about his current life that he considered mature or grown-up, but at least he had a normal, sensible adult diet.
There was a clock on the wall directly across from him, above the general enquiries desk. The digital display showed the date and time. It was now 4:37 p.m. on 25 March.
He blinked several times to make sure he had read that right. He took out his phone to confirm this was in fact the correct date.
Today was 25 March. For a few seconds he had trouble breathing.
How had he not noticed this until now? Even when he received the wedding invitation, the significance of the date failed to set off alarm bells.
Surely it didn’t mean anything. Surely not. It was a weird coincidence and nothing more. A really weird coincidence, but that was all it was. These things happen from time to time.
He told himself not to read anything into it, but he knew he would.

Chapter Eight

Wouter Haig started Haig’s Transport with a five-thousand-dollar bank loan and one 1963 B Model Mack truck at the age of twenty-nine. He spent the next thirty years building the business to a fleet of hundreds with offices located across the region. Upon his retirement he handed the reins over to his eldest son, Francis Haig, who continued to expand and modernize. Haig’s Transport grew to become one of the most successful family-run businesses in the area.
Francis and his wife Eileen raised three children: Shelley, Riley and Isabelle. Shelley had inherited her father’s and grandfather’s drive and business acumen. She worked for Haig’s Transport for twelve years before accepting a high-level position in the insurance industry. Isabelle was a hard-working overachiever, and a popular community-minded straight-A student. She also joined Haig’s Transport, and was being groomed to one day take over the business.
That was a role originally earmarked for Riley, but his father soon realized this was unlikely to happen. He was the odd one out among the Haig siblings, with far less academic ambition than his sisters, and he showed little inclination to lead that kind of life his family had mapped out for him. In fact, he showed few signs of wanting to do much of anything with his life. His parents were never quite sure where they had gone wrong with him, although they first noticed a change in his behavior around the age of thirteen.
That was when he encountered Rhys Henderson and Robbie Hersh at Krumbleton High. Rhys had grown up in Krumbleton, although he had attended a different school prior to that. Riley had seen him around town a few times, but he didn’t know him that well.
Robbie Hersh and his sister Megan were new to town. They had moved to Krumbleton after their mother had remarried.
The three met on the first day of the new school year. The students in the class had been seated in alphabetical order, a plan devised by their teacher to make it easier for her to remember their names. It was a decision she would soon regret.
The three R’s – Riley, Robbie and Rhys – immediately clicked and formed an inseparable bond, in and away from school. They had the same initials, they were all the middle child of their families – although in Riley’s case, this was only by a matter of minutes – and they possessed an uncanny ability to bring out the worst in each other. This was something their parents could never understand. Their sons had all been well-behaved up until that point, or at least as well-behaved as most parents of boys that age could hope for, but somehow they became a three-headed monster of misbehavior in each other’s company.
What began with truancy and prank-calling in early adolescence progressed to minor vandalism and shoplifting. Next came the more serious offenses in their mid to late teens – property damage, breaking and entering, possession of stolen goods. A few minor assaults. Multiple arrests. Some low-level drug dealing. Theft of a motor vehicle. Stealing from their employers.
Riley began working part-time at a local supermarket when he was seventeen. He would often unlock a back door and keep watch while Robbie and Rhys made off with boxes of stock. Rhys had a job at the pharmacy across the road where he would skim pills from customers’ prescriptions, replacing three or four with aspirin or vitamin supplements and stockpiling his stash until he had enough to sell.
It was likely the trio would have continued along this path of delinquency until one of two things happened: either they would grow out of it as they matured, or they would be caught doing something serious, threatened with a harsher penalty, and scared straight. They may have been troublemakers, but they were far from lost causes and unlikely to become hardened criminals. All were from stable families, and their crimes were mostly small-time misdemeanors, non-violent low risk/low return ventures that rarely netted more than a couple of hundred dollars apiece. They liked to talk up their outlaw credentials among friends, but that was mostly empty bluster. They were medium-sized fish in a small pond.
They would have gone on to lead normal, predictable lives had they not crossed paths with a man by the name of Monte Hutchins.

The residents of Krumbleton knew almost nothing about Monte Hutchins; most unusual in a town where everybody was across everybody else’s personal history and daily goings-on. He moved there in the mid-nineties, but in the time since he’d had little interaction with any of the locals. Those who encountered him used terms like cantankerous, crotchety and eccentric when describing the elderly resident. He dressed like he stole from charity shops, and he had the hygiene and grooming habits of a dumpster-dweller. The strangest part was that he was obviously well-off. He lived alone in a two-story, six-bedroom turn of the century mansion, or what passed for a mansion in Krumbleton. The townsfolk could only speculate as to how he had accumulated or inherited such a fortune. His secluded lifestyle meant rumors and whispers were inevitable.
Nineteen-year-old Riley Haig was one of the few to get a first-hand glimpse into his life. His job at the supermarket required him to make occasional deliveries to invalid and housebound customers, one of whom was Monte Hutchins. As soon as he set foot inside the house, it became apparent the guy was even wealthier than many suspected. From the antique furniture to the gold and silver trinkets lining the shelves and the artwork mounted on the walls, it was clear that everyone had seriously underestimated just how rich he was.
The other unusual thing was that the deliveries were always paid for in cash. As soon as Riley had carried the groceries in and handed Monte the invoice, out came the wallet bursting with a thick wad of notes. He tried not to stare, but that wasn’t always easy when there was an old man fumbling around with what looked like thousands of dollars right in front of him.
The thought of swiping the wallet had crossed his mind. It would not be difficult; he could wait for him to put it down, orchestrate some sort of distraction, then slip it into his pocket when his back was turned. Monte was old, his mind was not always there, and he would probably assume he had misplaced it.
But he decided against this, for two reasons. Firstly, if the wallet went missing immediately after he’d visited the house, it would be obvious who took it. Secondly, if Monte carried that much around with him, he must surely be keeping a larger amount elsewhere in the house.
Riley made seven visits to the house over a four-month period. From the third visit on he began taking mental notes – cataloguing valuables, identifying vulnerable points of entry, memorizing the layout of the place, listing possible locations for a safe. He used his phone to surreptitiously take photos.
He devised a plan, along with Robbie and Rhys, drawing from the intel he had collected from his months of deliveries. He created a list of potential items of value for them to target, and he sketched a rough blueprint of the house. They all purchased plain black clothing to wear. Riley sourced the masks they would use to conceal their faces.
The trio of budding felons staked out Monte Hutchins’s house every night for three weeks to establish his evening routine and determine the optimum time to strike. Ideally, they would have waited for the homeowner to vacate the premises before attempting a break-in, but Monte’s hermit lifestyle meant they would be waiting a long time for that to happen. However, after a few nights of observation a pattern emerged. Monte’s first drink would be at around four p.m., and his last was about eleven p.m. The volume of the television allowed them to make a rough estimation of his intoxication: the more he drank, the louder it became. An assortment of pills would also be ingested throughout the course of the evening. 
Rhys had encountered Monte Hutchins via his job at the pharmacy, and he would sometimes have the job of filling out his prescriptions. He did this enough times to know that Monte had an appetite for certain pharmaceuticals; Fentanyl, Vicodin, Xanax and Ativan among them.
Through their observation they discovered that Monte had a somewhat cavalier attitude toward the reading of warning labels on his medication – specifically, the advice about not combining them with alcohol. He would often overindulge to the point of unconsciousness, lapsing into a near-comatose state from which he could not be roused. To test this hypothesis, Robbie would ring the doorbell and pound on the windows at some point after midnight, but there would never be any response. Monte was out cold and off in another dimension, where he would remain for hours. They were confident in their ability to slip in and out without disturbing him.
On 22 March, Riley made his seventh and final delivery to the house. When Monte hobbled off to fetch his wallet, he unlocked a window in the laundry.
Three days later, they made their move.
At first, everything went as planned. As the skinniest of the three, Rhys was given the job of squeezing in through the laundry window. Once inside, he crept to the master bedroom and put his ear to the door. Monte was snoring like a hibernating bear.
He unlocked the front door. Riley and Robbie hurried in, and they went to separate parts of the house.
Forty-five minutes later they reconvened at Riley’s car, each lugging a heavy-duty garbage bag filled with valuables. A quick inventory of their haul showed that they had collected potentially thousands of dollars’ worth of items including watches, jewelry, silverware, ornaments and antiques. They had also netted a significant volume of prescription medication, along with a small amount of cash – about four hundred dollars in bills that Robbie had discovered under a stack of books. The main stash remained elusive.
The robbery had Rhys and Robbie trembling with exhilaration. This was such a crazy idea, the boldest thing they had ever attempted, and they had pulled it off. Now they wanted to get out of there.
Riley had other ideas, and he let them know.
“Dude, we have plenty,” Robbie said. “We must have five or ten grand worth of stuff. It’s enough. Let’s get out of here before he wakes up or somebody calls the cops.”
Riley shook his head. “He has cash in there somewhere. More cash than any of us have ever seen. I’m sure of it. We’re not leaving until we find it.”
“Don’t you think we should quit while we’re ahead?” Rhys said.
“We’ve gone this far. It makes no sense to back out now if we don’t get what we came for. We still have enough time. He’ll be asleep for another six hours, at least.”
There was a drawn-out silence.
“I don’t think we should get too greedy,” Robbie said.
“It’s not being greedy, Robbie, it’s being practical,” Riley said. He was forceful with his words, becoming more adamant as the other two grew more timid. “This could be our one and only chance at a score this big. If we walk away now, we’ll always regret it. We’ll remember that one time where we almost made off with ten, twenty, fifty thousand in cash, or however much he has in there, but we lost our nerve and wimped out. There won’t be any second chances after tonight, either. He’ll upgrade his security once he finds out he’s been robbed, so it’s now or never. What’s it gonna be?”
Concerned glances were exchanged between Rhys and Robbie. They were thinking the same thing, but neither wanted to be the one to say it.
“Alright, fine.” Riley pushed the car door open. “I’m going back in. You two can do what you want, but I’m staying until I find that money, even if I have to tie up the old man and beat it out of him. And when I do find it, don’t expect me to split it three ways.”
He pulled his mask down and returned to the house without another word. The other two followed a couple of minutes later; Robbie first, and Rhys shortly after that. He knew they would. They wouldn’t leave a friend behind – or all that money.
Riley resumed searching in a room at the front of the house. It was a sunroom that Monte Hutchins used to store boxes of miscellaneous junk – books, dinner sets, old shoes, boxes of videocassettes. Monte appeared to have significant hoarding tendencies.
His foot landed on what felt like a loose floorboard. He peeled back the rug covering it and lifted up the board. He aimed his flashlight inside. There was an old metal box down there, slightly smaller than a shoebox.
He shook off the dust and cobwebs. A few solid hits against the corner of the windowsill broke open the rusty lock. He found no cash inside the box, but he did find three small handguns.
His initial reaction was one of frustration. He wanted the money, not these useless old guns. It had to be around here somewhere, but he was running out of places to look.
Frustration turned to curiosity. These weapons looked pretty old, perhaps forty or fifty years old, and they appeared to be in decent condition. Not quite old enough to be considered antiques, but there would probably be collectors willing to pay a decent amount for them. Four or five hundred apiece, maybe.
He had only just stashed them in the bag when his train of thought hopped onto a different track. If Monte Hutchins owned these three guns, he wondered, how likely was it that he kept other firearms in the house? Firearms that were more modern – and more accessible. Ones that were not hidden beneath floorboards. Ones that he kept within reach.
In his mind, his recollection of that night was crystal clear, a perfectly preserved recording of events exactly as they unfolded. But he knew that a person’s memory was never completely reliable, especially years after the fact, and that even though he remembered that first gunshot decimating the silence immediately after he pondered the possibility of further weapons in the house, it was likely that it happened at some later point.
The one thing he did remember with complete clarity was the all-consuming panic that overwhelmed him immediately following the sound of that gunshot, the kind of dissociative fear that people caught in natural disasters and terrorist atrocities were said to experience. 
He ran. Through doors and hallways and more doors, running like rabid pit bulls were snapping at his heels. He was lost and he couldn’t find his way out, and then he somehow ended up on the lawn outside, alone, with no sign of Robbie or Rhys. They couldn’t wait any longer and had left him behind. Or they were still inside. He didn’t know; he wasn’t thinking straight, and he had no idea how much time had elapsed.
The car was still there. He sprinted for it and dived behind the wheel. It took four excruciating attempts before the engine turned over. The tires tore up the mud and grass as he sped off into the night.
The last thing he remembered seeing was Robbie in the rearview mirror, sprinting down the middle of the road and shouting for him to stop.
In the years since he kept asking himself why he didn’t go back. That was something he never had an answer for. He just planted his foot, and it was the last he ever saw of his two best friends.
He didn’t know where he was headed, only that he would probably never return to Krumbleton, and he had no idea how it could have all gone so wrong. Had they lost track of time and forgotten how long they had been there? Had Monte indulged slightly less than usual and was awoken by their presence? He would never know for sure.
Nor would he ever know what happened to Rhys.
He was reported missing by his family in the days following the disastrous robbery attempt. They called around his friends to see if they had heard from him, but no one could help. As far as anyone could tell, he had vanished into thin air.
After two weeks in hiding, Riley’s conscience got the better of him and he made an anonymous tip-off regarding Rhys’s possible whereabouts. The police arrived at Monte Hutchins’s place and took a cursory look around, but found nothing out of the ordinary. Just a frail old man living alone in an empty house. Monte did mention that he’d spotted a group of teenagers hanging around a few weeks earlier, but they took off as soon as he switched on the outside lights. He informed the police that no property damage had been sustained, and, to the best of his knowledge, nothing was stolen. He also advised that he had since installed a new security system.
The investigation into Rhys’s disappearance was little more than a box-ticking exercise, with the police going through the motions with minimal effort. They assured his family that most missing persons cases resolved themselves in their own time. They questioned known associates, but none could offer any clue as to his abrupt disappearance. Robbie was hauled down to the station, but he claimed to have no idea where Rhys was. His hostility and evasiveness suggested he knew more than he was letting on.
Detective Durant also paid a visit to Riley’s place. His parents told him the truth. They said that he had called a few days ago to advise them of a work opportunity that had arisen in a neighboring town – and by “work opportunity”, they assumed that meant he was off partying with the reprobates he was known to hang out with. Durant instructed them to have him get in touch with the police as soon as he came back. He knew there was likely more to the story, and that it was a pretty huge coincidence for Riley to leave town right when his friend had gone missing, but he lacked the resources and the inclination to investigate further.
Riley never did return to Krumbleton, and he kept making excuses as to why he couldn’t come back. There was just no way he could ever face the town again. Not after what he had done. The mere thought of it caused him to break out in hives. He came to accept that he would have to make a new life for himself somewhere else.
He emptied his bank account and sold the items stolen from Monte Hutchins’s place. He used a fake ID to offload the valuables to pawn shops and antique stores, cashing in thousand-dollar items for a couple of hundred bucks or less. The store owners knew desperation when they saw it, and were more than happy to take whatever he was offering off his hands. The prescription drugs were much easier to shift; they were as good as hard currency in some places.
He found short-term work and a place to stay. He lived there briefly before packing up and moving on – a process he would repeat every six to eighteen months, never remaining too long in one place. He could have gone to his parents for money, but that also would have involved answering their questions. That was something he was not prepared to deal with.
Eight years after he left, he accepted Shelley’s offer of an entry-level job at Xakli Insurance. It was a fleeting moment of weakness, but it did result in a small amount of stability returning to his life.
The Haigs never discussed Riley’s abrupt departure from Krumbleton, and the excuses he made not to return. Whenever he spoke to them, they didn’t press the issue, but they weren’t completely oblivious. They knew the night he left town was also the night that Rhys disappeared, and there was the possibility that the two events were connected. They convinced themselves that he had nothing to do with it, because that was what they wanted to believe.
Following a short investigation, and taking into account the kinds of circles Rhys was known to move in, the police concluded that people like him occasionally had the misfortune of crossing paths with the wrong people and were never seen or heard from again.

Chapter Nine

The main street of the township now known as fone.ONE drifted by on the other side of the car window. In that moment Riley was seventeen again, being chauffeured through Krumbleton in the back of a police cruiser. He had slipped into a weird kind of time warp; all these landmarks and familiar locations flashing before him, monuments from his youth not seen in a decade, even though it felt like he was here just last week.
Little had changed beyond the name of the town. The one major difference was the massive fone.ONE office tower the company had erected a few years back, shortly after the announcement of the sponsorship deal. It was eleven stories high, making it almost twice the size of the town’s next tallest building. Like the Eiffel Tower in Paris, it was visible from virtually every point in the township. The thing stuck out like a cold sore on the landscape.
“Sorry about making you sit back there,” Lyle Schultz said, speaking through the metal grille that separated them. “Don’t take it personally.”
“It’s fine,” Riley said. “I’m just grateful for the ride back.”
The car went over a pothole. He had to brace himself to avoid bumping his head against the roof.
“If it was up to me, I’d let you sit up front. But, you know, it’s not up to me. Station rules and all that. You know how it is.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Riley said. He absentmindedly cracked his knuckles on his left hand. Another old habit he thought he’d outgrown. “Anyway, I’m more familiar with the back of a police car than the front.”
He didn’t think his joke was that funny, but it still provoked a phlegmy chortle from Lyle.
Like every other cruiser he had been in – and he had been inside enough of them – this one had a stale fast food odor. He suspected that was the real reason he was not permitted to sit in the front seat. Rather than any official police protocol, Lyle didn’t want him to see the burger wrappers and empty thickshake containers scattered across the floor.
“So what’s the story with you and Detective Durant?”
“What do you mean?”
“What were you doing down at the station?” Lyle said, before catching himself. “Sorry, that’s none of my business. You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to.”
“No, it’s okay.” He paused for a moment as he considered how far he wanted to delve into his past misdeeds. “I don’t know. It’s been a while since we last saw each other, and I suppose he wanted to get reacquainted.”
Lyle glanced at him in the rearview mirror. “There’s a history between you two?”
“That’s one way of putting it. I’ll say this much: the old man hasn’t mellowed with age. That’s for sure.”
“Don’t I know it!” Lyle chuckled again. Laughter came easy to him. “Boy, don’t I know it. I’ve been on the receiving end of his wrath more times than I care to recall. But he’s not that scary once you get to know him. That crotchety old copper act is mostly just for show. And it’s an emotional time for him, too. This is his last week before retirement.”
They came to a set of traffic lights, one of only six in the district. Lyle flicked a switch to activate the lights and siren. The surrounding traffic came to a standstill, and the cruiser sailed through the intersection. He shut them off as soon as they were through.
“How’s that sister of yours doing?” Lyle said.
“Shelley?” Riley shrugged. “The same, I suppose.”
“I haven’t seen her in ages. Couldn’t tell you the last time. Me and her actually go way back.”
“Uh-huh,” he said, not really listening.
He took out his phone, the one Nicola had given him earlier that day. He tapped at the screen, hoping to give the impression that he had something important to take care of, and Lyle would stop trying to force conversation upon him.
Lyle failed to take the hint. He was one of those people with a compulsive need to smother every silence with words.
“What’s she doing with herself these days?”
“She works for Xakli Insurance. She’s director of operations there. Don’t ask me what that means.”
He didn’t really know anything about his sister’s job, other than it paid well and she wielded enough influence to get her layabout brother a job there. Beyond that, he had no idea.
“Married? Kids?”
“She’s married. Twelve years now. No kids, though.”
“We actually used to date, me and your sister. Back in high school.” Lyle failed to indicate as he drifted into the next lane. “Another lifetime ago, that was. Did you know that?”
“Um, no,” Riley said. “I did not know that.”
This revelation definitely came as a surprise – not only because he knew nothing of Shelley’s boyfriends prior to Doug, but also because that would make Lyle significantly younger than what he’d assumed. When he first saw him tonight he would have guessed he was nearing fifty, but if he and Shelley attended school together, that would put his age closer to thirty-eight. Here was the Krumbleton effect writ large: the majority of the town’s population aging at an accelerated rate due to an idle lifestyle and a highly processed, nutrient-deficient, sugar- and carbohydrate-heavy diet. He could only imagine what he would have turned into, and the kind of life he would have led, had he not left town when he did. He’d probably look middle-aged by now, with a hairline receding at the same rate his gut was expanding. If he managed to stay out of trouble he’d likely be working for Haig’s Transport in some capacity, and he’d be the one married to Megan. If not, he’d probably still be at the supermarket and been responsible for one of Laura Blackman’s four children.
“I suppose you could say Shelley was my first proper girlfriend,” Lyle said. “We were together almost two years. But then one day she just ups and leaves town without telling me. Or telling anyone. Completely out of the blue. No goodbyes, no nothing. She came back though, a couple of years later, but it was never the same between us. She’d moved on with her life, and I’d moved on with mine. She’d put on weight, too. A lot of weight. I didn’t even recognize her the first time I saw her.”
Riley looked up from his phone. “Why are you telling me all this?”
“I don’t know.” Lyle let out a wistful sigh. “Just making conversation, I suppose.”
Lyle poked at the car stereo. An audiobook began playing. It was Flesh Without Blood, the most recent release from Langdon Pryce, as read by Ian McKellen.
Riley had always assumed he and his older sister were about as different as two siblings could be, but after learning that Shelley had also left town at some point during her teenage years, he wondered if they had more in common than he first thought.
He wasn’t sure he could recall the time Lyle was referring to, though. Shelley was nine years older than him, which meant he would have been about eight or nine when she went away. He had only vague memories of that period, so it was possible, but he couldn’t be sure. Another void in his memory.
The cruiser turned right into Piper Street. A group of surly teenage boys leaning against BMXs eyeballed the car as it passed, triggering more déjà vu. That was Robbie, Rhys and himself fifteen years ago, spending their Saturday nights looking for trouble, and more often than not finding it. Hanging outside the convenience store until the owner threatened to call the cops. Riding around empty car parks in stolen shopping trolleys before pushing them down the hill and into the creek. Generally bemoaning the lives they were wasting in this oppressively boring town. Good times.
They pulled up out the front of Legrand’s a few minutes later. Lyle opened the back door to let Riley out.
The first thing he noticed was Damien Crothers, over by the main entrance, a little further down from a huddle of smokers. He watched him for a moment. Damien was a bundle of tics and twitches, with vibrating eyeballs and a jaw like a gyroscope, barely able to hold still for more than a couple of seconds. The usual junkie mannerisms. This was the third time he had seen him today. He didn’t know why he kept showing up here, but he knew he wanted him gone.
“Hey Lyle, um, Officer Schultz,” he said. “Do you know Damien Crothers?”
“I’m all too familiar with Damien, unfortunately,” Lyle said. “Why do you ask?”
“I can see him hanging around over there, behind those shrubs.” He pointed Damien out without being too obvious about what he was doing. Damien was trying and failing to blend in with the guests. “He was here earlier. I don’t know what he wants, but I don’t think he should be here.”
Lyle nodded. “I’ll have a word with him. Give him a direct order to move on. If he refuses, I’ll charge him with loitering. That’s what we do when we have nothing else to charge them with.”

The volume of the music and chatter emanating from inside Legrand’s told Riley the wedding reception was now in full swing.
Megan was out by the entrance. She was chatting with an older couple that he did not know. She appeared happy from this distance, breaking out in a chirpy laugh every few seconds, listening as the couple took turns recounting a humorous anecdote. She always loved social occasions. Weddings in particular.
The laughter dried up when she spotted Riley over by the police cruiser.
He felt like he had been caught spying on her, even though he had only been there a short while. A small panic came over him. It was too late to hide or pretend he hadn’t seen her. He made half a step to move in another direction, until he realized how obvious it would look that he was trying to avoid her. He had no choice but to keep walking toward her.
They hadn’t spoken since the day before he left Krumbleton. Ten years and one day without contact: no calls, no emails, no letters. He had wanted to call her up while he was back in town – he was thinking of her when he asked Nicola for coins at the gas station. But in the back of his mind, he knew he probably wouldn’t have found the courage to go through with it.
He came closer. She gave what he thought was a look of encouragement; something in her eyes that was barely perceptible, but a tangible sign that it was okay to approach. That was all he needed. His greatest fear was that there were open wounds, and that she still harbored resentment, but that didn’t appear to be the case.
The older couple noticed him coming their way. He may not have known them, but they seemed to know who he was. They made their excuses to leave to give them some privacy.
Finally, he and Megan were face to face. She looked good, maybe three or four years older than the last time he saw her. Definitely not ten years older. Or perhaps he had already made the mental adjustment, and his memory of her had aged as the years passed, the way that movie stars never seem to age until you see them in an old film and realize how different they used to look.
The most excruciating four seconds of silence passed before one of them spoke.
“They told me you were back,” Megan said.
Riley nodded. “Just for the wedding.”
He’d lost count of the number of times he’d uttered those words today: I’m just here for the wedding. It always came out like an apology, as if he needed to assure everyone he wouldn’t be sticking around too long and would be gone from their lives soon enough.
“Shame you can’t stay longer,” she said.
Her tone was inscrutable. He couldn’t tell if she was amiable or hostile.
“It is a shame,” he said. He looked to the ground, avoiding her gaze to mask his insincerity, even though this made him appear more disingenuous. “I’d love to stick around, but I have to head back home. Work stuff. You know how it is.”
He was seriously floundering now. This was conversational dental surgery, with every sentence punctuated by a nervous facial twitch. It was so painful that he lowered his defenses long enough to say the one thing on his mind. Something he may not have said otherwise.
“I’m so sorry about Robbie,” he said.
Megan nodded, but she didn’t say anything. His words were like a hard slap to the face. She took a quick breath, doing all she could to hold it together.
“I only just found out,” he continued, scratching a phantom itch on the back of his neck. “If I’d known earlier, I would have been at the funeral.”
He wondered if she could tell he was lying. It wouldn’t have been difficult, since he was never any good at it. Maybe she already knew – Izzy was the one who had called to tell him about Robbie the day after it happened, and she may have passed this on to Megan. Although she didn’t react when he said this, so maybe not.
“Losing my brother was a huge shock,” she said with no small effort. “Well, it was and it wasn’t. He had really spiraled these last couple of years. You probably wouldn’t have recognized him if you saw him. He became a different person. So his death didn’t come completely out of the blue. But at the same time, nothing can ever prepare you for it.”
Riley had to assume that one night ten years ago played a large part in Robbie’s mental turmoil, especially given that he had suffered through something similar.
“I wish I could have done something to help,” he said. He knew this was a meaningless platitude, said only to fill space, but it was all he could think to say.
“Me too,” Megan said.
He wanted to say more, but he couldn’t find the words. As hard as he tried, it was impossible to encapsulate a decade’s worth of regrets and bad decisions into one stuttering conversation. He wanted to explain why he had left so suddenly, and how it was all his fault and had nothing to do with her, but now was not the time. 
More than anything, he wanted to know what could have possibly gone wrong for her to end up married to Callum Dorfman. He would never come out and ask her that, of course, mostly because he feared there was a direct link between his departure and her marriage. If he hadn’t abandoned her the way he had, she may never have married Callum. Maybe he had devastated her to such an extent that she subconsciously sought out his complete opposite. Someone who wasn’t going to run out on her.
Or perhaps it was a little narcissistic to assume he’d had that much of a lasting impact on her life.
Lyle Schultz arrived just in time to put an end to the mounting discomfort.
“Riley, I’ve spoken with Damien,” he said. “I told him to beat it. He won’t be bothering you anymore.”
“Damien Crothers?” Megan said.
Lyle nodded. “He’s been hanging around. But don’t worry, he’s gone now. I made sure of that. I doubt you’ll be seeing him again tonight.”
“But he’s right behind –”
What played out over the next few seconds happened so fast that those present were still discussing it days later as they tried to establish the correct sequence of events.

Chapter Ten

No one was really sure how Officer Schultz’s weapon ended up in Damien’s hands. It was assumed he had swiped it from the holster when Lyle had his back to him, although to do this he would have needed to display a degree of speed and agility few imagined him capable of.
Once he had possession of the gun, he lunged at Megan. He grabbed a handful of her hair and violently yanked her head back. The muzzle of the gun was jammed into the underside of her chin.
The shock and the suddenness caused Megan to scream out in terror. All eyes turned their way. Damien now had everyone’s undivided attention.
Lyle’s hand went to his empty holster, oblivious to the fact that his weapon was no longer there.
“Alright, everyone back up or this bitch gets her head blown off!” Damien shouted.
The only thing more alarming than his behavior was his appearance. A visible sheen of sweat coated his face. His skin was sunburn-red, and his eyeballs protruded half an inch from their sockets.
“Whoa, whoa, Damien.” Lyle’s hands were up and his palms were out in an effort to mollify him. “Take it easy there, buddy. Don’t do anything stupid.”
“Shut up! Nobody come near me and nobody try anything! I mean it.”
Everyone did as they were told, taking a backward step. Damien was lost in a deep drug psychosis, and he obviously meant business.
“Let’s not do anything you might regret,” Lyle said. He tried to sound calm and in control, but he was clearly uncomfortable being the authority figure in such a precarious situation. He was out of his depth, terrified by what Damien might be capable of – to say nothing of the disciplinary action he would face for carelessly losing his weapon.
“I’m only here for one thing, and then I’ll leave.” Damien pulled the gun away momentarily as he wiped his face against his sleeve. “I want to speak to Callum Dorfman.”
A murmur passed through the crowd. Callum was somewhere inside the venue. Within the space of one tense minute the message had been relayed and Callum was summoned.
“Damien ... please ... what are you doing?” Callum said when he saw him holding a gun to his wife’s head.
“I don’t want to hurt no one, but I’m gonna hurt a lot of people real soon if you don’t take responsibility for what you did to me!” The words tumbled out of Damien, like he had to force them out before they were lost in the chaos of his mind. “Your pretty wife will be the first to get it.”
“Responsibility? What are –”
“Don’t act like you don’t know what this is about!”
“I mean it, I have no idea –”
“I’m talking about that rumor, Callum!” Damien’s rage was incendiary. Streams of sweat poured down both cheeks. His dirty green polyester shirt clung to his body like shrink wrap. “The rumor you started! What else would this be about?”
“I swear, I don’t know anything about any rumor!”
“If you don’t stop playing dumb there’s gonna be serious repercussions. I promise it will not be pretty.”
“But, but, I –”
“Come on, Callum,” an unidentified voice called out from somewhere in the crowd. “Just admit it. Everyone knows you started that rumor.”
The rumor dated back to when they were teenagers. It was suggested that Damien was flunking several classes in ninth grade and, in order to avoid repeating a year, was given a passing grade in exchange for sexual favors with the school’s principal, Mr. McAllister. The principal had left abruptly to teach at another school midway through the previous year. Some saw this as evidence that his misconduct had been exposed, and that the school board had quietly moved him on in an effort to sweep the matter under the carpet.
“Alright, alright, it was me!” Callum said. “I did it! But ... it was just a joke! I didn’t expect anyone to take it seriously.”
“Just a joke?” Damien’s face bordered on crimson now. His body temperature was so elevated that steam appeared to be rising off his skin. “Do you have any idea what your little ‘joke’ did to me? It ruined my life! That’s no exaggeration. Everywhere I went, people were whispering and making jokes about me. Every single day. That went on for months. And then one day Craig Edelman took it too far, and I just snapped. I smashed him across the face with a bike lock, and I kept hitting him and hitting him until he’s in hospital and I’m in youth detention. What chance did someone like me have after that? My life was over, all because you wanted to make a stupid joke.”
“I’m sorry!” Callum said. “I was a dumb kid! I didn’t know any better! Kids are always doing horrible things to each other.”
“You were hardly a kid, Callum,” Amber said. “You were seventeen. Old enough to know better.”
“And we heard you repeating the rumor, like, an hour ago,” Jeremy said.
“Fine, I admit it! I admit everything! I’m a terrible human being, and I’m sorry! I’m so sorry! But Megan hasn’t done anything. Please, I’m begging you, let her go.”
“I’ll let her go eventually,” Damien said. “But we’re only halfway done here. You need to come clean about one more thing.”
“Whatever it is, I’ll do it.”
Damien looked to the crowd. The number of onlookers had swelled over the past couple of minutes as word spread.
“Before we get to that, I want everyone here to take out their phones,” he said. “Callum has something he would like to share.”
A few were already filming. The rest did as Damien instructed. Soon, more than a dozen phones were pointed at Callum and Damien.
“I’ll let Megan go, and the two of you can live happily ever after, as soon as you tell everyone why you did it.”
“What?” A look of abject horror crossed Callum’s face.
“You heard me. Why did you start that rumor?”
“I ... I don’t know why. Because I’m an idiot. Because I was immature, and I was a bully. I didn’t think about the consequences of my actions. I don’t know how many times you want me to say it. I’m sorry for what I did!”
“Uh-uh”. Damien shook his head. “You’re not getting out of it that easy. There’s a specific reason why you started that rumor. Wasn’t there? So are you going to come clean?”
“But I don’t know what –”
“If you don’t say it, I will.”
“No, no, please –”
“Fine, everybody listen up. Back in school, Callum’s locker was next to mine. One day before class he was grabbing some books, and a gay porno mag falls out. I was there. It landed right next to my feet. I was the only one who saw it. There, your big secret’s finally been revealed. That wasn’t so bad, was it?”
“No! None of that is true!”
“So anyway, he freaks out. I’ve never seen anyone panic the way he did. He shoves me up against the lockers and says he’ll break every bone in my body if I tell anyone. And you know what, Callum? I wasn’t going to tell anyone. You didn’t need to threaten me. I was an immature teenager too, but I wasn’t about to ruin someone’s life for the fun of it. I’m not like you. To be honest, I thought it explained a lot about your behavior – your arrogant personality, and that fake bravado you put on. The way you walked around school like you owned the place. You were clearly overcompensating.”
“He’s lying!” Callum was close to sobbing now.
“But it wasn’t enough for you to threaten me, was it? You had to cover all your bases and get in first. And you did that by starting your own rumor about me. My name was slandered all over school so that if I ever did say anything about you, it would immediately be discredited.”
Callum cradled his face with his hands, hoping the ground would swallow him up and end his ordeal. Damien showed him no mercy. He kept going, pausing every so often to catch his breath.
“That’s probably why you spent the rest of your life compulsively fornicating with any girl who wasn’t fast enough to outrun you or sober enough to fight you off. So if anyone here is upset because King Callum didn’t call you back after he got what he wanted, or if he took advantage at your most vulnerable moment, it wasn’t personal. He was dealing with some pretty heavy stuff at the time, and on a lifelong quest to shore up his fragile heterosexuality.”
“This isn’t true!” Callum wailed.
“You always did seem to go for the real skinny girls, didn’t you Callum? I wonder what that was about.”
“No ... it’s all a lie! He’s only saying this to get back at me!”
“Callum, would you man up and admit it?” Amber screamed at him.
“But it never happened!”
“Who cares? Megan’s life is in danger and you won’t even admit to something that no one really cares about? Just say what he wants you to!”
“So I’m going to count to three,” Damien said, fighting now for every breath. His condition had deteriorated over the last few minutes. He looked like he was closing in on a heart attack. “Either admit that everything I said is true, or you’ll be scooping up what’s left of your wife’s head. What’s it gonna be?”
“Damien, no!” Lyle said.
“One ...”
Damien’s face was now lobster red, far beyond normal flushness. 
“Callum, just do what he told you!” Amber said.
“I didn’t ... it wasn’t my magazine, I swear ...”
“Two ...”
“Damien, please, put the gun down!” Lyle said.
Desperate pleas rang out from the crowd, begging Damien to back down. None of it got through. He was barely holding it together.
“Th –”
But he never made it to three. His arid throat had robbed him of a voice. His face became a grimace, and he doubled over as if he had been stabbed.
The gun slipped from his hand. As soon as it hit the ground, Riley lunged forward to kick it out of reach. The weapon went skittering across the concrete. In the same motion he grabbed Megan by the waist and pulled her away. She came free from Damien’s grasp and held on to him tight.
Damien fell to his knees, clutching his abdomen. His entire body shook, ravaged with pain.
He hacked out a savage cough. A puff of black smoke wafted from his mouth.
“W-what is that?”
Terror amplified by the second. He wrapped his arms around his midsection, as if this would somehow lessen the pain, but it had no effect.
“What is happening to me?” he said. “What is going on?”
No one in the crowd had any answers. They had never seen anything like this before. Nor had they seen anything like what was to come.
Damien’s body spasmed. Twin plumes of smoke shot from his nostrils. He let out one final excruciating scream.
There were shouts from the crowd to call for an ambulance, but it was far too late.
They all watched in horror as a single flame burst from the middle of his chest. It spread to cover his torso, before the rest of him ignited seconds later. They could do nothing but stand by helplessly and question if what they were witnessing was real as Damien became a human fireball. He thrashed around in agony, a bug fried under a magnifying glass.
The heat was so intense that Riley had to take several steps back. He was in a state of disbelief, with no idea of what had just happened.
He felt a nudge in his side. It was Selwyn, standing behind him.
“Spontaneous combustion,” he whispered. “I told you it was real.”

Chapter Eleven

The excitement and drama had subsided. The majority of guests had returned inside as the wedding formalities got underway.
For the second time today, police had converged on the scene of a shocking death in this sleepy regional community. A rookie cop had the unenviable task of cleaning up the mess left behind by Damien Crothers. He scooped up chunks of bloody gloop and charred remains with a shovel before dumping it into a 44-gallon drum.
“This is what happens when you murder a man of the cloth,” one of the cops was heard to say. He was an older gentleman, barrel-chested with hair a little too dark not to have been dyed. “The Lord incinerates you with a lightning bolt. You get exactly what you deserve.”
Lyle Schultz was still there, circling the crime scene and taking notes, trying to look like he was doing something useful. “You think he’s responsible for what happened to Father Hyden?”
“You were there, weren’t you Schultz?” the cop said. “The mad bastard was out of his goddamn mind. You really believe he’s not capable of something like that?”
“Well, no, he definitely seemed capable ...”
“Right. So who else is it gonna be? Case closed, in my opinion.”
Riley stood a short distance away, trying to listen in without being too obvious about what he was doing. He had to stop himself from interrupting to put forth his own opinion: Damien could not have been the killer. Or he was unlikely to be. He may have been unhinged, but his only conflict was with Callum Dorfman. He had no reason to harm Father Hyden. The real culprit was almost certainly still out there.
But he didn’t say anything. He had nothing to back up his hunch, and he doubted the cops would take anything he said seriously.
A member of Legrand’s staff unfurled a hose with a high-pressure nozzle, and the rookie cop washed away the residue from the concrete. Lyle and the other officer moved on to another topic; something about the theft of a horse float a couple of days earlier.
Riley put off returning to the reception for as long as he could before finally making his way back. He had given up on his plan of quietly slipping away to his hotel room. Maybe he would go inside now and make an early exit in an hour’s time.
He noticed Megan sitting alone on a bench over by the garden, eyes red and makeup smudged. It was clear there were still reverberations from the trauma she had just endured. The shock was yet to wear off.
He was in two minds about whether to go over to her. He still didn’t know where they stood, or if she was mad at him. Right now, she might just need to be left alone. Or maybe she needed someone to talk to.
On the plus side, at least the ice had well and truly been broken. They had made it through that initial awkward encounter, albeit due to extreme circumstances.
She noticed him looking her way. He couldn’t explain it, but there was a moment of telepathic communication where she let him know that it was okay. He knew she wanted him to come over.
He walked across and sat in the seat beside her.
“How are you feeling?” he said. 
She needed some time before she could answer. “I think I’ll be okay,” she said, the shakiness in her voice telling him this was more aspirational than definitive. “Eventually. I’ll be fine. I just need a couple more minutes.”
He wanted to ask if there was something he could do to help, or if he could get her anything, but he sensed the most helpful thing he could do right now would be to say nothing and sit with her. So that was what he did. It was a rare moment of good judgement on his part, and an unusually comfortable silence.
That was until something tipped her over the edge, and it all came spilling out.
“I don’t know what I’m going to do, Riley,” she said, her voice now a faint whisper. “My life is in ruins. This town is suffocating me. And I don’t know why I married Callum.”
The words seemed to tumble out before she knew what she was confessing to.
The news still had not completely sunk in: Megan married to Callum Dorfman. No matter how many times he heard it, it would never make sense.
He saw them arguing just after the incident with Damien. She was incandescent with rage, furious that Callum hadn’t done everything in his power to help when her life was in danger. Riley had never seen her so angry. Even then, Callum still didn’t seem particularly concerned that another man had come close to killing his wife tonight.
He hated himself for thinking this, and it was completely self-centered, but he derived a certain amount of satisfaction in knowing that Megan’s marriage was making her miserable. It killed him to see her this way, but at the same time he didn’t think he could handle it if she and Callum enjoyed some sort of picture-perfect life together.
“Getting married was a huge mistake right from the start,” she said. “We started seeing each other right after Robbie died. I was a mess, completely lost, and I think I was looking for something to grasp onto. He just happened to be the closest.”
She fell silent, but she didn’t need to say any more. He could figure out the rest of the story from there.
Callum had always had a thing for Megan, mostly due to the fact that she was one of the few girls who never paid him any attention. This of course made him want her even more. There was a litany of reasons why Riley hated Callum, but that one sat at the top of the list.
Over the next ten years, with Riley now out of the picture, Callum would have kept coming on to her at every available opportunity. She would have battered away his lame attempts, until her brother’s sudden death plunged her into an emotional vortex and she gave up trying to resist. Her defenses would have been lowered, and she would not have been thinking straight. That was exactly how Callum liked his women – weakened and vulnerable.
And then once he had her, he lost all interest.
“I’ve been doing my best to make it work,” she continued. “Trying to make the best of a bad situation. Trying to convince myself that I haven’t made the biggest mistake of my life. I don’t want to be one of those sad married couples that divorces in the first year. But he’s made it impossible. I know he cheats on me. He doesn’t even try hiding it anymore. And tonight he demonstrated just how much he cares about me.”
It wasn’t long before tears were flowing. Riley’s hand moved to hers. It wasn’t anything deliberate; it was just what felt right.
“Jesus, why did you have to turn up today?” she said in between sniffs.
“I’m sorry.” He pulled his hand away.
“No, you idiot. I’m glad you’re here. I’ve been thinking about this day for the past ten years. I just wasn’t prepared for it, and now it’s brought everything back up again. I thought I was over you, but now I’m not so sure.”
Her confession created a slight flutter in his heart. He didn’t know what to say. Once again, saying nothing appeared to be the best option.
“You did the smart thing by getting out of here when you had the chance,” she said, leaning over slightly and resting her shoulder against his. This unexpected contact sent a rush through him. “I don’t blame you for leaving. I should have done the same. Then I might have actually done something with my life, and I wouldn’t be in this situation.”
He thought long and hard about what to say next. This was almost everything he had hoped for, but Megan was in a distressed state. The dumbest thing he could do right now would be to take advantage of the situation.
“You’ve been through a lot,” he eventually said. “It might be a good idea to go home.”
“I think you’re right,” she said.
He called for a cab a few minutes later. They sat together as they waited for it to arrive, not talking too much, but enjoying being in each other’s company. It was a moment neither one thought would ever happen.
“It was good to see you again, Riley,” she said as the cab pulled into the circular driveway. “Despite everything that happened today, I’m glad you came.”
“I’m glad I came, too,” he said.
Tentative plans were made to catch up at a later date. Whether these plans would eventuate was another matter. He promised to check in on her once everything had died down, and he hoped for once he was telling the truth. Seeing her today had dredged up some long-repressed emotions. Regardless of their present situation, there was still something between them. It was undeniable. This was not the end of their story.
The cab drove off into the night. He watched the taillights as they faded from view.
He and Megan began dating when he was seventeen and she was sixteen. They kept it a secret for the first few months, although it was inevitable that it would come out. Robbie wasn’t thrilled when he found out, or at least that was how he behaved at the time. Riley suspected this was mostly just a performance, the thing you were supposed to do after discovering your best friend was dating your sister. Deep down, he doubted Robbie cared too much. In a town this size, the overlapping of friendships and romantic entanglements was unavoidable.
Even when they were together, he always felt that Megan was out of his league and she could have done a lot better. She certainly received plenty of attention from other guys, and not just Callum Dorfman. Guys who had more to offer, and with better prospects. But he never felt jealous or insecure; he just took for granted that they would always be together, and they were one of those high school couples with their paths already set out. In his mind, dating, cohabitation, engagement, marriage and children was a foregone conclusion, just as it had been for Jeremy and Amber. That probably would have been the case had it not been for the events of 25 March, ten years ago.
He left town that night without so much as a word of goodbye, and she had never been far from his thoughts since. He had contemplated calling her up from time to time. In those first few weeks, he was too scared to. Then, as time passed and life moved on, he was worried that he had left it too late. There were a few times where he did try calling, but he hung up before she could answer.
Megan was all he could think about when he was sitting in the car on the way to Krumbleton this morning, terrified at the prospect of running into her, but still kind of hoping it would happen. He had this absurd fantasy that, should their paths cross, the years would somehow melt away the moment they reconnected, and everything would miraculously go back to how it was. He berated himself for thinking such a thing was possible.
He never fully appreciated what they had until it was over. It was only after a string of failed attempts at relationships throughout his twenties that he noticed the mark she had left on him. He would find himself comparing every girlfriend to her, or the memory of her that lived on in his head. It was unfair to those other women; no one could ever measure up. He often wondered if he was misremembering or romanticizing the past, and that everyone felt that way about their first love, but after seeing her today he knew the truth. She was exactly as he remembered her, and more.
As well as causing the death of one of his best friends on this night ten years ago and abandoning another, he had left behind the best thing that had ever happened to him.

Chapter Twelve

Ashlynn Meadows had promised to be on her very best behavior at her cousin Wade’s wedding. Her mother had issued numerous warnings in the weeks leading up to the nuptials, reminding her that she was representing the family, and any uncouth behavior would reflect poorly on them in front of the Haigs. She made it clear there was to be no repeat of the infamous tequila-fueled skinny-dipping episode at her sister’s twenty-first birthday party a few months ago.
Ashlynn assured her mother that she understood. She would be the mature and responsible adult she knew she was capable of, and would carry herself with the utmost decorum and grace throughout the course of the evening. And yet she still somehow found herself in the back of a limousine, straddling a guy she had known for all of forty-five minutes.
His name was Gunnar. His father was the owner of the limo hire service booked by the wedding party. He was one of the drivers.
An empty bottle of Black Steer whiskey rolled around on the floor. Thirty Seconds To Mars blasted from the stereo. Ashlynn and Gunnar were all over one another like a couple of teenagers who had consumed a bit too much of the spiked punch on prom night, until Ashlynn pulled away.
“What’s wrong?” Gunnar said. He was more annoyed by the interruption than concerned for her wellbeing.
“I’m not sure about this,” she said, tugging at her dress to preserve her dignity and keep everything in place. “I’m afraid you won’t respect me in the morning.”
“Oh, don’t worry about that, my darling,” Gunnar said. “I don’t respect you now.”
Ashlynn responded with a shocked gasp and a playful punch to the shoulder. She pretended to be insulted, and he pretended the punch really hurt and that he was remorseful. It wasn’t long before they picked up right where they had left off.
Despite her recent history of public indiscretions she would never normally do anything this brazen, hooking up with a random guy at a family event, but tonight she was in an anything-goes kind of mood. Weddings could have that effect on her. Seeing Wade and Izzy tie the knot had stirred something inside her and made her re-assess her own life. Her first boyfriend had just become engaged to her former best friend. Her most recent boyfriend ended their relationship after his wife issued him with an ultimatum. She was twenty-three and single, and she needed to get back in the game. The only way to do that was to throw caution to the wind and recalibrate her standards. Stop waiting for Mr. Right to show up on the back of a white horse. She would try her luck instead with Mr. Alt-Right in the back of a white limo.
Gunnar’s hands moved with all the finesse and restraint of someone half his age in the midst of an erotic dream, cramming in as much groping and grinding as possible before the alarm clock cut short his nocturnal adventures. Ashlynn tried resisting a little, just enough to let him know she wasn’t that easy. A playful to-and-fro commenced; she would push away, and he would pull her back in.
“I think we need to take things slow,” she said.
“Huh?” The music was too loud for him to hear what Ashlynn had said.
It was also too loud for either one to hear the glass divider separating the driver and passengers lowering behind them.
“I said I think we need to slow things down,” she said, leaning forward and shouting the words into his ear. “Maybe we should wait until our wedding night.”
Gunnar looked at her like she had just disclosed an STI, until she collapsed into a fit of tipsy giggles.
“Yeah, right,” he said, laughing along. “Over my dead –”
Just then, every muscle in his body became rigid. He jutted forward, and his eyes shot open. He tried to speak, but a halting, gurgling noise was all he could manage.
“Gunnar?” Ashlynn said.
She grabbed him by the shoulders. He looked like he was in the grip of some kind of seizure. Only then did she notice the silver tip protruding from his throat, neatly bisecting his Adam’s apple.
The tip retracted. A mini geyser sprayed out from the unexpected tracheotomy incision. His body slumped forward, his weight falling against her. The life rapidly drained out of him.
The shock was so immense that she didn’t immediately notice the grinning white skull staring back at her from the driver’s seat.
When she did, she screamed. She pushed Gunnar off and made a lunge for the door handle.
She landed awkwardly as she tumbled out of the limo. Sharp rocks dug into her palms and pressed against her cheek. She felt no pain, only terror and adrenaline that forced her to keep moving. Her feet barely touched the ground as she sprinted for her life.
The limo’s front door opened behind her. She ducked down next to the closest vehicle. It was a Mazda MX-5, a convertible. She had the misfortune of choosing the smallest car in the entire lot to hide behind.
She took the risk of peeking back. The darkened figure had stepped out of the limousine and was moving toward her, taking large strides.
An oatmeal-colored van belonging to the wedding band was three spaces to her left. She crawled across, keeping as low to the ground as she could. The gravel chewed up her blood-sprayed six-hundred-dollar dress, and her knee landed in a small puddle of filthy water, but that was the last thing on her mind. She needed to get to the larger vehicle.
As soon as she made it she huddled into a ball, pulling her knees up to her chin, trying to make herself as small as possible. Her pounding heart rattled her ribcage.
In the near distance she heard the sound of gravel under boots; a sound that grew louder as the assailant moved closer. Every crunch sent jolts of panic rippling through her body. She squeezed her eyes closed, as if this would somehow make her invisible.
The footsteps stopped right next to her.
She opened her eyes. He was directly in front of her. With the exception of the ghoulish white skull mask, he was clad entirely in black. A gloved right hand gripped the handle of a hunting knife, a menacing silver blade with a set of jagged teeth at the end. It had been wiped clean, although streaks of Gunnar’s blood remained.
She could see him in the reflection of the window of the next car along. He was yet to notice her.
He was facing away, and he was slowly turning toward her. In a matter of seconds, he would be looking at the same vehicle she was. He would see her reflection as clearly as she saw his. It would be impossible not to.
Her eyes darted left and right, searching for a way out that she knew did not exist. There was nothing more she could do. She could try to run, but she was trapped, boxed in by the vehicles on either side. Her chances of escaping unharmed were minimal.
She could roll under the van and out the other side. But could she do this fast enough? It seemed unlikely. He could easily pounce on her and drag her out.
Her only remaining option was to scream louder than she ever had, louder than anyone ever had, in the hope of frightening him away or drawing attention to herself. Not that she placed a great deal of confidence in this plan, either. As far as she could tell, the car park was deserted, and this guy didn’t seem the type to be scared off by a screaming woman.
But she was left with no other choice. It was now or never. She filled her lungs with air and let out the loudest scream she was physically capable of.
Seconds earlier:
About two hundred feet from where Ashlynn was now, an inebriated wedding guest, one of Wade’s father’s business associates, stumbled through the dimly-lit car park. He had consumed a few too many scotch and sodas on an empty stomach over the course of the afternoon, which he now needed to sleep off in the back of his car. His bibulous head and the inadequate lighting caused him to trip on a patch of uneven ground, and he lost his balance. He fell into the side of a Buick and slumped to the ground.
The Buick’s alarm was triggered. Ashlynn’s scream was drowned out by the eardrum-shattering shriek. 
The man in the skull mask spun around. He stood there for a moment, looking over to where the interruption had come from, before taking off in that direction. A few seconds later, he was gone.
Ashlynn could barely believe her good fortune. A cry of relief slipped out. She watched her attacker as he moved further away, until he had vanished from sight.
There was no time for tears, as much as she wanted to bawl her eyes out. She had an immediate choice to make – stay where she was, or make a desperate run for it. Option number one did not appear to be too sensible. She had to get away while she could. The only question was to where. Her instincts told her to run back to Legrand’s, to the safety of family and friends. But that was where the maniac had wandered off to. For all she knew he had ducked down behind a car, ready to pounce the moment she let her guard down.
No. She had to get as far away from there as possible.
The main road was in the opposite direction, behind a row of pine trees. She could flag down a passing motorist. If there was no one driving by, she would keep running until she came to a house with its lights on. Get to safety and call for help.
She peeked around the corner again. There was no one around. A deep breath helped summon her every drop of courage.
She jumped up and ran.
Ashlynn was fast. She had always been an athlete, and had won several titles back in school. But tonight, she eclipsed her personal best. Not even inappropriate footwear, a form-fitting cocktail dress and a high blood-alcohol reading could slow her down. The terror propelled her forward, along with the basic human will to live. She ran until her lungs bled, and she didn’t dare look back.
She made it through the row of trees and onto the side of the road. Further ahead was a house with its lights on. There was movement inside, what looked like shadows through the windows. Someone was home. She ran toward that house. She was so eager to get there she didn’t think to check for traffic.
Her foot buckled as soon as she set foot on the road. Her heel snapped, and her ankle twisted. She hit the bitumen hard. She didn’t see the truck bearing down on her until it was too late.
Ashlynn and the truck’s brakes screamed in unison. There was no chance of it ever stopping in time. All she could do was clamp her eyes shut and brace for impact.
But the impact never came. Or she didn’t feel anything. The reason for this was not immediately obvious. There was the possibility that she had been killed instantly, and her brain did not have sufficient time to process any of it.
Darkness and silence.
Her eyes opened. Stars flickered in the clear night sky. She inhaled the harsh smell of diesel fumes. She couldn’t say for certain, but she felt very much alive.
She was on her back. She tilted her head back a few degrees. The truck’s bumper bar and brake lights were three feet above her. Gradually, it dawned on her what had happened. She wasn’t hit. She had fallen in precisely the right spot. The truck had passed over her without leaving so much as a scratch. This was nothing short of a miracle.
The door to the truck’s cab flew open. Heavy footsteps galloped toward her. The driver, a stout man with a lumberjack beard, appeared by the rear of the truck.
“M-m-miss?” he said. It was the voice of a normally unshakeable man who had just had the life scared out of him. “Are you alright?”
“I ... I think so?” Ashlynn said.
Only when she spoke did they both know for sure she was unharmed. The driver’s terror became pure relief. “Christ on a bike, woman! You scared me half to death!”
He exploded into guffaws of laughter. Ashlynn joined him, despite the grim circumstances. It was the only thing she could do, like it was some kind of emotional release.
A metallic groan brought an end to the laughter. It came from the back of the trailer. The doors bulged. The sudden braking had thrown the truck’s cargo off-balance, and it was straining against the weight.
“Move!” the driver shouted. “Move! Move! Hurry!”
Both could see what was about to happen, but they were powerless to do anything to stop it.
The lock snapped like a button popping on a tight shirt. The doors flew open. The cargo tumbled out of the trailer, and Ashlynn’s head was crushed by a six-hundred-pound Coca-Cola vending machine.

The ominous flicker of red and blue lured Riley away from the wedding reception.
He arrived at the entrance to find he was not the only one drawn to the lights. A curious gathering of stickybeaks had assembled nearby.
A trio of squad cars surrounded a white limousine at the far end of Legrand’s car park. Two officers unfurled a roll of yellow police tape, while a third snapped photographs. A little further on, a similar scene played out on the road around a semi-trailer. A vending machine was being loaded onto a trolley, while a body bag on a gurney was unceremoniously shoved into the back of an ambulance.
A disturbance growled in the pit of Riley’s stomach.
“What happened here?” he said to the group of onlookers.
“Two people are dead,” one woman said with a quiver in her voice. Riley recognized her as Barbara, a local beautician and hairdresser who achieved brief nationwide fame several years ago when she developed a nasty rash on her lower back that many believed was vaguely Jesus-shaped.
“Awful news,” Barbara continued. “Awful, awful news.”
He needed a moment to process this. Surely he misheard, or Barbara misspoke. “Two people? You mean two more people are dead?”
“Overheard some of the cops talking,” her husband Roger said, nodding in the direction of Officer Lyle Schultz and his cohorts. Roger experienced his own brush with notoriety when he became the country’s shortest-serving mayor, resigning four days into the job after it was alleged he attempted to solicit nude photographs from a young aide the night of his election victory. “Some guy got stabbed through the neck. The girl he was with got her head crushed under a coke machine. It’s a darned mess. Blood everywhere.”
“Oh my god,” another wide-mouthed onlooker said. “What do you think could have happened?”
“Cops aren’t sure yet,” Roger said, speaking with the assumed authority of an official police spokesman addressing the media. “But if you ask me, I bet it’s some kinky drug-and-alcohol-fueled sex game gone wrong. Young people are into some weird stuff nowadays.”
Four dead in the space of maybe three hours. Riley’s head was a whirlpool. This was beyond all comprehension. One of those deaths was a freak occurrence that he wouldn’t have believed if he hadn’t seen it with his own eyes, but the other three could only be the work of a deranged killer.
Whoever killed these two probably killed Father Hyden as well – not Damien.
“That’s crazy,” Barbara said. “It doesn’t even seem real. It’s like something out of a sick horror movie.”
“More like something out of one of them Langdon Pryce novels,” Roger said.
Riley spun around. He felt like he had been punched in the back of the head. “What did you just say?”
“What happened here tonight. It sounds like the kind of twisted scenario only one of them horror writers could dream up.”
The small crowd murmured in agreement.
And there it was. The truth hit him like an alcoholic stepfather.
The trauma moved through him in a wave. It began with a woozy head, and it rippled down through the rest of his body. When it reached his knees he became dead weight, and his legs buckled from beneath him.
The two onlookers either side grabbed an arm each to stop him from collapsing.
“Whoa, easy there young fella,” the man to his right said.
“Deep breaths,” the other said. “I know it’s upsetting to hear. It’s a lot to take in.”
“I’m fine, I’m fine,” Riley insisted, the blood slowly returning to his head. “Really, I’m fine.”
But he was not fine. Far from it. He was terribly distraught, although he was unable to tell anyone why.
He didn’t know where the idea had come from, or even how he knew this. One minute he was oblivious, the next the revelation appeared in his consciousness fully formed. It made absolutely no sense. It was completely ridiculous. Illogical. Preposterous. But at the same time, he knew it had to be true. There was no other possible explanation for what was happening here.
This was all part of a trashy horror novel.
He had distressing realization that his life, and everything in it, did not really exist. It was all black ink on white paper, the manifestation of some writer’s fevered imagination. He was nothing more than a character trapped in a work of fiction.

Interlude II

Zephyr Lodge – Thursday (Day 3 of 7) – 10:36 a.m.

Prior to today, four boxes in Langdon Pryce’s garage were yet to be unpacked. One of those four was now emptied, its contents spread haphazardly across the bare cement floor. Langdon was on his hands and knees, rummaging through the second.
It had to be in here somewhere. He knew he had packed it, but for the life of him he couldn’t remember which box he’d put it in. At least, he thought he had packed it. He was pretty sure. Ninety-five percent certain. Though he’d noticed he was becoming a lot more absentminded lately.
There was a first edition copy of Bloodstain, his debut novel, somewhere near the bottom of the second box. It was in mint condition, identical to how it looked the day it rolled off the presses. He didn’t even know he had packed this. He must have put it in by mistake.
He pulled it out, and a flood of memories came at him. He wasn’t usually one to indulge in sentimentality or pointless nostalgia, and he didn’t like to dwell too much on the past, but on this occasion he couldn’t help it. Seeing the now-iconic black and red cover transported him back seventeen years, to the first time he ever saw his own words printed and bound into a physical copy that he could hold in his hands. He remembered the overwhelming sense of pride he felt upon seeing his work on shelves at retail outlets across the country – first at the small independent bookstores, then at the larger chains, and then later at department stores and supermarkets as word spread and sales took off. The exhilaration of seeing it adjacent to the household names that would soon be his peers. It was a feeling of euphoria no drug experience had come close to replicating, despite the considerable time and effort he had invested over the years in trying to discover one.
His scavenger hunt was placed on hold for the time being while he sat cross-legged on the cold hard ground and flicked through the first couple of chapters. It had been years since he last laid eyes on this book – or any of his books, for that matter. When he was done with a novel, he was sick to death of it and never wanted to look at it again. This one had come out so long ago that he could barely even remember writing it. Casting his eyes over the words now was like stumbling across the work of an undiscovered writer. 
What surprised him more than anything was the quality – it was so much better than how he remembered. The novel may have been greeted with accolades and acclaim upon its initial release, but in his mind he’d always regarded Bloodstain as kind of amateurish, the one he came out with while he was still learning the craft. Reading it now, he saw it was imbued with something raw and special, an indefinable quality he hadn’t come close to replicating with his later releases. What it lacked in finesse it made up for in spirit. It was brimming with naïveté and youthful exuberance; the type of work that could have only sprung from the mind of someone who didn’t know what they were doing but just went ahead and did it anyway. Many years had passed since he last felt this kind of passion for his work, when he wrote for the sheer joy of writing, and not for the money or fame or ego or scoring free product. The young man who wrote that novel was a different person to the one holding it.
That was certainly a different person peering out at him from the back cover. The stylish black and white author’s photo was of a twenty-four-year-old who looked about seventeen, with dark brown eyes and soft, near-androgynous features, doing his best Brando or Dean impersonation. Profile pieces written at the time often remarked on his resemblance to a young Johnny Depp; others compared him to a young Demi Moore. His publisher didn’t hesitate in trying to capitalize on these marketable qualities. An expensive shoot was arranged with a fabulously flamboyant German fashion photographer, and the portrait on the back cover was comically huge, occupying almost two-thirds of the available space. He had reservations at the time, but they talked him into it, explaining how difficult it was to get anyone to take notice of the debut novel from an unknown writer, and that they should exploit every possible advantage to prevent the book from falling through the cracks. They insisted that, in the long run, any attention that came his way would work in his favor.
He did receive plenty of attention in those first few years – mountains of fan mail, countless websites devoted to him, appearances on those absurd “World’s Most Beautiful People” lists, as well as several stalkers and restraining orders – but what he didn’t anticipate was the damage it would inflict on his credibility. The pretty-boy taunt was one of many sticks that critics and other less-successful writers would use to beat him with for the next decade and a half. He was almost relieved by the way his looks were fading. The kid in the photo looked like Jailhouse Rock-era Elvis. The creature he saw in the mirror every morning was a few pizzas away from the white jumpsuit and Vegas residency.
His publisher initially wanted to put his photo on the front cover. He was grateful he at least had enough sense to draw the line there.
The mini biography beneath the photograph made him cringe almost as much as the photo itself.
Langdon Pryce is twenty-four years old, read the first sentence.
They went out of their way to emphasize his age. The world has always been preoccupied with youth, and everyone is fascinated by a wunderkind. The publishing industry was no exception – an average or above-average work from a young writer will always attract more attention than an accomplished work by a middle-aged writer.
He was born in Marseille, France.
This snippet of information was included to make him appear exotic when he was anything but. He was born during his parents’ extended European honeymoon, and he spent the first three weeks of his life in Marseille before they moved on. He had never returned, and the only French he knew were the lyrics to a Plastic Bertrand song.
He has lived in London and New York. Bloodstain is his first novel.
Now that was a bizarre inclusion. Not that he lives in London, or he lives in New York, but instead listing two notable cities he had briefly spent time in, as if this in itself was a significant accomplishment. Eight and a half million people live in New York at any one time, and a similar number in London. Residing in such a city hardly qualified as a major achievement. This was his publisher again, trying to play up the whole “precocious talent” angle by making him appear more cultured and worldly than he really was.
He took another look at the photograph before placing the book to one side. The press may have lauded him as the publishing world’s hottest new talent, but he was just an idealistic kid ill-prepared for what the world had in store for him.
He wondered what twenty-four-year-old Langdon Pryce would make of the forty-one-year-old he would grow into. Undoubtedly, he’d be impressed by the number of expensive toys he’d acquired over the years, as well as the size of his bank balance and the level of fame he’d ascended to. Whether he’d be proud of too much else was open for debate.
It took another hour to find what he had originally been searching for. Of course, it was at the bottom of the last box he opened, after he’d unpacked everything else and made a complete mess of the garage.
It was his Toole award. The one he’d won for Bloodstain, becoming the youngest ever recipient.

Last night was Langdon’s worst night of sleep in years. Hour after hour he tossed and turned, trying to fall asleep, drifting off for maybe ten or fifteen minutes before a twitching limb or a burst of electrical head space interference jolted him awake. Combining Adderall, a stimulant, with alcohol, a depressant, may not have been his brightest idea. But there was more to it than the simple misuse of substances. He could feel his conscience gnawing away at him; a tiny nagging voice in the back of his mind telling him to stop wasting his life and his talent. It wasn’t so long ago that he had the world at his feet, but between then and now – he couldn’t pinpoint the precise moment, but it was somewhere around his early thirties – he lost sight of his dreams and his values, and he began to accept substandard work. His sales were climbing, and every new release outsold the one before it. Hollywood types were falling over themselves to snap up anything with his name stamped across it. It went to his head far too easily, and before long he was content to churn out big piles of steaming garbage, just as long as there was a big pile of gleaming cash waiting for him at the end of it.
Twenty-four-year-old Langdon Pryce could have done anything after Bloodstain. He had the world at his feet, and the potential to become one of the most admired writers of his generation. But then his second novel, They Want My Soul, sold less than half of his debut, and he abandoned the idea of trying to write anything meaningful, choosing instead to abuse his gift in the naked pursuit of money and fame. Out with the complex characters and carefully constructed prose, in with the cardboard cut-outs, ludicrous plotting and sophomoric shock tactics. Even with Horrorshow, he had been more concerned with trying to score a free Lamborghini than creating anything he would be proud to put his name to.
He had become the Nicolas Cage of genre fiction: once lauded for his artistic fearlessness and extraordinary craftmanship, now reduced to pumping out an endless stream of over-the-top nonsense to pay for his Gulfstream jet and European castles.
Last night was a wake-up call. He wasn’t prepared to accept mediocrity a moment longer. Today was a new day, and page one of his second act. It was time to claw back his credibility and become extraordinary again. He needed to atone for the sins of the past and the second-rate refuse he had inflicted upon the world. He was determined to write a story he would be prepared to die for.
The Toole award went on his desk, to the right of his MacBook. On the left, he propped up the copy of Bloodstain he found in the second box. Both would be the inspiration he needed. They were irrefutable proof that, even if he no longer recognized the young man who wrote that novel and won that award, he had done it before. There was a time in his life when he had created something universally acknowledged as a vital and important work. It stood to reason that he could do it again, so long as the effort was there.
The book and the award would serve as his guiding lights, his North Star. He needed to regain the youthful hunger that he had before money and fame exerted their corrupting influence; the time before he pursued mainstream success to the detriment of everything else in his life. 
He settled back into his seat. He closed his eyes, inhaled deeply, and he commenced typing.
Two hours and three thousand words later, he stopped to read over what had just poured from the tips of his fingers.

“More like something out of one of them Langdon Pryce novels.”

“It sounds like the kind of twisted scenario only one of them horror writers could dream up.”

This was all part of a trashy horror novel.

He had distressing realization that his life, and everything in it, did not really exist. It was all black ink on white paper, the manifestation of some writer’s fevered imagination. He was nothing more than a character trapped in a work of fiction.

His ran his eyes over those last few paragraphs. He wasn’t sure where any of it had come from. He had just moved his fingers across the keyboard, and when he looked up the words were there. But he had to admit, he liked where it was going. It was unpredictable, and at least he wasn’t phoning it in. He was trying something different and creating what he hoped would be his most ambitious work in years.
Although he might want to reconsider that line about the alcoholic stepfather.
There was also the small matter of writing himself into his own story. That was something out of left field. He had included a few earlier references to “Langdon Pryce” in the story, but those were only intended as placeholders, and he’d just been using his own name to amuse himself. When he decided on a name for the fictional writer, he would fix it with a quick find and replace.
Now he had taken it a step further by creating a protagonist who was apparently self-aware, and one that existed in the same universe as the writer controlling him. That idea seemed to come from nowhere. He often wrote without overthinking it, just purging ideas from his subconscious, and the characters would end up doing something strange that he didn’t see coming. That was definitely one of the stranger ones. But that was what could happen when he was in the zone – characters and stories took on lives of their own, and the only thing he could do was transcribe their words and actions as they happened. He didn’t quite know what direction this story was taking, but he figured the best thing to do was just go with it.
That was how he preferred to work. He would come up with a basic idea for a story and allow it to germinate for a period of weeks or months. Very little writing would be undertaken during this time. He would jot down ideas on scraps of paper, or sometimes on index cards if he had the full scene mapped out. When he had gathered enough for a complete novel, he would arrange them in some sort of order and vomit out a draft in one long burst.
His story wall was in front of him in the study, directly in his line of sight for easy reference. It was a bare-bones outline that gave him a basic idea of where he was going, while still allowing plenty of room for surprises.
This would not be just another Langdon Pryce cash-in. He was creating something worthwhile and pushing himself harder than he had in years.
He thought about taking a break for lunch, but another surge of inspiration took hold. He knocked out a rapid two thousand words, only pausing when he saw the blinking light on his phone alerting him to new messages.
The first message was from Leonora Bevan, letting him know that her article would be up on OMGMonkeys.com by midday tomorrow. She added that she was now about sixty percent done with her next novel, which she hoped to have completed by June. He composed a friendly reply, encouraging her to keep going and telling her that he couldn’t wait to read it. He deleted the reply before he could send it.
The next message was from his girlfriend, Taliyah. She told him that she thought it would be fun if she paid a visit to the Zephyr Lodge. He didn’t really want her to come – the whole point of him being here was to isolate himself from all distractions and get some work done. He made a mental note to reply to her later today. If he responded immediately it would lead to a text-argument, which would suck up his energy for the rest of the day. He didn’t need that right now. He was on a roll, and he wanted to keep going.
The third and final message was from Dominik Diamond. “I don’t want to stress you out,” he began, an opening that could only do just that, “but there has been another instance of your books being tampered with.”
Langdon sighed to himself. Not this again.
It all began last year, just prior to the release of Flesh Without Blood. Due to a printing error, four pages from that book went missing, and were somehow substituted with four pages from an adult romance novel. They never found out how this happened – Invisible Inc. blamed it on human error, although Langdon suspected deliberate sabotage by someone at the printers. Fifty thousand copies of Flesh Without Blood had to be pulped as a result.
He assumed that would be the end of the issue. Unfortunately, the story was prime clickbait material, and it was quickly gobbled up by a hungry media. Soon, every half-witted TV host, radio mouth and media hack piled on to make the same highly original joke – that rather than detracting from the story, a passage of poorly-written out-of-context erotica would be a marked improvement for a typical Langdon Pryce novel.
The internet got involved and things quickly snowballed, as they have a tendency to do, and #PrycePorn began trending worldwide. People would borrow Langdon’s books from public libraries and return them with pages from an EL James or Sylvia Day novel pasted in. Next it was bookstores: pranksters would surreptitiously slip books of his onto shelves with a few rogue pages professionally inserted. This confused him as much as it annoyed him – why would anyone spend their own money to carry on a joke that was fast becoming old?
When it first started, he tried to show that he had a sense of humor about it, and he laughed along with everyone else, but by the hundredth or the thousandth time the joke had well and truly worn thin. Sadly, it showed no sign of letting up. This, he now knew, was a phenomenon known as “memeing”. As far as he could tell, memeing involved simpletons repeating the same joke over and over to compensate for their inability to come up with anything of their own. The type of person who, a generation earlier, would have shouted “Freebird!” at a concert.
He didn’t want to admit it, but the memeing irritated him more than it should. It had never been clearer what the public thought of him. He was like David Hasselhoff or Rick Astley or Nickelback, an easy punchline to a lazy joke. This was why he wanted to do better.
He read through the rest of Dominik Diamond’s message. Someone had apparently hacked into the databases of several online retailers and modified his ebooks. The retailers were working to fix the issue, but advised customers who had recently ordered a Langdon Pryce novel that they may have purchased a doctored copy.
A headline on OMGMonkeys.com declared “Hackers’ Next-Level Troll Of Langdon Pryce Is The Most Epic Thing You Will See This Year”.
He switched off his phone. He couldn’t allow something like this to affect him. Ordinarily it might, but today he had more important things on his mind.
It was almost three o’clock. He hadn’t eaten since breakfast, but he was in no mood to stop. A ball of creative energy shimmered inside him, just waiting to burst out. The writing gods were speaking, and he was listening.

Chapter Thirteen

Selwyn drove a champagne-colored late-model Vektehr. Riley didn’t know how he could afford such a vehicle on an orderly’s wage. It wouldn’t have been purchased with his payout money – it was common knowledge that Selwyn burned through his windfall pretty fast once it landed in his bank account. He was more likely to have somehow scammed a car dealership, the way he scammed that cereal company all those years ago.
It was now ninety minutes past sundown. The Vektehr’s high-beam headlights illuminated this desolate stretch of highway. The lights of the township were a faint glow in the rearview mirror.
A staggering thought came to Riley as he sat in the front passenger seat, gnawing on a fingernail: it was exactly ten years, almost to the hour, since he last traveled along this road. That was the night he left Krumbleton for what he believed would be the final time. Now he was leaving fone.ONE in a similar state of distress, and with a similar resolve never to return.
Selwyn was equally discombobulated, albeit for different reasons. He had agreed to drive Riley to Jura, a larger town located forty minutes east, on the condition that he pay for the fuel. He didn’t pry too much to begin with – Riley must have had a good reason for wanting to immediately leave his sister’s wedding. But a few minutes into the journey it all came spilling out, and his abrupt departure was explained.
“Just so we’re clear,” Selwyn said, still grappling with what Riley had unloaded on him. “You believe that you don’t really exist?”
“I don’t think I do,” Riley said. “Not in the real world, anyway.”
“And you’re saying I don’t exist, either?”
“That’s right.”
“So none of this is real. This car isn’t real. The road isn’t real. The town, our friends, our families – it’s all just an illusion. Have I got that right?”
Riley let out a quiet breath. “That’s the theory I’m running with. This is all kind of an artificial reality. That might not be the best way of explaining it, but I feel that ... I don’t know, like there’s a real world out there and we’re not a part of it.”
“And you believe that because ... we’re all characters inside a book?”
“I know it sounds insane,” Riley said.
“It definitely sounds ...” Selwyn chewed on his lip as he reached for the appropriate adjective. “Unconventional.”
Riley pushed his head back against the car seat headrest. He didn’t know why he felt like he needed to divulge all this to Selwyn. It would have been easier to keep quiet and say nothing, but for some reason he just blurted it all out. As soon as he started to think it, the temptation became too great.
He had been feeling out of sorts from the moment he arrived, with this looming sense of dread that had followed him around all day. He tried to tell himself it was just nerves, and that it was natural to feel this way given the circumstances, but in the back of his mind he knew there was more to it. Something was not right, but he couldn’t put his finger on it. Now he could.
“I had trouble accepting it at first, too,” he said. “But I’ve looked at the facts and I can’t see any other explanation.”
“Really?” Selwyn shot him a sideways glance. “You can’t think of any other explanation?”
“I know it’s preposterous. Of course it is. But let’s take an objective look at everything that’s happened so far today. Not even today – in just these past few hours. We have witnessed multiple deaths. Abnormal deaths. Freakishly violent deaths, one after the other. People spontaneously combusting and having vending machines fall on top of them. Don’t you think that’s weird?”
“I don’t know, man. Midgets and Canadian hip hop are weird. Those were just a couple of unusual events.”
“I think you’re underselling it by describing the events as ‘unusual’, Selwyn. We also have a police force so incompetent that they can’t seem to figure out there’s a killer on the loose. They straight out refuse to believe it, even with all the evidence piled up in front of them.”
“What do you expect from the Circular Firing Squad?” Selwyn said. “They’ve always been like that. Nothing’s changed there.”
“Okay, sure. But this is all happening ten years since I was last here. Ten years to the day. That can’t be a coincidence. And it doesn’t sound like anything that happens in real life, does it? It sounds like something that’s sprung from the mind of some writer with limited talent and imagination.”
They drove past the wheat fields. The Vektehr’s headlights glided across the old phallic-shaped silo on the side of the road, the one that inspired years of schoolboy jokes and lewd forced perspective photographs. More youthful memories flashed before Riley’s eyes.
“I hear what you’re saying,” Selwyn said. He was careful when selecting his words, trying not to sound patronizing. “But if none of this was real, and we were all fictional characters – and I can’t believe those words just came out of my mouth – but if this was all part of a story, you wouldn’t know, would you? Nobody would. That’s not how these things work.”
“I’ve thought about that too, and I don’t really have an answer,” Riley said. “I don’t know. Maybe I’ve been given this insight for a specific reason. Maybe I’m more perceptive. Or it could be some sort of oversight, like a glitch in the system, and I wasn’t meant to have this knowledge. Kind of like discovering cheat codes for a video game. Or it might even be deliberate. Maybe the writer wants me to have this special ability, like a superpower.”
“The ability to jump in a car and leave at the first sign of trouble? Hardly the most impressive superpower.”
“You might not think so, but I’m pretty sure it gives me a better chance of survival when there’s a madman carving people up left and right.”
He never understood why characters in horror fiction chose to stick around when their lives were obviously under threat. The most sensible thing to do would be to place yourself as far away from the danger as possible. He had read enough books and watched enough trashy movies and bad TV shows to know that dumb decisions and illogical behavior all but guaranteed you wouldn’t make it through to the end. That was not going to be his fate, if he could help it.
Trains departed Jura every hour until eleven p.m. His plan was to be on the next available one. He hadn’t decided where he would go from there. He would use the four-hour journey to figure that part out.
“I think you’ve always had a talent for running away from your problems, Riley,” Selwyn said.
“Hey, if you’re going to give me crap for the next half an hour I may as well get out and walk the rest of the way.”
“I’m just worried about you, that’s all. Try to look at this from my perspective. You disappear off the face of the earth, we don’t hear from you for years, there are rumors flying around about what you might be up to.”
“Can you please keep your eyes on the road, Selwyn?”
“And when you do finally show up, you’re talking about deranged serial killers and magical writers. I know this is a stressful time for you, coming back here and having to deal with your family and Megan and all that, but this is not the way normal people with healthy minds think and act.”
“If you don’t want to take this seriously, that’s up to you,” Riley said. He was beginning to regret opening his mouth. “I can’t say I blame you. It’s a pretty far-out concept.”
“It’s also kind of egotistical if you ask me,” Selwyn said.
“What do you mean?”
“I mean if this is all one big work of fiction, you’ve just nominated yourself as the central character and assumed the world revolves around you. The rest of us are just your supporting cast.”
“I didn’t say I was the main character. I mean, I don’t know, maybe I am. But not necessarily.”
“So maybe I can be the hero then?”
“You want to be the hero?”
“Sure. Why can’t I be?”
“Selwyn, don’t take this the wrong way, but if I am right and this is all a story, you’re here for one reason, and it’s not to be the guy that saves the day.”
“So what am I here for? What purpose do I serve?”
“Do you really want me to answer that?”
“Please. I’d love to know what’s in store for me.”
“Okay. Since you asked, I think that if you still can’t see what’s going on here, and you ignore all the warning signs and return to Krumbleton tonight, chances are you’ll end up as one of the victims.”
Selwyn rattled off a machine gun laugh. “You think I’m next on the hit list?”
“I don’t know if you’re next, but if you go back there, the odds of making it any further than the second act are slim.”
As far as Riley was concerned, the only thing worse than the character who refused to leave when they had the opportunity was the character who escaped danger only to later return. This, he believed, was a clear sign of lazy writing, and an indication that the author had exhausted all their ideas. Having a character do something incredibly stupid and illogical was the only way for them to create conflict and move the story forward.
“You know what, Riley? Because we’ve been friends for such a long time, and because you’re obviously dealing with some heavy stuff right now, I’m not gonna take offense at that. I won’t even tell anyone what you’ve been saying. This whole theory of yours, it might even be true. Well, apart from one glaring gap in logic.”
“And what is that?”
“If this really was all a story, and the town really was being terrorized by a bloodthirsty psycho, do you think we’d be allowed to just hop in a car and leave? It can’t be that easy, can it? Surely someone or something would prevent us from doing that if we ever tried –”
BOOM! Riley saw a flash of white. He felt his head snap to the side.
The last time he took a hit to the face was about twelve years ago. That was the night he and Robbie Hersh got into a fight with a drunken redneck after they were caught trying to steal a wallet from his jacket, hanging over a seat at Hal’s Kitchen. That punch was the reason his jaw still clicked when he yawned or opened his mouth too wide. There wasn’t quite as much force behind this hit, but it wasn’t far off.
Several seconds passed before he figured out what had happened, and that one of the car’s airbags had deployed.
“Jesus! What –?!”
Selwyn erupted with a loud gust of laughter. “Dude!”
“Shut up, you idiot!” Riley said, holding his face.
This only made him cackle louder. “Maybe that’s the writer trying to tell you something.”
“Selwyn, pull over!”
“Alright, alright.” Selwyn lifted his foot from the accelerator, and the car began to slow. “Sorry, I don’t mean to laugh. But you gotta admit, it’s pretty funny that –”
BOOM! The driver side airbag burst out from the steering wheel. It slammed straight into Selwyn’s nose.
“Argh!”
The sting was instantaneous. His eyes filled with water. The airbag was in his face, and he was driving blind.
The Vektehr swerved all over the road. It crossed the center line and veered into the path of an oncoming truck. Riley lunged across.
“Selwyn!”
He yanked the steering wheel toward him. The vehicle shook like a cabasa as the semi came within inches of ending their lives.
No sooner had they cheated death, Riley saw that they were heading straight for a roadside barrier. He tried to correct but there was not enough time. They plunged through the guardrail and skidded down a ravine.
The car came to stop when it slammed into a soggy ditch.

A curious odor lingered in the back seat of the Volvo station wagon, a fragrant swirl of hardboiled egg, grass clippings and talcum powder.
Selwyn held a wad of tissues to his nose. His head was tilted back forty-five degrees in an effort to stem the bleeding. “I thought the point of airbags was to protect you from injuries, not cause them,” he said, his voice taking on a nasal whine.
Riley said nothing. His cheek and his ear still smarted from the sucker punch ten minutes earlier. The airbag had smacked into him like it had been fired from a cannon.
Several exhaustive attempts had been made at dislodging the Vektehr from the ditch, to no avail. It wasn’t long before they figured out they weren’t going anywhere without the aid of a tow truck.
Soon after that, an older couple returning from their weekly bingo night pulled over to offer them a lift back into town. It was fortuitous timing. A little too fortuitous, as far as Riley was concerned. This seemed like an obvious ploy to get them back to Krumbleton – and back into harm’s way. Selwyn immediately accepted the offer, leaving Riley little choice but to join him. However dangerous it might be in town, it was probably a lot safer than staying around an isolated country road after dark.
“My theory doesn’t sound so ridiculous now, does it?” Riley said.
Selwyn let out a muffled laughed. “You think this proves anything?”
“You tell me. Let’s review what just happened. As soon as we try to leave town, the very moment we approach the edge of the township, an act of god prevents us from going any further. That’s more than a coincidence, Selwyn. That’s the writer, or whoever it is that’s controlling all of this, that’s them telling us they do not want us to leave. They couldn’t have made it any clearer if a cartoon anvil had fallen from the sky and blocked our path.”
Selwyn chortled some more, despite the discomfort it caused him. “Man, that’s crazy. Just listen to what you’re saying and you’ll see how crazy it sounds.”
“I know it sounds crazy, but do you have a better explanation?”
The woman in front of him opened a cake tin. She handed a piece of shortbread to her husband and took a piece for herself. It occurred to Riley just how bizarre this whole conversation must seem to them.
“As a matter of fact, I do have a better explanation,” Selwyn said. “About a year ago, Vektehr issued a recall for that exact model due to reports of airbags deploying at random times. They were also deploying with a lot more force than they were supposed to, as you probably noticed, with chunks of plastic breaking off and hitting passengers in the face. Anyway, once a vehicle has been recalled it’s supposed to be sent back to the factory, but sometimes a few go missing along the way. There are these guys working on the inside, they fudge the numbers and sell the recalled vehicles off the books at super-discounted prices. I’m talking sixty, seventy percent off. So that’s where I got mine, through this guy I know. I knew the car was faulty when I bought it, and I accepted that risk. This coulda happened at any time.”
“But it didn’t happen at any time, did it Selwyn? It happened right after a bunch of people have been slaughtered and we were trying to get away. You drive around for months without any problems, and they go off now? You don’t think there’s anything suspicious about that?”
“Like I said, it was bound happen sooner or later. Don’t read too much into it.”
The lights of the town came into view. An acrid taste filled Riley’s mouth. He felt like a death row inmate that had just seen his execution chamber for the first time.
“You can believe what you want, but my eyes are open here,” he said. “You should at least try opening your mind.”
Selwyn was now running his free hand through the gaps in the seats to scrounge for loose change. He had already pocketed several coins.
“I think you’re only seeing what you want to see,” he said. “That’s called cognitive dissidents. You already had this belief, and so you attribute greater significance to the event because you think it proves your theory.”
An SUV approached from the opposite direction. Riley shielded his eyes from the glare of the headlights. He was about to point out that it was called cognitive dissonance, not cognitive dissidents, and that Selwyn probably meant to say confirmation bias anyway, but he decided to let it go.
“If you say so,” he said quietly.
He didn’t argue any further. He knew how absurd this all sounded, but he didn’t care. In his mind, there was no doubt as to what had just happened. Someone or something out there, whether that was the writer of the novel in which he had a starring role or some other omnipotent force, wanted to send him a message, and that message had been received loud and clear. There would be no escape from Krumbleton. At least not tonight.
The next bus departed at nine o’clock the following morning. He only had to survive until then.

Chapter Fourteen

The entire town was in lockdown. Four people had suffered shocking, brutal deaths in the space of a few hours. The wedding had been called off. There was simply no way it could continue after everything that had taken place. Shell-shocked guests returned to their homes and hotel rooms. Local businesses, even those that traded 24/7, closed shop for the night.
One in every four vehicles on the road was a police car. Many were from neighboring districts that had rushed to fone.ONE to assist with the unfolding drama as soon as they became aware of the situation. TV crews converged on the town to cover the tragic events. Residents kept their doors locked and curtains drawn. Their eyes and ears remained glued to the television, radio and internet for the latest updates.
Or that was what would have happened if any of this was real. But Riley knew that none of it was, which meant the wedding party, and life in fone.ONE in general, carried on as if nothing out of the ordinary had occurred. Stores remained open. The local police continued to insist there was no cause for alarm. Residents were bizarrely unaffected by it all.
Footage of Damien Crothers spontaneously combusting had already gone viral.
The guests at the wedding were particularly nonchalant, displaying a callous indifference toward the loss of human life. The events of the day were referred to in passing, but for the most part the reception showed no sign of wilting by the time Riley and Selwyn returned from their ill-fated road trip. Selwyn had managed to shrug off his bruising airbag encounter and reverted straight back into party mode. He appeared determined to make up for lost time.
Riley was less inclined to join in the fun. He kept to himself at the party’s fringes, avoiding any kind of interaction with the other guests and resisting attempts by friends to drag him into the frivolity. There was no point trying to enjoy himself. He was far too tense for that. All he could do was loiter around the edge of the room and cast a watchful eye over everyone. As far as he was concerned, anyone here could be a murderer. There may even be more than one. It would be foolish to make assumptions.
He checked his watch. It was almost nine p.m. Twelve hours until the next bus was due to depart. He would need to keep his wits about him to ensure he would last that long.
He scanned the room, mentally evaluating everyone he saw, even if he wasn’t sure what he was looking for. What did a psychopath look like? For the most part, he assumed they got around unnoticed. The middle-aged woman helping herself to a second serving of dessert was just as likely to be the culprit as the young man with the shaved head and tattoo sleeves collecting empty glasses from the tables.
It could be Doug, as unlikely as that seemed. His brother-in-law didn’t appear to be in any condition to carry out multiple murders tonight. He was on the other side of the room, swaying out of time with the wedding band as they violated a classic Van Morrison track. He had that goofy smile and rosy-cheeked look he got whenever his blood-alcohol reading exceeded 0.03.
But again, it would be foolish to make assumptions.
Doug noticed Riley looking his way, and Riley failed to avert his gaze fast enough. He had spotted him there. Now he was coming over. This was not what he wanted right now. His mind was on other matters.
He looked for an escape, or a distraction, or a reason to excuse himself. But it was too late. He was cornered.
“Hey, Riley. Can we talk?” Doug said.
“Um, sure.”
Doug moved into the space in front of him, blocking him in. Now he couldn’t leave without climbing over or crawling under a table.
“I don’t really know how to say this, but I’m a little concerned about you. So is Shelley. We have been for some time, but it’s your behavior tonight that’s troubling us the most.”
Riley’s heart rate elevated slightly. “What’s wrong with my behavior tonight?”
“I think you know what I’m talking about. You’ve been arrested. You’re having these delusions. You’re talking about a killer on the loose, and you somehow believe that you’re a fictional character.”
“What?” He put on his best surprised face, even though he knew that made him look like a soap opera ham. “Where did you –”
“Selwyn told me. He’s worried too.”
Riley glanced across to the bridal table, where Selwyn was chatting up one of the bridesmaids. He appeared to have forgotten his earlier promise to keep their discussion between the two of them.
“The way Selwyn described it to me, I have to say, I’m quite alarmed.”
“Doug, I promise you have nothing to worry about. And we’re at a wedding. Can we talk about this some other time?”
“But delusions like the ones Selwyn described – that could be a symptom of something more serious, like a brain tumor or a head injury. But it might not be. It could be brought on by stress, or possibly a side-effect of medication.”
“Look, I’m not delusional.” He hoped this was true, even if he couldn’t say for sure. He assumed the deluded were mostly oblivious to their condition. “This is all a misunderstanding. You don’t have to worry. Me and Selwyn, we were just messing around. It’s an old joke between us. I’m fine, and I’m not taking any medication either.”
“You took some today.”
“I did what?”
Doug hesitated, before the alcohol let the truth slip out. “You didn’t hear this from me, but there might have been a small dose of Solaxil in one of those coffees you had this morning. Or in all of them.”
“What the hell is Solaxil, and what was it doing in my coffee?”
“Solaxil is a new antidepressant. It’s just come on the market. Well, it’s not officially on the market just yet. It’s awaiting approval. They need to conduct more extensive trials and everything.”
“Hold on, back up a second.” Riley was having trouble making sense of what he was hearing. “Where did you get this?”
“Just through these people I know. Sales reps and the like. They hooked me up with some free samples a while back. Trust me, from what I’ve been reading, Solaxil could be a game-changer. They’re calling it Prozac Plus. It could revolutionize society. The military have been developing it to treat soldiers with PTSD. But there have been a few minor side-effects, possibly due to the ayahuasca. There’s only a small amount in each dose, but, you know, everyone reacts differently to it. They’re still trying to get the levels right. Some patients have reported hallucinations and extreme paranoia, and I think that might be what you’re experiencing right now.”
Riley needed a moment to adequately put his thoughts into words. “Are you telling me you gave me an unknown, untested, hallucinogen-laced drug without my consent?”
“If I’d asked for your consent beforehand would you have taken it?”
“Of course I wouldn’t have taken it!”
“Well there you go. It was Shelley’s idea, by the way. She was the one who gave it to you. I only supplied it.”
Unfiltered honesty was a common side-effect of drinking for Doug.
“You didn’t need to tell me it was Shelley’s idea. I could have figured that out on my own.”
“She did it for your benefit, Riley. She knows you’ve been having issues, and that you probably needed something to help you through the day. I think she was right, too. That’s why I thought this would be the perfect opportunity to test out Solaxil.”
Doug’s lack of remorse left him momentarily speechless. “I can’t believe you would do something like that!”
“I don’t think I had a choice.”
“You had the choice not to do it! That was one option you had!”
“Okay, sure, but as I was saying, these delusions you’ve been having –”
“I’m not delusional, Doug! I didn’t imagine that dead body in your car, did I? And I don’t understand why you’re not more upset about –”
He stopped mid-sentence. His focus had shifted to the opposite side of the room.
That man again. The one in the flat cap and glasses. The one he had spotted earlier opposite the hotel car park, and again outside the police station. The person of Asian origin with the weird Vulcan hand. He was inside the venue, next to the indoor fountain.
“Riley?”
“Do you know who that is?”
“Who?”
“That guy over by the fountain.”
Doug glanced over his shoulder, in the direction he had indicated. “Which one do you mean?”
A cluster of guests momentarily blocked their view. By the time they had cleared, the mysterious stranger was nowhere to be seen.
“I swear he was there a second ago,” Riley said.
He knew how this sounded as soon as he said it. He also knew what Doug was thinking, but he didn’t want to hear it.
“I have to go,” he said, as he inelegantly clambered over one of the tables, knocking an empty wine bottle to the ground and setting off in the direction of the fountain.
He picked up his pace as he crossed the room. He had to find that man, if only to convince himself that he wasn’t losing his mind.

The diminutive person of Asian origin took a shortcut through Legrand’s via the kitchen. He passed through without detection and came out the other side near the front bar, then continued across the foyer toward the exit. Six or seven more strides and he would have been out on the street, free and clear. Only he never made it that far.
He didn’t see who ambushed him. It all happened so fast. He only saw a blur of movement in his peripheral vision, someone charging his way, a fraction of a second before a pair of hands latched onto him. One hand grabbed him by the collar, the other was clamped over his mouth.
He was bundled through the door to the cloak room before the thought of resistance had crossed his mind. The door slammed shut. They were alone in the room together.
“Who are you?” Riley screamed into the stranger’s face. He threw him up against the wall with more force than necessary. The tip of a steak knife was pressed against his jugular.
“Hey, relax, relax brother!” the man said. His voice was pitched higher than what Riley had imagined it would be. “Relax. Take it easy. Let’s not do anything crazy.”
“It’s a bit late for that,” Riley said.
He carried out a brief one-handed pat down while still holding the knife in place. This failed to uncover any weapons, but he did locate the man’s wallet.
“What are you doing?” the man said.
He flipped the wallet open and used his phone to snap a photo of the driver’s license. “I know who you are now,” he said, reading from the license. “Your name is Gerald Zhao. You live at 227 Wellington Road. Your details are in my phone. Anything that happens to me can be traced back to you. Now, you’ve been following me around all day and I want to know why.”
“I don’t blame you for being suspicious, but you’ve got the wrong idea!” The man’s voice became even more shrill.
“Tell me what you’ve been doing then!”
“Look, it’s not what you think!”
“Did you kill those people?”
A sour look crossed the man’s face. “Oh, so if a guy had a physical deformity, that means he must be evil. Is that how it goes?”
“What?” Riley looked down to the man’s right hand, the one that had two pairs of fingers that appeared to be fused together, connected with a kind of webbing. He quickly looked away. “No, no, I didn’t mean it like that.”
“Yeah, nice try buddy. I think you’ve seen too many movies. You know, a hand like this would actually make it harder for me to kill someone.”
“Don’t change the subject. You’ve been watching me all day and I want to know why.”
The man took a deep breath. “I’ve been watching you because I think we’re on the same side. That’s why.”
“On the same side? What does that mean?”
“It means that I know too. I understand what’s happening here. I know we’re all part of a fictional story.”
And with that, the concept of time appeared to grind to a halt. Riley struggled for words as his life crumbled around him.
“What did you just say?”
“Could you put the knife down, please?”
Only then did he remember the steak knife still in his hand, pressed against Gerald Zhao’s throat. He was one slip away from drawing blood. He relaxed his hold and took a step back.
“Alright, keep talking. What do you know?”
“Honestly, probably not much more than you. I only just found out.” Gerald straightened his coat, and he snatched his wallet back from Riley. “And I thought it was just me, until I saw you earlier today. I don’t know how, but I could tell you were going through the same thing I was. So I started following you. I thought maybe you could help me, or you could tell me what was going on, but it soon became obvious that you were even more confused than I was.”
“But what ... when did you find out about all this?”
“I guess it started a few days ago. It was one or two odd things at first, and this overwhelming sense that things weren’t right. It wasn’t anything I could put my finger on. Just this weird, unsettling feeling. Nothing felt real anymore. Like we were all part of this big pantomime. Then I woke up today and everything clicked into place. I just knew. Don’t ask me how or why, because I couldn’t tell you.”
Riley needed a moment to collect his thoughts. This was too much to absorb at once, and his mind was on the verge of folding in on itself. Earlier this evening, he had considered the possibility that he was going insane. Then, after speaking with Doug, he wondered if this was all some sort of drug-induced psychosis. Now he was facing a prospect even more terrifying – he was right all along.
“I still don’t understand,” he said. “How did we get here? How is any of this possible?”
Gerald Zhao threw up his hands. “I’m afraid I can’t offer any special insight. Your guess is as good as mine. And really, I don’t think that’s important. Somebody out there is killing people, and if you’re not careful you might be next. Or I might be next. So what I suggest is that you start paying attention to everything that’s going on around you. Watch and observe people to see how they behave. You can learn a thing or two about this, this ... world we find ourselves in. That’s what I’ve been doing, and it’s helped me to decode a few rules about this reality.”
“What kind of rules?”
“Okay, listen up.” Gerald cleared his throat and took a moment to compose himself. “The first rule is that you absolutely cannot tell anyone about any of this. If other people find out they’re part of a fictional story, you endanger their lives as well as your own. Knowledge and self-awareness can get you killed.”
“Right,” Riley nodded. “I won’t tell anyone.”
“Who have you told so far?”
“Only my friend, Selwyn.” He paused, before remembering more. “And then Selwyn told Doug, my sister’s husband.”
“How did they react?”
“More or less how you’d expect them to. They thought I was crazy.”
“That’s good. That’s probably why they’re still alive. If they believed you, they’d likely be dead too.”
“Why, have you told anyone?”
“I only told one person. My priest.”
Riley felt his blood turn cold. “Father Hyden?”
“Now you understand why you have to keep this to yourself.”
“Understood,” he said quietly.
Gerald pushed up his flat cap. He mopped the sweat on his forehead with a handkerchief. Riley saw that he was almost completely bald. He pulled the hat back down and continued.
“Rule number two is that you should not attempt to alter the course of the story, or in any way interfere with what’s going on here.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“I mean doing things like applying logic and common sense. Trying to convince other people how strange everything is around here. Or thinking you can escape by leaving town. None of that works. Believe me, I’ve tried. You fight the story, you’re always going to lose. It’s like swimming against a raging current. You use up all your energy, only to end up in the same place you were always going to end up in.”
“So what am I supposed to do? Sit around twiddling my thumbs while I wait for some psycho to cut my head off?”
“Of course not, but you do need to accept this as your reality. This is happening, regardless of whether you want it to or not. Don’t try to change things, don’t think you can outsmart anyone, and don’t try using real-world thinking, because you’ll only make it harder for yourself.”
“Okay, fine,” Riley said. This all sounded absurd and counterintuitive, but this guy seemed to know what he was talking about. More than he did, at least. “What else do you have for me?”
“There’s one more rule you need to be aware of.” Gerald Zhao’s voice had dropped an octave, underlining the seriousness of what he was about to impart. “This is the most important one. It’s your best chance of making it through to the end. It will help us defeat the killer, but only if we work together, and only if you do exactly as I tell you. I can’t do this alone, and neither can you. Are you listening?”
“I’m listening, just tell me what we need to do.”
“Alright, alright. The third rule is you must nev –”
A door to one of the closets flew open before any more could be revealed. Gerald spun around in fright.
A masked man in black surged forward from behind a row of coats. With one clean swing of his arm, the serrated blade of his hunting knife sliced against Gerald Zhao’s throat.
His knees buckled. The skin on his neck separated, and a crimson fountain gushed from his internal jugular vein.
Riley saw this all coming, but there was nothing he could do except stand there and allow it to happen.
Gerald’s body hit the floor with a whomp. Riley watched helplessly as his best hope for survival writhed and twitched on the floor, bleeding to death in a matter of seconds.
He was now alone in the room with the masked psychopath. Fear ballooned inside him.
The two stood facing one another in a fixed stance. The knife in the killer’s hand looked massive, almost comically huge. His own piece of cutlery was a toothpick by comparison.
He didn’t know how long they stayed like that.
He knew he should run. Every fragment of common sense screamed at him to get out of there. But he couldn’t move. Partly because of the overwhelming terror that had thrown him into a state of temporary paralysis, but mostly because of the mask covering the killer’s face. Harrowing memories were dredged from the pit of his subconscious.
The skull mask. That grinning white skeleton.
He had seen that mask before.
He had dreamed about it last night.
And he had worn one just like it. Ten years ago tonight.
The killer made his move. Riley’s survival instincts kicked in. He had to get out of there.
There was a hat rack to his right. He grabbed it with one hand and pulled it down. It came crashing to the floor. It was enough to block the killer’s path and momentarily slow him down.
Riley bolted for the door and slammed it shut behind him. There was no lock, nothing to hold it closed. He used all his strength and his weight to keep it shut, praying the handle would not snap off. He looked around for help, but the foyer was empty.
The blade of the knife punched through the door like it was made of balsa wood. It grazed the side of Riley’s hand, slicing the base of his thumb between his wrist and his knuckle.
He lost his grip on the door handle and stumbled back, tripping over his feet and landing hard on his back.
The knife slowly retracted from the door.
His next move was to ... scream for help? Try to alert security? Call the police? Climb up off the floor and fight back?
He did none of these. Instead he just lay there, holding onto his hand where the knife had nicked him. He wanted the killer to come out. He was almost daring him to reveal himself in public. He was ready for him. He wanted to confront him.
Because he knew the identity of the man behind the mask.

Interlude III

Zephyr Lodge – Friday (Day 4 of 7) – 2:42 p.m.

“Haters be damned – Langdon Pryce is a genius.”
The opening line of Leonora Bevan’s gushing three-thousand-word essay, posted a couple of hours ago on OMGMonkeys.com, set the tone for the rest of the article.
The hagiography offered no real surprises. It was a sympathetic portrait of a misunderstood artist, and it contained none of the vitriol and condescension present during their phone conversation. It cataloged Langdon’s myriad achievements, from becoming the youngest ever recipient of the Toole award, to his eighty million in sales for his thirteen novels to date. He was described as the Nicolas Cage of genre fiction: “Somewhat eccentric, effortlessly cool, immune to fluctuating trends, with the innate ability to produce lowbrow works that miraculously border on high art”. She referenced his “matinee idol good looks” and praised his “peerless ability to tap into the collective cultural vein to deliver one pop masterpiece after another”. The worst she said about him was that his books were “the ultimate guilty pleasure”.
Even though Langdon had only done this to amuse himself, he still felt an enormous sense of gratification – especially considering Leonora Bevan had accused him point-blank of being a sellout, abusing his god-given talent in the shameless pursuit of riches. That may have been true, but he was hardly unique in that regard. Everyone sells out in one way or another. It was easy for a journalist or a fan to level that accusation, since selling out was a dilemma they were unlikely to ever have to grapple with. The truth was that the overwhelming majority of people would happily discard their principles for a shot at wealth and fame, should they find themselves in such a position. Exhibit A: Leonora Bevan. All it took for her to abandon her integrity was the faintest whiff of a book deal, and her values were tossed aside like last season’s fashion.
Langdon read through the article twice, and he forwarded it on to all his friends. He then deleted every email and text message Leonora Bevan had ever sent him, and he blocked her number on his phone.

A rare moment of positive press wasn’t the only thing that had him on a high. Yesterday’s session had been his best in living memory. He didn’t know what it was, but there was a newfound vigor and vitality to his writing. After years of cruising along on autopilot, bashing out novels for the paycheck and to meet his contractual obligations, he was enthusiastic about his work again. Maybe it was the mystical powers of the Toole award, sitting in front of him and inspiring him on toward greatness. Whatever it was, it was working.
He had shifted from the study upstairs to the living room downstairs, writing on the sofa with his MacBook on his lap. Background music came from the stereo in the corner, a classic Libertines record playing on the turntable. He was no longer referring to the wall of notes and index cards, instead allowing his mind to roam free, tossing the road map out the window and forging his own path.
He had moved down here last night, leaving only for bathroom breaks and to collect his takeout food from the front door. He hadn’t slept much, only napping on the sofa when he physically could not stay awake any longer. He knew a purple patch this good came around maybe once or twice a decade, and when it did you had to milk it for all it was worth.
He was now deep into the second act. He knew from experience this was where his novels tended to sag and become predictable. He thought he was doing a pretty good job so far to avoid that, but he wanted to push himself even further. He had just the thing.
Ira Blastland was a mid-level Hollywood producer who had optioned several of Langdon’s novels. He was an old hippie with round wire-rimmed glasses and a shoulder-length grey mane that made him look a bit like John Lennon.
For Langdon’s fortieth birthday last year, Ira had given him a sheet of high-grade blotter acid.
Langdon hadn’t used any of it yet, but he decided now would be the perfect opportunity to see if this could assist with his work. The acid had the potential to unlock his mind in ways that weren’t possible straight. It could help push his creativity into a new realm and enhance the story into something far superior. It might also result in fifty pages of unintelligible gibberish, but he was still curious to see what it could do for him.
Each stamp-sized tab had a squiggly green caricature on it. It looked like it was supposed to be Yoda, if it was drawn by someone who had never seen a Star Wars film and was working off a vague description of what Yoda looked like.
Langdon placed one tab underneath his tongue and closed his eyes.
Drugs of any type had never been part of his life until his late twenties. He didn’t do any in high school or college. Back then he was a goody two-shoes who barely even touched alcohol. He kept this up for many years when he first became a full-time writer, steadfast in his belief that a healthy mind and body was essential to his success. This mindset began to waver around the time his books started being snapped up to be made into films, and he found himself hanging out less with his old friends and more with the Hollywood crowd. That was when his lifestyle underwent significant changes. The movie tie-ins launched his sales into the stratosphere, and he soon had more money than he knew what to do with. He was invited to exclusive parties every night of the week, where he was offered a smorgasbord of substances to snort, smoke and ingest at will. He split from his long-time girlfriend and dated a succession of models. He had access to everything he could ever desire.
He used to believe his earlier abstinence was due to level-headedness and mature life choices. He now saw that it had more to do with a lack of opportunities.
“That’s a really bad idea, Langdon.”
He opened his eyes. This wasn’t his conscience speaking to him. It was Taliyah, standing in the doorway with a judgmental look on her face.
She had surprised him by appearing on his doorstep earlier that morning. In the flurry of yesterday’s activity, he forgot to reply to her message where she suggested that she come pay him a visit. His lack of response was interpreted as a yes, and she hopped on the next available flight.
Langdon didn’t really want her hanging around while he was trying to finish his novel, but nor could he send her packing after she had traveled all this way.
“Oh, lighten up,” he said. “It’s no big deal.”
She shook her head like a disapproving headmistress. “You know that when you do that, you’re putting your greatest asset at risk of long-term damage,” she tut-tutted. “The one part of your body responsible for all your success.”
Taliyah was heavily into fitness and healthy living. She spent much of her time listening to wellness podcasts and following yoga gurus on social media, although that didn’t stop her from mainlining caffeine and smoking like a film noir femme fatale to help maintain her rail-thin physique.
“It’s just a one-time thing,” he said. “And besides, plenty of successful writers have used substances to give their creativity a little nudge along.”
“Oh yeah? Like who?”
“Where do I start? There’s Lewis Carroll – he gobbled down ‘shrooms like they were breath mints when he wrote Alice In Wonderland. Philip K. Dick did the same with amphetamines for most of his career. Stephen King hoovered up so much coke in the eighties that, to this day, he has no recollection of writing some of his most famous works. And I have it on good authority that [author name redacted on legal advice] was out of her mind on a month-long peyote binge when she wrote that first [series name redacted on legal advice] book. So keep that in mind the next time you read those sparkly vampire and sexy werewolf novels you love so much.”
“Hey, it’s your body,” Taliyah said.
“Like I said, when the week’s over I’ll go back to living like a monk.”
He decided she didn’t need to know about the vial of cocaine he had stashed in his wall safe. He was saving that for later. It would be his reward for completing the novel.
He and Taliyah had been on and off for the last four months. She was – surprise – a model, and she also hosted of a series of popular YouTube makeup tutorials. They met at the launch party for a new vodka brand, where she told him she was a fan of his work, and that she had a great idea for a book of her own. He humored her by listening as she pitched her story: an erotic thriller about a sheltered college student who becomes involved with a potentially dangerous billionaire businessman.
“You should write it,” she said twenty minutes later, when she had finally finished outlining the entire plot to him, unaware that steamy housewife-porn was not really his forte.
He knew what was coming. She was about to propose that he write the novel for her, and they could split the profits fifty-fifty. He had heard this pitch enough times over the years to have formulated a standard reply: “I have a better idea – how about I steal your idea, I’ll write the whole thing myself, and I’ll keep one hundred percent of the profits?” But on this occasion, he opted for a more generous response.
“No, you should write it,” he said.
“Me?” Taliyah giggled. “I don’t know how to write a book.”
“What is there to know? It’s not as hard as most people think. You have the whole story mapped out, so half your work is already done.”
He only said this because he wanted her number. Writing a book was as hard as most people thought, and he didn’t expect her to take his suggestion seriously. He certainly didn’t expect her to stick with it as long as she had. He had to admit though, he was surprised by her ongoing commitment. Most aspiring writers abandoned their novels after a week or two.
The title of her work-in-progress was The Adultification of Chastity May.
He continued to encourage her pursuit once they began seeing each other, although he did have a number of quiet concerns. His main worry was that her book would be execrable, which was a very real possibility. Hidden in the depths of every publishing house sits one or two minimum-wage gophers who have been given the Sisyphean task of trawling through a slush pile of unsolicited manuscripts, written by aspiring authors with a dearth of talent, self-awareness, and friends kind enough to advise them to consider taking up a different hobby. Every single submission had to be read all the way through, since no one wanted to be the publisher that allowed the next Harry Potter to slip through their fingers. It was a never-ending search for an ever-shrinking needle in an ever-expanding haystack.
In all likelihood, this was the fate that awaited The Adultification Of Chastity May. It would end up with an audience of one, skimmed through by a bored twenty-two-year-old English literature graduate before being fed into a paper shredder.
There was another possibility. One that was less likely, although not inconceivable. There was a remote chance that Taliyah’s writing would be adequate. It might even be good, or better than anything he had put his name to lately. This was not beyond the realm of possibility – Langdon’s standards had plummeted in recent years, and he had been coasting by on name recognition alone.
He was yet to read any of Taliyah’s writing. She had offered to show him, but each time he advised her that it would be better to not let anyone see it until a full draft had been completed. This, he hoped, would buy him enough time, and he wouldn’t ever have to look at it. He knew that by the time she had finished a draft – if his recent dating history was anything to go by – they would be long broken up.
“So anyway, what do you think of Casey?” Taliyah said.
She handed Langdon her phone. It had a Locanto profile featuring a young brunette in a swimsuit lounging on a yacht.
“Five hundred an hour, or twenty-five hundred for the night,” she said.
“You couldn’t find anyone black?” Langdon said, swiping through the uploaded photos.
“We’re in the middle of nowhere, Lang. Not a lot of variety out here.” She took her phone back. “Besides, I think Casey might be biracial.”
Langdon shrugged. “Sure, whatever. As long as you approve. I’ll probably just watch.”
He may not have wanted Taliyah to come here, but now that she was he figured they may as well have some fun together.
She returned upstairs, and he went back to work.
The acid didn’t have much of an impact on his writing. At least, not initially. He thought he could feel his mind loosening and the words flowing much freer, his creative choices becoming bolder and more proliferate, but that may have just been a placebo effect. Perhaps the sheet Ira gave him wasn’t all that potent.
By five p.m. he had reached ten thousand words for the day. He wanted to keep going, but the black steer on the bottle of Black Steer whiskey advised him that a quick break to recharge the batteries would do him a world of good. The beast then crawled out of the label, and it challenged Langdon to a game of chess. Langdon accepted, and he set up the board, only for the steer to sheepishly confess that it did not know the rules of chess. It did however know how to play checkers, and so they played that instead, but with the chess pieces. The steer won the first game in a matter of minutes, blindsiding Langdon with an aggressive gameplay strategy, at which point Langdon proposed a best of five tournament. Langdon won the second game, the steer the one after that, before Langdon won the final two for a triumphant come-from-behind 3-2 victory. As his prize, the steer allowed him to ride around on his shoulders for five minutes.
It crawled back into the label once they were done, and Langdon returned to his manuscript.
He noticed the edges of his MacBook screen glistening with a ring of blue-green bioluminescent light. Maybe the acid was beginning to have an effect after all.

Chapter Fifteen

Piece by piece, the story was coming together. Riley knew who the killer was. He had all but confirmed the identity of the man behind the mask – because he knew the mask. He was the one who had purchased it.
Ten years ago, it had been his job to supply the masks for the robbery at Monte Hutchins’s place. He took all the necessary precautions. He bought them from a bric-a-brac shop in Gladesville, a mid-sized town an hour and a half north of Krumbleton. He disguised himself with sunglasses, a baseball cap and a bulky coat when making the purchases, which were paid for in cash. He bought birthday candles, plastic vampire fangs, a bunch of helium-filled balloons and a packet of glow sticks at the same time to avoid arousing suspicion. He left the store with three twelve-dollar rubber skull masks – one each for Robbie, Rhys and himself.
He disposed of his mask in a dumpster the morning after he left town. He didn’t know what Robbie did with his, but his death six months ago precluded him as a possible suspect. 
That left only one person: Rhys Henderson. He was alive, and he was out for revenge.
Everything was falling into place.
He had always assumed Rhys was killed the night of the robbery, but he didn’t know this for sure. He heard the gunshot, and Rhys was never seen or heard from again, and so he leapt to the most obvious conclusion. But his body was never recovered. And he didn’t see it with his own eyes.
So what did happen? Was Rhys shot by Monte Hutchins but not fatally wounded? 
Had the crazy old man been holding Rhys captive in that house – for a whole decade? It was unthinkable, but not impossible. It was also a fate far worse than death. 
The police paid a visit to the Hutchins house to investigate following Riley’s anonymous tip-off, but there was never any exhaustive search of the place. To them, Monte Hutchins was an eccentric but harmless recluse with no known criminal history. He was not considered a potential murderer. They would have no reason to search the house. Rhys could have been trapped in the basement the whole time, where his pleas for help would have gone unanswered.
Riley couldn’t begin to imagine what ten years of captivity and psychological torture would do to a person’s psyche. Their sanity would crumble bit by bit before disintegrating like wet tissue paper, and their thirst for revenge would be insatiable.
Should that person ever escape, it was only natural that they would want to exact bloody vengeance on those that had put them there – or anyone else that happened to cross their path.
Rhys was back to make everyone pay for his suffering, whether they were directly responsible or not. Riley had to assume his name was somewhere near the top of the hit list. He would have to move fast and think on his feet to put a stop to this slew of murders.
His first instinct was to call the cops and tell them what he knew about Rhys, but he soon realized this would achieve nothing. If the events of the past few hours were anything to go by, the police would only make the situation worse. He would have to do this without their help.
But before he did anything, he needed to distance himself from the rest of the town. Today’s killings had all happened within his immediate vicinity. He was the common factor, and he was putting everyone else’s life in danger just by being near them.
Running and hiding was what he did best. The former was not a viable option, as he had already discovered tonight, but he could still isolate himself. He could hole up in his hotel room and find something to use as a weapon – cutlery, screwdrivers, broken bottles, sharpened broomsticks, pots of boiling water. Whatever was available. From there it would become a waiting game, watching the door until the killer came for him. His plan was far from sophisticated, but it would get the job done. He hoped.
He stepped out of Legrand’s. The warmth of the day had passed. The night air held an unexpected chill.
The Giacobbe Hotel was on the other side of the road, about halfway down the block. He hurried across. He was almost there when he noticed Shelley out the front.
He spotted her a moment before she saw him. She had just left the hotel. It was too late to hide. This was the last thing he needed. 
She had returned to her room to fetch her coat – or at least that appeared to be the reason why she was there, however unlikely that seemed. He knew she was only there to make life difficult for him and prevent him from getting where he needed to go. Like the car with the faulty airbags, she was just another obstacle put in his way. He would have to use his wits to get around her.
He walked up to the entrance, moving his right hand over his left to hide the cut he had just sustained. He was bleeding all over his shirt cuff, but that was the least of his concerns.
“Riley, where are you going now?” Shelley said as he approached. Her arms were crossed, her face molded into a dark scowl.
“I’m heading up to my room,” he said. “I’m not feeling well.”
He had to be careful with his words and actions. Gerald Zhao’s remark about swimming against a raging current was fresh in his mind. If it looked like he was trying to run away, he would end up back where he started.
Shelley scoffed and shook her head. “I suppose it was too much to expect you to be a considerate brother to Izzy for one day. A simple request, but apparently far too unreasonable.”
“I’m just tired. That’s all. It’s been a long day.”
He wanted to say more, but he thought it best to leave it at that. He tried making a move to get in through the doors. She anticipated this by stepping to the side to prevent him from going any further.
“This is so typical of you,” she said. “Are you trying to ruin your sister’s day on purpose? Or do you just do whatever you feel like without thinking about how it affects anyone other than yourself?”
He could see what was happening. She was trying to distract him by luring him into an argument, but he couldn’t take the bait. The less she knew about what was going on, the better. She didn’t need to know that he had just watched a man die right in front of him, or that he had seen the killer with his own eyes. Or even that the killer was real and not the figment of an overactive imagination. Knowledge and self-awareness were dangerous.
“Can you please just let me go to my room?” There was a touch of desperation to his plea. He was hoping she might take pity on him. “I don’t have the energy for this right now. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
He made another attempt at getting through, which was again thwarted by Shelley blocking his path.
“I honestly don’t know what’s wrong with you,” she said. “I only asked you to behave like a normal human being, and look what happens. Everything’s a disaster. My car gets impounded. You get arrested. You disappear for hours. Then you come back, and I hear something about a crashed car. And now you’re spreading these ridiculous stories about crazed lunatics running wild? I just don’t understand. Is this your way at getting back at me for making you come here today? Are you really that vindictive?”
He held his tongue. “I’m sorry Shelley, but I really have to go.”
He tried moving past, a little more forceful this time. Shelley grabbed hold of his sleeve. He tried to pull away, but she would not let go.
“I’m tired of this, Riley. This has gone on for too long. You have embarrassed this family enough. It’s time for you to grow up. You need to stop running away from your problems and begin acting like a responsible adult.”
“Shelley, let go of me and stop talking! Please!”
She went to respond. He wasn’t going to give her the opportunity.
“You need to stop ordering me around! Stop telling me what to do, and stop trying to control me! In case you haven’t noticed, there’s been a lot of strange things happening around here tonight. People are dying at an alarming rate, and as far as I can tell I’m the only one who seems to care. If you don’t want to take any of this seriously, fine, don’t. But would it kill you to shut up and listen to someone other than yourself for just one minute?”
This outburst resulted in something he had never before witnessed: his older sister at a loss for words. He had never spoken to her like that. In all likelihood, nobody had ever spoken to her like that. She actually recoiled, as if the force of his words had thrown her off-balance.
He saw this as his chance. He shrugged free and stepped around her, and he passed through the front doors. He was inside the hotel foyer. He had made it, and nothing could stop him from here.
He was twenty feet inside when he next heard Shelley speak.
“Riley, wait a minute!”
He looked back over his shoulder without stopping. As soon as he did this, he realized it was a mistake. He should have ignored her. He should have put his head down and kept going. But he didn’t, and he saw what happened next.

The barman placed another Sazerac on a napkin and slid it across to Callum Dorfman. Callum looked at it for a long minute before finally gulping half of it down. He’d thrown back seven in the past couple of hours, and this would almost certainly not be his last. He would need many more to erase the events of earlier in the evening from his memory.
He was doing all he could to deal with his public humiliation, but the booze just wasn’t cutting it. It only made things worse, the incident replaying in his head on an endless loop. He saw himself being ridiculed and emasculated in front of his wife, his friends, basically the entire town. Begging for mercy and crying like a little girl with a grazed knee. That junkie scum holding a gun to Megan’s head. Bringing up a long-forgotten incident from his past, for which there was a perfectly innocent explanation. No doubt there were already vicious rumors circulating.
It wasn’t a gay porno magazine that had fallen out of his locker all those years ago. That was an absurd accusation. It was a gay lifestyle magazine. There was a world of difference between the two. And it was one he’d purchased by mistake. This was around the time he was getting into working out and lifting weights. The magazine had a buff shirtless guy on the cover, and so he naturally assumed he was buying a fitness magazine. It was the stupid newsagent’s stupid fault for putting it in the wrong section. That one careless misplacement had caused him untold pain and angst over the years.
But the last thing he wanted to do was sit there all night and marinate in his own misery, like an old barfly ruminating over past mistakes. That wasn’t going to do him any favors. He was a winner. A leader. An alpha. He was King Callum, damn it. He had to drag himself out of this rut for the sake of his own self-worth. And while there was nothing he could do to stop the ugly rumors from spreading, there was at least one thing he could do to help restore his dignity and make himself feel better. He needed to get laid, and fast.
Marital relations were out of the question, and probably would be for the foreseeable future. Megan was still in a sour mood after what had happened earlier, and the two of them had got into a huge fight about it. She was furious with him, claiming he hadn’t done enough to help when her life was in danger, and that he placed his own ego ahead of her wellbeing. He thought this was a pretty selfish attitude, especially considering the personal trauma he had suffered through. Even after he explained this all to her, she still refused to see it from his perspective. He had sent several text messages and tried calling her, but she was ignoring him.
He would need to look further afield for female companionship tonight.
He scanned the reception for potential candidates. Drunk and desperate girls were a dime a dozen at a Krumbleton wedding, and tonight was no exception. He mentally evaluated them one by one, ranking them on qualities such as attractiveness, level of intoxication and presumed suggestibility, until his gaze landed on Aubrey and Mackenzie Bowen, stumbling barefoot around the dancefloor and hassling the wedding band to play something by Post Malone.
He remembered that Aubrey had started high school just as he’d finished. He was thirty now, so that would make her about twenty-four. Mackenzie was many years younger; she was the product of their father’s second marriage. So Aubrey was of legal age, while Mackenzie was probably sixteen or seventeen.
Mackenzie, he decided, was the better option, and the safer bet. She would be easier to impress, as well as having a much lower tolerance for alcohol.
His plan was simple, but he knew from experience the odds of it succeeding were roughly eighty percent. He would buy the sisters a drink each, in a friendly and non-threatening manner. Mackenzie would get a double vodka, but he would tell her it was a single. She was young and unlikely to know the difference. He’d give her another one after that. Then he’d progress to shots, except he would order too many, so she would be cajoled into downing multiple. This would all happen within a fifteen-minute time frame, before the effects of all the drinks really hit. From there it was just a couple of basic moves and maneuvers – separating Mackenzie from Aubrey, luring her outside for some fresh air – before she was in a semi-conscious state in the back of his Subaru.
The barman was preparing the first of the vodkas when his phone buzzed with a text message: where r u?? im waiting
He glanced at the message. It came from an unknown number. He thought about ignoring it, but decided to reply: who dis?
Twenty seconds later: u forgotten me already? its Alessandra lol
Alessandra? He rifled through his memory. He didn’t know anyone named Alessandra. Although he had met a lot of people tonight, and he was pretty wasted by this point.
Another message arrived: im at giacobbe hotel. y u make me wait???
The Bowen sisters were all but forgotten. This mystery woman, whoever she was, now commanded his full attention. It didn’t matter that he had no recollection of ever meeting her. She had to be hot. Nobody named Alessandra could ever be plain, and he wouldn’t flirt with or hit on anything less than an eight. His standards were high. He took pride in this fact.
He bashed out a rapid response: room number?
The reply: i told u im not in my room. up on roof. meet u there loverboy xxx
Then another: this offer will self destruct in five minutes
This almost seemed too easy. He had considered the possibility that she may have been texting the wrong person – after all, she hadn’t addressed him by name. If that was the case, he’d better get over there before she realized her mistake.
He made it up the stairs and onto the roof of the Giacobbe Hotel four minutes and forty-three seconds after Alessandra’s last message.
It was dark up there, almost pitch black. That was good. If she was expecting someone else, and if she was as drunk as he suspected, it’s unlikely she would be able to tell the difference.
The stairwell door closed behind him. He was alone. Or he couldn’t see anyone. Maybe it was too dark. He worried that he might have missed his chance. But then he heard someone approach from behind.

“Would it kill you to shut up and listen to someone other than yourself for just one minute?”
Riley would later regret his choice of words – his phrasing in particular – even though, at the time, he had no way of knowing this would be the last thing he would ever say to his sister, seconds before he stepped around her and entered the hotel. Had he known this, he certainly wouldn’t have spat them with such vitriol.
But he wasn’t to know, and as such these were the last words Shelley heard before being flattened by a heavy falling object.
The visceral crunch of the two masses merging with the pavement would be forever etched in his memory.
He was instantly rendered immobile. As hard as he tried, his brain was incapable of processing what he had just witnessed. None of it made sense. He was not equipped to deal with this.
The madness was multiplying the longer the night wore on. Sheer pandemonium had taken over. One moment Shelley was alive, the next she was in a messy heap on the pavement, entangled with some random human that had fallen from the clear black sky. It took some time for everything to sync in his mind, and for him to notice that the body that had landed on her was almost certainly dead as well. It took a little longer to identify the body as that of Callum Dorfman.
When the shock finally hit, it plowed into him like a battering ram. 
He rushed back outside and looked up to the roof. Someone was up there, peering over the edge, staring right back at him. The person who presumably threw Callum to his death. Even though their face was hidden behind a white skull mask, he could somehow detect a smirk lurking beneath the rubber.
The masked killer taunted Riley with a small wave before he vanished from sight.
Blood roared in his ears. An incendiary cocktail of emotions took over, a combination of terror, rage and total bewilderment. He wanted to bound up the stairs and onto the roof. He needed to confront this maniac, once and for all. This had progressed far beyond any sort of spree-killing lunacy. Now, it was obviously personal. The killer was targeting him. He wanted to harm him, and the people around him. If he couldn’t get to Riley, he would go after those closest to him. He wasn’t going to stop at Shelley, either. Izzy or Doug might be next. Or Megan.
This was Rhys exacting his revenge, one body at a time. Payback for the events of ten years ago – and for every day since.
But as much as he wanted to do something, he was in no condition to race up onto the roof. He was overwhelmed with sensations and endorphins he could not control. It was too much to handle. The world around him turned fuzzy. 
By the time his mind had cleared he didn’t know where he was.

Shelley had a life insurance policy with Xakli Insurance. This was a standard part of her salary packaging, as it was for all senior management. However, after reviewing her claim it was determined that no payment would be forthcoming to her next of kin.
The fone.ONE police force would declare Callum Dorfman’s death a suicide, a ruling backed up by the coroner. It was said that he leapt from the roof of the Giacobbe Hotel, unable to deal with the humiliation dealt to him by Damien Crothers earlier that evening. Several guests reported seeing him drinking heavily in the hours leading up to his death. Shelley was just an innocent bystander, in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Even though she was covered for accidental death, Xakli Insurance chose to declare the policy null and void due to a literal interpretation of the terms and conditions. They argued that they were under no obligation to honor life insurance policies if the death was the result of a suicide. While Shelley’s death was clearly an accident, it was also due to a suicide. The fact that Shelley was not the one to take her own life was deemed immaterial to the claim, and the payout was denied.

Chapter Sixteen

There was no way for Riley to know how long the fugue state lasted. It could have been hours, or it could have been a few minutes. Reality became twisted and distorted, the world turning inside-out as linear time was sucked into a black hole.
It was long enough to wander several blocks. He knew this because when situational awareness finally returned, he saw that he had stumbled into the Piper Street convenience store. It was a mystery as to how he ended up here, with no memory or control over his actions. The lost time could have been a psychological defense mechanism, his mind shutting down after seeing four people, including his own sister, killed right in front of him today, and discovering the body of a fifth, the cumulative effects of the trauma gradually overwhelming him. Or perhaps it was a convenient plot device designed to get him here.
He didn’t know anymore. It was impossible to keep up with everything going on around him.
He wandered through the store, still fighting his way through a murky daze, still not feeling right in the head, oblivious to the odd looks he received from the mustachioed Pringles-munching clerk behind the counter. What he saw was a blur of consumable items: sodas, confectionery, potato chips, tinned food, milk, motor oil, ice cream. A schlubby taxi driver overfilling a Styrofoam cup at the self-service coffee machine. An ATM with a handwritten out of order note taped to the screen. A shelf filled with a paltry selection of magazines and newspapers, half of which were out of date. A few cheap paperbacks on a display stand next to those.
He found himself staring at the paperbacks. One in particular had captured his attention, nestled between a James Patterson thriller and Nicholas Sparks’ latest. The name of the novel was Two-Headed Boy. The author was Langdon Pryce. It was on sale for $6.99, reduced from $10.99.
That name again: Langdon Pryce.
Prior to today, he was barely even aware of the bestselling author. He had certainly never read anything of his. Now he seemed to be popping up in his life every five minutes. There was the book that his ex had left behind at his place. There was the film adaptation of one of his novels that he saw on the TV in his hotel room. There were ads in magazines. Interviews on the radio. Snatches of overheard conversation. Roadside billboards. The audiobook Lyle played in the police cruiser. All of a sudden, he was inescapable. That had to mean something. He didn’t know what – he was feeling especially weak between the ears by this point – but he wanted to find out.
He grabbed the book off the stand and tossed ten dollars on the counter on his way out. He didn’t wait around for his receipt or change.
This whole time, Riley had assumed that it was some no-name hack writer controlling his every move. Not once did it occur to him that one of the most famous authors on the planet may have been the one responsible.
He stood under a streetlight and skimmed the opening pages of Two-Headed Boy. He wasn’t sure what he was looking for. Just that one elusive clue, or something to tell him where to go from here. Anything that might be of use to him. He’d know it when he saw it.
The first twenty pages led nowhere. He was in too much of a hurry to read it properly. He ran his eyes over each page, hoping a word or sentence would leap out and provide all the answers.
He came to a section in the middle of the book where the story switched abruptly from horror-thriller to highly charged erotic fiction, a laughably bad passage of fantasy porn and fetishistic consumerism. A few pages later it switched back to horror-thriller again, with no explanation as to what had just taken place or why it was in there.
He flicked to the end. The publisher’s details were on the second-to-last page, along with the rest of the credits. They were called Invisible Inc. There was a web address at the bottom of the page. Maybe that could be a lead.
He brought up the website on his phone. He found the address for their main offices in the Contact Us section. He used an online telephone directory to look up their phone number.
He dialed, and a woman’s voice answered: “Thank you for calling Invisible Inc. You’re speaking with Rose. How may I assist you?” 
“Rose. Hi. My name is Riley. Riley Haig.” His throat was parched, his voice hoarse. “I, um ...” He tried to swallow but couldn’t. “I’m not sure if this is possible, and you’re probably going to say no, but I need to contact one of your authors. Um, Langdon Pryce. I was hoping you could put me in touch with him. It’s kinda urgent.”
“Certainly, Riley,” Rose said in her friendliest customer service voice. “I can help you with that.”
“You can?” This came as a surprise. He didn’t expect it to be this easy.
“Obviously I can’t give you his personal details. But I can direct you to our website where you can submit your enquiry through a web form. Our staff will review this and get back to you within two business days.”
“I have to wait two days?”
“Two business days. Tomorrow is Sunday. If you submit your request now you should have a response by close of business Wednesday.”
Frustration was simmering. The urge to punch something was growing. “Is there any other way? I really can’t wait that long.”
“I’m sorry Riley, that’s the best I can do.” Her tone remained sunny and accommodating. “But like I said, if you complete the web form, someone will be in touch with you soon.”
“You don’t understand, this is –”
“No, you don’t understand.” The congeniality had disappeared, and Rose’s patience evaporated like dry ice. “In addition to being one of the most successful writers of his generation, Langdon Pryce is a very private individual. Do you have any idea how many calls Invisible Inc. receive from people like you? If you think we’re going to give out his phone number to every nutcase or fanboy that asks, you’re sadly mistaken.”
“But I –”
The call ended, and Riley’s protests were heard by the dial tone.
An empty can was perched on the gutter nearby. He kicked it, and a jet of stale beer sprayed up his left leg. It wasn’t quite as empty as he thought.
He racked his brains as he wiped himself down with a wad of old newspaper. There had to be some other way of getting in touch. Maybe he knew someone who knew someone else who might have once met Langdon Pryce. The more he thought about it though, the more unlikely that seemed. Riley Haig and Langdon Pryce may as well have existed in separate universes.
Stefan Asher. Out of nowhere, the name of his twenty-three-year-old boss appeared uninvited his mind.
He recalled eavesdropping on a conversation at work a few months ago where Stefan bragged that he once dated Tallulah French, a moderately famous B-movie actress who had a small role in Ashtray Wasp, a little-seen six-part made-for-TV adaptation of a Langdon Pryce novel. He had no real desire to speak to his boss outside of work hours. He didn’t even like speaking to him within working hours. Besides, the odds of Stefan being able to connect him to Tallulah French, who would in turn connect him to Langdon Pryce, were infinitesimal. He doubted Stefan even knew Tallulah French at all; much of what he claimed was fanciful, especially when it came to his success with women. But he had to at least try. It wasn’t as if he had too many other options.
He opened his contacts list.
Stefan’s name was not in there. All the names were missing, except for one. He had forgotten he did not have his usual phone with him. This was the fone.ONE T-1000 Ultra that Nicola had given him earlier today.
It was Nicola’s name and number in the contacts. She must have slipped it in before handing it over.
A moment of despair, before a brainwave hit. He called the number.
Nicola had mentioned that she was working the late shift at fone.ONE tonight. Maybe she could help. Probably not, but by this point he had nothing to lose by asking.
She answered on the third ring.
“Nicola, it’s Riley,” he said as soon as she picked up. “Riley Haig. From before, at the gas station. And, you know, from growing up in Krumbleton and everything. I need you to do me a huge favor. It’s a long shot, but I’m desperate and I don’t know where else to turn.”
The words came tumbling out before she had the chance to say hello.
“Riley. Hi. I wasn’t sure if you were going to call. I mean, I’m glad you did –”
“There’s someone I’m trying to track down.” He spoke like he had a shot clock to beat. “I don’t have time to go over the whole story, but trust me, it’s very important that I get in touch with them as soon as possible. So ... I was kinda hoping you could look up a phone number for me.”
Seconds of dead air followed.
“I ... um, I don’t know if I can do that Riley,” Nicola said.
“I know I’m asking a lot, but this is urgent. I wouldn’t ask otherwise.”
“I’m sure it is, but fone.ONE has a very strict privacy policy. What you’re asking me to do is a serious breach of customer confidentiality. If anyone found out I’d be fired on the spot.”
“I understand if you can’t do it,” he said. “I just want you to know this is a matter of life and death. I’m not exaggerating when I say that.”
Further silence. The sound of wailing sirens rang out in the distance.
“You know that I’ll only be able to find their number if they’re a fone.ONE customer?” Nicola spoke slightly above a whisper.
“I just need you to look. You really are my last hope. If you can’t help me, I don’t know what I’m going to do.” He exhaled quietly. He realized he had been holding his breath.
“Okay,” she finally said. “Who are you looking for?”
He hesitated before answering. “Langdon Pryce.”
“Langdon Pryce? You mean Langdon Pryce, the famous writer guy?”
“Yes. Langdon Pryce, the famous writer guy.”
He half-expected this to be the final straw, the moment where she laughed and told him never to bother her again before hanging up in his ear.
“Hold on a second,” she said.
Her voice brimmed with uncertainty. He could only imagine what must be going through her mind right now. She probably thought he was an obsessed superfan, or a deranged stalker. He could hardly blame her if she did.
He heard the tapping of keys down the phone line as the details were entered. Two of Nicola’s co-workers chatted away in the background, discussing an unnamed colleague’s recent divorce, fossicking through the salacious details, unaware their conversation was being broadcast to a total stranger.
“It might take a while for the search results to come up,” Nicola said. “Our systems have been running super slow tonight.”
“That’s fine.” He moved his feet up and down, kind of pacing on the spot to give him something to do. Standing still was not an option. He was seconds away from jumping out of his skin.
There was the further tapping of keys, and some more inane chatter from the two office gossip hounds.
The sirens grew louder, until an ambulance and a police car screamed past, en route to the double fatality a few streets over.
“So I was thinking,” Nicola said after a minute of waiting. “I don’t know if you have any plans for tomorrow, but there’s this new Asian fusion joint that’s opened on Glenvale Road.”
“An Asian fusion joint?”
“I know, pretty fancy, right? Krumbleton’s moving into the twenty-first century.” An embarrassed laugh followed. “But I’m told the food there is to die for. Like, as good as anything you’ll get in the bigger cities. So if you’re not doing anything ...”
The implied question hung in the air for a moment.
“You want to meet up for lunch?” Riley said.
A shy giggle. Nicola sounded twelve years old again. “Yeah. I mean, only if you want to.”
He didn’t quite understand what was happening here – why he was being asked out on what sounded like a date, or why Nicola was showing such an interest in him all of a sudden. Something told him to just go with it and not ask questions.
“That sounds ... fun,” he said, with as much enthusiasm as he could muster under the circumstances. 
Almost as soon as he agreed to it, Detective Durant’s parting words from earlier returned to the forefront of his mind.
“Oh, wait. I won’t be around for lunch. I, um ... I have to leave pretty early in the morning.”
He didn’t have to leave. He was fairly certain Durant had no real authority to force him out of town. But still, he didn’t want to stick around any longer than necessary. As long as there was a killer at large, he would prefer to be as far away from Krumbleton as possible. Besides, defying a direct order from Durant would be seen as a provocation, and only lead to further harassment from the Circular Firing Squad.
“Oh,” Nicola said. “Okay then. Don’t worry about it.”
Another protracted silence. The longer it lasted, the more awkward it became. Riley felt an overwhelming urge to fill the empty space with words.
“But ... I don’t have to leave until ten o’clock,” he said. “If you wanna do something for breakfast, maybe we could meet up before I go?”
“Yeah! I’m up for breakfast. That sounds great.” She was back speaking in her regular perky voice.
A time and place was agreed upon: eight a.m. at Hal’s Kitchen. That would still give him enough time to catch the first bus out. Nicola’s enthusiasm returned as she told him how much Hal’s had changed since he would have last seen it, and how he probably wouldn’t even recognize it anymore. The new owners had completely refurbished the place, she said, and the name had been changed to the Whitehorse Eatery, but everyone still called it Hal’s Kitchen, even though old Hal had been dead for years now.
She stopped talking for a moment.
“Okay, we have one Langdon Pryce in our database,” she said. “It could be him, or it might just be a customer with the same name.”
“Is there a phone number?” Riley patted down his pockets. He was looking for a pen that he knew he didn’t have. He’d have to commit the digits to memory.
“The number is 555-407 ...” Nicola stopped midway through. It was a few seconds before she spoke again. “Wow. This is so strange.”
“You mean apart from the number starting with 555?”
“Why would that be strange?”
“Uh, never mind. What is it?”
“I’ve just looked at the customer’s address. Langdon Pryce – or this person called Langdon Pryce – he actually lives here.”
“Here? You mean he lives in Krumbleton? Or in fone.ONE, whatever.”
“Right! Just on the outskirts of town. That’s really weird, isn’t it? I mean, what are the odds?”
It was a preposterous coincidence, but, given the context, it was one that Riley had no trouble accepting. After all, it was only the eighth or ninth most absurd thing to have happened to him today.
“I need that address,” he said.

Interlude IV

Zephyr Lodge – Saturday (Day 5 of 7) – 10:35 p.m.

The Odium.
That was the name Langdon Pryce had bestowed upon it: the repellent combination of fear, disgust, horror and self-loathing that descended every time he found himself in this situation.
He had encountered The Odium during the writing of most of his previous novels, but never to this extent. The other times it was more like extreme annoyance, such as after he had written fifty or a hundred pages without really knowing where the story was going, only to throw it all away and start over when he ran into a dead end.
Starting over was not an option here. He was performing a high-wire act without a safety net, and the further along the wire he walked the more he struggled to keep his balance. He had five days to submit the manuscript, otherwise he would be facing significant financial penalties for failing to meet the terms of his contract. It was too late to turn back.
A debilitating tremor had crippled his hands and was slowly making its way through the rest of his body. There was a tightness in his chest and a biliousness swirling in his stomach. Breathing required deliberate effort. Was this a heart attack? Or perhaps he was in the grip of a really bad trip. He took hold of the Black Steer bottle with both hands and refilled his glass, somehow managing to do so without spilling it, but he stopped before any could pass his lips. If the LSD was causing this freak-out – and it certainly wasn’t helping – then it might not be a good idea to introduce alcohol to the equation.
His last dose of the blotter acid was at around four p.m., almost seven hours ago.
Yesterday, he was fine. He had managed to pump out close to thirteen thousand words for the day, almost half of those while tripping, and it was some of his best ever work. At least, he was fairly certain it was some of his best work – he was in no real position to make an objective judgement about the quality of his own writing. He hadn’t experienced too many after-effects, either. All in all, it was a positive experience. But the new day had brought it all to a crashing halt.
Concerns first emerged about the direction the story was taking when he resumed work late this morning. These concerns had only intensified over the course of the day, looping around in his head until they manifested into something approaching a full-blown panic attack. He had spent the past few days making everything up as he went along, tossing in any idea if he thought it was cool – fourth-wall breaking, random acts of god, ironic ultra-violence, spontaneous combustion, author self-insertion – and hoping it would somehow come together as one cohesive whole. He had deluded himself into believing he was creating something original and worthwhile. Now he could see it was nothing more than a masturbatory exercise, and about as pretentious as a novel that doesn’t put quotation marks around its dialogue. He was throwing random elements into the air to see where they would land with no regard for structure, tone, consistency or character development. He had written himself into a corner, and he hadn’t the slightest idea of what to do from here.
The last couple of hours had been a bipolar experience. There would be a rush of excitement one minute, the giddy thrill that came with knowing that you were breaking new ground and pushing yourself harder than ever. This could be career-defining work, his magnum opus. His fingers could barely keep up as he raced to get it all down. Then the comedown hit, where he saw it for what it really was: smug, self-satisfied, barely readable nonsense. His greatest fears had been realized. He didn’t know what he was doing. The critics were right all along. He was a hack, a fraud, a has-been.
He saw what a foolhardy pursuit this was. He thought that if he could complete the whole thing within a week it would add a degree of purity to his work, and he would write the truth without overthinking it. That was the theory, anyway. Now he was dealing with the soul-crushing realization that he had massively overestimated his own abilities.
It was too late to turn back. Four of his allotted seven days had already been used up. It was all or nothing. 
He was Wile E. Coyote, running off the edge of a cliff, hoping against hope that if he moved his legs fast enough he could defy gravity and stop himself from plummeting to the ground.
He was Donald Crowhurst, the British entrepreneur competing in a solo round-the-world yacht race, only to realize a few weeks into his journey that he was massively ill-prepared and in way over his head. When things began to unravel, he was faced with an impossible choice – return home to humiliation and bankruptcy, or press forward to certain death.
Langdon knew that if he was confronted with the same choice, he would probably do as Crowhurst did. He would plow on ahead and go down with the ship rather than admit defeat.
There was nothing more he could do except keep going and pray for divine intervention. He returned to his MacBook and recommenced typing.
Writing was harder than ever. He squeezed out another fifteen hundred mediocre words, but even that took an hour and a half, and it was like trying to pass a kidney stone. He couldn’t keep this up. Something had to give.
“I’ll get that, shall I?”
It was Taliyah. She stood in the hallway, by the entrance to the living room.
“Huh?”
“The door, Langdon. It’s rung three times now.”
“It has?” He had been so consumed with his spiral of despair that he hadn’t noticed. Everything else had been relegated to background noise.
Taliyah cast an eye over the room. Empty bottles, dirty plates and half-eaten takeout was strewn throughout. The floor was littered with dozens of scraps of crumpled paper. There was an upturned chess board with all the pieces scattered. It looked like he had been living down here for two months rather than two days.
“How long since you last showered?”
His answer was a dismissive shrug. On top of all his other problems, Taliyah had been in a sulky mood, complaining of boredom and accusing Langdon of ignoring her ever since she arrived. He pointed out that it was her idea to come, and it was also her idea to use this time to work on her own novel, but she didn’t want to hear it.
“Can you at least take a shower before Casey arrives?” she said.
Langdon did not respond. He had to get this done, one way or another. But he had hit a brick wall. His concentration had been broken, and he had no idea what to do next. It was a lost cause. Self-doubt had metastasized into creative paralysis, and The Odium was laughing in his face. The blinking cursor waited for him to continue, like someone impatiently tapping their foot, but nothing came.
He could focus on anything but the task at hand. The entire house was a distraction. The ticking of the grandfather clock in the hallway. The low hum of the television speakers on standby mode. Condensation trickling down his glass. Taliyah talking to whoever it was at the front door.
The time display in the corner of his screen told him it was just after midnight. Who was ringing his doorbell at this time of night? He looked up and listened.
It was a male voice. No one he recognized, although they did seem weirdly familiar. He could make out some of what was being said.
“I’m looking for Langdon Pryce.” This was the visitor speaking. “Is he here? I need to speak with him. It’s urgent.”
Langdon looked at the screen, to his last couple of paragraphs. The words he had written just a few minutes ago. He looked back to the door. Then back to the screen.
How potent that Yoda acid was, he wondered just.

Chapter Seventeen

The stately two-story redbrick manor occupied a good portion of the fifteen acres of land it was situated on, a ten-minute cab ride from the center of town. The stone arbor out the front of the property had a sign hanging off it spelling out the street number in cursive script: Five hundred and fifty. Beneath that was a larger sign with the name of the property: Zephyr Lodge.
Despite living in Krumbleton for the first nineteen years of his life, Riley had no idea this place existed.
The front door was at the end of a long blue-grey cobblestone path.
He didn’t know what to expect when he pressed on the doorbell. He couldn’t begin to put into words his reasons for being there. Excuse me sir, you don’t know me and I’m sorry to bother you this late at night, but I think I might be a character in a story you’re writing. Either the door would be slammed in his face or the cops would be summoned.
A minute passed. He rang a second time. Still nothing. He inhaled and exhaled slowly. The day had been long, and fatigue was bearing down on him, due in part to the previous night’s interrupted sleep.
The idea of giving up became more enticing the longer he waited. He’d come up with some dumb ideas before, but this was one for the ages.
He rang the doorbell one more time.
He was moments away from leaving when he heard footsteps coming his way. Thick heels clomping on a hardwood floor.
There was the click of a lock turning, and the door opened. A young flame-haired woman stood on the other side of the threshold. For a brief moment, he thought he was looking at Nicola. It wasn’t her, but she could have easily been her twin. Or perhaps an airbrushed version of Nicola, with anything resembling a flaw or blemish eliminated. Her nose, lips, jawline and chest appeared to have benefited greatly from a surgeon’s knife. Her slight frame was two skipped meals away from an eating disorder, and she wore an outfit straight out of a Vogue spread. But their similarities vastly outweighed any differences. It was as if they were two variations of the same product. He was looking at The Runway Model™ version. Nicola was The Girl Next Door™ version.
The silence stretched as Riley strained to force out anything coherent.
“Yeah?” the woman sneered. With one syllable it became apparent that, for all their physical similarities, she didn’t share Nicola’s warm and engaging personality.
“Um, hi. I’m looking for Langdon Pryce. Does he ... is he here? I need to speak with him. It’s urgent.”
Her eyes gave him the once-over. “And you are?”
“My ... my name is Riley.”
She looked at him for a long time with folded arms. “So what do you want, Riley?”
A voice came from inside the house before he could stammer out a response. “Who is it, Taliyah?”
The redhead stepped away and half-closed the door. “I don’t know who he is,” he heard her say to the person on the other side. “Just one of the local hicks, I think.”
He was left alone for a moment. There were hushed words that he couldn’t decipher. He contemplated leaving again. Then he decided to stay. Then he wanted to leave.
Before he could make a decision either way, the door opened and he found himself face to face with Langdon Pryce.
As soon as the writer saw Riley, all trace of color disappeared from his face as if he was in time lapse. Like he had stared death directly in the eye.
Both men lost the ability to speak for some time.
“You ... you’re Riley?” Langdon finally said.
“Yeah,” Riley said.
“You’re Riley Haig.”
“That’s right.”
“But how ... why ... what are you doing here?”
“I’m here because I need your help –”
“No, no, wait – I know why you’re here. You’re here because I made you come here. But ... what am I doing here?” A deep panic set in as the truth gradually dawned. “Oh no, no, no. This can’t be happening! You shouldn’t be here!”
“I’m sorry to turn up unannounced like this –”
“No, I mean you shouldn’t be here! At all! Or ... I shouldn’t be here! Me and you don’t exist in the same world!”
Langdon covered his face with his hands. His legs weakened. He gripped the door frame to steady himself.
This was a reaction Riley knew all too well. It was one he had experienced first-hand not so long ago. Langdon Pryce was grappling with the possibility that he did not really exist, and he was nothing more than a character in a work of fiction.
“Do you know what this means?” Langdon said once some of the hysteria had left him. “I’ve achieved something that’s both extraordinary and terrifying. I’ve created a story so powerful, a piece of art so transcendent, that it’s altered the very fabric of the universe! Two separate worlds, reality and fiction, have intertwined and merged into one!”
Speculation surrounding Langdon Pryce’s rumored drug habit had swirled for some time. If his dilated pupils and jittery behavior hadn’t confirmed it for Riley, his delusions of grandeur certainly had.
“I think there’s a more likely explanation,” he said.
“What do you mean?”
“I don’t know how to tell you this, but ... I don’t think you’re the real Langdon Pryce.”
“Of course I’m Langdon Pryce! I can show you my driver’s license if you don’t believe me. I have a shelf full of books and a Toole Award with my name on it, too. You can see those if you want.”
Riley took a short breath as he tried to figure out a better way to phrase this. “I’m sure you think you’re Langdon Pryce. And you are, in a way. You’re a version of him. But ... I don’t think you’re the real one. You’re a projection. Whoever is writing this story, whoever it is that’s controlling us – that’s the real Langdon Pryce. The original one. You’re a character he’s created based on himself.”
His words were designed to reassure Langdon, but they had the opposite effect.
“No! I’m the real one. There’s just me! And I can’t be part of your story! I was writing it two minutes ago!”
“It’s too late,” Riley said. “You’re already in it. This is happening, whether you like it or not.”
“No, I’m not! You have to get out of here.”
He grabbed Riley by the arm and tried to force him to leave. Riley shrugged him off.
“Langdon, listen to me!”
“Leave me alone!”
“Langdon!”
Riley’s open-palmed slap across Langdon’s face was like an exploding firecracker. It was a gesture that took them both by surprise. He waited, half expecting Langdon to retaliate with a punch, but he only received a wounded look.
“You need to pull yourself together and deal with this!” Riley said. “If I’m here and you’re here, that means you’re part of the narrative now. You’re as much a character as I am, which means you could be the next victim. I don’t want that to happen any more than you do, since you’re probably the only one who can help me figure this out. But we can only do that if we work together.”
Langdon did not say anything. He just stood there with a thousand-yard stare. The trauma of it all was still sinking in. Eventually, he stepped aside.
“You’d better come in,” he said.

Chapter Eighteen

The front door was secured: lock, chain, and deadbolt. Riley turned the handle and gave it a solid shake to make certain. The windows at the front of the house were next, evaluated one after the other.
He moved on to the oak cabinet further down the hallway. He tried lifting it from one end. It was heavier than it looked.
“Gimme a hand here,” he said.
“What are you doing?” Langdon said.
“We should push this in front of the door. I don’t want to take any chances. If we can seal the house off, we can stop him from getting inside.”
“That’s more likely to prevent us from escaping when he shows up.”
It was unnerving to hear Langdon talk about when the killer would appear, rather than if. 
“But if we can stop him from getting inside in the first place –”
“Except we can’t. The house is too big. There’ll always be a window or door somewhere with a broken latch. Or he’ll pick the lock, or he’ll shimmer down the chimney, or something ridiculous like that. No matter what you do, the antagonist will find a way to get to you. There wouldn’t be much of a story otherwise.”
“Even if it makes no sense?”
“Logic plays no part in this, Riley. When someone is being pursued by a bloodthirsty killer, the reader is – hopefully – too caught up in the story to be thinking about how plausible it all is. Like before – you weren’t thinking about how he went from the cloak room to the roof of the hotel in such a short space of time, were you?”
Riley gave up on the cabinet. “So what do you suggest?”
“I think it’s better to be prepared for when he does arrive,” Langdon said. He was gradually emerging from his shock and beginning to think laterally. Somehow, in the last few minutes, he had become the rational one, just as Riley was growing more agitated. “The first thing we need to do is figure out who it is. We need to know who we’re dealing with.”
“But we know who it is, don’t we? It’s Rhys Henderson.”
“Uh-uh. It’s not Rhys.”
“Of course it is.”
“No. It’s not.”
“Who else is it going to be?”
“I don’t know, but I do know that it’s not him.”
“But everything points to him. The skull mask – it’s the one we used for the robbery. And that was ten years ago tonight! That’s obviously what this is all about.”
“Riley, listen to me. It’s not Rhys. He’s a red herring. I only wanted you to think it was him, but it’s not.”
“So what happened to Rhys? Where is he now?”
“He’s in the same place he’s been for the past ten years – buried in Monte Hutchins’s rose garden. He was shot and killed the night of the robbery. I’m sorry.”
The relief Riley felt upon learning that Rhys was not trying to kill him was offset by a deep sadness with the confirmation that his friend really was dead, and had been this whole time.
“Wait, are you telling me you have no idea who’s doing this?” he said.
“Well ... I wouldn’t say I have no idea,” Langdon said. “I’ve been toying with a number of candidates, but I haven’t settled on anyone yet.”
“That doesn’t make sense. Surely you must know.”
“I’m sorry, but I don’t. I haven’t come to that part yet. I was going to make that decision when I wrote the scene.”
“You begin a story with no idea of how it ends?”
“Yes. That’s my process, and it’s been a pretty successful one up until now, if you don’t mind me saying. Some writers are pantsers, others are plotters. I’m a pantser; I write by the seat of my pants. I sit down and I follow the story, wherever it happens to take me. If I don’t know where it’s going, the reader definitely doesn’t know.”
“So you have no idea who it could be? None at all?”
“Like I said, I drew up a list at the start, but I have nothing beyond that.”
Riley put his hands on his hips, and he huffed out a long breath. He had come here looking for answers, but Langdon appeared to be even more inept at figuring out what to do than he was.
“So where is this list?” he said.

The living room was spotless a few days ago. It now looked like rodents might be nesting among all the trash.
Langdon was on his hands and knees, rifling through a shoebox stuffed with random notes and loose documents.
“It was around here somewhere,” he said. “I remember seeing it a few hours ago.”
Riley helped with the search. He took care to avoid coming into contact with anything that looked like it might have once been used as a napkin or a dishcloth.
He found several sheets of paper stapled together on a shelf by the television. Written across the top in block letters was “CHARACTER PROFILES”.
He turned over a page. The heading for the first profile was “RILEY HAIG”.
He read on.
The one-page summary touched on Riley’s basic biographical information and major life events: his full name, age, physical characteristics, personality traits, family, friends, upbringing, what he was like in school.
He was halfway down the page when he came across seven words that prevented him from reading further. He almost laughed out loud. This had to be a joke. He read them again to make sure he hadn’t imagined it. And again. It was like looking at a magic eye picture; maybe if he stared at those seven words long enough, some sort of logical explanation would form before his eyes.
“Um, Langdon?” he said. “Care to explain this to me?”
Langdon looked up from the jumble of papers he was sifting through. He leapt up off the floor when he saw what Riley was holding. But it was too late. He had already seen it.
His sister Shelley is actually his mother.
“Don’t read that!” Langdon said. “You shouldn’t have read that!”
“Come on, that’s ridiculous.” Riley tried laughing it off, like it must have been a mistake. “It’s not true, is it?”
Langdon snatched the pages out of his hand. “Forget you ever saw that. It’s irrelevant to what we’re doing.”
“But Shelley can’t be my mother. She’s thirty-eight! She’s only nine years older than me.”
“No, she’s seventeen years older than you.”
“What? No, she’s ...”
“She’s forty-six. That’s her real age.”
Riley shook his head. “No, no ... she can’t be ... that doesn’t make any sense ...”
“Didn’t you ever wonder why she was so much older than you and Izzy?”
“Our parents told us they had trouble conceiving. They said we were a complete surprise when we came along.”
“They had trouble conceiving because they were almost fifty by the time you were born. So you and Izzy were a surprise, only for much different reasons. But like I said, you weren’t meant to find that out until later. Just ... try to put it out of your mind.”
“Try to put it out of my mind? You can’t drop something like that on me and expect me to move on like nothing happened!”
“I’m sorry, alright? You weren’t supposed to find out, but now you have and that’s that. What do you want me to do? I can’t turn back time.”
“So if Shelley’s my mother, who’s my father? Is it Doug? No, wait, it can’t be Doug. Or is it?”
“Please, Riley, no more questions. I can’t tell you anything. You already know more than you should. None of that was supposed to be revealed until the sequel.”
“Sequel?” Now he really looked horrified. “Are you telling me I have to go through all this a second time?”
“I don’t know!” Langdon’s patience was fraying, his relative calm dissipating as the stress needled away at him. “Not necessarily. I was just keeping my options open in case the book was a hit. But I know this much – there won’t be any sequels if you’re not alive at the end of this one. So stop talking and help me find the list.”
The search resumed, and the room was upturned. Riley tried to focus on the task at hand, but this was impossible. This monumental revelation was all he could think about.
Finally, after several frantic minutes, the elusive list was located beneath the sofa.
“Found it,” Langdon said, picking himself up off the carpet.
Riley hurried across to look. The list contained fifteen names, scrawled on the back of a credit card statement. He read the first name at the top:

Riley Haig

“Okay, obviously you can rule me out.”
“You never know. You might be the killer.”
“No, Langdon. I’m not. I think I would know if it was me.”
“It’s not beyond the realm of possibility.”
“Do I really need to explain to you why it is beyond the realm of possibility?”
“But if you had a ... what do they call it? One of those dissociative personality disorders. You could be murdering people without being aware of it –”
“Please, stop. That’s not a real thing. Or maybe it is; I’m not a psychiatrist. But if it does exist, it’s not the way you described. There’s no such thing as someone with a split personality where one side is a murderer and the other side is unaware of it.”
“I know it’s not like that in real life, but it’s a common trope in horror fiction. I don’t think we shouldn’t dismiss it completely.”
Riley held back his exasperation. “Let me put it this way. I know there’s a certain amount of ridiculousness in all your novels, but if I was revealed to be the killer, it would create a plot hole so huge the entire story would be at risk of collapsing on itself.”
“Alright, fine. It’s highly unlikely that it’s you.” Langdon scribbled a line through Riley’s name. “Who else could it be?”
There were fourteen more names on the list below Riley’s. They read through them, one by one.
They were:

Selwyn Vickery
Shelley Haig
Doug (last name tbd)
Isabelle Meadows (née Haig) (bride)
Wade Meadows (groom)
Megan Hersh
Callum Dorfman
Father Hyden
Officer Lyle Schultz
Det. Colin Durant
Det. Craig Montgomery
Damien Crothers
Gerald Zhao
Nicola Blackman

Riley assumed the crossed-out names had been eliminated once Langdon had them killed off.
“Any of those jump out at you?” Langdon said.
They went through the list a second time. There were no obvious suspects. “Let’s work backwards,” Riley said. “We can eliminate Izzy, Megan and Nicola, since the killer is obviously male.”
“Are you sure about that? It’s definitely a man?”
“I’m pretty certain.”
“Pretty certain isn’t enough to rule them out completely.”
“Then I’m positive. I mean, isn’t this something you should already know?”
“You’d have a better idea than me. You’ve seen them with your own eyes. To me, they’re just words on a screen.”
“Fine. It’s either a man, or it’s a tall, broad-shouldered woman with a solid build. Neither Izzy, Megan or Nicola fit that description, therefore they can be crossed off.”
Langdon drew a line through the three female names. “Anyone else?”
They considered the remaining six suspects: Selwyn, Doug, Wade, Lyle Schultz and the two detectives.
“I doubt it would be Selwyn,” Riley said. “Or Doug. I can’t imagine either of those two doing anything like this.”
“I’m sure you believe that, but it won’t be anyone obvious. More often than not, it’s the one you’d least expect.”
Riley looked through the names again. Privately he suspected Wade, his new brother-in-law, even though he knew nothing about him. There was just something he instinctively disliked when they met earlier today. Maybe it was his aggressive confidence, or the fact that he seemed a little too perfect and self-satisfied. But was that really enough to consider him a murderer? Besides, the logistics of performing double-duty as both the groom at a wedding and the killer on a rampage suggested he was unlikely to be the culprit.
Although as Langdon had already pointed out, logic was rarely a factor with these matters.
“This list is useless, isn’t it? It tells us nothing we don’t already know. It could literally be anyone.”
Riley fell into the sofa and buried his face in his hands. Despair made his head hurt. He was close to throwing in the towel.
“I still don’t understand. How do you summon a mystery killer without knowing who it is? How is that even possible?”
“I don’t know, Riley. How is any of this possible?” Langdon tossed the credit card bill back onto the pile. “But that’s what I do when I write. I sit down and I keep going until something interesting happens. I have to say, it’s never become quite this interesting before.”
Minutes went by where neither one spoke. Riley stared at the filthy carpet, lost in thought. Trying to come up with something, anything, that might get them out of this.
“What would happen if you kept going?” he said.
Langdon looked at him. “What, with the novel?”
“Right. You said you wrote until something interesting happened. So why don’t you do that? Carry on with what you were doing until you figure out who the killer is.”
Langdon took a moment to consider the idea. “You know, you might be onto something. If I keep writing, I’ll eventually come up with an ending. I suppose I could make that happen. I mean, everything I’ve written so far has happened.”
He pulled up the document on his MacBook.
“Here, look. The last thing I wrote was that you came to the house and rang the doorbell. As soon as I wrote it, that’s when you arrived. And everything else that happened leading up to that point – it’s all something I’ve written.”
“So if you kept going ...?” 
Langdon shrugged. “I don’t see any reason why it wouldn’t work.”
“Does that mean you can make him drop dead from an aneurysm? Or he can be hit by a bus, or attacked by a swarm of killer bees?”
“Sure. And maybe after that I’ll write, ‘Then Riley woke up to discover the whole thing was a dream.’”
“That would be even better,” Riley said, his eyes lighting up.
“Come on, you know I can’t do that. The story can’t end without some sort of confrontation or showdown. There needs to be a satisfying conclusion, otherwise he’ll keep coming after you.”
“Does he really have to, though? Are you sure you can’t have the cops track him down and arrest him?”
Langdon gave him a look. “The ending can’t be that convenient. If the cops arrested him, he’d just find a way to escape, which shouldn’t be difficult given what we’ve seen from the police so far. You’re the one he wants, Riley. He won’t stop until he gets to you.”
This was not what he wanted to hear, but he knew Langdon was right. There was no hiding from the fact. He needed to face his fears and confront the killer. It wasn’t something he was going to enjoy, but it was something he would just have to deal with.
The only thing left to do now was buckle up, rise to the challenge, and come up with a pithy one-liner to end the chapter on.
“So let’s finish this,” he said.

Chapter Nineteen

Langdon forced four Adderall pills down his throat with a glass of water; all four at once, rather than one at a time. This was more than his usual amount, but commensurate with the higher stakes. Lives were on the line here – real lives this time, not made-up lives. He needed to bring his A-game.
He tapped the top of his Toole award. An unconscious gesture, and perhaps a superstitious one too. “Ready?” he said. 
His phone was on speaker, on the coffee table between his MacBook and his whiskey glass. The thought of continuing with a sober mind had been considered but duly abandoned. Embers from this afternoon’s LSD dose still lingered, but it had mostly left his system.
“As I’ll ever be,” Riley said, the quiver in his voice conveying his trepidation. He was on the opposite side of the house.
Their plan, if any of this could be called a plan, was for Langdon to resume working on the novel in the living room, just as he had been before Riley showed up tonight. Through the magic of the writing process, the masked maniac would be summoned to the Zephyr Lodge. The killer would pursue Riley, who would cower and flee in terror. A game of cat-and-mouse would play out – Riley would try fighting back, but the killer would maintain the upper hand throughout. They would carry on like this for some time until Riley found himself trapped. At his most desperate point, the moment where all hope was lost and violent death appeared imminent, he would dig deep within himself and discover a way of turning the tables. The hero would defeat the villain, and good would triumph over evil. 
The scene would climax with the dramatic removal of the rubber skull mask, revealing both the identity of the madman terrorizing the town and his deranged motive. The flashing of red and blue lights through the windows would signal the arrival of the police, and this harrowing ordeal would finally be over.
Riley wasn’t thrilled about any of this, but he knew it had to be done. This was his only hope of making it through to the end with all his extremities attached. He just prayed Langdon knew what he was doing.
“Try to relax,” Langdon said. “Listen to your gut. Do what comes naturally. And remember what I told you: when you find yourself in trouble, anytime your life is in danger, there will always be a way out, and there is always something you can use. Always. At no point will you be left high and dry.”
“Right, right,” Riley said. Langdon again saying when and not if.
“There is always a way out,” Langdon repeated, “and there will always be something you can use. Call me if you have any questions.”
The call ended, and Riley put his phone away.
He stood outside the kitchen with his hands buried in his pockets, uncertain of what he was supposed to do with himself. He waited for something to happen. It still wasn’t clear how this was supposed to work; if he should be the one to initiate the action, or if he should follow Langdon’s lead. Maybe they were one and the same.
After a minute or two he wandered in and opened the refrigerator. It was mostly bare – leftover Thai food, a few pizza slices, German beer, condiments. He drank some apple and cranberry juice straight from the bottle.
It was Langdon’s idea to put as much distance between them as possible. For this to work, he claimed, they could not be in the same vicinity, otherwise the actions of one would affect the other. Riley agreed to this, although he assumed this was something he had just made up. It was more likely that Langdon did not want to be anywhere near the killer when he finally did reveal himself.
A wooden chopping board sat on the bench next to the refrigerator, with three-quarters of a lime and a paring knife on top. He swiped the knife and slipped it into his back pocket before leaving the kitchen. He didn’t know if that was a violation of the rules, but he didn’t care.
Over on the other side of the house, Langdon typed: 

Riley studied the paring knife for a moment before stashing it in his back pocket. It was only small, barely the length of his middle finger, and would probably be as useful as a glass hammer in a confrontation, but he pocketed it nonetheless. Better to have it and not need it than need it and not have it.

The house was easy to get lost in; it was large, and it had an unconventional layout. It took only a few minutes of cautious exploring before Riley’s sense of direction had abandoned him.
Don’t panic, he told himself. Panicking was the one thing guaranteed to get you in trouble.
He continued moving forward until he came to a door leading outside. He pressed his face against the window beside it. There wasn’t much to see other than the darkness – just a lot of trees, and a pile of chopped wood. He was looking out to the rear of the property. He had thought he was closer to the front.
He flicked a switch, and a floodlight lit up the back area. He stood and kept watch, hoping this might give him prior warning of the killer’s arrival.
He left after a few minutes. It probably didn’t work that way.

An hour had passed, and Langdon was becoming antsy. Pages of text had been generated, but nothing of consequence had happened. Worst of all was that his writing was fast becoming stale. The story he was so excited about yesterday was now as engrossing as a department store catalogue. It was as if the past two days of unbridled creativity had never happened, and he had fallen back into old page-filling habits – over-describing every detail, extended flashbacks, lengthy passages of inner monologue. He was putting off what needed to be done, hoping he could miraculously conjure up some other solution in the meantime.
If he kept this up it would undo all his good work. He urgently needed to breathe life back into the story. Punch it in the throat and inject it with a shot of adrenaline. His thoughts drifted to his safe, hidden behind the framed Shepard Fairey print hanging on the wall, and the vial of cocaine locked away inside.
He had been saving it. This was supposed to be his reward for finishing the book. That plan had gone out the window. He needed it now.
He hurried across and entered the six-digit code into the safe’s keypad.
The coffee table was covered in clutter and junk. He looked for a smooth surface to rack up a line. The closest one available was the copy of Bloodstain. That’ll do.
He felt the glorious surge of confidence and fortitude as he hoovered up the line with a rolled-up hundred-dollar bill. This was quality stuff, top shelf. It was exactly what he needed. In fact, he needed another.
He inhaled the second line, and he returned to the MacBook to resume writing.
Only there was no need to – because the words were appearing on the screen with no input from himself.
A common criticism of many Langdon Pryce novels, especially his more recent work, was that they were formulaic. Langdon himself would admit that he had phoned it in more than once. The last couple had definitely been written on autopilot. But this was the first time one of his stories had literally written itself.
Line after line, the story kept coming. Like a virus, or something more malevolent.
He tapped the escape key. This did nothing to stop it. He kept tapping. The words continued to come, describing the events as they happened. He could see Riley entering the dining room. He was being led into a dead end.
His own name appeared somewhere within the text. A chill crawled down his spine.
He leaned in for a closer look, watching the words as they came up, not wanting to look but unable to look away.
He saw:

Glimpsing his own name in the text caused Langdon Pryce to immediately cease his pounding on the keyboard. He watched with a mixture of fascination and horror as the words flowed with zero input from himself, as steady and unstoppable as water from a broken pipe, the story simultaneously playing out before his eyes and all around him. He hadn’t the slightest idea of what was causing this, nor how to stop it.

The bizarre phenomenon transfixed him to such an extent that he failed to notice that the skull-faced monster had entered his house undetected. He didn’t hear him as he slipped into the living room.

The intruder now stood behind the oblivious writer. A heavy oblong statuette was in his gloved hands. It was the Toole award, the prestigious literary prize bestowed upon Langdon Pryce at the age of twenty-four, making him the youngest ever recipient. He lifted the object into the air and brought it down on

He read no further.
Blackness.

The lights in the dining room chandelier flickered on and off. The temperature appeared to plummet several degrees. Riley could sense that something was not right.
He took out his phone, but hesitated. He didn’t want to bother Langdon unless it was urgent. A weird feeling probably didn’t qualify as an emergency.
But they had been doing this for more than an hour, and still nothing had happened. He wanted to touch base, just to make sure everything was fine on his end.
He dialed and waited for Langdon to pick up. This never came. Instead, he heard a series of beeps and bleeps that grated on his ears. Next came a recorded voice: The network is currently experiencing an unusually high level of activity. We are unable to connect your call. Please try again later. fone.ONE apologizes for any inconvenience. Stay connected!
He tried again and received the same message.
“Come on, come on,” he said, praying his next attempt would be the one to get through, even though he knew this was unlikely. A cell phone in a horror story proving to be unreliable at a crucial moment – this was always going to happen.
He gave up after the fifth attempt.
He was in two minds about what to do next. He knew he was supposed to carry on with the plan, but the loss of contact troubled him. Better to play it safe. He would go back to check in with Langdon and make sure everything was alright.
That was what he told himself, but it was just a convenient excuse to bail.
He stepped out into the hallway.
A dark figure waited for him at the other end. He saw only a human outline, and the gleam of the sliver blade in his hand.
Riley stopped in his tracks. It was too late to flee. His nemesis was here.
Intellectually, he knew this person was not real, and they were nothing more than a fictional construct summoned out of thin air. But he also knew this knowledge was useless to him. The crippling fear overtaking him was as real as anything else in his life. Any fictional pain inflicted upon him would be indistinguishable from real pain.
The figure stepped forward. Riley retreated to the room he had just come from.
His gut wanted him to keep running – find a way out of there and get as far away from this place as possible. His brain stopped him from doing this. He remembered what Langdon had told him: he had to deal with this if he wanted it to end, even if it went against his every instinct. He had to fight back.
He looked around for something to defend himself with. There is always something you can use. There should be some sort of weapon here. If there was, he couldn’t see it.
The masked killer was at the doorway.
Riley grabbed the object closest to him – one of the dining chairs. He held it out in front of him like a novice lion tamer.
This did nothing to ward off the killer. He lunged forward with the knife primed. Riley swung the chair wildly in front of him. The killer ducked back to dodge the hit.
He swung again, and again. On the fourth swing, the killer caught one of the legs with his free hand. A tug of war commenced, the killer easily overpowering Riley. The chair was wrenched from his hands and tossed aside in an intimidating display of strength.
He now stood alone and unarmed in a room where the only exit was blocked by a knife-wielding maniac.

Lucidity came and went for Langdon like bad TV reception. He would force himself up onto his hands and knees, a dysphoric pounding in his head, and coke- and booze-bile pushing at the back of his throat, as he made another attempt at climbing to his feet. He would get up halfway before the double-vision came, a prelude to the blackness, soon to be followed by him waking up with his face pressed against the carpet with no idea of how much time had elapsed. The mind was eager but the body unwilling.
He looked up. The edge of the coffee table was two feet above his head. He put one hand on the side, and then the other. Using what little strength he had, he hauled himself up.
He rested his head against the table’s glass surface. He knew if he tried standing, or even just propping himself up without support, he would end up back on the floor.
A stream of blood and sweat trickled down his forehead and into his eye. He took a moment to blink away the salty stinging.
He pushed at the corner of the MacBook, swiveling it around until he was eye level with the screen. The words were still streaming across, the story continuing on its own volition, playing out with no external input. It was coming too fast for him to make sense of it, especially in his current state, but the glimpses he caught gave him an idea of what Riley was going through.
... killer advances ... gleam of the blade ... Riley cornered ... whites of his eyes ... no way out ... murderous intent ...
He kept one hand on the table’s surface for balance, and he used the other to peck away at the keyboard, typing with two fingers. His vision wavered, and he could barely make out the keys, but with enormous effort he managed to add three words to the manuscript before losing consciousness once more: chandelier falls down

Despite Langdon’s earlier assurances, there was nothing Riley could use to defend himself. He was backed into a corner. All he had was his bare hands and his wits.
Attempting to outmaneuver the killer was his only remaining option. Maybe he could fake running left and then go right. Or he could try to anticipate his next movement, ducking back when the knife was swung at him. Or perhaps do something completely unexpected, like dropping to the floor and kicking his legs out from under him in some sort of semi-improvised kung-fu move.
These were all strategies he held little faith in. When the killer was in such close proximity, he would have to be drunk, blind, and have the reflexes of a sloth to not at least injure him in some way.
The killer came for him. Riley kept his eyes firmly on his center of gravity, watching which way he was going. He would stay where he was and not make a move until the last possible moment. He hoped he was doing the right thing. He would find out soon enough.
He felt his insides twist. This was it.
Clonk. A five-inch screw landed on the hardwood floor between them.
Both stopped and looked up. The chandelier in the middle of the room now hung at a thirty-degree angle. It moved slightly, swaying back and forth as if a strong breeze had blown through the room.
Then came a squeaking noise, followed by a tremendous groan as the entire unit came crashing down.
The killer dived out of the way. The center column missed his head by inches, instead striking him on the shoulder. The force of the hit threw him to the floor.
Riley didn’t wait around to ponder the timing of his good fortune. He escaped through the doorway and bounded up the stairs.

The first three doors he tried on the second floor were locked. The fourth was open. He burst through and slammed it closed behind him.
He flicked the lock, and he stopped to catch his breath. He found himself in total darkness, unable to see beyond the tip of his nose. His nerves were shredded, his heart jackhammering. Blood trickled down his hand. The cut had opened up.
He pawed his way around the room, using the light from his phone to guide him. He came to a dusty mantelpiece with a few framed photographs and several ornaments. They looked old, probably left behind by a previous owner. At the center of the mantelpiece was a solid bronze candlestick and a box of matches.
The matches must have been sitting there for years, but he managed to get one to ignite.
He lit a candle, and a small amount of light was brought to the room. Enough to move around without tripping over anything. This was the study, he now realized. The place where Langdon had been conducting the majority of his day-to-day writing.
There was a wall at the far end of the room. The other walls were bare, but this one was covered almost from floor to ceiling in pieces of paper and 5 x 8 inch index cards. He held the candle up closer. At first glance, it looked like something the FBI might devise when determining the structure and hierarchy of an organized crime syndicate. Upon closer examination, he saw that he had stumbled across what appeared to be the outline for the entire novel.
He leaned in to read one of the index cards. It had the title “the police station interview”. The card next to that was labeled “riley meets officer lyle schultz”. A few spaces along was “exploding airbags + car crash”. Then came “gerald zhao in the cloak room”.
Each title had several bullet points beneath it, summarizing the key events for that scene.
It kept going like this. Every movement and action from the past day and a half was mapped out in front of him. It was a weird out-of-body experience, seeing his whole life, his whole existence, visualized in such a way.
He could have stayed there all night, but he had to keep moving to find a way out of there.
He continued on through the room. He came to a door, which led to another room – an adjoining bathroom. He switched the light on and set the candlestick down. Only then did he notice just how much he was bleeding.
He rinsed his hand under the faucet and used a towel to dry himself. There was a bandage in the cabinet above the basin. He wrapped this around the wound. It was a little tight at first, but more comfortable on the second attempt. It should be enough to stop the bleeding for now.
He closed the cabinet door, just as a chilling realization struck.
It hit him at the exact moment he pushed the door closed. Right when it began to swing on its hinges. He recognized his fatal error a fraction of a second after he had done it, but it was too late. His reflexes were not fast enough.
The cabinet door slammed shut with a dramatic bang.
The masked killer now stood directly behind him. The bronze candlestick was in his hands.
Riley could see him in the mirror’s reflection.
It was perhaps the oldest cliché in the pantheon of horror fiction: the villain coming from nowhere to startle the victim, appearing in the mirror with no explanation as to how they came to be there. By opening and then closing the bathroom cabinet, he had effectively summoned him into existence.
The candlestick was held high in the air. He didn’t see the blow to the back of his head, but he sure as hell felt it.

Chapter Twenty

Riley’s eyelids felt like they weighed fifty pounds each. Wrenching them open was a laborious ordeal. Holding them open for more than a few seconds bordered on the impossible. His brain only wanted to power down and return to a sleeping state, possibly forever.
The brief moments he did manage to catch were little more than an abstract blur. The world around him was in melted watercolor. He wondered, briefly, if he had been granted the resolution he desired most – waking up to discover this was all a dream. Wishful thinking, he knew.
Full cognizance returned a few minutes later, and he became aware of his surroundings. He was slumped in a wooden chair, in an unfamiliar room. Coarse twine held his wrists to the armrests. His ankles were bound to the chair’s legs. His neck ached when he tried moving his head, which thumped like the bass drum in a trance song.
He had company. Someone else was in the room. He couldn’t see them properly, but he could hear heavy breathing and the occasional moan.
His vision settled a little, and the blurred figure on the other side of the room came into focus. It was Langdon. His condition was even more severe than his own. Blood covered the left side of his face and neck, streaming from the inch-wide cut above his eye. As well as the twine around his wrists and ankles, both his hands had been nailed to the chair’s armrests. Riley could only assume the Christ metaphor was deliberate.
He may have been scared before, but now he was petrified. He knew what this was. They had arrived at the gratuitous torture-porn section of the story. Most Langdon Pryce novels had at least one chapter like this, where the esteemed writer would vomit out twenty to thirty pages of grotesque ultra-violence, unnecessarily over-described in lurid detail. They were about to be eviscerated in the most creatively obscene ways imaginable for the gratification of the perverts and sadists that comprised a significant proportion of Langdon’s audience.
Minutes rolled by in silent contemplation. The two men sat with their heads bowed.
“So now what do we do?” Riley finally said. He was able to hold his eyes open a little longer. “Do we just sit here and wait for him to turn us into deli meat?”
Langdon lifted his head. This required considerable effort. “There’s always something you can use,” he said, his words coming in a mangled murmur. “Whenever a character finds themself in a situation like this ... there’s always a way out ... something they can use ... or someone they can call. It might not be obvious ... but it’ll be here.”
The phone. Riley could feel it in his pocket. The killer hadn’t taken it. Although, with his arms restrained, he had no way of reaching it.
“I tried calling you earlier,” he said. “I couldn’t get through. Something about the network being overloaded.”
“That happens around here,” Langdon drawled. “The whole town has unlimited free calls, and so people tend to abuse the privilege. Parents will call up their kids in another room rather than getting up to talk to them. Teenagers spend whole days chatting with friends. Every now and then, it jams the network.”
“Maybe if I can get my phone out I can try again,” Riley said.
He shifted around in his seat, trying to nudge the phone from his pocket. It barely moved.
“Don’t bother. It doesn’t work like that. Even if you did manage to make the call, the same thing will happen. You won’t get through. Or the battery will die. Or the line will drop out, or the person who answers will hang up on you, or you’ll get disconnected. The solution is not going to be straightforward. We’ll have to search for it.”
Riley gave up on the phone. He looked around his immediate area. His head was killing him. “The girl!” he said suddenly.
“What girl?”
“The one that answered the door. She looks just like Nicola. If she’s still alive –”
“She won’t be. Taliyah would have been the first to go, otherwise she’d be in here with us. It’s something else. Something in this room.”
Riley looked again. Just keeping his eyes open and vision steady was an ongoing challenge. “We’re not exactly blessed with a wealth of options, are we?”
“Then look harder. Or think harder. Because it’s here. It has to be. There’s always a way out. Or there will be something we can use. Like before, in the cloak room. Remember the hat rack you threw down in his path?”
“What about it?”
“What do you think it was doing there? Nobody wears hats anymore. There certainly aren’t enough hat-wearers to justify a hat rack being there. It was put there solely for your benefit. And there’ll be something like that here too. We just have to use our imagination.”
“How about we have a team of ninjas drop down from the ceiling to free us? That’s using my imagination.”
“Please take this seriously, Riley. I doubt we have a lot of time.”
“Fine. A random stranger with no combat skills wanders in off the street and frees us. Can you make that happen?”
“Riley, no one is coming to help us. And I have no control over the story anymore. I’m not sure I had any control to begin with. So it’s just me and you. We need to find a way out of here using only what’s available to us.”
“We’re both stuck in these chairs, Langdon. That doesn’t leave us with much.”
Langdon fell silent as his eyes scoured the room.
“The katate-uchi.”
“The what?”
“Katate-uchi. It’s a type of Japanese ceremonial sword. I did a press tour in Japan a couple of years ago, and a fan gave it to me as a souvenir. It’s hanging on the wall behind you. It’s ornamental, but it’s still sharp. Sharp enough, anyway.”
Riley twisted his head around as far as his aching neck would allow. “Where is it? I don’t see it.”
“It’s directly behind you. Over on the far wall.”
He tried moving his head further. He still couldn’t see anything. He could barely even see the wall. It was at least thirty feet away.
“So what good is it if it’s way over there?” he said.
“You need to get it.”
“Again, Langdon, I’m tied to this chair. I don’t know why I have to keep reminding you of this fact.”
“You’ll have to push yourself across. Throw your weight back as hard as you can and you’ll be able to sort of inch your way over. Then when you get close enough, tip your chair back and bump into the wall. You might need to do that several times. The sword will eventually fall off the holder. It will drop into your hands and you can use it to cut yourself free.”
Riley listened as this was all explained to him. When he spoke next, he took great care in selecting his words.
“I don’t want you to think I’m always being negative,” he said. “But that feels like kind of a long shot.”
“Of course it’s a long shot,” Langdon said. “They’re not going to make it easy for us. The only way you can ever escape a situation like this is with some ridiculous Hail Mary, one-in-a-thousand scheme. Entire stories are structured around long-shot plans coming off against the odds. For instance, think about how you got here tonight. How did you find me?”
“I, um ...” Riley cast his mind back to earlier in the evening. Only a few hours, but it seemed like so long ago. “I called Nicola. She works at fone.ONE, and she was able to give me your address.”
“Right. You don’t think that was a long shot? That you just happened to meet someone you once knew, and she happened to work for a phone company I was a customer of, and I happened to live in the area?”
“But ... that’s not the same thing.”
“How is it any different?”
“That was a lucky coincidence. Or a series of lucky coincidences. It was unlikely, but it wasn’t impossible. What you’re asking me to do now, though – that is impossible. In case you forgot, I’ve been clubbed across the head with a solid bronze candlestick. Even if I wasn’t concussed, which I think I am, but even if I wasn’t, I doubt I’d be able to push my way across the room when I’m tied to a chair. And concussion is not something you can just shake off. It can affect you for days, sometimes weeks afterwards.”
“But only in the real world, Riley. Not here.”
“The blood pouring out of the gash on my head feels pretty real to me.”
Langdon shook his head and sighed, like a teacher struggling to explain a simple math concept to a dim student. “See, that’s what’s been holding you back. This is why you’re not making the kind of progress you should be.”
“What is?”
“That mindset, and that defeatist attitude. You’re still under the misapprehension that you can deal with this by using logic. You’re desperately clinging to the belief that this is all real. But nothing here is real. It’s all fiction. Yes, being beaten and tied up is painful, but in this reality it’s manageable. If you acknowledge that we’re not in the real world, life will become a whole lot easier for you.”
A stabbing pain attacked Riley’s legs and lower back. He was cramping from being in the same position for so long. He twisted his body around, trying to stretch out as best he could.
“Could you please just get to the point?” he said.
“My point is that what happens in works of fiction does not necessarily have to be plausible in the real world. Suspension of disbelief is the one thing we have at our advantage here. For example, look at my novel Shoot To Forget.”
“I can’t say I ever got around to reading that one.”
“Never mind, six million others did. Anyway, in that story I had the serial killer leap off the roof of a four-story building and into a dumpster when he was running from police. The bags of garbage cushioned his fall, and he escaped with barely a scratch on him. Try doing that in the real world without shattering your tibia. And then later in the same story, the detective tracking him has to dive out of a speeding vehicle and roll onto the road. Most people would end up in a wheelchair for life, but the worst he suffers is a few bruises and a sprained wrist. Do you see what I’m getting at here?”
“Yes. Your books are riddled with inconsistencies and howling gaps in logic. Just tell me what I need to do to get us out of here.”
“You have to believe.”
“Please, Langdon, if that’s sarcasm my mind is not sharp enough to pick up on it right now.”
“I’m telling you Riley, this may be our only way out. I need you to do this. You have to at least try. If you don’t, the story ends here. He wins, we lose. And you do not want to know what this sicko has planned for the two of us.”
“I just need to believe?”
“You just need to believe. Accept your situation. Become fictional.”
Maybe it was the fatigue, or perhaps it was the blow to the head, but in a weird way Langdon’s words and internal logic was beginning to make sense. Everything about this still seemed utterly ridiculous, but Langdon knew the rules of this world better than he ever would. And given their current predicament, it wasn’t as if he had too many other options.
“I’ll give it a shot,” he said.
After a moment to psyche himself up, he tried jerking his body back and shifting his weight as hard as he could. Much to his surprise, it worked. The chair hopped a short distance along the hardwood floor.
“Whoa.” He had moved further than he thought possible.
“That’s it!” Langdon said. “You’re doing it! Keep going!”
He tried again. The chair skidded back some more. And again, and again. He moved in small increments, a couple of inches at a time, edging closer. This was remarkable. He was achieving the impossible, defying the basic laws of physics.
That was a logical thought.
Almost immediately, the task became harder. The chair barely moved on his next attempt. He had been dragged back into reality, his progress impeded by injuries, exhaustion and gravity. He cleared his mind as best he could. This is fiction, he whispered to himself. This is fiction this is fiction this is fiction.
He had another go. The chair leaped almost half a foot.
“You’re nearly there!” Langdon said.
I’m going to make it, Riley thought to himself. He hopped back again and again. The wall was less than ten feet away.
Until he went too hard. He tried to do too much at once, and he lost his balance. He tipped back too far and the chair toppled over. He landed on his back, his head connecting with the floor in the same spot where he was struck with the candlestick. A scream of anguish was transmitted to every pain receptor in his body.
The agony receded after a minute or two, and he lay there defeated. He remained on the floor for some time, his hopes for survival sinking like a dinosaur in a tar pit, unable to do anything except look up at the ceiling.
“That’s it, Langdon,” he said. “I think that’s about all I have left in me.”
“No, no, you can’t give up!” Langdon said. “There has to be a way out. There has to! Try to get up. Maybe there’s a gap where you can free yourself. Or there’s something we haven’t thought of yet. I wouldn’t leave both of us here to die!”
The distant whine of a cordless drill came from another room, somewhere else in the house. This was the killer, tooling up in preparation for his grisly performance.
“Face it, there is no way out. Not this time. Maybe this is how it ends for us. We slowly get dismembered, the killer gets away, the end. The story concludes on a dark note.”
Something sharp dug into Riley’s thigh. It was the paring knife from the kitchen, still in his back pocket, pressing against his skin. He forgot he even had it. It would be ideal for cutting through twine. Another useful implement in his possession that he had no way of reaching.
A few minutes went by where neither one spoke. Both tried to come to terms with their impending demise. They did their best to think about anything other than what was about to happen to them. They were not always successful with this. If Langdon’s previous writings were anything to go by, their ordeal was likely to be sordid and drawn-out.
“This isn’t right,” Langdon muttered to himself, shaking his head, close to tears. “This doesn’t make sense. It’s not supposed to end this way.”
From somewhere in the house, a door creaked open. Riley tensed up. He felt his pulse throb.
Slow footsteps against bare wooden floorboards.
He looked across to Langdon, slumped forward with his head hung low. A man resigned to his fate. This was it.
The footsteps grew louder. A handle turned, and the door opened.
“Hello?” an accented voice said.
Riley forced his head up off the floor. A young man of indeterminate ethnicity stood in the doorway.
“Who are you?” Riley said
“My name’s Casey,” the young man said. “I’m looking for Taliyah and Langdon. They responded to my Locanto ad. Am I at the right –”
His words dried up as he took in the scene before him. His eyes moved from Riley to Langdon and back again, his mind whirring as he tried making sense of what he had wandered into.
“Uh ... uh ...”
“Say, Casey,” Riley said. “There’s a sword up on the wall behind me. Could you do me a favor and cut these ropes?”
“Of course, or course.”
Casey shrugged off his stupor and hurried across to lift the katate-uchi from its holder.
“Look, guys, I like to experiment and push the envelope as much as anyone,” he said, moving the blade back and forth against the twine around the armrests. “But this is ... it all looks a bit too extreme, even for my tastes.”
The twine broke away, and Riley’s hands came free. He snatched the sword from Casey and went to work on the twine around his ankles, cutting with a rabid fury. He was on his feet within twenty seconds.
He moved fast. Much too fast. The room shifted up and down and from side to side, like a ship caught in a violent storm. The concussion still had a firm hold on him. He groped at the walls to steady himself.
“I think I’m going to puke,” he said.
“Focus, Riley,” Langdon said. “Remember where you are. Remember what this is.”
“This is fiction.” He took in several heavy gasps. “This is just fiction.”
Casey gave him an odd look. “What did you say?”
“Never mind.” He couldn’t begin to explain what was going on here.
He hobbled across to Langdon once the nausea receded and his head had settled. He wasn’t sure where to begin. The nails through his hands would make it tricky. He started on the twine around his ankles.
“No, Riley, don’t worry about me,” Langdon said. “Save yourself.”
“We have to get you out of here,” Riley said.
“No, no, no. You need to leave. Now.”
“I’ll leave as soon as I get you out of this chair.”
“You don’t have time for that. You need to finish the story. He’ll be back any minute.”
“Who will be back?” Casey said. He was no closer to knowing what he had stumbled into.
“I’m not leaving you alone with that maniac,” Riley said.
“You can go,” Langdon said. “Me and Casey, we can look after ourselves. We’ll be okay from here.”
“We will?” Casey said.
“You don’t know that,” Riley said.
“I do know that. You don’t need to worry about me. I’ll be fine.” Langdon paused for a moment. Forming simple words was becoming more of a struggle. “If it makes you feel any better, he doesn’t kill me.”
Riley stopped. A change had come over Langdon that was impossible to miss. He wasn’t quite smiling, but there was a glint in his eye, a knowing look that had crossed his face.
“You know who it is, don’t you?”
“Yes. I know who it is.”
“And you know how the story ends?”
“I do now. I didn’t before, but it’s all become clear to me. Just in these last few minutes.”
“So who –”
“Come on, you know I can’t tell you any more than that. That’s something you’ll have to discover for yourself. Just trust your instincts and remember what I told you. You can do this. Now go.”
I can do this. Riley mentally repeated these words to himself. I can do this. I can do this.
The strange thing was that he believed it. He could do this. He didn’t think so before, but now he knew. Langdon had empowered him. He had told him what he needed to hear. One way or another, he was going to find a way to win.
How hard could it be? After all, this was only fiction.

Chapter Twenty-one

The blow to the head had thrown off Riley’s equilibrium and sense of direction. His vision wavered and the room lurched if he stayed still for too long. The only way to remain upright was to keep in constant motion and remind himself that none of this was real.
Now, he was lost. What he thought was an exit proved to be a dead end. He tried going back the way he came, but behind every door was another unfamiliar room. The house appeared huge from the outside, but inside it was cavernous. He felt like he could run around all night and still be no closer to finding a way out.
He forced himself to calm down and think this through rationally. Stumbling around in circles was only going to stress him out. The more he stressed, the poorer his decision-making, which begat further stress, resulting in more poor decisions. He was tumbling head-first into an endless desolation loop, and he was providing the killer with innumerable opportunities to do him in. He had to slow things down. Breathe. Don’t rush into anything. Stop behaving like a stupid horror fiction character.
He doubled back and turned the handle on a plain brown door he had passed three times already. Stairs led to a darkened room. Without really knowing why, he took one step down, and then another. The frigid air was like pinpricks on his skin.
He reached the bottom step. The floor was bare and hard, like cement. The air smelled of paint thinner.
The door at the top of the stairs slammed shut, making him jump. He had the horrifying thought that he may have wandered into the killer’s trap. He felt around blindly for a light switch.
The room lit up. He found himself in the garage. The area was large enough to hold three or four cars, but the space here was mostly empty. There was a broken TV, a few cardboard packing boxes with their contents spread across the floor, and a brand-new customized Lamborghini Huracán.
Langdon’s pride and joy was a brilliant white with checkered red wheels. Riley reached for the door. It was unlocked. This, he decided, would suit his needs just fine.
As soon as he climbed behind the wheel, he turned around to check for knife-wielding boogeymen lurking in the back seat. This was a classic horror staple, but fortunately there were none. Next, he checked the ignition for keys. Again, there were none.
There was little time to mull over his options. He could go back upstairs and into the house to search for the keys, but he dismissed this idea as soon as he conceived it. Returning to the place of danger immediately after escaping was a typical horror fiction mistake; something the ditzy blonde would do in the first act of a cheap slasher flick, and an act of unimaginable stupidity that usually resulted in gruesome dismemberment or a severed carotid artery. He had to be smart and not act on the first impulse that came to him. By now he had figured out his instincts were more often wrong than they were right.
He could forget about the Lamborghini altogether and flee the house on foot. But after careful consideration he saw that this option was hardly any better. The house was miles away from anywhere. The only way out was along a dark and treacherous road, and one he would be forced to traverse in the middle of the night. No, thank you. There had to be a better way. Something he hadn’t thought of yet.
Langdon’s words from earlier lingered in his mind: There is always a way out.
He would not have been given this means of escape if he had no way of using it. The keys must be around here somewhere. In the glove box, or a hidden compartment. Or behind the sun visor. Or somewhere he hadn’t thought to look.
Or maybe there was another way to start the engine.
Out of nowhere, the most obvious solution came to him.
He ripped off a section of the ignition panel with his bare hands. A square the size of a cassette tape snapped off. He squeezed his hand inside and pulled out a multicolored tangle of wires.
He didn’t know the first thing about hotwiring cars. Despite his misspent youth, that remained one of the few petty crimes missing from his rap sheet. There was one instance of theft of a motor vehicle, as well as another that he was never caught for, but both of those were opportunistic crimes where the owner had left their keys in the car. On this occasion, however, his lack of hotwiring experience and know-how didn’t prove to be much of an obstacle.
In real life, the Lamborghini Huracán was not so easy to break into. The Huracán boasted first-rate anti-theft devices, and was ranked by MotorWeek magazine as one of the top three most difficult cars on the market for thieves to steal. But this was all fiction, which meant the engine kicked to life without fuss as soon as the exposed copper from the green wire was pressed against one from the red wire.
There is always a way out.
The wheels spun on gravel and rubber burned on asphalt as the Huracán tore out of the garage and down the driveway. Riley was finally free.
He screamed out onto the road and floored it, pushing the needle as far as he could, before he was struck by a jolt of common sense. After everything he had endured tonight, the last thing he wanted was to kill himself in a car wreck. He eased off the accelerator and returned to a more sensible speed.
He had tasted freedom for only a few minutes when he began to contemplate his next move. He was safe, at least in the short-term. But how long would that last? He couldn’t run forever. He’d already discovered once tonight that leaving town wasn’t an option. Driving around for the rest of the night was not exactly practical, either. If he kept this up it was only a matter of time before he blew a tire, or ran out of gas, or had some other artificial plot development imposed upon him just to place him in peril. He could only avoid the killer for a finite amount of time. He couldn’t outrun him, just like he couldn’t outrun his past.
As much as he didn’t want to admit it, it was obvious what needed to be done. Langdon had explained this to him already. This was never going to end without some sort of showdown or confrontation. There had to be a moment where the hero and villain came face to face in a battle to the death. He needed to finish this.
He knew what he was about to do flew in the face of all logic and common sense. It was indefensible, and about the most infuriating decision anyone in his position could ever make. But it had to be done. There was no other way around it. This was the only way he could bring the story to any sort of conclusion. Like the ditzy blonde in the first act of a cheap slasher flick, he was about to return to the place of danger moments after escaping.
He made a sharp U-turn, and he drove back toward Langdon’s place.

The Huracán was abandoned on an unsealed road that ran adjacent to a thistle-ravaged vacant lot. Langdon’s house was a quarter mile away. Riley traversed the remaining distance on foot.
He bypassed the driveway and main entrance, and he crept down a dirt path. He was met by a galvanized iron fence with sharp-looking points at the top. Under normal circumstances he would baulk at climbing something like this, but in this fictional universe he was confident in his ability to scale it without too much difficulty.
He landed somewhere in the rear of the property.
His first priority was to find something to arm himself with. Almost as soon as the thought entered his mind, he spotted the woodpile over by the garden shed. A chopping block was off to the side with an axe conveniently resting on top.
There is always something you can use. Langdon’s voice provided his own guiding narration.
A jagged rock the size of a billiard ball lodged in his throat as he approached the back door. His hands choked the axe handle. He could feel the pores of his skin opening and the sweat leaking out.
He stood to the side of the door and tried peeking through one of the windows. Nothing; it was too dark, and the house was too big. He reached for the door handle, slowly twisting the knob and giving it a push. It creaked open.
He held his stance. Waiting for something to happen. Minutes passed like hours. He waited some more.
It was now or never. He had to go in. He made his move.
He had one foot inside the house when a cold hand clamped on his shoulder.
Fear raced through him like a narcotic. He spun around in a flash, axe cocked back, ready to strike.
“Well, well, well,” Detective Durant said. “Look who we have here.”
Panic turned to fury in a heartbeat. “Jesus, what is wrong with you?” he said, as forceful as he could without raising his voice. “Are you trying to get yourself killed? Never sneak up on someone holding an axe!”
Durant responded with a knowing grin. His partner Detective Montgomery emerged from the shadows, scouring the surrounding area with a flashlight.
Riley battled to catch his breath. “What are you two doing here?”
“We’ve had reports of a disturbance at this address,” Montgomery said.
“I can’t say I’m surprised to find out you’re somehow involved,” Durant said.
Riley shielded his eyes from the flashlight beam. “Seven violent deaths in your jurisdiction tonight, and the police send their two best detectives out to investigate a disturbance?”
“Hey. We ask the questions here, Sonny. Not you.” The end of Durant’s baton jabbed into Riley’s chest. “You can start by telling us what you’re doing loitering around this place in the middle of the night.”
“Listen, the guy you’re looking for,” he said, keeping his voice to just above a whisper. “The killer. He’s here! He’s inside this house.”
Durant looked to Montgomery, then back to Riley. “The killer?”
“Yes! The maniac going around butchering people!” He hoped that might spark a flicker of recognition, but he only saw two blank faces. “Don’t tell me you haven’t noticed.”
“You’re not still harping on about that whole psycho killer story, are you?” Montgomery said.
Riley was about to respond, but he bit his tongue. He sucked in a breath and tried to keep his frustrations in check. “I know this might be difficult for you to wrap your minds around, but think about everything that’s happened here recently. Seven people have been killed. Seven people in one day! They weren’t accidents. It’s not some bizarre coincidence. One person is responsible for all of it, and he’s here. You need to arrest him.”
He spoke slowly and carefully, sounding out each word as if attempting to communicate with someone who had only a limited grasp of English.
“I think you might be right,” Durant said. “Maybe there is a deranged killer on the loose. In fact, I think I might be looking at him.”
“Oh, come on!” Riley threw his hands up in defeat. “This is ridiculous. Just think about what –”
“PUT YOUR HANDS WHERE I CAN SEE ‘EM!”
Montgomery’s words arrived with such force and volume that Riley instinctively did as he was told. The axe fell to the ground and his hands went into the air.
“W-what?”
“Don’t talk!” Montgomery’s standard issue Glock 19 was aimed squarely at Riley’s chest. “Do as I say creep and get down on the ground!”
“But you –”
A sharp kick from Durant to the back of his left leg brought an end to his protests. A knee in between his shoulder blades had him face down in the dirt. His right arm was twisted behind his back, followed by the familiar click-and-pinch of handcuffs around his wrist. His left arm was next, yanked back with such force that his shoulder was nearly wrenched from its socket. He let out a small cry of pain.
The confusion lasted only until he caught a glimpse of the window behind where Montgomery now stood. There he saw a silhouette of a young female. He presumed this was Taliyah, Langdon’s model girlfriend. She was strung up like a side of beef, her legs dangling a few feet off the ground.
It wasn’t hard to ascertain Montgomery’s train of thought. He saw the dead body through the window, shortly after they found Riley creeping around the place with an axe. He arrived at the most obvious conclusion from there.
This was his punishment for attempting to use logic on the two detectives. He knew it was pointless, and yet he still tried to do it.
“I gotta say, I’ve been fantasizing about this moment for a long time,” Durant sneered into Riley’s ear. He couldn’t see his face, but he knew how much pleasure he derived from this. “Retirement is gonna be a hell of a lot more satisfying knowing that you’re finally off the streets.”
“Please, you have to listen to what I’m saying! The guy you want is here! He’s inside this house! Go in and take a look for yourself!”
He was wasting his breath and he knew it, but he couldn’t help it. The cops weren’t here to do anything constructive. They were just another obstacle put in his way to prevent him from achieving his goal. If these two were even the slightest bit competent they would have apprehended the killer by now, or at least acknowledged his existence.
Durant hauled him to his feet. Riley felt the muzzle of his pistol jab into his ribs. “Now don’t make any sudden moves, Haig. We may interpret that as an escape attempt.”
“You’d be surprised how many suspects end up getting shot that way,” Montgomery said.
Durant wheezed out a laugh. Montgomery joined him.
Riley felt the shame wash over him, cursing himself for allowing these two imbeciles to get the better of him. 
The back door flew open, and the laughter ended. The masked killer stumbled out with the bloodied knife in his hand.
All three stopped to look.
He was less than twenty feet from Riley. “That’s him!” he shouted. “That’s the killer!”
Durant and Montgomery both turned to face the new arrival. They studied him with a kind of detached curiosity. Something about this did not compute. Like this did not make any sense, and this person did not belong in this moment.
Riley thought they were both going to stand there with confused cow-like expressions on their faces and allow him to escape.
“Do something!” he shouted.
Finally, something clicked. The two detectives leaped into action.
“Throw down your weapon!” Durant shouted. He shoved Riley aside and waved his gun around in front of him.
“Drop it!” Montgomery shouted.
“Put that knife down now punk!”
“You have to the count of three!”
Their demands went ignored. The weapon remained in the killer’s firm grip. He took a step forward.
“One!” Montgomery began. “Two!”
Riley didn’t know which one fired first, or how many shots were fired, or how long the gunfire lasted. It felt like minutes, like being caught in the crossfire of a Syrian war zone, but it was probably no more than three or four seconds.
He dived for cover as soon as the first shot erupted from the chamber, hugging the earth like gravity was about to be discontinued. He glanced up for only a split second, long enough to see the killer’s holepunched torso twitch and jerk like a dancing marionette.
A bullet shattered the window behind him, and he ducked his head back down.
The killer hit the dirt. The shooting finally ceased. Heart-stopping adrenaline gave way to hysterical relief.
Riley waited a moment before he risked lifting his head back up. His hearing was gone, a shrill whine now rattling his eardrums. Durant and Montgomery were still in position, directly opposite one another. The killer’s body lay motionless on the ground between them.
Something wasn’t right.
The two cops exchanged glances. A look of bewilderment crossed Montgomery’s face. His hand went to his chest, to the small hole just south of his sternum. The one leaking blood. A trickle became a wide patch. His whole hand turned red. He stumbled backwards and fell to the ground.
Durant collapsed seconds later in an identical fashion – confusion, bleeding, realization, death.
An eerie silence took hold.
Riley didn’t see the whole thing play out, but it didn’t take long to figure out what had gone wrong. As well as shooting at the masked killer, due to their placement the two cops were also firing directly at each other. The Krumbleton police force, long derided for their incompetence, had finally and inevitably lived up to their unofficial title. They were now a literal circular firing squad.
He needed a second to collect himself. He scrambled over to Durant, twisting around to hold his cuffed hands above the detective’s mouth. He felt nothing, no breath. The old man had definitely checked out. He fumbled awkwardly through Durant’s pockets until he found a set of keys, and he freed himself from the handcuffs.
He pried the Glock from Durant’s hand and moved across to Montgomery. He gave him a few gentle pokes with his foot. There was no response. He kicked him harder, just to make sure. Still nothing. That made it two confirmed dead.
Now on to the third.
With his finger resting against the trigger of Durant’s weapon, he moved toward the killer in slow, deliberate steps. He wasn’t about to take any chances. He had to be prepared for anything. One of the hoariest clichés in all of horror fiction was the dead villain who was not really dead, and would spring back to life when everyone least expected it. The one thing Riley knew about Langdon Pryce was that he was not above employing hoary clichés in his work. The killer could be protected by body armor, or be abnormally resilient. He might even be an indestructible supernatural being. That would be an absurd plot development, and one that would inspire endless ridicule from critics and fans alike, but until he could prove otherwise he had to consider it a possibility.
He stood next to the body. There was blood on the ground. A lot of blood. That ruled out body armor, it would seem.
The gun’s aim never moved from the killer’s chest.
Disarming him was his first priority. The knife was still in the killer’s hand. He tried kicking it away. His arm moved a couple of inches, but the hand refused to relinquish the blade.
He pressed the gun against the killer’s forehead and crouched down. He reached for the weapon. If he so much as flinched he would unload on him.
The first sign that something was amiss came when he took a closer look at the knife. It was not the massive pig-gutting blade the killer had previously brandished. This was a kitchen knife, the type more commonly used to slice up vegetables and chicken fillets.
The second sign came when he attempted to pull the knife away. The handle remained stuck in the killer’s grip. He pulled harder. The killer’s dead arm moved, but it did not let go.
He shone the beam of Montgomery’s flashlight over the dead body. The glove on the right hand was stuck to the knife’s handle. Superglue, by the look of it. Electrical tape was wrapped around his wrist to hold the glove in place.
It was then he deduced what had happened. The killer – the real killer – had outsmarted everyone. He also knew the identity of the third corpse, but he had to see for himself.
The mask came off.
Langdon’s face was swollen and bruised, dripping with perspiration. A thick strip of tape covered his mouth. Two smaller strips covered each of his eyes. The killer had placed the mask over his head, glued the knife to his hand, and shoved him out in front of two trigger-happy cops.
Langdon had earlier assured him that the masked psycho would not kill him. Riley supposed this was true, but only in the most literal sense.

Chapter Twenty-two

Riley approached the entrance to the dining area with his hands wrapped around the grip of Durant’s Glock. He waited a few seconds before spinning around with his arms outstretched at ninety degrees, mimicking the movements of police in TV shows and action films. This performance didn’t feel like a conscious act. He was being pulled along by instinct, or something like it, controlled like a puppet on a string.
The room was empty. The chandelier remained in a shattered heap on the floor. No sign of the masked killer.
He went from room to room, enacting the same routine each time, ready to open fire on the first thing that moved. He knew he was dicing with death by traipsing through this dark and unfamiliar house when a homicidal maniac was on the loose, but he felt emboldened by an uncanny sense of invulnerability. He knew he was safe. He didn’t know how he knew this, only that the story was not destined to end here. This was just anticipation, a prelude to the big finale.
A sweep of the next five rooms uncovered nothing. The only noise he heard was the howl in his eardrums, his hearing still ruined by the gunfire.
He came to the spot where he and Langdon were tied up an hour ago. There were the two chairs, some cut up twine, and a lot of blood – some of it dried, much of it fresh.
Casey the Gigolo was there, too. He was up against the wall, his head slumped forward, arms dangling by his sides. The handle of the katate-uchi protruded from his abdomen. Two-thirds of the blade pierced the wood paneling behind him, and the other third penetrated him. The murderous antagonist was still nowhere to be found.
He moved on to the living room, where Langdon had been writing for the past two days. Maybe he could find a clue here, or some hint as to where he should go next.
Scattered around the room was Langdon’s writing aids and assorted detritus: pens, pencils, notepads, folders, a dictionary/thesaurus. An Adderall blister pack with two pills left. A mostly empty whiskey bottle, and a mostly full one. A crystal tumbler with half-melted ice cubes. A small vial with white powder residue inside. A rolled-up hundred-dollar bill.
None of this would be of any use to him. Except the hundred – he stashed that in his pocket.
He tried the MacBook. The screen was frozen midway through chapter nineteen, the point where Langdon had lost control of the story. Riley pressed on the keyboard, but nothing happened. He tried holding down the power button. The screen went blank, and it refused to turn back on again.
Scraps of notes were spread across the coffee table and on the floor, barely legible post-its and torn corners of pages with Langdon’s random brainwaves scribbled across them. Write a whole paragraph as a palindrome read one. Reveal Selwyn is a ghost (?) said another. Then they became even more absurd, the handwriting as unhinged and unintelligible as Langdon’s half-baked ideas: The first letter of each chapter spells out the killer’s identity and motive! Write AN ENTIRE CHAPTER as a palindrome!!! 
He tried piecing them together, arranging them in a variety of different sequences, hoping to uncover some sort of hidden message or clue as to what his next move should be, but with no success. These were just drug-fueled ramblings that led nowhere.
He had no idea where the story was going, only that there was more to come. He was killing time until the real confrontation, whenever and wherever that would be. He would have to keep moving until he came across it, probably when he least expected it.
The brainwave struck when he was halfway down the paved walkway. He rushed back into the house and bounded up the stairs, taking them three at a time.
He found the door to the study.
The index cards and notes were plastered across the wall at the rear of the room, taped in something approximating sequential order. Each card had a scene heading along the top, followed by a bullet point description of a moment in Riley’s life from the past day and a half. 
The first card outlined yesterday’s meeting in Stefan Asher’s office, where his boss questioned him about the Marjory Taylor insurance claim. 
The next card described Shelley and Doug turning up at his place unannounced this morning. 
The next had him in the car on the way to Krumbleton. 
Then checking into the hotel, and then meeting Nicola at the gas station.
The beam of the flashlight followed the cards on the timeline, one after the other. His entire day was laid out in front of him. The wedding. The two detectives interrogating him at the police station. Damien launching his ill-fated revenge attack before spontaneously combusting. The airbags of Selwyn’s Vektehr deploying when they tried to leave town. Shelley being crushed by Callum outside the hotel. Finding Langdon’s address and ringing the doorbell.
He moved to the bottom right-hand corner of the wall, to the last few cards. He had to be careful – he could not allow himself to see the ending. Learning his fate would inevitably alter it. The timeline would be rendered useless, and he would be back at square one.
But there was no need to worry. The final card in the sequence had only four words on it: “showdown in the honeymoon suite”.

The digital display on the Huracán’s dash read 3:02 a.m. Riley had pulled up opposite the Giacobbe Hotel. He felt Detective Durant’s Glock underneath his shirt, making sure it was tucked securely into his waistband.
He stepped out of the car and crossed the road.
The elevator brought him to the sixth floor. He arrived at room 601, also known as the honeymoon suite. The door was locked, but that wasn’t a problem. He slipped his credit card in through the gap, and he jiggled it against the lock until he heard it click. Did that work in real life? It didn’t matter. It worked in this world.
Upon first glance the room appeared empty, with nothing out of the ordinary. It was only when he moved further inside that he saw signs of a disturbance. A chair tipped on its side. A shattered vase. A television broadcasting static. A splattering of blood on the carpet.
He withdrew the Glock from his waistband.
He rounded a corner. A king-sized bed occupied the center of the room. A body lay motionless in the middle of the bed, face down with arms and legs splayed in every direction. The crisp white sheets were splashed with dark red.
The body was young and female. From this distance he could not identify the victim. His heart rose up into his throat.
Please don’t be Izzy, he prayed. Please not Izzy. Anyone but her.
“Riley.”
It was Izzy’s voice. It came from behind, on the other side of the room. He spun around.
She was in a chair, in front of the floor-to-ceiling windows, barely visible in the darkness. She was still wearing the gown she was married in. Her cheeks were wet with tears.
His mind needed a moment to catch up. He looked back to the body on the bed. Then to Izzy. Then back to the body.
Megan’s body.
The onslaught of emotions almost crippled him. There was terror and fury and heart-wrenching agony, but above all else there was guilt. Megan was dead, and he was to blame. She had been killed because he needed to be punished. The killer knew how much she meant to him, and he wanted to strike where it hurt the most. The story needed the one person he cared about more than anyone to die in order to ramp up the emotional stakes.
It was the monkey’s paw wish: he saw the body, and he pleaded to the writing gods for it to be anyone but Izzy. The writing gods responded in the cruelest way imaginable.
He tried to convince himself that this wasn’t real – that Megan wasn’t real, that it was not real blood on those sheets, these weren’t real human emotions he was experiencing. All of this artificial pain and anguish was just what he had been programmed to feel. But it was no use. He was completely destroyed, like a ten-ton boulder and fallen on top of him.
“Riley,” Izzy said again, her voice more desperate.
He turned back to his sister. He had taken only one step in her direction when she spoke again.
“No ... don’t come any closer.”
The lamp next to her flicked on, and he saw the third person in the room. Their all-black attire blended seamlessly into the shadows. Now he could see the white of the skull mask, and the silver blade resting against his sister’s throat.
His arms shot up in front of him. The Glock was aimed directly at the skull.
Breathe, he had to remind himself. A large part of him wanted to explode and let loose with a volley of bullets, but he knew he couldn’t do anything reckless. Izzy could be hit, or he could miss completely. He had to keep a cool head and maintain his composure. His sister’s life depended on it.
He counted to five in his head, and he lowered the gun.
“You’re not here for her, are you?” he said. “This is about me.”
There was no response. The killer remained motionless. Izzy tried to keep from trembling.
“I’m putting the gun down,” he said.
He crouched down to the floor and relinquished the firearm. Still nothing from the killer. Riley swallowed hard before making his next move.
“Let her go and you can have me.” 
He kicked the gun away with the side of his foot. It skidded across the polished floorboards, over toward the bed, well out of reach.
He knew the risk he was taking, but he could sense some sort of acquiescence. He didn’t know why he should feel so confident, but he somehow knew this was the right thing to do. This guy might be a madman, but he was a calculating and conniving madman. He wasn’t about to do anything rash. Not when he finally had Riley within in his grasp. That wasn’t how these things played out.
The killer’s grip tightened on Izzy’s shoulder. Her whole body tensed up. For a brief moment, Riley feared he had horrifically misread the situation.
The knife was pulled away. The killer gave Izzy a shove. She stumbled out of the chair and fell to the floor, then scrambled to her feet and ran straight for Riley.
“Go,” he said. She tried to embrace him, but he fended her off.
“Riley ...”
“You need to get out of here. Go call for help.”
He pushed her toward the door. She didn’t want to leave him, but she saw what needed to be done.
Izzy was gone. Riley and his masked nemesis were now alone. Their showdown moment had arrived.
The killer was the first to move. He tossed the chair out of the way with a flick of the wrist, sending it tumbling across the room like a child’s toy. Riley took a step back, intimidated by this sudden display of aggression.
He fumbled as he reached behind him, into his belt. He could not get his hands to move fast enough.
“Don’t take another step,” he said.
The second Glock was in his hands – the one previously belonging to Detective Montgomery. The last thing he did before departing Langdon’s place was swipe this gun to use as a backup.
The killer did as instructed, coming to an immediately standstill. Riley had gained the upper hand. The balance of power had shifted.
“Now drop the knife,” he said. “And take off that mask.”
The killer remained unmoved. He looked down at his hand, as if he was only just aware that he was brandishing the deadly weapon. Then back at Riley.
He taunted him with a single step forward.
Riley’s teeth clenched. “This thing is loaded, and I know how to use it. Don’t think I won’t.” His grip tightened around the handle. The killer’s chest was in the crosshairs. It would be impossible to miss from this distance. “So I’m going to ask you one more time to put down the knife and take off that stupid mask. Do you understand?”
Still no response. And then another defiant step.
That was it. Riley was done playing games. He’d had enough of this whole saga. He just wanted it to end, once and for all.
He steadied his aim. His finger caressed the trigger. It was time to finish this.
“Hold it.”
Something pressed into the back of his head. Something cold and hard.
It took a few seconds to register what was happening, and that the muzzle of a handgun – Detective Durant’s handgun, the one he had only just put down – was jammed against his occipital bone.
It took a few seconds more to realize the voice belonged to Megan.
The only thing worse than the dread he felt at having a loaded gun to his head was the shame of not seeing it coming. He should have at least half-expected something like this would occur. Every Langdon Pryce novel featured a twist toward the end of the story. A twist that, more often than not, was both laughable and logic-defying. They were notoriously corny. Even those who had never read his work knew about them. He was the literary world’s M. Night Shyamalan.
“Surprised to see me here?” Megan said. She relieved him of his weapon while still keeping the gun she held against his head.
“I’m embarrassed to admit that I am surprised,” Riley said.
She let out a loopy cackle. “Maybe if you were paying a little more attention to what was going on, you might have been better prepared.”
“Or maybe he’s not as smart as he thinks he is.”
Those eleven words set off a spasm in Riley’s heart. The masked killer had spoken. Until this moment, nobody had heard him utter a word. The voice that came out was calm and modulated. Nothing like how he imagined it.
He continued: “I bet you didn’t see this coming.”
The killer grabbed a handful of his own face. In one swift movement, the rubber mask was yanked off.
The shock arrived in two separate waves. The first jolt came when Riley saw an actual face beneath the tacky rubber Halloween prop. Up until now, his knife-wielding nemesis had been nothing more than an anonymous killing machine. It was easy to forget there was a living, breathing person beneath it all. This faceless and voiceless mass of evil had suddenly acquired human qualities.
The second hit came when he identified the face. It didn’t happen right away. The synapses in his brain took a moment to make a positive identification. This was due in part to the face being ten years older than the last time he saw it. But also because he was led to believe he was dead. As far as he knew, this person was killed six months earlier in a bizarre fire- and meth-related accident.
He was Riley’s oldest friend. He was Megan’s older brother.
“Welcome to our final act,” Robbie Hersh said.

Chapter Twenty-three

Robbie Hersh was alive. He was a mass murderer. Megan was his willing accomplice.
Riley was in a tailspin, his mind incapable of making sense of this astonishing turn of events. On top of everything else that had gone down today, he was now forced to deal with this.
A million thoughts orbited his head, but of these he only managed to verbalize one.
“Robbie ... you ... you’re supposed to be dead,” he stammered.
“Yeah, well, life is like a Nicolas Cage movie,” Robbie said with a dismissive shrug. “You never know what you’re gonna get.”
Intense pressure was building on Riley’s chest and lungs. It felt like the life was being squeezed out of him. “But what ... how did you ... you faked your own death?” he managed to say.
“No, I did not fake my own death,” Robbie groaned, the irritation clear in his voice. “I was driving home one night when, out of nowhere, smoke started to pour from the engine. I’d only had the car a couple of weeks. It was a Vektehr, the one I got through Selwyn. I bought it from a friend of his. He said the company had recalled that model, which was why he could get it so cheap. What he didn’t tell me was the reason it had to be recalled. Turns out the engine has a nasty habit of overheating and catching fire. By the time I pull over, flames are shooting out from under the hood, and then whoosh! The whole thing goes up like a haystack fire. I only just managed to jump out and avoid being incinerated along with it. Someone came across the burnt-out wreck the next day, and the Circular Firing Squad was called in to investigate. Turns out that new detective, the hotshot who said he’s solved every cold case, apparently he’d heard about this batch of toxic meth going around, and he somehow gets it into his head that I had spontaneously combusted.”
Robbie shook his head as he relived the memory, moving from one side of the room to the other before taking a seat on the edge of the fake-blood-splattered bed. Riley’s eyes followed him every step of the way, still not quite believing what he was seeing.
“I gotta say, that kinda annoyed me at first,” he continued. “I’ve done a lot of stupid stuff in my life, which I’m sure I don’t need to remind you of, but meth is not one of them. And now this whole town thinks I’m some burnout meth-head. But after a while though, that’s when I started thinking. I wondered if maybe their incompetence could be used to my advantage. You hadn’t been around here in years. It was almost as if you were avoiding the place. More to the point, it was almost as if you were avoiding me. So if you thought I was dead, you might think it was finally safe to return.”
The stillness of the night was disturbed momentarily by a truck rumbling past on the street outside. Riley waited for the noise to die down before responding.
“I understand you’re furious about what happened,” he said. The strain on his chest continued to build. The invisible anaconda squeezed tighter. Deliberate and sustained effort was required to inhale and exhale. “I’m sure you blame me for what went wrong. You have every right to. Rhys getting killed ... that was all my fault. We should have left when we had the chance. But I made him go back into the house. I got greedy. And then I abandoned both of you. I only thought about saving myself. I’m a coward, I always have been. That was the worst night of my life, and I’ve been tormented by it ever since. So just know that whatever you plan on doing to me, it’s nothing compared with what I’ve put myself through over the last ten years.”
There was a protracted silence, before the two siblings erupted into fits of laughter.
“Are you serious?” Robbie said. “Please tell me you’re not serious!”
Riley looked to Robbie, and then Megan. None of this made sense. It was like a bizarre, traumatic, illogical dream that he couldn’t wake himself up from.
“What do you mean?” he said.
Robbie laughed again. “Oh, boy. I always knew you were a little on the slow side, Haig. But don’t tell me you still haven’t figured out the real the reason we’re doing this.”
He opened his mouth, but nothing came out. This amused them even more.
“I don’t think he’s playing dumb,” Megan said, wiping a spot of fake blood from the back of her hand. “He really doesn’t know.”
“This is about that night ... Monte Hutchins’s place, ten years ago ...” The air choked him. Asphyxiation appeared imminent. “That’s it ... isn’t it?”
“You think we care about that?” Robbie’s amusement turned to anger in the blink of an eye. “What we’ve done tonight has nothing to do with Rhys or the robbery!”
“But why else would you ... I mean ...”
Robbie looked across to his sister. “Do you wanna be the one to tell him?”
“I don’t know,” Megan said. “Maybe we should let him die wondering. Wouldn’t that be the ultimate punishment?”
“Oh, no.” Robbie shook his head. “Uh-uh. No way. I’ve waited far too long for this moment. He needs to know what he’s done. And I want to see the look on his face when he finds out.”
“Now that you mention it, I think that’s something I’d like to see too,” Megan said.
She opened the top drawer of the bureau next to the television. Inside was a large yellow envelope. She carried it across the room and tossed it at Riley. It landed at his feet.
He let it sit there. As much as he wanted to know what was inside, the thought of opening it turned his stomach. That one envelope held secrets that had festered and proliferated over the years, resulting in today’s unimaginable devastation. But judging by the way the Hersh siblings were looking at him, remaining ignorant was not an option.
“Go on, pick it up,” Robbie said.
Riley had no choice now. He crouched down to retrieve the envelope. It was heavier than he expected.
“Now open it.”
He closed his eyes and pulled the flap back. The tips of his fingers brushed the edge of the documents inside. They were photographs. A4-sized, maybe ten or twelve in total. A jolt of dread kicked him hard. He still had no idea what this was all about. But that was more terrifying than knowing the truth. It sent his mind into overdrive, conjuring up all sorts of depraved scenarios.
The first photograph slid out of the envelope. It was few seconds before he recognized himself in it. He was so much younger, and a lot heavier. He had a shaved head and was dressed in baggy skate clothes. He would have guessed he was about seventeen or eighteen.
Another few seconds passed before he realized what he was looking at. Slowly, the room began to rotate.

ʺFloor one hundred and thirty-nine. Going down.ʺ
An involuntary noise spilled from the mouth of Chastity May; something equidistant from a tiny squeak and a coquettish giggle. She knew it was only the disembodied electronic voice addressing her through the elevator’s speakers, but the double entendre flustered her more than it should have. Her cheeks crimsoned and her palms dampened. She inhaled deeply, hoping to settle her nerves, but this only succeeded in elevating her already ample chest.
Alexander Madrid had his eyes on his phone, as he often did. He had affected a semi-bored pose, like he couldn’t wait for the night to end so he could climb into his Bugatti Divo and drive back to his luxury condo where this week’s supermodel was waiting for him in his bed. But Chastity knew what he was thinking. She saw him sneaking glances in her direction more than once.
The floor numbers changed as the elevator descended – one hundred and thirty, one twenty-five, one twenty. Another minute and she would be free. She only had to last that long.
Except that minute would never arrive.
The elevator stopped with a jolt. The lights cut out a second later. A frightened yelp escaped from Chastity’s full and moist lips.
Panic swelled inside her. ʺThis can’t be happening,ʺ she whispered to herself.
Neon red emergency LEDs flickered to life, providing a small amount of light. Mood lighting, almost. ʺPlease remain calm,ʺ the elevator’s robotic voice advised. ʺYour journey will resume shortly.ʺ
ʺI’m sure everything will be fine,ʺ Alexander Madrid said in his reassuringly deep baritone. ʺIt’ll only be a minor maintenance issue. These things happen all the time.ʺ
Chastity nodded, but she feared her heart was moments away from exploding. She had spent the past month and a half doing everything in her power to avoid Alexander Madrid. She had gone to extraordinary lengths to not be alone with this man, and now here she was, trapped in a confined space with him for an unknown period of time. On the sixty-ninth floor, of all places.
Her breathing became heavy. Her vision shifted. The walls closed in.
ʺAre you okay, Chastity?ʺ
Alexander Madrid’s hand moved to her upper arm in a gentlemanly gesture of comfort. Chastity saw the elevator spin. She stumbled back and held onto the walls for balance. He moved swiftly to catch her, both hands clasping firm around her waist.
Did he know that it was his presence and masculine touch that was causing her to hyperventilate? Was he aware that she craved him more than she craved Haagen-Dazs brownie macchiato ice cream?
ʺTry to relax,ʺ he said, the fingers of one hand running up and down her right arm, the other delicately stroking her hair. ʺWe’re going to be okay. I’m here for you. I promise. I won’t let anything bad happen.ʺ
For perhaps the first time since they met, she looked deep into his eyes, oceans of blue that appeared magenta under these lights. She drank in his presence like a dying woman in the desert discovering a stash of Gatorade. There was enough electricity in the air to power the entire building for a week.
Passions became inflamed as his mouth met hers.
By now neither one of them could stop, even if they wanted to. Something outside of them, a supernatural force known only as irrepressible lust, dictated their every move. Six weeks of coy glances and anticipation culminated in a violent explosion of carnal desires. They could do nothing except hold on for dear life and go along with it.
ʺWait ... wait ...ʺ She pushed him away, fully aware of what a futile gesture this was. ʺThis is wrong. We should not be doing this.ʺ
ʺI know we shouldn’t, but I can’t resist you any longer. I need you. I want you.ʺ His eyes locked with hers. ʺAnd you should know by now, Chastity May, that Alexander Madrid always gets what he wants.ʺ
ʺBut –ʺ
He kissed her again, and she never got to complete the rest of that sentence.
But I’m nineteen and you’re thirty-seven.
But I’m an intern and you’re my boss.
But you’re a person of interest in an ongoing murder investigation.
But you might be my half-brother.
But this elevator has security cameras.
Because if she was being honest with herself, these factors only made their illicit dalliance all the more exciting.
In one fluid motion she gripped his shirt and tore it open, popping every button along the way. She treated herself to a moment to marvel at his chiseled caramel torso. His chest was a work of art, like Michelangelo’s David, and almost as hard.
ʺYou bad girl,ʺ Alexander Madrid said. ʺThat shirt cost me four hundred dollars.ʺ
ʺDeduct it from my wages. If you ever start paying me.ʺ
She pulled his face toward hers and kissed him hard, devouring his scent, an intoxicating aroma of sweat, Patrόn and Aventus cologne. Something had come over her that she could not articulate. She was Chastity May no more. That girl – the frumpy dresser, the socially awkward weirdo, the undateable outcast – was dead and buried. The shy and lonely girl was now a confident and assertive woman. The demure kitten had transmogrified into a raging panther on heat.
Her head became overwhelmed with irrepressible desires. The butterflies in her stomach moved lower. A moan of pleasure rippled through her body, a cry of ecstasy gushing from her lips.
She barely noticed as Alexander Madrid skillfully and methodically disrobed her like a pickpocket or street hustler depriving an oblivious tourist of their wallet and Rolex. Her Diane Von Furstenberg wool blend stretch corporate jacket fell to the floor, followed by her white silk Givenchy blouse. Her Balenciaga pencil skirt was next. Then her Agent Provocateur Willa Red bra and thong combo. One by one they were removed and discarded until she stood there in nothing more than her Chloe earrings and onyx Manolo Blahnik stilettos.
His arms enveloped her, and he pulled her closer. His rock-hard abdominal muscles pressed against her own body, trim and taut from her tri-weekly pole dancing sessions. Her skin was covered in goosebumps, his fingers reading her body like a blind man absorbing a braille War and Peace. His throbbing weapon announced itself through the fabric of his trousers. Alexander Madrid may have consumed several champagne flutes and two tequila slammers at tonight’s function, but that had done nothing to dampen the fire raging within him. He was as hard and as virile as ever, with each kiss and caress bringing him closer to an involuntary eruption.

“You ... you can’t seriously hold me responsible for that!” Riley said.
He collapsed onto the edge of the sofa as his world disintegrated, reeling from this epochal revelation.
The root cause of the killer’s motivation was a mystery that had plagued him ever since he caught a glimpse of Father Hyden’s dismembered corpse in the back of Shelley and Doug’s Mercedes. A million different scenarios had cycled through his head – but not once did anything like this ever occur to him.
“You thought we didn’t know,” Robbie Hersh said, a cocky smile painted across his weathered face. He was clearly enjoying himself. “Am I correct in assuming that?”
“But ... that happened years ago!” Riley said. “We were kids! I didn’t know any better. Surely you can’t still be angry after all these years!”
Megan flicked a cigarette lighter. She held the flame to the corner of the photograph. “It doesn’t matter how much time has passed, Riley. Some transgressions can never be forgiven.”
The incriminating image caught alight. She held on until it was half consumed by the flame, before dropping it into the trash can. The other photographs were added one at a time, and the remaining evidence turned to smoke and ash.
No words were exchanged, but all three knew the incident would never be spoken of again. It was a secret they would take to their graves.
“But we haven’t told you the best part yet,” Robbie said. The grin widened, like he could barely contain his big reveal a moment longer. “We heard about this company that allows its customers to take out life insurance policies on anyone, anywhere, regardless of whether they have an existing relationship with that person. You can insure anyone you want. Complete strangers, even.”
“Any of this sound familiar?” Megan said.
Riley’s face was in his hands. He had never felt more helpless. The past twenty-four hours had been an endless series of traumas. They just kept coming, one after the other, like circus clowns spilling out of a tiny Vektehr Beetle.
He muttered the same six words, over and over.
There is always a way out. There is always a way out. There is always a way out.
More than anything, he wanted to believe this was true. But this time, he didn’t know if it was.
“We thought an opportunity like that was ripe for exploitation,” Robbie said. He moved his arm around, rotating and stretching out his left shoulder, still sore from where the chandelier had struck him a couple of hours ago. “We decided to take advantage before someone else thought of it. So a few weeks ago, we insured a bunch of our nearest and dearest townsfolk without their knowledge or consent. Tragically, many of them are no longer with us. Turns out that living in this town really is bad for your health. But on the plus side, it looks like we’ll be collecting quite a few payouts in the coming months. What are we up to now, sis?”
“By my count, we’ve just passed four million dollars,” Megan said.
“Four million dollars.” Robbie lifted his eyebrows. “Not bad for one night’s work, eh? I’ll admit, we got lucky with a few of them. We didn’t plan on that crazy junkie self-immolating. That was an unexpected bonus.”
Riley strained to come up with something; a plan, an idea, anything that might get him out of this. He knew he didn’t have long. They would kill him as soon as they were done explaining their nefarious plan.
There is always a way out.
“And those two cops shooting each other,” Megan said. “Sure, given their reputation something like that was bound to happen sooner or later. But you can’t orchestrate it.”
“So the only thing left to do is tie up one final loose end,” Robbie said. “We just need to take care of you. We frame you for the murders, which, given your history and the general buffoonery of the local police, should be a piece of cake. The cops will have no trouble believing this was all the work of a mentally unbalanced troublemaker who returned to his hometown to exact his revenge. We’ve already gone to the trouble of writing your confession-slash-suicide-note. Then we collect our payouts, and we live wealthily ever after.”
“And then maybe, if we’re feeling generous, we might find it in our hearts to forgive you for your past misdeeds,” Megan said.
Every passing second brought Riley closer to a breakdown. “There has to be way out,” he murmured.
The Hersh siblings heard him that time. They traded amused looks.
“You still believe there’s a way out of this, do you?” Megan said.
“Look at where you are!” Robbie cackled like a pantomime villain. If he had a moustache, he probably would have twirled it. “You walked right into our trap! We have you exactly where we want you. Everything panned out just as we hoped it would. We won, you lost! It’s game over! There’s no way out from here.”
“But ... there has to be,” Riley said. Grasping at straws now, and he knew it. “There’s always a way out.”
“Okay, I’ll play along.” Robbie had one hand resting against an armchair, the other holding the knife. “What can you do from here? How can you possibly escape? Do you know something we don’t?”
Riley lifted his head. “I know one thing you don’t.”
“Oh yeah? Please, enlighten us. What do you know that could get you out of this?”
He looked Robbie directly in the eye. An unexpected calm had come over him.
“I know this is just fiction.”
Before Robbie could make sense of this, Riley was off the sofa like a jack-in-the-box. He charged forward. There was no time for Robbie to react.
“Sit down!” Megan screamed. She fumbled for the gun, but she couldn’t get a clear shot.
Riley had reached maximum speed by the time he leaped into the air with his arms outstretched. He executed a textbook tackle, wrapping his arms around Robbie’s midsection and throwing his weight behind it.
Robbie was slammed back against the floor-to-ceiling window. The glass shattered like it was made of eggshell. The two men passed straight through and commenced their plummet toward the ground.

Chapter Twenty-four

The ground came at Riley like a derailed locomotive. The air sandblasted his face. Robbie screamed something into his ear that he couldn’t decipher.
This is fiction. This is fiction. The mantra played on a loop in his head. Then he said it out loud. “This is fiction.” He became louder as the ground moved closer. “This is fiction! This is fiction! This –”
Their descent ended with their inevitable arrival on the pavement.
Robbie hit first. Riley on top. The crack of shattered bones and pulverized meat. The two crumpled bodies remained motionless on the ground for a time, stacked one on top of the other.
Dark blood colored the grey cement. It began as a trickle and grew to a pool before spilling into the gutter. Neither man displayed any sign of life.
The night was still.
Riley’s head snapped up. He inhaled a lungful of air. The sound that came from him was something animalistic. There was a moment of disorientation and bewilderment before he realized he had miraculously survived the fall.
He pushed himself off Robbie and fell onto his back, looking up into the night sky. The smashed window on the Giacobbe Hotel’s top floor was above him. The one he had just hurled himself out of. It was infeasibly high. Instant death would be the most likely outcome for anyone attempting such a leap. Slow and painful death would be the next most likely outcome, followed by serious injury and permanent disability; at least, if the laws of physics and basic human anatomy had anything to do with it. And yet here he was, still breathing, his body free from significant damage. The feeling he experienced was something close to godlike.
Robbie was yet to move. He didn’t look like he was about to, either. If the fall hadn’t killed him, the knife sticking out of him almost certainly finished him off. The stag antler handle protruded from the middle of his ribcage. The full eight and one-quarter inches of stainless-steel blade was buried deep in his chest.
After a minute on his back, Riley rolled over onto his stomach. He crawled onto all fours. He was careful to avoid the shattered glass on the ground around him.
With tremendous effort and artistic license, he made it to his feet. He thought for a moment he would fall back down, but the feeling passed and his balance returned. He was sore, no doubt, and he would probably be feeling the effects in the days to come. He might be suffering a touch of whiplash, and maybe some cracked ribs – suspension of disbelief did have its limits – but overall he was fine. No serious broken bones, no internal bleeding. Nothing that couldn’t be walked off or treated with a handful of Tylenol.
Jumping out of a sixth-floor window – through the window, no less – and expecting to survive using nothing more than another human body to cushion the fall was the definition of absurdity. There was no sane reason to expect it to work. It made as much sense as using a watermelon as a floatation device, or a quilt as a bulletproof vest. But he had seen it somewhere before – it might have been on an eighties TV show, or perhaps one of those Jason Bourne films – and so he figured he had a better than average shot of pulling it off. He couldn’t see any other way out.
He managed one step. Then another, and another. He felt good. He felt alive.
This was what being indestructible was like. Nothing could defeat him now. Not a deranged killer wielding a knife the size of a squash racquet. Not common sense or the laws of gravity and physics. Not the normal fragility of the human body. Nothing. He had cracked the code.
“I won.” He broke into a laugh, even though it hurt to do so. “This is the end. I made it. Now there is no one –”
A gunshot ripped through the night. He sensed a bullet whiz past his right ear. A second whizzed past his left. He didn’t hear the third. He felt it though, when he was slammed into the ground. It was like being run over by a truck.
He was now eye level with the asphalt. He tried to get up but couldn’t. He tried again and failed. He turned around as far as he could. Someone was coming for him.
It was Megan. She was armed, and she was down on ground level.
Sheer force of will got him back on his feet. The pain was unbelievable. The left side of his body was on fire. The world of fiction was slipping from his grasp and grim reality was breathing down his neck.
“This is fiction,” he said. “This is just fiction. This is just –”
He coughed. A volume of blood sprayed out across the pavement.
“Oh, no.”
He looked in horror at the dinnerplate-sized splash of crimson in front of him. It was at least a full mouthful, with more on its way. His hand moved to his side, where the bullet had clipped him. When he pulled it away, it looked like he had dunked it in a tin of red paint.
He had to get out of there. This story wasn’t done with him yet.
“This is fiction,” he kept repeating to himself. “This is ... all just ... fiction.”
His head became spacey. He was in danger of passing out right there in the street. It took all his energy and resolve to push through and keep moving.

He didn’t know where he was going. He just had to move. Every atom of energy was invested in placing one foot in front of the other without falling or losing consciousness. If he blacked out, he was a dead man. But the odds of survival were diminishing by the second. Even if he did somehow manage to outrun Megan – and right now he’d have trouble outrunning a quadruple amputee – the trail of blood left in his wake made him easy to track down.
There is always a way out. 
His words became more urgent with each incantation.
There is always a way out.
There is always a way out.
This is just fiction.
Lights were on in the building across the road. That could be his way out. He hurried across.
He pushed on the door and hobbled inside. Only then did he realize where he was. In his confusion, he had stumbled back into Legrand’s. He had returned to the scene of the crime.
He looked around for help, but the place was deserted. The front desk was unattended. There was no night staff or cleaners on duty. The wedding party had packed up and left hours ago.
Complete exhaustion was coming fast. His head was woozy. He had to hurry. If he couldn’t escape Megan, he would have to fight her off. He needed a weapon.
There is always something you can use.
He took stock of what was available. There was a desk. A red velvet sofa. A table. A vase of flowers. A ceramic ashtray – too small to be of any real use. Keep looking. A stand holding a stack of pamphlets. Two artificial pot plants. A fire safety cabinet containing a fire extinguisher, fire blanket, fire hose – and a fire axe.
There it was. The something he could use.
Or it might have been, if he was in any way capable of traversing the twenty feet of floor space to reach the cabinet, open it up, remove the axe, and use it to fend off his attacker. But in his current state, this was all far beyond him. The room blurred after taking just two steps.

He woke up some seconds or minutes later; he couldn’t be sure how long he was out for. His forehead and cheek ached. He must have hit the floor face-first. It was the same side the airbag slammed into him.
Megan hovered above. She looked down at him, shaking her head.
“Oh, Riley. You didn’t really think you could get away from me, did you?”
“Therrresalwayssawayoutt,” he slurred. His words came in one long burble. His brain was sleepy from blood loss.
“What?” She crouched down and pressed the muzzle of the gun against his cheek. It was still hot from firing. “You’ll need to speak up. You’re not making any sense.”
“Therrresalwaysawayout ...”
“I can’t understand a word you’re saying.”
The muzzle moved from his cheek to his temple.
He braced himself. This was it. He had failed in his quest, and he was about to be sent to ignominious purgatory for the make-believe, or whatever afterlife fictional characters were banished to once they had been snuffed out.
Nothing happened. The gun was pulled away.
“You know what? A quick and painless death is more than you deserve. And I want to make this last. I want to enjoy this. You need to suffer for what you’ve done.”
An imbecilic grin was plastered across her face, reminiscent of the skull that had tormented him so much these past few hours. When he saw what she was looking at, he knew why she was smiling.
Megan had spotted the fire safety cabinet – and the fire axe.
The weapon that was supposed to be his salvation was now about to be used for his dismemberment. 
She strolled over toward the doors and placed the Glock on the front desk.
Desperation mounted. There has to be a way out, Riley told himself. But there was nothing. Not this time. Every one of his lives had been used up. He was on his own and utterly defenseless. 
Except for the paring knife.
It was still in his back pocket. He had forgotten all about it until that very moment. He knew there was a reason why he took it. Chekhov’s kitchen utensil.
Megan opened the cabinet. She removed the axe from its holder.
Riley slipped the knife from his pocket before she turned back around. He held it in his right hand, hiding it by pressing it against his forearm.
He would only have one shot. If he missed, he was dead for sure. He would have to time it just right.
“I suppose I could let you live,” she said as she returned, the axe resting against her shoulder. “Only problem is Dead Riley is worth about five hundred grand. Alive, you’re worth nothing to me.”
She stopped directly in front of him, less than an arm’s length away. This was his chance. He had to go now.
He made the move, plunging the paring knife at her Achilles tendon.
Megan saw this coming a mile off. She lifted her foot, and the only thing Riley sliced was fresh air.
She brought her foot down on his hand, and his fingers were crushed. The knife fell from his grasp. She kicked it across the floor, before carrying on as if that had never happened.
“Those insurance policies were not cheap, either,” she said. “In fact –”
The blade of the axe was lined up with his kneecap.
“They cost me an arm and a leg.”
She lifted the axe above her head. Riley’s only hope now was that the shock from the blow would put him to sleep, and the subsequent loss of blood would keep him from waking up. If he were to die now, so be it. He was tired, and he’d had enough. He just wanted this to be over.

Six hours earlier.
Old habits were hard to shake for Selwyn Vickery. The open bar and the celebratory atmosphere allowed him to forget about his crashed Vektehr, stuck in a ditch somewhere on the outskirts of town. Several large cocktails served up in small fishbowls had downgraded the pain in his nose to a minor discomfort, even if breathing wasn’t as easy as it usually was. His mood was jovial, he was with friends, and he was enjoying himself. And he was at a wedding with hundreds of guests and an unattended cloak room.
That was when the idea came to him.
He knew he shouldn’t, but the free-flowing alcohol had muted his impulse control. The temptation was too strong, almost like a compulsion. It was an itch he simply had to scratch. He had to go in there to put his mind at ease. A quick in and out, no more than two or three minutes, and then back to the party.
More often than not, whenever he rifled through random coat pockets at a party, he would discover one or two forgotten items – an earring here, some loose change there. Maybe a crumpled twenty or fifty if he was lucky. The one thing he did not expect to find upon entering the cloak room was a man with his throat sliced open lying in a pool of blood.
The shock was immediate. He stumbled back out of the room, and he somehow managed to put together a coherent string of words to alert a member of Legrand’s staff. Police arrived a short time later.
His hands would not stop shaking as he sat on the red velvet sofa up by the front desk. It wasn’t just the discovery of the dead body that had traumatized him. It was that and everything else that had happened today. Father Hyden dying. Damien exploding. That girl and the vending machine. The dude in the limo. And now this. The residents of fone.ONE were being bumped off, one after the other and in increasingly brutal and bizarre ways.
This was far from normal. It was exactly as Riley had described. It was unreal.
Like something out of a trashy horror novel.
Only then, in the face of such overwhelming evidence, did the truth become evident. His life, and everything in it, was an illusion. He was a character trapped inside a work of fiction.
And his life was in danger.
He had to get out of there, fast. That was the most obvious thing to do. Just run. Riley had already spelled it out for him – if this was all a story, his role was to be part of the body count. He was fresh meat, an overfed goat about to be pushed into the lion enclosure.
He leaped up off the sofa and hurried to the exit.
He skidded to a stop as soon as he was outside. He had no idea where to go from there. If running away was the obvious course of action, it stood to reason that it would also have the most obvious conclusion. His head would become separated from the rest of his body, or he would be violated in a most unpleasant way by a very sharp implement, just like that unfortunate person of Asian origin back in the cloak room. 
So he went back inside to reconsider his strategy. He couldn’t do the first thing that came to him. That would be reckless. He would have to come up with something else. Something unpredictable, and completely out of left field.
He didn’t know what made him think of it, but the answer was right in front of him. Or rather, it was underneath him – the red velvet sofa.
When the room had cleared and no one was looking, he lifted up the cushions and crawled inside. Where that idea came from, or the logic behind it, was a mystery. He just felt, at that particular moment, the interior of that piece of furniture was the safest place in the world – or at least the safest place in Krumbleton. It was the least obvious thing he could have done. It may not have been comfortable, but it was the last place a psychotic killer would think to look.
He was six years old again, playing hide and seek with his two brothers.
He lay there on his side, listening to the police coming and going and the crowd outside, not knowing how much longer he would have to stay like this. The noise died down after a while. Then came hours of silence, interrupted by the occasional member of staff or cleaner passing through. He could have stayed in there for days if need be. At one point he dozed off.
A nearby commotion jolted him awake. He nudged one of the cushions up to peek out. What he saw did not make a lot of sense – Megan Hersh was there, waving an axe around, looking for all intents and purposes like she was about to deprive Riley of one or more limbs. He pondered what could have possibly come over her to behave in such a manner. It didn’t take long to figure out there could only be one answer: Megan was the surprise villain of the story.
There was a reason for his actions after all.
The stage was now set for his moment of glory. The time had come to fulfil his destiny. If he could topple the villain, he would no longer be an expendable supporting player. He would not be insignificant cannon fodder. He would be the hero.

Gunfire shook the foyer. For the second time tonight, a menacing scream in Riley’s eardrums drowned out everything else.
When he opened his eyes, Megan no longer stood over him. She was on the floor, a few feet to his left. The axe was a further eighteen inches out of reach. She had her arm outstretched, straining to grasp the handle. Despite having just taken a bullet in the back, she appeared determined to finish what she had started.
“I don’t think so,” Selwyn said.
He aimed the Glock and fired twice. Both shots went deep into her torso. He fired again, and she finally stopped moving.
“You’re in my story now, bitch,” he said in between blasts. It sounded like a line he had rehearsed in his head beforehand.
With no small effort, Riley managed to prop himself up on his elbows. In his near-delirious state, he couldn’t quite figure out what had just happened, and how Selwyn had arrived at the last possible moment to save him. He suspected that even if he wasn’t bleeding and exhausted and in agony, he still might have had trouble piecing it all together. But that hardly mattered right now. He was grateful to be alive, and he assumed this had all been achieved without any cheating or narrative implausibilities.
Selwyn looked down at him, suddenly aware of his alarming appearance. “Jesus. It looks like your night has been even more interesting than mine.”
“Don’t worry about me,” Riley said. “I’ll be fine.”
“I don’t want to say I told you so,” Selwyn said, kneeling down beside him, “but it seems you were wrong about my role in all of this.”
Despite everything, Riley managed a weak smile. “I should have known you could be the hero. Either that, or a deus ex machina.”
Selwyn thought about this for a moment. “I don’t know what that is. Sounds cool, though. Like a vengeful machine.”
“Something like that,” he said, just as the room began to lose focus and the ringing in his ears gave way to the sound of police sirens. This was followed by the flashing of red and blue through the windows as the first of the squadron pulled up outside.
Only then did he allow himself to let go and drift into unconsciousness, safe in the knowledge that this horrendous ordeal was finally over.

Chapter Twenty-five

A few hours at the local hospital was all Riley needed before he checked himself out. The doctors attended to his injuries and patched up his wounds, and they let him have a lucky dip’s worth of drugs to take with him. Of course, they tried talking him into staying longer, at least another day or two for observation, just to be sure there were no lasting after-effects. But he knew he would be okay. He’d survived the worst of it, and he felt fine. He also knew something they didn’t.
Besides, there was somewhere he needed to be.
He barely recognized Hal’s Kitchen when he passed through the doors. The place he grew up with was run down and grungy, and more or less frozen in time since its grand opening in 1978. It had walls the color of mashed peas and a floor of linoleum flypaper, as well as an ever-present odor of eggs and lard, irrespective of whether the kitchen was in operation. Now it had been made over with a sparse minimalist design, featuring natural lighting and tables and chairs constructed from recycled timber. Ambient world music played in the background rather than the crackly AM radio he was used to hearing. The air smelled of sandalwood.
Nicola waited in one of the booths. She smiled and waved when she saw him walk in. The smile faded when she noticed the condition he was in.
He didn’t look too bad, all things considered. He should have been a swollen and bloody lump after everything he had been through, but the wonders of fantasyland had managed to shield him from the worst of it. The few cuts and bruises he’d acquired had given him a kind of rugged handsomeness. But it was still a lot to take in, given that she wasn’t expecting it.
“Sorry I’m late,” he said, sliding into the seat opposite. A sharp ache shot up his back and across his ribs. The booths may have been atheistically pleasing, but they were all right angles and hard corners, and not particularly comfortable.
“You’re actually a few minutes early,” she said.
He looked at his watch. “Huh. So I am. Been waiting long?”
She shook her head. “I only just arrived.”
A brief silence floated by; a short stretch of awkwardness where neither one knew what to say next, both hoping the other would launch into a topic of conversation to set the ball rolling. They now looked like any other young couple experiencing first date nerves.
“So ... it looks like it was a typical Krumbleton wedding then,” Nicola said.
Riley let out a soft chuckle. “You have no idea.”
A waitress came by to take their order. It wasn’t until he looked at the menu that he realized how hungry he was. He’d missed out on a meal at last night’s reception, and it had been more than twenty-four hours since he last ate anything substantial. He ordered a Spanish omelet and a glass of orange juice, knowing that he would probably order more once he had finished that off.
“So don’t keep me in suspense,” Nicola said as soon as they were alone again.
“About what?”
“Langdon Pryce! Did you find him?”
“Oh yeah. Yeah, I found him.”
“And it was the real one? The famous writer?”
He nodded. “The one and only.”
“Did you get what you needed from him?”
He considered the question for a moment. “I guess I did get what I needed.”
“Wow, that’s huge. I can’t believe an actual celebrity lives around here! Who would have imagined that? What was he like?”
“I’ll tell you about it later,” he said. “It’s kind of a long story, and to be honest, a lot of it still doesn’t make sense to me. Right now, I just want to crawl into bed and spend the next two days sleeping.”
He shifted around in his seat, still trying to determine the least uncomfortable position for him to sit. His plunge from the hotel window had left him with some nasty bruising and joint ache. It would likely be weeks before he recovered from his physical injuries. Psychological injuries shouldn’t be a problem, though. PTSD didn’t seem to be a thing in genre fiction.
“Didn’t you say you have to leave soon?” Nicola said.
“Did I?”
“Last night, on the phone. You said you had to be gone by ten o’clock this morning.”
“Oh yeah. I did say that.”
Durant’s order for him to leave town felt like eons ago. He assumed it no longer applied, since the detective would not be around to enforce it. Besides, the cops at the hospital had told him not to go too far since they would probably need to speak with him some more in the coming days.
“I’ve reconsidered,” he said. “I’ve been thinking about extending my stay.”
“Really?” Nicola tried to sound naturally inquisitive, but she could barely conceal her delight.
“Sure, why not? It’s been so long since I was last here, and it seems like a waste of a trip not to stick around and see some more of the town. If I’m being honest, I didn’t realize how much I missed the place until I came back.”
The waitress returned with their drinks. Riley took a healthy sip of his orange juice. It may well have been the best juice he had ever tasted.
“I know I’ve complained a lot about Krumbleton over the years,” he continued. “We all do. That’s our birthright as locals. But the funny thing is I don’t think I’ve ever felt at home anywhere else.”
Nicola emptied half an artificial sweetener sachet into her tea. “How long do you think you’ll stay?” she said, stirring with a teaspoon.
He shrugged. “Who knows? A week, maybe? Or a month? I might even stay on indefinitely.”
This news prompted Nicola to break out in a big, beaming smile; one that displayed the magnificent work of all that awkward adolescent orthodontics. As she did, the room appeared to brighten. The pain in Riley’s body lessened. The intoxicating aroma of hot waffles and freshly brewed coffee drifted over from the kitchen. The sun emerged from behind a cloud, and the diner was bathed in a warm orange glow. This may have just been the slow-release painkillers kicking in, but for the first time in years, he felt happy. He felt at home.
None of it was real, of course. He knew that. Hal’s Kitchen wasn’t real. Krumbleton wasn’t real. Nicola most definitely was not real. She was some sort of bespoke fantasy girl, far too perfect to be true. A thinly drawn character without a single recognizable human flaw, and a composite of every shy/smart/cute dream-girl cliché beloved by male writers. She was attracted to him for reasons that had never been properly explained, and was merely a plot device created to give the narrative some sort of uplifting conclusion. But none of that bothered him in the slightest. If Langdon Pryce, the real Langdon Pryce, saw fit to give him his happily ever after ending, he wasn’t going to complain. After everything he had been through to get here, he deserved it.
He was content to swallow down those blue pills and go on denying reality for as long as possible. Living in this artificial world was infinitely preferable to whatever the real world had to offer.

(...)

Invisible Inc. occupied floors forty-six through forty-eight of the Acosta building. Dominik Diamond’s office was situated on the northern corner of floor forty-seven. It boasted panoramic city views and about as much floor space as the average two-bedroom apartment.
The real Langdon Pryce was perched on the edge of an Italian leather wingback armchair like a nervous patient awaiting his test results. A perky young assistant offered a mechanical smile as she placed a soy latte in front of him. He thanked her and took a sip. He was ninety-five percent certain she was sleeping with the boss.
This feeling of agitation was foreign to him. He had been in this position many times before, meeting with the head of his publisher after delivering his manuscript, but this was different. What he had handed Invisible Inc. was nothing like his previous work. And aside from the usual pleasantries when he first came in, Diamond had not said a word to him in the ten minutes since he arrived. Instead, he scrambled around the room, blabbering with clients over the phone and attending to trivial chores, like he would rather be doing anything other than discussing the latest work from his highest-selling author.
He looked darker since Langdon last saw him. The result, he guessed, of either another Ko Pha Ngan vacation or a new tanning bed. He also appeared to have acquired a significantly thicker head of hair. He made a mental note not to look directly at it.
Finally, Diamond settled into the seat opposite.
“So ...” he said, dragging the word out to give it additional syllables. “Where to begin with Horrorshow?”
He looked up to the ceiling, as if searching for guidance from above.
“Did you really write the whole thing in one week?” he said.
“Uh ... yeah, I guess I did. I just wanted to see if I could do it. You know, like I wanted to test myself.” 
Langdon’s fingernails tapped the edge of the ceramic cup. He stopped when he realized how nervy this must make him look.
“So what did you think?”
Diamond looked like he was chewing on his tongue as he mulled the question over. “I didn’t get it,” he finally said.
“What didn’t you get?”
“Most of it, I suppose. I didn’t get most of it. The second half, especially. It started off fine, but then it just ...” Diamond waved his hands around in front of him as he grasped for the right words. “It went off the rails after that.”
Langdon cleared his throat and moved forward in his seat. He had anticipated this kind of reaction, and he’d prepared his answers in advance.
“Well, see, I had this idea for these two stories, these two parallel narratives. One was about the character in the book, Riley, and the other was about the author writing Riley’s story. Then I decided to merge the two –”
“I understand what you were trying to do, Langdon. That part was obvious. I just don’t understand why you thought you had to do it that way, and why you would deviate from a winning formula. What’s the point in trying to reinvent the wheel? Why did a writer by the name of Langdon Pryce appear as a character in a Langdon Pryce novel? And why did someone called Dominik Diamond show up a few pages later?”
“Yeah, sorry about that.” Langdon pushed himself back in his seat. He could feel moisture forming under his armpits. “I probably should have given you a heads-up about that. That wasn’t meant to be an accurate depiction, by the way. It was exaggerated for comic effect. I can change the character’s name if you want me to.”
“Honestly, my cameo appearance is the least of my concerns, even if I wasn’t thrilled to see one of our private phone conversations reproduced almost verbatim. What troubles me more is your decision to throw away the secret Coca-Cola recipe and try to come up with a new one from scratch, which is essentially what you’ve done here. After reading the first fifty pages, I was popping the Cristal. I was in no doubt that we had another million-seller on our hands. And then fifty pages later, the story completely lost focus. It veered off into these other directions with irrelevant subplots and too-clever-by-half interludes. That was the point where the cork went back in the bottle.”
Langdon took a deep breath. It was clear Diamond had already made up his mind about the book and had no interest in anything he had to say.
“I know it’s not what you expected, or what my fans might expect, but that’s not necessarily a bad thing, is it? A story is meant to surprise the reader. Expectations are supposed to be subverted. Artists are supposed to reinvent themselves. The last thing I want is to be predictable.”
“You think your readers want to be surprised?”
“Of course they want to be surprised. Why else would anyone read anything?”
“Audiences enjoy small surprises. They like it when they find out the perfect husband and father is the sadistic pervert that’s been terrorizing the neighborhood, or that the cop and the serial killer he’s chasing are identical twins separated at birth. That kind of surprise is acceptable. What they don’t want is a completely different product to what they thought they were getting. When you pay for a hamburger, you expect it to taste like a hamburger. Nobody wants their hamburger to taste like quinoa.”
Dominik Diamond propped one foot against the edge of the coffee table as he spoke. He wore a pair of gold metallic Oxford shoes that looked ridiculous on a man of his age. This appeared to be part of some post-divorce midlife crisis, to go with the twenty-year-old girlfriend and the beaver hide glued to his scalp.
“I really think you’re underestimating my readers’ intelligence, Dom,” Langdon said.
“Trust me, I’m not. We conduct extensive market research, so I know your audience better than you do. I know what every one of our writers’ audiences want. Chick-lit readers want the main character to end up with the handsome love interest. Readers of detective novels want the protagonist to crack the case and hunt down the bad guy. And do you know what people want to read when they pick up a Langdon Pryce novel? Believe it or not, they want to read a Langdon Pryce novel. You know, great thrills, a fast-paced story, a bit of humor, a bit of gore. They want what they were promised when they handed over their hard-earned cash. It’s your job to deliver that.”
“Funny, I thought it was my job to take risks and push myself creatively.”
This comment provoked a derisive snort from Dominik Diamond. “I don’t know where you heard that, but I’m afraid you’ve been misinformed.”
Langdon took another sip of his latte. The flavor was gone; it was like drinking fermented dishwater. This conversation had spoiled it. He would have spat it back into the cup if Diamond hadn’t been looking at him. Instead, he forced it down and placed the cup to one side.
“So what if I don’t want to keep churning out the same tired old dross for the rest of my life?” he said. “What if I want to try new things? Maybe I want to write something that I might actually enjoy reading.”
Diamond huffed out a long breath. “Let’s be honest here, L. This is a classic mid-career move. I’ve seen it many times before. You haven’t written this book to satisfy some creative urge, and you certainly haven’t written it for your fans’ enjoyment. You wrote it trying to impress critics and other writers. You just want them to like you.”
“That’s ridiculous,” Langdon scoffed, outwardly dismissive but inwardly hoping he didn’t sound like he was protesting too much.
“I don’t think it is,” Diamond said. “Every successful writer goes through something like this at one point or another, and I’ve noticed you’ve become a lot more sensitive to criticism in recent years. Especially after what happened with Flesh Without Blood, and all the negativity that came with that.”
“Dom, everything I do gets torn apart by critics. They’ve never liked me. Not in this decade, anyway.”
“Yes, but the Flesh reviews were particularly spiteful. I think we both know the level of vitriol was a lot harsher with that one.”
“Honestly, none of that had any influence on Horrorshow,” Langdon said, speaking through semi-clenched teeth. “None at all. It barely appeared on my radar.”
He wasn’t being entirely truthful in saying this. The contempt that critics held for Langdon Pryce was nothing compared with the scorn he reserved for them. In his view, critics were responsible for untold misery for which they should be held to account. Most of them either didn’t know or didn’t care how destructive their words could be. If snobby art critics had been kinder to a young Adolf Hitler, the entire twentieth century could have been a lot more pleasant for everyone.
“Look, I get it,” Diamond said. “I understand that deep down every popular writer craves the adoration of the literary establishment. It’s human nature to seek the approval of your peers. But you should know that it goes the other way, too. Every critical darling would drown puppies to be able to shift units like you do. Jonathan Franzen wants Dan Brown’s sales just as much as Dan Brown wants Jonathan Franzen’s plaudits. The grass is always greener.”
They were interrupted by a knock at the door. Diamond’s young assistant appeared, holding a document that she said required his immediate signature. He shooed her away with a flick of his wrist.
Langdon wondered if the two of them had rehearsed this little charade for his benefit, to make it look as if Diamond was giving him his full and undivided attention.
“I hope I’m not coming across as too negative,” Diamond said once they were alone again. “Because I really believe that among all the self-referential twaddle and postmodern navel gazing, there’s a good story here that’s struggling to get out. I was invested in the plot for the first third. The stuff about Riley returning to his hometown, how he’s trying to evade the mysterious killer while he outruns his own past. I was hooked! I wanted to know what happened next. But then it went off on all those other tangents, and my interest immediately waned.”
“That’s fine. I’m not expecting everyone to like it. Maybe this story isn’t for you.”
“Right. And maybe continued financial prosperity isn’t for you. Because this won’t sell anything like your previous books, I can guarantee that.”
“Big deal. Money is not my prime motivator. Maybe it once was, but not anymore. I learned a long time ago that money does not buy happiness.”
“I’ve heard countless people make that same claim. Weirdly enough, they all still choose to hang onto it.”
Diamond lifted his foot from the table. He leaned in toward Langdon, adopting the posture of a concerned teacher attempting to reach out to a wayward student.
“Come on, L. You know I’m always an artist’s biggest supporter, but you need to trust me on this. No one wants to read a book by a successful writer, about a successful writer, complaining about how hard it is to be a successful writer.”
The two men said nothing for a while. Langdon sat there with his arms folded and his eyes on the floor. It came as no surprise that Diamond would be hostile to this new direction. He had expected that. He just wasn’t prepared for him to be this close-minded.
“Look, it’s not the end of the world,” Diamond said. “Far from it. You’re hardly the first writer to be struck down by a chronic case of inflamed grandiosity, and I believe the story can be salvaged. My advice to you is to go home, take a break, take a vacation if you need to. Ko Pha Ngan is amazing at this time of year. And when you’ve had time to think it over, take another shot at the manuscript. Once you view it with fresh eyes, I think you’ll see what I’m getting at. You’ve already laid the foundations for a terrific story. Just strip it back and remove all the superfluous nonsense, and you’ll be fine. And next time, maybe don’t leave it until the week before deadline.”
“I’ll think about it,” Langdon said, rising from his seat. “But I’m not making any promises.”
“Oh, and see if you can add another twist at the end,” Diamond said, just as they were near the door. “Something the audience won’t see coming. Maybe one that sets up for a sequel.”
Langdon made the same face he pulled that morning when he mistakenly put salt in his coffee instead of sugar. This was just getting worse. He could feel his last shreds of dignity being stripped away.
“Please don’t ask me to do that, Dom. Those twists are always so ridiculous. I’m trying to distance myself from my past work.”
“Hey, it’s only a suggestion. But you should know that when your book ends with a final-page twist, sales are twenty-two percent higher. It doesn’t have to make sense. Just throw in one more surprise to give the reader something to think about.”

“That is not a novel,” Dominik Diamond barked into his phone. “It’s a literary abortion. It’s a three-hundred-page cocaine hangover. It’s career hara-kiri.”
The elevator had been frozen on the sixty-fifth floor for an eternity. Diamond was eighteen floors lower, trying to use his limited powers of telekinesis to will it to move. He compulsively tapped his chunky gold statement ring against the steel door like an OCD vellication.
The voice of Malcolm Lynton was in his ear. Lynton was Diamond’s direct superior, and the senior vice president of Interaxic, Invisible Inc.’s parent company.
“I had an inkling something was off, and that he might not play ball this time around,” Diamond continued. “So it’s not like this has come completely out of the blue. But this is more than a writer throwing a temper tantrum. The boy’s lost his goddamn mind. He’s taken leave of his senses and gone completely off the deep end.”
The floor number finally changed. Sixty-four ... sixty-three ... sixty-two ...
Malcolm Lynton let it be known that a new Langdon Pryce book remained Interaxic’s number one priority, and it was to be on retail shelves by year’s end come hell or high water. He reminded Diamond of the company’s challenging second quarter – Interaxic’s digital content division has posted its fifth consecutive loss, this one in the quarter of a billion dollar range, and their attempt at launching a new soda line had been an unmitigated disaster. A pre-Christmas release date was non-negotiable. Pushing back the latest novel from their cash cow author would be catastrophic.
Unlike Diamond, Malcolm Lynton was not a ranter. His voice remained calm and measured throughout, but his words were delivered with an undercurrent of menace. He didn’t raise his voice because he didn’t need to.
“I understand all that Malcolm, but you haven’t read the damn thing,” Diamond said. “Putting out something like that will do more harm than good in the long run.”
The elevator pinged. Diamond had climbed inside before the doors had fully parted.
“This could cause irreparable damage to his brand. He’ll become a laughing stock, and he’ll alienate ninety percent of his readership. Once your core audience deserts you, it’s very difficult to get them back.”
He punched the button for the ground floor like it had spilled its drink all over his new suit and made fun of his hairpiece.
Seven other Interaxic employees were already inside the elevator. Diamond did nothing to acknowledge their presence. They all shuffled back a step to afford him as much space as possible. His mood today was unequivocal.
He remained oblivious to their nervous shifts in body language. They all knew who Dominik Diamond was, and would have heard stories of his legendary hair-trigger temper. Some would have witnessed it first-hand. He had a tendency to erupt without notice and take it out on whatever poor sap happened to be nearest. None of them wanted to be that sap today.
“The story is a spectacular mess. It’s all over the place.” Diamond jabbed at the close door button, pressing it seventeen times before it finally complied with his demands. “It tries so hard to be clever and original, but it only succeeds in frustrating the reader. Oh, and it’s the third book he’s written that has a character with a cuckold fetish. I’m not joking about that, Malcolm. The third one. Not a supporting character either; it’s one of the main characters. The one he’s based on himself. The one he’s named after himself. He may as well come out and tell the world that’s what he’s into, since everyone’s going to figure it out anyway.”
The next stop was the twenty-eighth floor. The other passengers could not pile out of there fast enough.
Diamond knew they all didn’t need to step off here and were only leaving for his benefit. They could sense that he was approaching another of his infamous apoplectic convulsions; something they did not want to be around to witness. It was a prudent move on their part.
“If he still refuses to listen, we might have to start thinking about contingency plans,” he continued. “Worst-case scenario is that he’s having some sort of nervous breakdown. If that’s the case, fine, we can deal with it. We can exploit it. Make it public. Very public. A Britney Spears or Charlie Sheen kind of meltdown. Splash his face across every tabloid. Feed stories of his drug use to the press. We might even be able to get him committed. All of a sudden, the book is no longer an indulgent mess from a spoiled millionaire. Now it’s ‘a fascinating insight into a disturbed mind’. Then, when the inevitable declining sales and dwindling residuals come through, he might see the error of his ways, and his next book will be more in line with what we’ve come to expect. That’ll be his ‘triumphant comeback’, his stunning return to form. Maybe this is something he needs to get out of his system.”
The doors closed. The elevator continued its descent, while Diamond continued his diatribe.
“I swear Malcolm, I’m this close to walking away from publishing and starting my own sports management firm. You never have to deal with this kind of drama managing athletes. Those guys have one singular motivation, and it’s to make as much money as possible in the limited time they have in the spotlight. Artists though, they’re never satisfied with what they have. They fight tooth and nail to become rich and famous, only to resent it as soon as it happens. Most of us would be grateful to have millions of fans and a bank account nudging nine figures, but these temperamental prima donnas have the nerve to be embarrassed by it. They feel it’s beholden upon themselves to apologize for their success.”
He carried on like this for another few floors before the two men agreed to discuss the matter in further detail at tomorrow’s meeting.
The call ended, and the phone went back into Diamond’s pocket. He ran his fingers through his hair – something he found himself doing more often now that he had more of it – and he smoothed down the lapels of his suit. He popped two Zantac tablets. Another day, another writer giving him heartburn.
Only then did he notice the one remaining passenger in the elevator with him.
He saw him in the reflection of the doors. He had been so caught up in the phone call that he hadn’t noticed he was not alone. He assumed everyone had stepped off on the twenty-eighth floor.
He studied the man’s reflection for a moment. Black jeans. Black hoodie. Black gloves. Black boots. Grinning white skull mask. This all seemed very familiar.
“Cute costume,” Diamond said. He forced a smile, but there was little amusement in his voice.
The stranger did not respond, or give any indication that he had heard the remark.
“So.” A charged silence passed. “I assume Langdon Pryce has put you up to this?”
This must be some kind of stunt to sell him on Horrorshow. If so, it was a pretty lame one. He waited for the stranger to speak. Still nothing.
“Tell Langdon he’s going to need more than cheap pranks to fix the problems with the manuscript,” he said.
The stranger remained mute. The silence intensified.
Diamond noticed that his right hand gripped the handle of a prop knife. A very realistic prop knife.
The grinning face lifted marginally. It was now looking directly at him.
Dominik Diamond was barely cognizant of it, but a cold sweat pricked the back of his neck.

“Hey, you’re Langdon Pryce!”
Wonderful. Another obnoxious member of the public telling Langdon who he was at the top of his voice. This was his favorite type of fan.
The voice came from a young male, Caucasian, aged 18-30, suburban middle class. Backwards baseball cap, black Breaking Bad Heisenberg t-shirt, neckbeard, BMI of 29. Demographically indistinguishable from the hundreds of thousands just like him in Langdon Pryce’s core readership. There was a seventy-one percent chance that Bring Me The Horizon was his favorite band.
The fan already had his phone in his hand and an outstretched arm. The real Langdon Pryce granted him three seconds of his time to take the selfie before wordlessly moving on. He could barely summon the effort required to contort his face into a smile. This guy may have helped pay for his holiday home and his first-class travel, but that didn’t mean he owed him anything.
“Can’t wait for your next book, brah!” the fan shouted as he left.
“Looks like you’re going to have to,” Langdon muttered to himself.
The lobby of the Acosta building was busier than usual today. It was a sea of dark suits and dead eyes, fueled by expense accounts and overpriced macchiatos. All these Dominik Diamond clones, vampires and succubi on the hunt for raw talent to exploit and manipulate, to suck dry and discard. Lock the artist in a cage, hook up the tubes and pump out the product like a cow on an automatic milking unit. Langdon could not get out of there fast enough.
His mood had further soured since the meeting had ended, although he shouldn’t have been surprised by Dominik Diamond’s reaction to Horrorshow. Diamond couldn’t help it; he was blinkered by typical corporate mentality. To people like that, everything in life could be reduced to dollars and cents. He viewed the world in monetary terms, the way robots saw everything as zeroes and ones. Diamond liked to describe himself as an artist’s greatest supporter, but that was mere grandstanding. He could never understand the inner workings of a creative mind, and he would never know what it was like to pour your heart and soul into a project you were truly passionate about.
To Diamond, it was inconceivable that an artist might be perfectly happy for his audience to shrink while he pushed his talents to the absolute limit. If Diamond had his way, Langdon would be locked in a basement somewhere, chained to a desk and forced at gunpoint to crank out ninety thousand words every twelve months.
Maybe he could take his work elsewhere if this was the kind of respect he was going to get around here. Make a clean break and a fresh start. A smaller publisher would be receptive to his ideas and willing to take more risks. An independent, maybe. Any number of boutique imprints would crawl naked over broken glass to have a name like Langdon Pryce on their roster. They might lack the marketing heft of Invisible Inc., but he didn’t need that anymore. His name was its own brand. His books sold themselves. Every new release was a publishing event.
Of course, the one thing preventing him from doing this was the two books he owed Invisible Inc. Still, there might be some way of wriggling out of it, since contracts were broken and renegotiated all the time. Toss enough money at your legal team and they can finagle just about anything for you.
The revolving doors were up ahead. His problems with Dominik Diamond and Horrorshow and Invisible Inc. were relegated to second place in his mind, his mental energy now devoted to trying to recall the directions to the nearest bar. It was only 11:45 a.m. – a little early, but these were extenuating circumstances. Besides, he was a professional writer. A lifetime pass for day-drinking was one of the perks of the job.
He came to within a few feet of the doors, but he never made it outside. He was stopped in his tracks by a blood-curdling scream that ricocheted through the lobby.
The scream was followed by a curious silence. And then instantaneous pandemonium.
The crowd became a living organism as it surged toward the exits. People were running, although most didn’t know why. Some lost their footing. The revolving doors jammed up, intensifying the panic.
Langdon just stood there as the bodies swarmed past. He had no idea what was happening, although he knew he should probably run too. That would be the sensible and logical course of action. But he didn’t flee the source of the chaos. Instead, he was drawn to it. If someone had asked him what he was doing, he wouldn’t have been able to answer. But some unseen force compelled him.
There were four elevators ahead. The doors to the furthest one along were open, with a pair of feet sticking out. The doors closed on the legs, and then opened. Then closed and opened again, and again.
The feet were clad in a pair of gold metallic Oxford shoes.
He moved closer. Blood covered the elevator walls, like a crimson dye bomb had been activated. A lifeless body lay at the bottom of it all. It was like a scene from a cheap horror movie.
Or a page from a Langdon Pryce novel.
A man stepped over the body and out of the elevator. He was dressed head to toe in black, his face hidden behind a white skull mask. His clothes, boots, gloves and mask were covered in varying degrees of blood splatter.
Langdon knew who this was. That much was obvious. He had spent one intense week not so long ago with this gentleman living in his head day and night. But he didn’t know how. How this creation of his had clawed its way out from the pages of his manuscript and into the real world. A week and a half ago, he was just experimenting with ideas and concepts and storytelling techniques. Now he had somehow conjured the devil.
The masked killer had spotted him.
Now would be an optimum time to flee, but his feet remained in place, like his shoes were iron and the floor magnetized. Nothing he did could get them to move. His nervous system had entered a state of revolt. He could only stand there and watch as the madman strolled across the lobby at a leisurely pace, coming straight for him.
The receptionist cowered beneath her desk, phone in hand, her fingers turning to thumbs as she tried calling for help. An intern stood with his body pressed against the wall, unsure whether to remain unnoticed or risk making a break for the exit.
A typhoon of thoughts swirled through Langdon’s head as he tried making sense of what he was witnessing. This was a bad dream. It was a hallucination. An elaborate prank. The worst acid flashback ever.
But deep down he knew there could only be one possible explanation: none of it was real.
He was left with the devastating realization that the world around him did not really exist, and he was nothing more than a character trapped in a work of fiction.
The real Langdon Pryce was not the real Langdon Pryce.
The killer came to a stop a few feet in front of him.
“Oh, Langdon,” he said, shaking his head. “I hope you didn’t think this story was over.”
A gloved hand reached for the mask. It came off in one swift motion. The face beneath had a grin so large it was almost cartoonish.
Langdon felt the ground open up around him. “Riley ...?”
“You’re not done here,” Riley said. “Not by a long shot. What you’ve created is far too powerful to end after three hundred-odd pages. And we’ve just been having too much fun, haven’t we?”
He used his sleeve to wipe away a spot of blood from his cheek. This only succeeded in smearing it across his face, making him appear even more deranged.
A security guard flew around the corner, waving his gun and screaming for Riley to relinquish his weapon and get on the floor. These demands went ignored.
“But, but ... how?” was all Langdon managed to say.
Riley’s hand clamped onto his shoulder. “You don’t need to worry about that, comrade,” he said, giving him a friendly shake. “All will be revealed in due course. Because you and me – we’re just getting warmed up.”
Langdon tried to respond. Nothing came out. His feet still refused to move. He was immobilized by terror, struck down with an inexplicable case of locked-in syndrome. All he could do was repeat the same four-word mantra in his head, over and over and over.
This is just fiction ... this is just fiction ... this is just fiction ...

Also by Nathan Allen

All Against All
Hollywood Hack Job
The War on Horror: Tales from a Post-Zombie Society
The War on Horror II: Return of the Undead Menace

Also by Langdon Pryce

Bloodstain
They Want My Soul
Girl With One Eye
House Of Wolves
Satin In A Coffin
Ten Ton Skeleton
Laughing With A Mouth Of Blood
Ashtray Wasp
Black Tongue
Devil And The Deed
Two-Headed Boy
Shoot To Forget
Flesh Without Blood

If you enjoyed this novel, please take the time to leave a review at the site you downloaded it from. Every review helps.

For feedback or to be notified of future releases email nathanallen10101@gmail.com

Twitter: @NathanAWrites
If you liked Horrorshow, you might enjoy ...

Ashtray Wasp by Langdon Pryce

The nukes are on the way.

It’s the night of Kim Jong-un’s fortieth birthday party. In an act of drunken bravado, the North Korean despot orders the launch of every missile in his arsenal to entertain the masses and demonstrate the military might of the hermit kingdom.

Ten percent of the world has already been wiped off the map. A further four billion will be dead by sundown.

With only hours left to live, society crumbles like a week-old croissant. Normal people find themselves doing the kinds of things they would never have dreamed of, while abnormal people use this opportunity to live out the depraved fantasies they have always dreamed of.

Battling his way through the chaos is Martin Che, an ex-con delivery driver who has just learned his former wife was killed in the first strike. Can he survive long enough to track down the teenage daughter he never knew existed?

“Haters be damned – Langdon Pryce is a genius.” – Leonora Bevan, OMGMonkeys.com

Available now from Invisible Inc.

If you liked Horrorshow, you might enjoy ...

Hollywood Hack Job by Nathan Allen

A veteran priest introduces Old Testament-style vengeance to the modern world. A Tinder date goes from bad to worse before descending into unimaginable horrors. Two ambitious young screenwriters grapple with their last chance to make it big in Hollywood.

And the enigmatic vagrant that ties them all together.

Three disparate and deranged tales featuring deluded narcissists, desperate wannabes, cunning fraudsters, lecherous vampires and sociopathic social climbers, in the city where dreams are sold and nightmares are conjured.

“An absolutely compelling read. Four stars!” – Verified Amazon Customer

If you liked Horrorshow, you might enjoy ...

The Adultification of Chastity May by Taliyah Barnes

On a cold day in April, the life of nineteen-year-old Chastity May changes forever.

Her parents are killed in a car accident.

She discovers that she was adopted.

She is accepted into the internship program at MadHouse, a controversial cutting-edge tech company.

These three events converge to upend her life, and the naïve Chastity is plunged into an exhilarating world of glamor and intrigue. It also brings her into the orbit of Alexander Madrid, billionaire philanthropist and MadHouse’s brilliant but reclusive founder.

But the closer she gets to Alexander Madrid, the more she comes to suspect he is not all he seems.

“A dazzling erotic thriller that will keep you on the edge of your seat. Taliyah Barnes is one to watch.” – Georgia O’Donnell, NewsOrbit

Coming soon from Invisible Inc.

