Copyright 2021 R.J. Adams - Smashwords Edition

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.

If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.

Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
?
All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication maybe reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise)? without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.

The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorised, associated with or sponsored by the trademark owners.
Chapter 1

The sun shines through the window creating a warm feeling on my skin. It almost feels like a summer day. If I close my eyes, I can picture the beach, hear the ocean waves coming and going. The feeling of the sand filtering between my toes.
My mind is my escape, when the bad dreams and the memories fade, my imagination becomes my solace. My playground of fantasies.
I stare at the blue sky wondering, what it's like beyond the clouds. Beyond the sky. Where the world would end, and heaven would begin.
If I died, would I look as I am now? Would I be wearing what I am wearing now or in heaven do you get flowing white gowns that sweetly flow along the floating clouds of heaven as you glide along with it. 
What if I didn't go to heaven, what if I went to hell for being the daughter of a monster?
Do we also carry the sins of our parents? Does that they do hold us accountable too? Strange thought I guess, to think of death, to think of what may happen when you die. But when you have seen the things I have seen, then, well, it wouldn't be hard not to think about it.
"How are you feeling today Rayne?"
I stare intensely out of the window wanting to be free, wanting to not think of this anymore or be here. Therapy will be good for you they said, it will help you they said. All it has done so far is make me go over the same horrific details, things I don't want to think about. "I feel, okay, I guess."
"Anymore nightmares?" her tone is soft. Her caring blue eyes look deep into me, she reminds me of a grandmother. Not my therapist. Her shawl draped over her shoulders and her glasses perched on the end of her nose as she writes her notes whenever I speak.
"No, no-more nightmares, well, not this week anyway. I think being around Josh has helped. When he isn't there, I guess my nerves are more on edge."
"What do you mean?"
"Well, since all this, I feel like people are trying to hunt me down - find me. Punish me."
"That is your anxiety and over time that will ease. No-one is coming for you, none of what happened was your fault."
Maybe, I suppose it wasn't although I never took part and only found out when all the horror came to light. But people don't see things that way, they see what the media tells them. The 'she must have known' whispers and the evil stares that follow.
Why oh! why couldn't my father just be a normal person, why did he have to do what he did?
"Have you had more visions?"
I look at her, my mind thinking, "not since I've moved to the other house. I can't go back to our old house. I was thinking of putting it up for sale but who is going to want to buy it? It's like the Amityville. Everyone knows what happened there." 
Yes, I have two houses, one where everything happened and one no-one knows about. I suppose it's good that no-one knows about it otherwise I would have the media there too. 
I hate waking up every morning with the, stood outside, just waiting for a glimpse of me so they can bombard me with questions. Haven't they had enough?
Every sordid detail published, every part of my life, photos, what more could they need from me? When will they let this go?
"You could try and sell it, see what happens, maybe let it go and use that sale to move on."
"I suppose I could, if I could, I don't know, maybe I'm not ready to let it go, deep down. I mean, I grew up there, it's my family home."
"Do you still see it as a family home?"
"I don't know," I shrug, "maybe, just from the memories I had there but I can't live there, not anymore."
The house holds nothing for me now, yes, memories, beautiful, wonderful memories of that house but now, tarnished by what has happened.
"Well, then maybe you should try and sell it and only take those memories you cherish with you. Forget what happened." Her voice softens, "Rayne, you have to try and move on otherwise you will never feel release from all this."
Yeah, easier said than done "how can I? I still think of my father as this kind, loving person. But then, I know what he did, he was sick, psychotic, and yet, in my heart, I love him. Does that make me bad? To love a man like that?"
"No," she says, her mouth curling up into a tiny smile, "you see your father as you see him, not what happened. You experienced life in a different way to the way he was when he did all those things. You have said before how wonderful your childhood was, how wonderful he was with you. I think, there is nothing wrong with loving the man you knew as your father."
I did have a wonderful childhood. Anything I wanted I had. You must think I'm a spoilt brat, got anything I wanted. 
My dad treated me like a princess, I was his one and only. It was just him and me. My mother left when I was so young. I remember the day I woke up, ready for breakfast, excited because that day, we were all going to buy my first pair of dancing shoes. I wanted to be a prima ballerina, I sucked but I was eager to learn. So, my mother said we could go buy shoes. I came running down the stairs filled with glee and excitement by my mother wasn't there. I searched but never found her, all I saw was my father sat on the sofa, his face so sad, his fingers linked together as he leaned forward staring at the wall.
He never told me what happened, just that she didn't want us anymore and she left. I never thought to press my father for details. I mean, if a woman doesn't want to be with her child why would I bother to chase her?
"Well, he was the only one I had, and he never ever hurt me. I feel, ashamed to love a man who did that to all of those people? And as much as I love him, a part of me hates him too. I hate him for what he put me through. I hate him for what he did to those people. I hate him for making my life now so that when I go out people stare, point, whisper. Everyone knows who I am. No matter where I go. I hate him for that. But I love him too." My eyes begin to well up as emotion overcomes me. How could he do this? Now I must have weekly therapy sessions because my doctor ordered me to when I began to have nightmares of it all. Began hallucinating and having panic attacks as I wasn't sure what was real and what wasn't. 
I guess you wonder what my father could have done that was so awful? 
Well, then I guess you should know, I am the daughter of a serial killer.











Chapter 2

How did I not know you might ask? Well, not that easy to know something that is so well hidden. So carefully planned out that for years it went undetected. 
I never once heard those people scream, I never once saw my father burying bodies in our garden or even offloading them from any vehicle. 
I wasn't sheltered, I wasn't hidden away in some closet whilst my father carried out his evil deeds. I was in the house playing, like a normal child.
My father would play dolls with me and have pretend tea parties and encourage me to practice my ballet around the living room. He was wonderful. But never once did I see something I should not have seen or heard something that made me fear for my life.
"There is a fine line between love and hate Rayne, I think your issue is mostly you feel you should have done something, but you need to realise there was nothing you could have done. Why don't you get away for a while? Our next session is two weeks away due to me travelling, why don't you go. See what happens. You have made some good progress today; this is the most you have spoken."
I manage a simple smile, "well, maybe the sleep did me some good I guess."
"Well didn't you say your boyfriend helped you?"
"Josh? Yes, he does. Whenever he's there I feel safe, protected. I guess I am waiting for the day he leaves me."
"Rayne, he knows everything that happened, we have discussed this before, he was with you all the way through, do you think if he was going to leave, he would have done so by now?"
I have thought of that, over and over in my head. Why does he stay? "Possibly, I guess we will see."
As I turn to leave, as she always does, she puts her arm around me walking me to the door. May seem weird for a therapist to be so caring however, to me, she is like the grandmother I never had, and I suppose, I like how she does that. 
Sneaking around the back of the office to the hidden car park, I try to avoid the hounds of media that await me outside. Like I said, they follow me everywhere. I mean, for fuck sake, they are like leaches, bloodsucking monsters our to get everything they can just for a story.
Yes, it is there job, but I am sure there are other poor souls they can latch onto and drain them instead. I've had enough.
Maybe my therapist is right. Maybe I should get away from here, if only for a little while.
I'm sure Josh wouldn't mind, the poor sod works his ass off, and I am thinking he could most definitely do with a holiday or just some time away.

As I pull up into the driveway, I notice the wind blowing through the tall trees. Its peaceful, calm. No-one around for miles. I used to come to this house as a child. It was our secret hideaway. 
We'd spend Christmas's here, filling the outside with a mountain of fairy lights. The trees decorated with glitter, so they shimmered under the moonlit sky. It was magical.
I see Josh staring at me out of window, gesturing me to come inside.
He embraces me tightly as I walk through the door. His crystal blue eyes sparkling as they look into mine, "I missed you," he whispers ever so softly in my ear.
"I missed you too."
His lips brush against mine as he kisses me tenderly. His kiss fills me with ecstasy and my knees weaken at his soft touch. I kiss him back, my tongue filling his mouth with deep passion. His tongue pushes back against mine with a sweet moan, it draws me in, my moan matches his as he pulls me closer.
"You're so beautiful," his whispers into my mouth. Lifting me onto his waist I feel his hardness against me. Wrapping my legs around him he carries me upstairs into the bedroom and slowly lays me down on the bed.
My hands feel his naked body and I can't help but bite my lip in pleasure.
He teases my nipples through my blouse as he lifts it off. My nipples harden over his lips and my body shivers with anticipation. My moans beg him to touch me, my body screams for him to take me. 
He pulls my bottoms down kissing across my hips and I throb wanting him to do more. 
He slowly moves, caressing my body as he makes his way to my lips. Fuck! He drives me crazy!
He rubs against me and looks deep into my eyes, "you're wet". His groan intensifies as he rubs harder against my wetness. 
"What do you want baby," he whispers ever so seductively in my ear.
"I want you," I beg breathlessly.
He pushes deep inside me taking my breath away, rocking his hips slowly, staying deep inside me. His hands link with mine as our bodies engulf in passion that's so strong our deep sexual moans intensify. 
I feel him swell more and more inside me. I pull my hands from his and run my nails down his back, digging deep into his skin.
His body trembles as thrusts harder and faster "your pussy is mine," he groans deep.
"Fuck baby it's yours" I moan as I lose control. My juices flowing over him like a river of escaped pleasure.
He thrusts harder, more excitedly as I feel him begin to lose control. With one hard thrust, he explodes deep inside me, so much I feel it filling me as his groan deepens with the release of his pleasure.
I hold him close to me tight in my arms as his body trembles. He kisses me softly trying to control his racing heart.
"You drive me crazy," he trembles in a whisper.
Smiling back, trying to calm my also racing heart, "I'm supposed to, as much as you drive me wild."
No matter how sad I feel or what has happened, this loving man can always make me feel better. Even with just something as simple as his beautiful smile.
His face draws me in like a drug I cannot live without. No matter what he pulls me towards him, and I can do nothing but cave in and give into this beautiful man. With his prickly beard and his soft golden hair - I know that this is the man for me.
















Chapter 3

The night brings an eerie chill I haven't felt in a while. Even with the two blankets covering me I don't feel as warm as I normally would be
Josh is sleeping so deeply but I can't seem to drift off. My mind races with the thoughts of my actions that led to that day, that awful day where all those bodies were found.
I know I shouldn't think of it, I keep being told it isn't my fault all those people were murdered and chopped to pieces.
Yes, it was me who brought all the horror to light. That's why I think it's my fault. My daddy would be here if it wasn't for me, but, then again, he would have gone onto murder more people.
Would he have ever stopped? Or not? I don't know, I will never know, and I don't want to know what he would or wouldn't have done.
You see, my father was away, as he did so often. Always told me he went to some work convention. Never crossed my mind to ask why he was going or what he was doing. We had a wonderfully large house and a second just as grand beautiful house that I now call home. 
We had a fantastic lifestyle, so I always assumed Daddy had a really good job.
Even now when I lie here thinking about it, I never once went to his place of work. But again, it never crossed my mind to ask.
I look over at Josh sleeping so soundly, so peacefully and I wish I could fall asleep as easily as he.
Stroking his prickly beard across the warmth of his cheeks, my mind drifts from the horrors of my father to the moment he came into my life. 
It was strange, he came into my life out of nowhere. Like a dream I once had about Mr Perfect and the man I thought about spending my life with. Then one day, there he was, delivering a package to my door.
He walked with such confidence to my door, as if he knew who he was going to see before he had even laid eyes on me. I could have sworn he was walking up the pathway in movie slow motion. I was engrossed by his walk, his look, his wide manly shoulders that looked like he could safely lift you without a sweat.
As I opened the door to greet this strange intoxicating man, his beauty immediately took my breath away. Standing there six two or more, his eyes a shimmering colour of blue like the sky on a warm summer day and his smile that immediately made me go weak at the knees.
I smile at the thought of that day; he hasn't left me since. Always been the rock I needed in my life.
"Miss Dankworth?" His voice murmured.
"Yes, that's me."
This beautiful man hands me a package, "I have a package for you, can you sign here please."
Confused I look at the carefully decorated gift box with my name attached "Umm, I didn't order anything but okay."
I sign for the package and open it straight away, eager to see what's inside. 
A beautiful sparking diamond bracelet glistens in the sunshine. It's stunningly beautiful. A little note inside reads 'my beautiful daughter, these diamonds are as beautiful as you. I will be home soon, all my love, D'.
A smile lights up my face, the cute delivery man hasn't left and notices my gleaming happiness "someone clearly loves you to buy you something so extravagant."
I look up and my eyes catch his gaze, glaring at me, "Umm, yes, my father, he's away on business."
He smiles softly and it lights up his lights like sparkling stars, as he goes to leave, I feel myself not wanting him to go, "would you like coffee" I blurt out.
Oh god! Why did I just ask a strange man into my house for coffee? I must be insane. He smiles again and agrees.
From that moment I was hooked. Here he lies now beside me, sleeping peacefully. I couldn't imagine my life without him. 
I close my eyes and snuggle close into him. Feeling the warmth of his soft skin against mine. I finally manage to feel sleepy and as my mind still races, I'm too tired to think anymore. Sleep Rayne just sleep.

I wake up with an unnerving feeling that someone is watching me. It's still dark, very dark. I look over and Josh is still sleeping. 
I feel an unnerving sense again that someone is watching me. I look around the dark room, my eyes slightly blurry from just waking. 
I see nothing, just the wind blowing through the trees that shadows reflect on the walls via the moonlight.
Climbing out of the bed, the soft carpet brushes against my feet. I look over and see Josh still sleeping, hasn't noticed that I have moved away from him. He always sleeps so deeply. 
Looking out of the window I still get the sense someone is watching me. Why do I feel like this? After all this time, am I going crazy?
Wouldn't surprise me if I was. I saw some awful things the day my garden was dug up. And what's worse, there wasn't a body that was whole. 
There were just pieces of a body here and there. As they pulled up the body parts, they laid them out trying to identify if it was female or male, which body part it was as some were so badly cut up it was difficult to tell.
I remember staring out of my bedroom window thinking I must have been in a dream. Some of them were so decomposed they had been there for years. Years! I had lived there my whole life, I thought maybe it was possible they were there before, that they had the wrong man.
But he never once denied it, he never said anything. At the trial he pled not guilty. Not fucking guilty! I couldn't believe my ears. 
Doubt plagued my mind like a bad dream, I wanted to believe my father wasn't capable of such horror, but he was. Deep down, I knew, I knew he was.
My Daddy, the man who protected me, who treated me like a princess, was a serial killer. They found over forty pieces belonging to different people. Forty people's dead bits buried in my back garden like some sort of personal cemetery.
I have nightmares about those people climbing out of their graves to come get me. People burning my house down screaming that I am a monster too.
"Baby, come back to bed."
I turn and see Josh's sleepy eyes looking at me, gesturing me to climb in beside him. 
Smiling I slide back into bed, and in his arms, I slowly but surely, drift into darkness of sleep.











Chapter 4

The week drags on the same. I feel like I am living in limbo. Hiding from the outside world to avoid the stares and whispers of judgemental people who only assume they know everything and seem to assume they know me.
Stretching out, my mind is suddenly at ease. Not a thought racing around in there as there is every single morning. I feel a sense of comfort in that.
I roll over to feel the bed, normally, Josh is there, sleeping. I always wake first but today, it's empty. It's cold.
Following the sound of a whisper, I hear him in the bathroom. Why is he whispering? Come to think about it, I've never ever heard him speak to anyone on the phone.
No-one ever calls for him, he gets no mail, no visitors, nothing. I've never met his family or his friends. Weird how thoughts spring to mind sometimes.
He has been living with me for the last 6 months and I never once been to stay at his. I would have thought that by now he would have something here, guests, friends, post? But nothing ever comes here.
Edging closer to the door I hear his annoyed angry voice, like he wants to shout but he manages to keep it in a whisper.
"I told you not to call me during the day."
There's a long pause, I cannot hear the other person but peering through the gap I see the anger written all over his face.
"No, I told you I'm not going to be part of this anymore. Things change. No."
He paces back and forth and keeps arguing with whomever he is talking to, what the hell is going on? Part of what?
"Fine, I will see you, but this will be the last time I tell you, once this is done, I'm out and I'm out for good." He slams the phone down.
Quickly dashing back to the bed, I jump under the covers and try to slow my breathing, so it looks like I haven't moved.
Josh slowly comes out of the bathroom, looking all edgy and agitated
"Baby, you okay" I ask playing dumb.
"Uh yeah, I'm fine. I must go out today. Just family stuff I thought was over but it's not. I won't be long though, just need to tie up some loose ends and then I will be home."
"Loose ends? You've never mentioned your family before now, in the last year you haven't spoken of them once."
His body stiffens, "uh, well, yeah, we don't really get on, I haven't seen them for a while but there is just one thing I need to do and then, well, I hope, will be rid of them for good," he leans over and kisses me softly, "it's nothing to worry about baby" he smiles, "it'll be done and dusted and I will never have to see them again."
Having been kept in the dark about who my father truly was, I never thought Josh would keep me in the dark. But something deep inside me tells me he is hiding something from me.
Is he having an affair? Does he have a secret family? Or am I reading too much into it and he really does have issues with his family?
He catches my gaze, his eyes change, "baby, don't worry," he assures me softly as he walks over and strokes my face, "everything will be fine." He kisses me softly and leaves.
I've never seen him look so worried, so on edge. My curiosity gets the better of me and I must know, I must follow him. Quickly chucking on some clothes I sneak out of the house and wait for him to drive off.
Slowly and sneakily I trail behind him. He drives carefully, not rushing, not speeding, like he is in no hurry to go wherever it is he needs to be.
Following down the quiet roads, I follow him to a nearby house. A house I've never seen. A man stands on the porch, dark glasses cover his eyes and he stands there firm, as if watching out for danger.
The large house is brightly white, appearing newly painted. Tall pillars form around the entrance and beautiful flowers surround the large front garden. Whoever lives here clearly has some money.
I watch as Josh approaches the house and stands in front of the man guarding it with his life. They exchange some words and share a cautious but annoyed stare at one another.
Is this his family? Are they wealthy? Is he related to someone or importance?
The stiff guarded man gives him a gentle nod and Josh walks into the house.
I want to go and see; I want to know who's in there, but that tall man is scary. I feel if I approach him, he will attack me.
I stare and stare waiting, hoping to see something that will make all of this make sense. But I see nothing.
The windows are covered in blackness, as if the curtains are drawn, cameras rotate on the roof keeping a watchful eye on the outside just as the man stands guard at the door.
I must be crazy. I'm following a man who has been nothing but amazing to me these last few months. How can I doubt him? He has never given me a reason to think anything other than he is totally devoted to me.
"Having a nice day ma'am?"
I look and see a man stood next to my window, fuck! Have I been rumbled? "Um, just, waiting, you know, for a friend?"
"Friends don't hide in cars ducking down trying not to be seen Ma'am" he covers his face, so I am unable to see who I'm talking to. His dark long coat covers his body and he stands firmly with his hands closed together in front of him.
Sitting up trying to gain some composure, not looking like a crazy stalker, "Like, I said, just waiting for a friend." I look over at the house wondering if the guard has now seen. This man stood by my car is clearly going to draw attention to me.
"Really Miss Dankworth, do all friends hide out of site whilst they wait for someone? Or is it just you?" His grey eyes stare me down in the car, but his face remains obscured by some sort of scarf.
"How the, who?"
"Who am I?" his eyes smirk as if he is smiling but I cannot see.
"Who I am is of great importance to you." He looks up at the house casually, not fearing being seen by the butch manly guard. "Waiting for Joshua I see. He isn't who you think he is, Rayne, you need to come with me." He walks around and sits in the car beside me.
I hesitate for a moment, but curiosity takes over, how does he know me, my father, or Josh?
"Drive," he orders, and without question, I comply.









Chapter 5

I drive focusing straight ahead. I don't want to look at this strange man who sits beside me. I'm scared, my stomach has a million butterflies flapping around that I feel sick.
I follow the directions he gives me which leads me to an old, abandoned warehouse in the middle of nowhere.
What kind of idiot allows a strange man to get into her car and just go wherever he says?
All those videos we watch, all those talks you know, 'don't talk to stranger' speeches and yet, here I am, with a man I have never met, in a car, in the middle of nowhere, completely at his mercy. Because if he acts, I'm fucked.
"Pull in here" he orders.
I drive behind the warehouse into a secluded car park. It would appear no-one has been here for years.
Turning the car off I sit still, stiff, frozen, unable to move. Looking over, I watch as he slowly removes his face coverings. I half expected to see a monster, a man all burnt, like Freddie Kruger, something horrifying but he's handsome.
His dark hair sits effortlessly styled on his head; it falls neatly into a combover. His soft brown eyes have hints of hazel and his neatly shaven face shows his strong manly jawline. 
He neatly folds his hands in his lap and stares out into the cloudy sky. Afternoon is upon us already; we seem to have been driving for hours.
As I stare at the man beside me, I realise, I've seen him before. "I know you," I whisper.
He looks at me, his eyes staring straight into mine without a hint of emotion on his face, "I would think so, I have been around since your father brought you home. I've been there watching since he was caught and I have been there watching you, every day since."
Oh fuck, "you, you're the man that's been stood outside my window of my house?"
"Yes, however, I have been there recently, and you seem to have gone."
"I moved into another house, because of you! A strange man stood outside my fucking window night after night, my father a convicted dead serial killer and you, do you blame me for being freaked out? So, what now, you going to hurt me? Kill me?"
His head slowly turns towards me, "if I had wanted to hurt you, I have had many the opportunities to do so," his sweet lip curls up into a smile, "and trust me, I'm not here to hurt you. I'm here, to watch out for you."
I watch this man, trying to get some sort of vibe, trying to figure out if he is telling me the truth. Leaning back against the door, I keep my arm stretched out near the lock ready to make an escape.
"If you want to pull the handle, be my guest. I'm not going to stop you." He smirks.
I look and realise my arm had been slowly reaching for the latch. I pull it back and realise in the time we have spent in this car he could have hurt me. In the times he spent stalking me outside my house, he could have come in any time when I was alone and hurt me.
Suddenly, a feeling in my gut tells me to trust this man, "so, who are you."
"My name is Alvardo, I was a friend of your fathers. His wish, should he ever be found, was that I protect you from harm."
I watch him as he shifts his body in the car to face me. Why do I have no memories of this man, he said he has known me since I was a child, but I do not recall ever seeing him until he begun stalking me.
"Why would I need protection?" fear fills me as I speak, my voice is shaky, "does someone want to hurt me?"
"Not someone," he looks, "some people."
Holy fuck! People? Plural? "I don't understand, why, why would anyone, people, fuck whoever," my arms flap about as I panic trying to grasp the situation, "what the fuck did I do, is it because of what my father did to those people? Is there some sort of hit list for me? Did he know? Did he know something bad could happen to me?"
"Calm down," he reaches over and touches my shaking hands, his skin is soft, his touch is gentle, "there are things about your father you do not know, things that when I tell you, will make your nightmares seem like neverland dreams. I am here because I made a promise and I never break a promise, especially to your father."
I try and stop my racing heart in sheer panic, my breath draws fast and shallow, what fucking more could be worse than what I already know? 
I saw dead bodies chopped up in my garden, discarded like rubbish. Not one whole human being was found in one piece, and not a whole body found either.
What can be sicker and viler than what I have already seen. Body parts never found, half a person here, a part of a person there. The details of how my father killed them, chopped them up and buried them, and there is this man telling me it gets fucking worse?
Words fail to come out of my mouth, all I can do is sit here and breathe like my life depends on it. 
I watch as he gets out of the car, fuck, what's happening, I can't breathe. He opens my door and I fall backwards into his arms. Gently placing me between his legs, he wraps his arms around me and rocks me side to side.
His arms hold me tight and close and slowly, I begin to calm down, my breathing starts to normalise. 
"Thank you," I murmur.
He releases his grip and moves sitting in front of me. His gentle eyes show a caring side I wouldn't expect to see when his body language is so stiff and rigid. He just held me in his arms to calm my panic attack but looking at him, he doesn't seem to show that it was because he cared, or because he wanted to soothe me. 
"My job is to keep you alive, couldn't very well have you having a heart attack now could I."
I shake my head and stare into him, "what is it that I do not know?"
"Joshua."
"What about him."
He looks into my eyes without blinking, "he is one of them."
My mind races with a million thoughts but I look back at him confused. "One of who?"
"He belongs to a long line of serial killers, just like you father. Joshua is a serial killer too."

















Chapter 6

My heart sinks into my stomach and I want to be sick. My Joshua, a serial killer? The man who has made love to me so tenderly, so softly. The man whose eyes sparkle like a midnight dream is a murderer. "I don't believe you," I snap.
He sighs heavily, "I thought you might say as much, I mean, why would you believe me, he's been wonderful to you, hasn't he."
I gulp nervously, how does he know how he's been? Has he been watching me that long? "You've been stalking me, you can tell how he's been, you're lying."
"What could I gain from lying?"
I look back at him and stand to walk away; annoyed and angry he would dare say my Joshua is a serial killer. He is the gentlest man I have ever met. He has never once hurt me, and he has had more than ample opportunities to do so.
He stands to face me, he's taller than I thought. He towers over me and looks down, "tell me Rayne, what would I gain from lying to you?"
I want to back away but my feet don't seem to obey what my brain tells them, "I don't know," my voice barely audible, "but I don't understand, if he was so bad, why hasn't he hurt me?"
"Your dad was a serial killer who chopped up men and women and buried them in the back garden, did he ever hurt you?"
His question raises even more concern. I cannot deny his reasoning. My father treated me like a princess. I was his one and only, his precious daughter, he never once laid a hand on me. Never once punished me. He was, to me, perfect.
"Do you not ever wonder why you've never met his family, never seen a friend, never a colleague? I bet you couldn't tell me where he works."
My body freezes and words fail me as I realise everything, he is saying is true.
"You think you know him because he has been so wonderful to you, doesn't it ever cross your mind why your father hated him? Doesn't it ever cross your mind how your father died?"
"He hung himself in his cell, I know that."
"Do you," his eyes narrow, "and who was it that told you.
I feel the blood run from my face as I remember it was Josh who told me. I was out, I came home, and he was sat so calmly on the sofa. I was a mess; the trial had not long ended, and I was waiting for my father's sentencing. I knew he was never coming home, and I was still trying to get to grips with everything that had happened.
He looked at me, he had no emotion and yet, he looked worried, for me. He told me so calmly the police had called him and told him my father had hung himself in his cell.
I broke down, I fell to my knees. My daddy, dead. I was heartbroken. Josh swooped me into his arms and carried me to bed where he held me as floods of tears ran down my cheeks.
I was so conflicted. I was broken I had lost my father but then I didn't know if I should be broken for a murderer.
Josh held me close in his arms and told me it was ok to grieve. He was amazing. Loving, just what I needed. That night, we made love repeatedly. Enough was never enough and he was attentive to my requests and needs.
"It can't be true," I sob, "why, why would he be with me if he a murderer. Why?"
"He was paid to."
Paid? Paid to love me? What the fuck? I look at Alvardo as he becomes a blur and then, its dark and I can no longer feel my feet. 

I wake up. My vision still a blur as I look around a lightly lit pink room. As the surroundings come into focus, I see a large chandelier hanging down on the high ceilings. The skylight allows the moonlight to shine in softly creating a glitter like appearance on the wallpaper as it reflects on the chandelier. The walls colour in a soft pink and the bed has curtains draped delicately around it.
Where am I? This isn't my house, nor is it my father's house of hell?
In the shadows I see a figure. As I focus more, I see its Alvardo, "What is this?"
"This is your room, your father and I decorated it when you were little, just in case you would need to be hidden," he walks slowly over to the bed, pulling the curtain back. He stands before me topless with his bottoms hanging nicely on his hips.
My eyes look him up and down as I realise how beautiful this man is. His body is chizzled and structured into the perfect six pack, his pecks look strong, manly, and firm. His muscles in his arms are tight. 
"As you grew older, we never changed it. To be honest with you. As time went on, I never thought we would ever be using it, I guess I was wrong. How are you feeling?"
Is that concern I hear in his voice, "I'm okay, I think, was, you know, a lot to take in I guess."
He sits next to me, the smell of him is intoxicating. His eyes narrow as he seems to look me over but then they come back to meet mine, "if that makes you pass out for several hours, I'm scared at what's going to happen when I reveal the truth."
"The truth," I murmur.
"The truth, about who Joshua is, who your father was, who you are."
"Tell me, I need to know, I don't think I can wait. However bad it is, you must tell me." I dread the thought of what he is going to tell me, but I must know. I need to know.
"Your father, and Joshua, belong to a society. A family if you will, a special type of family. They call themselves The Elect."
I stare intensively at him, "elect? Are they some sort of special family or something?"
He laughs, "special, that would be a word, I guess. But no, they believe they are superior to all human race and they follow a strict, well, diet, and have done so for generations. As part of their religion, to their God, they are required to consume, certain food. As part of the sacrifice, the riches they have, the huge houses, the successful businesses, they?."
"They what?" I snap.
"They eat humans. They are cannibals Rayne. Your father, Joshua, their families."
"How do you know all of this," the sound barely comes out of my mouth.
He looks at me and for the first time I see some sort of sadness in his eyes, he edges closer and his eyes pierce mine, "because I used to be one of them."









Chapter 7

Terrified and shaken, I throw my self-off the bed away from the serial killer cannibal, "what the fuck? You, you're a murderer, you fucking eat people?" I scramble to get to my feet, but my legs get tangled in the bed sheets I have pulled off the bed in a hurry.
"Rayne please,"
"Stay away," I scream, "you brought me here to what eat me?" I scream and bang on the door, trying to make as much noise as I can but it does nothing.
Grabbing my hands, he flips me around to face him and pins my hands above my head, I struggle but he's too strong. He looks at me "I would never hurt you, I used to be one Rayne. Understand me, I'm not anymore. I broke free with the help of your father. That's why he trusted me to look after you, that's why I am trying to keep you safe." Seeing the fear in my eyes he releases me.
My arms fall as if loose from my body, "why, why me? Why is this happening to me?"
Before he can answer I hear a familiar sound, a song. It's my phone. As I look over, I see Joshua calling me, "I can't answer that."
"You must," he looks, "you must not give away that you know anything. If you do, it could put your life in danger. Up until now he has been decent with you, tender, caring, as a boyfriend should. If you don't speak to him, he is going to know something is up, after-all, he was paid to be with you remember. He knows you love him, if something suddenly changes it will raise his suspicions."
Love me? Does he love me? Or is he pretending? I don't know. The phone rings again and with shaking hands, I answer, "baby," my voice trembles.
"Fuck baby there you are," he sounds worried, "I've been trying to get hold of you for ages, where the hell are you?"
Normally, I'd leave a note any time I left the house so he would always know where to find me. But being how this morning started I didn't, and I planned to be home before he even knew I was out, "Oh, I went to the old house, just, you know, went through some things to see what I can get rid of and what I wanted to keep and then went for a drive, thinking about selling." I try to stay calm. Alvardo holds my hand and places it on his chest. I feel his heartbeat beating calmly. He says nothing but his eyes tell me to remain calm. "I'm just having a coffee, then I'll be back, sorry I didn't text you. I've been in my own world today."
Josh is silent, I hear his breathing, has he caught on? "Okay my baby, I was worried is all."
I breathe a sigh of relief under my breath, "I know my baby, I'm heading back now okay?"
"Okay, I love you."
"I?" Alvardo grips my hand under his, urging me to continue and act normal, "I love you too," I whisper.
I can't go back to my house and act as if everything is okay. Joshua is a psycho people eating serial killer who has chopped up bits for fucking breakfast, like a fucking exquisite cuisine. This is so messed up.
I gather up my stuff and make myself look presentable. I've got dirt all over my clothes, my makeup has run, and my hair is a mess. 
"There is so much more I need to tell you Rayne, but for now, go home and act normal." He orders.
More? There's fucking more to this sick twisted shit? Humans who worship some God and eat humans isn't enough?
"How can I act normal around a man you've told me he's a?. he's, well, he's a killer is what he is, and you want me to go back there and act fucking normal?"
"You have to, please." His soft eyes sink into my mine with such sorrow. 
Is he worried for me? Earlier he looked like he didn't care and now he looks like he could break if something happened to me? 
"You're paid to care, you're paid just like he is, paid to look after me. So, whatever happens what the fuck does it matter. You're making me go back, you are. I don't want to; I don't want to be part of any of this. I should run away and hide. Hide away," I scream, "tell me what fucking difference it makes if he knows or not! If he plans to kill me anyway."
"Because I do care Rayne," he snaps back at me, "I'm not fucking paid to look after you, it's a promise, a promise I made to your father. I do care about you. I care more than I fucking should. I've known you since you were little, since your father brought you home. I've watched you grow into this beautiful young woman who has been bewitched by a monster and I know what monsters are Rayne. I grew up with them my whole life. Because of your father I am free. They don't know I exist."
His face flushes red with anger but his eyes swell with tears that dare fall onto his face. He punches the wall in frustration and walks away from me. 
He sits on the bed looking distraught, there's a pain in his eyes but I cannot quite figure out why. Was he that close to my father he misses him as much as I do?
"Look, I don't know what went on with you and my father, I don't really know you, you said yourself you used to be one but surely not going back is safer than going into a house with a serial killer?"
"Nothing will happen to you; I will be outside. I won't leave you alone."
"Really," I say with sarcasm, "you, my saviour who was so concerned with my 'safety' that you haven't bothered to come to the house and protect me."
He jumps up and looks at me, "I didn't know where the other house was, I thought that's where you would be but I had only been there once and I could not, for the life of me, remember where it was."
I look at him, his eyes almost black, his face saddened. I want to comfort him; I see how pained he looks but how can I comfort someone who may be sending me to my death? So, what if he's outside, Josh will never know that and doesn't mean Alvardo can get to me, if, god forbid, something did happen. I grab my stuff to leave.
He grabs his keys and motorbike helmet and looks at me, "I will follow you; I will stay back. Just act normal. Please."
I look and say nothing, I walk out, angry that I must put myself in harm's way and drive off.



 















Chapter 8

"Joshua?" I call out as I slowly edge inside the front door, "are you here?" The house is silent, too silent. It's not normal. Normally he would have the TV on, being as we live out in the country with no neighbours to annoy, the TV and football is normally quite loud. But this night, nothing.
I close the door making sure I look outside to see Alvardo. There in the distance, sat on his bike, I see him watching me. He moves out of way of view and I close the door.
My nerves are on edge, I walk through the house slowly, trying to focus on any small sound of someone in the house. As I come around to the kitchen, I see Josh stood by the sink, doing dishes with his headphones in. 
A smile goes from ear to ear as he sees me, "hey baby didn't hear you come in," he moves closer and swoops me into his arms as he always has done.
I don't want to hug him; I want to burst into tears. My love for this man still courses through my veins like a drug I need. A drug I cannot live without and yet, in my mind, I know he's a serial killer. A monster, a cannibal.
I wrap my arms around his shoulders, holding him as best I can without giving anything away. 
Burying his head in my neck he pulls me closer, kissing my neck gently. My knees tremble and my breathing becomes a pleasurable moan. He knows how to hit those spots. He knows me. Can this man really be who Alvardo says he is? Could he be mistaken?
Lifting me up to his waist, he pushes me against the wall, kissing my lips hungrily. I don't want him to do this, but I cannot seem to stop myself. I feel him growing between my legs and my wetness drip into my panties.
I moan deeper into his mouth as he strongly holds me against the wall. His hand moves down onto my bum as he pushes into my bottoms and rips them. I am at his mercy. His sexual desire for me pulls me in and I lose control.
With my ripped trousers hanging off me, I feel his fingers slide inside. With erotic desire, he pushes them deep, feeling my wetness drip over him, spurring him on more and more. His groan intensifies as does my moan, feeling a rush of pleasure through my body.
I can't take it any longer, "fuck me," I whisper seductively in his ear.
He pulls his fingers out and thrusts inside me hard. Harder than he ever has. His sexual aggression pours into me like wildfire, its rough, it's hard, but I like it.
My moans become a passionate scream as he fulfils my carnal desire. He pounds me hard and fast, his body roaring for more, wanting to get deeper inside me.
My body slams against the wall and I hold onto him, my nails digging into his back cutting his skin. Fuck!
I feel his body shake and him swell to ultimate thickness inside me, my body gives into him as I drip all my juices over him. He gives a hard thrust and let's go deep inside me, several more thrusts and he fills me more. Filling me with his erotic explosion.
Kissing me softly, he lowers me to the floor. My legs shaking from my screaming, passionate orgasm. I look at him and I see the love he has for me in his eyes and then suddenly, my mind switches, is this real? Or is this how he will control me?
"Go shower baby," he whispers, "I will make some food for us, chicken and chips okay?"
I smile and nod, "Um, I'll have a shower in a moment," I kiss him softly and look into his eyes, "where did you go this morning?"
Is he going to tell me the truth? He looks back at me and smiles, the smile that tells you he's hiding something, "just to see family, it's all sorted now. You don't need to worry."
My body fills with dread, not to worry? Have they planned when they will hurt me? 
I force a smile and try to walk without falling to the floor in fear. The sudden sexual passion I felt has turned to sickness and terror. What awaits me?
In my bedroom sits Alvardo, quietly on the chair, his leg crossed like he is waiting for a business meeting. 
"Holy fuck," I whisper annoyed, "what are you doing?" I shut the door quickly checking Joshua is not coming up the stairs behind me, "what if he had walked in here before me? What would you have done?"
He looks angrily at me as he twirls a ring on his finger, "you, you let him fuck you?"
I look over, suddenly feeling ashamed of having sex, of having very good hard, rough passionate sex. "You told me to act normal, well, sex is fucking acting normal."
"Oh really," he stands, "and I suppose your screaming pleasure was normal too," he towers over me edging closer.
Is he jealous? He sent me here, he told me to 'be normal' in case Josh figured something out and now he sits there berating me for being something he fucking told me to do?
He moves closer and closer pushing me backwards into the en-suite. His eyes look serious, and he smells of whiskey.
"Have you been drinking?" I gasp.
"Yes, I carry one with me. When I have to sit outside for some time it can get chilly, whiskey helps with the warmth," he closes the bathroom door and looks at me.
"What are you doing, Josh could come up here at any moment."
He gives me a devilish smirk, "I doubt that, you see, when he was fucking you and I was making my way into your house to protect you, I slipped something in his drink. A drink I saw him have when you went and had a little chat after in the kitchen. So, any minute now he will be asleep, unconscious on the kitchen floor like a drunk fool and he will probably be there for a few hours."
Joshua always drinks something after sex, so he's probably drank whatever it was in that drink, and all of it. For a moment I worry if he is okay, I think back to talks with my therapist, am I crazy, for loving someone like him? My heart beats faster as he edges closer to me. "Right, okay, well, if you're safe in here why are we hiding in the bathroom?" My mouths dry and I move further and further back until I can go back no-more.
He comes closer leaning his hand on the wall and looking into my eyes, "because I want you here, I don't want you anywhere near him like that."
"What does it matter to you?"
"Because I want you."



















Chapter 9

The night brings an eerie chill as the wind howls passed the windows. I can't seem to nod off, but Joshua is sound asleep beside me and I know Alvardo is in the house somewhere. Keeping a careful watch on me. I watch as the trees blow, and their reflection is cast on the white walls which look grey in the night.
Looking over at Joshua, sleeping so peacefully, my heart fills with dread. I love this man, I love him unconditionally, but then I know, I know he's a monster.
I stroke his gentle face and kiss him softly on his sweet lips. He stirs but doesn't wake.
How can a man so loving be such a monster? Never has he hurt me or even tried to hurt me. Is what Alvardo said true? Or is he part of something, trying to make me doubt the man I love.
A bright light flashes in the room. Oh, Josh's phone is going off. I know it would be bad to look but I can't help myself. I want to know if this is all true, it could be nothing. Could be a friend, right? 
Looking at his phone a missed call shows, it has no name, just the number. Damn it. I was hoping to see a name or some sort of clue. To see something that would make sense. Sense of all this bullshit.
Lying in the bed, I allow my thoughts to torture my own mind. Wondering how this can all be true. A society of people who murder and eat humans for their own gain, believing it makes them better. Am I still in a nightmare? Is all this just a vision that isn't true, like some TV show I can't escape from.
I pinch myself hard. So hard I bleed. I feel the pain, but nothing changes. This isn't a dream. This is a real-life nightmare.
I look over again at Joshua, he moves closer to me, his arm wrapping around me like twine. 
I lie to face him, wrapping my legs over his waist. I love how he feels next to me. Again, my thoughts drift to who he is, who I'm told he is. Kissing his head softly, he moans in his sleep. This is the man I love. This is the man I planned to spend my life with.
My bedroom door swings open with such force it hits the wall. Jolting up in fear I see Alvardo stood in the doorway. The bang wakes Josh who looks at him before lunging at him. As the fight ensues, I try to stop it but both men are in their vicious bubble of violence. Throwing each other around, items from the dresser fall and smash onto the floor, the makeup on the vanity table is knocked off, spread over the carpet. My bedroom now looks like I've been burgled, broken pieces and items all over the floor.
I scream but it does nothing to stop them. I try to pull them apart, but they just push me out of the way. 
"Run Rayne, get out now. They're coming for you," Alvardo screams at me.
Josh shoots a look at me mid fist fight and the look in his eyes of terror. I look back at him slowly walking towards the door, I want to run but my feet won't move. His eyes are locked on mine as his hands grip Alvardo's throat and in that moment, he knows I know what he is.
He suddenly he realises I'm terrified of him. My eyes well up but I cannot run, I love him. My god I am crazy.
"Rayne," he pleads, "it isn't, I'm not, please, I love you."
I grab his baseball bat and swing it at him as he comes closer to me, "stay away, stay away from me," I scream in tears.
"Please," he begs, his voice seemingly so sincere, "please, I don't want to hurt you. I love you."
"Love me! You're a fucking killer. You lied to me. You tricked me."
He punches Alvardo in the face which sends him flying, he falls hitting his head on the way. His body is limp, lying there. Oh god. Has Josh killed him?
"Please, please believe me, I love you. I do," his eyes fill with tears as he reaches out to me, his arms look so inviting but I back further away.
"Stop saying, that, stop it. You don't fucking love me. I know, I know you were paid to be with me, I know everything."
"Okay yes," he admits with a lump in his throat, "my family paid me to be with you. You don't understand, I grew up in a place where love doesn't exist. Only lust and desire. When I met you, I was just playing a role, but then, then I fell in love with you. I was supposed to kill you, but I couldn't. You became part of me, that's why you're still here. I love you; I've left my family to be with you."
Tears fall down my face - I keep the bat out, keeping him a distance from me. How can I believe him? I swing the bat at him again and again. Finally, he lunges at me, squeezing me so hard in his arms the bat falls to the floor.
I kick and wriggle as much I can forcing him to let go. Just as he tries to grab me again, I grab something and smash it over his head. In a second, he falls to the floor and doesn't move.
My heart is racing. What the fuck have I done? Blood drips from his head, he lies there, still. Oh god, have I killed him? Please, please god no!
I run over to check on Alvardo. His eyes open slowly, and those sweet warming eyes look into mine, "are you okay?"
"Rayne," he mumbles barely awake, "you have to run, they're coming."
"Who, who are coming?"
"Them, they are coming for you."
I try to lift him from the floor, but he is too heavy. Blood drips down his face, his eyes bruised.
"Leave me here," he mumbles, "you have to go. Don't worry about me."
How can I leave the man who so eagerly jumped to save my life? To warn me of the danger. Now I know, I know he was telling the truth. 
Alvardo drifts in and out of consciousness and no matter how hard I try I cannot seem to lift him fully to his feet. 
He opens his eyes again and looks at me with worry and love, "Please Rayne, run, go to the safe place and stay there you hear me."
Pulling myself together I scramble to my feet and chuck on any pair of bottoms and clothes I can find. 
"Rayne wait," my ankle is grabbed, and I fall to the floor. I look to see Josh gripping hold of me, "please, please don't leave me," he begs.
Kicking as hard as I can, he loses his hold on me and I run, run as fast as I can down the stairs.
As I open the door I am greeted by a tall man, he smiles at me wickedly, then, it's black. 












Chapter 10

My head is pounding. I feel like I've hit over the head with a sledgehammer. My head feels wet. I try to look but all I see is a big black blur. It's dark, darker than it should be.
Where the fuck am I? Looking around, trying to get my vision in focus, I see nothing I know. Nothing familiar. My legs are in shackles that are nailed to the wall. I pull and pull but they fail to come loose.
He did this to me didn't he? He said he loved me and now I'm chained to a fucking wall.
There are no windows, just darkness with a slight bit of light coming from under the door. The floor feels soft but when I reach out, I can feel the stone wall.
Hearing the whispers outside the door, I freeze. Is that Joshua coming to do his worst to me. Oh, fuck I feel sick.
The door opens and there stands the tall man. It's him, the man who stood guard of that great big house.
"Here she is, the woman who almost ruined us all," he snarls in a deep voice. 
Ruined? Is he talking about the day my father's horrors were discovered? I stare at him, too afraid to speak. It was my fault the house was flooded; it was my fault they had to dig up the garden, but I am sure it's not my fault those bodies were there. Those chopped up disgustingly rotting bodies.
"You're just as beautiful as your father said you were," he looks me up and down and then looks behind him.
A woman comes in wearing an expensive looking suit. Her hair is up in an elegant bun, not a single hair is out of place. She's slender, beautiful but her eyes are covered by thick dark glasses. Her lips are ruby red, plumped, and divine and her cleavage peaks out of the top that clings tightly to her svelte body. 
She sits gracefully on a chair in-front of me and takes off her glasses. Her eyes peer down into mine with a look of disgust. She looks oddly familiar somehow, like a vision of a memory I cannot place. 
"Well, well," she speaks, her voice delicate, sweet, "here you are, after all these years, I finally see the woman you have become."
"Let me go," I snap, "you cannot sit there and keep me chained to a fucking wall," I yank on the chains, "let me go now."
"Oh hush," she snaps back, "stop whining, don't you want to know why you're here, or are you going to sit there whining like a pathetic little child."
Both stare at me, the man smirks as if with some sort of delight seeing me in this hell. She grosses her legs, sat there prim and proper like a lady of luxury.
"I can see why Joshua was so bewitched by you, your father and he were right, you truly are beautiful."
I don't feel beautiful right now, my hair is drenched in what I can only assume is my own blood. My eyes burn with the bright light shining into the room after I have been stuck in here for god knows how long.
My clothes are full of dirt, ripped and sowing parts of flesh I wish were not so visible. I say nothing in response to her. I just stare.
Hearing more footsteps, out of the light and into the dark steps another man. I look up and see Joshua. He looks at me with such sadness, but his body is stiff and rigid. Almost cold even.
He looks down at me chained to the wall but the man who claimed he loved me does nothing to help or set me free.
"Ah, right on time," the woman says with glee, "I should thank you really, for leading us to her. You've done a good job," she smirks turning her head to me as she tenderly touches his arm.
I feel a huge knot in my stomach and wrenching feeling deep in the pits what can only be described as my womb. I keel over and before I can warn anyone, vomit springs from my mouth.
"Holy fuck," the woman jumps up from her perfectly positioned chair as my vomit splatters on her newly looking high heeled shoes.
"I'm sorry," I cry, "please, let me out of here, I don't feel well."
"Let you out," she laughs, "not a chance. I'm not finished with you; I've barely even begun. Joshua, take her to The Medicus, whatever it is I don't want her disease spreading around this institution. Get her sorted and get it done fast. I have plans for our precious sweet girl." She stands to her feet and adjusts herself, turns swiftly and proudly and leaves.
Unhooking my chains, he stares into my eyes. I try to stand by kegs fall from underneath me. He swoops me into his arms as romantically as he has done in the past. 
Carrying me down a long narrowing hallway, he stares at me, his eyes not leaving mine. He still says nothing. Not an apology, not even an I love you, nothing that shows the words he once said were true and meaningful.
I feel it again, a wave of sickness coming over me. "Joshua, please, stop," I beg wriggling from his arms I lean over and again throw up.
His eyes glaze over me with concern. His hand gently rubs my back and he again swoops me up and carries me. Down more narrowing hallways we eventually reach a room. I look around and I'm, shocked. It appears to be a Doctor's office. But not the cold shabby room I was in, a real Doctors off. He places me on the bed, looks at me once more and leaves.
As I wretch and lean over the bed, a man rushes under me with a bowl as I again unleash vomit that makes me shiver to my core.
"Vomiting a lot?" He asks, not looking at me, typing away on his very expensive computer. He sits up straight, professional. His bushy beard and moustache hide the curves of his lips. His glasses balance almost on the end of his long pointy nose. His hair almost grey but not quite, his body lumpy, not large but not small either.
"Um, no, just today." I lay back on the bed and stare at the ceiling. Some part of me wishes I would just die. Wishes they would just get it over with. If they plan to hurt me why the fuck are they letting a doctor look at me?
He comes over, his coat so white its blinding on the eyes. His cold hands rub over my stomach and without warning he pulls me from the bed, "urine sample please, I want to rule out any infections. You can do it right there. Any headaches, pain, fever?"
Embarrassed and humiliated, I push the tiny cup under me and strain out anything that's left in me. He doesn't watch, he focuses on the screen, nonetheless, this is the most humiliating thing I have ever done "no, just today, feeling sick all of a sudden." It's probably all this fucking stress, the stuff that's happened, it would make anyone feel sick.
Handing him the pot I try to regain some dignity. I turn away and stare at the wall. Pictures and pictures of human anatomy fill the clean white walls. Does this Doctor know who these people are and what they do?
"When was your last period."
I turn shooting a disturbed look, "um, why it was, it was?." I try to remember but for the life of me it doesn't spring to mind.
Swivelling around on his chair he looks at me, his face expressionless looking at something in his hand, "well that will explain it, you're pregnant





















Chapter 11

Pregnant? No, I couldn't possibly be pregnant. How can I be pregnant? No, no, no, just NO! Josh and I have never exactly been careful, but we've never had any issues before. I say that like a naive child who doesn't understand how babies are made. But how can I have been so stupid, not to take the precaution. I suppose, that's what happens when you're in love. Sex becomes an act of that love and it doesn't matter about the consequences because you think it won't happen to you.
I never thought it would, I only stopped taking birth control under the doctor's orders as he stated I needed to give my body a break. He told us 'make sure you use something should you not wish to conceive' and I shrugged it off. It never crossed my mind it could happen so quickly. 
"Come here," the doctor orders, "we need to check how far along you are if you cannot tell me something as simple as when your last period was."
I lie on the table which suddenly feels cold and very uncomfortable. Looking at the screen in front of him, he makes some grunting sounds as he moves the stick around my stomach. 
Clicking buttons and making more grunting sounds, he turns to me, "well, it would appear you are approximately thirteen weeks from the size of the foetus."
Thirteen fucking weeks? How can I miss a period for that long and not notice? He turns the screen and shows me the little baby growing inside of me. I see a small body and a heartbeat; how can this poor baby be brought into this world. Into this mess of a life. I cry uncontrollably. I feel love but I feel fear. What will the life of this baby be like with a father who eats other humans? I read stories all the time of women trying their hardest to conceive, months, years and so on and yet here I am, thirteen fucking weeks pregnant. Could my baby be born a monster? His father eats people, fucking eats people. Could that be in my baby's DNA?
Fiddling again with the button and the monitor, he looks more closely. "Everything seems normal, healthy, baby is a good size, do you smoke, drink or take any drugs I should know about?" 
Know about? Why is he acting so concerned? Is this part of his ethics like 'hey girl, yeah I eat people but hey, I care, I'm a doctor, it's my job' bollocks or something like that, "no I do none of that," although I could use a fucking drink right now. 
He wipes me clean, covers me over with a sheet and then leaves the room.
I stare at the frozen image on the screen. That's my baby, mine, and Joshua's baby, growing inside of me. How could I have been so stupid not to notice? I watch, staring at the innocent life growing inside me, probably hearing every sordid detail that has been discussed, or maybe, having sweet dreams about the day that sweet little baby is in my arms. I look and wonder, does it know, could it know?
I look around realising now, that I am all alone. Now, now is my chance. I quickly find my feet, feeling weak and drained I run to the door. Pulling on the handle hoping to regain my freedom, my hopes are dashed when it doesn't unlock or open. 
Frantically running around, I try and search for any exit that will get me out of this prison. A window, a hallway, an open door. Pulling any door open I can see I am stunned to find a secret exit behind some sort of cabinet. I look down a dark, dingy hallway that seems lit up by the moonlit sky. This is my chance; I must take it.
Climbing in, I carefully close the doors behind me and make a run for it. I feel the stone floor against my bare feet, it's freezing, almost ice cold. I know it, I can sense it, but my body doesn't seem to comprehend it. I run and run, trying to keep quiet, trying not to cry into hysterics and scream out for help. God knows who would hear me.
As I reach the end, I see two other corridors. They split off in different directions and seem darker than the one I have just come from. 
Oh fuck, which one do I choose? How do I know these will lead me out of here? Do I go back and see if I can find another way? I look to the side through the great big gaps that appear to be where windows would have been and peer over - I see nothing but rooftops, tall dark rooftops that show no sign of a way out. Hearing voices, I take a quick gamble and run down the one on the right, hoping and praying in my head as I tire and become breathless that this will lead to my freedom. Please god, please help me find a way out. 
The hallway is long, it appears never ending. It becomes darker and as I place my hands on the walls to hold me up, I feel the dampness. I feel sick. But I cannot stop, I can't stop now. I need to get out. 
At the end of the corridor I see a door, light peers ever so slightly underneath, but it's dim. 
Kneeling, I try to look underneath for signs that someone might be there. I see nothing. Just a very dim light.
"Where is she?" I hear echoing down the hallway, "find her, how the fuck could you leave her alone." The voice is loud, angry. It's her! 
I pull on the handle and although it seems lose, it doesn't open straight away. I push and push, it comes lose but seems jammed by something. I can still hear her voice, screaming and raging in the distance. Do they not know of the Doctors secret passageway?
Finally, after using all the strength I have. The door gives way and opens. Closing it behind me I pile any kind of heavy object behind it to stop someone coming in after me.
My heart is racing, I want to throw up but then I want food, and sleep and then I want to get out. Get out of this hell hole.
The room is slightly lit with a small lamp on the floor in the corner of the room. Large pictures of sailboats cover the walls from top to bottom and strange creature like heads are perfectly placed on a table, surrounded by unlit but used candles. Is this their fake God that they worship?
There are no lights on the ceiling, just images of men and women kissing and underneath them what I can only think is dead people. 
I look around the room, but I see no other door that is immediately obvious to me but there, on a mattress is a body. It isn't moving. Just lying ever so still. From here, the eyes look open, staring at the gruesome picture painted on the ceiling. 
As I edge closer, I see something that makes my stomach turn. It's a man. Oh my god, no, it couldn't be.
"Daddy?"






































Chapter 12

I walk slowly towards him, his head, his eyes, they don't move to see me. How is he here? I was told he died, told he hung himself. I wasn't allowed a funeral, I was told, told, they, oh my god. Daddy? 
Slowly and cautiously, I move closer. My body wants to leap at him to protect me but then my mind reminds me of the monster that was, or, is. 
Kneeling by his side I turn his head to face me. His eyes stare at me blankly, not even a single blink. Is he alive?
He turns his head back on his own to face the ceiling and says nothing, he is alive. 
"Daddy, Daddy can you hear me, please Daddy, please look at me." I shake him to try and get some sort of response but nothing, he is like a drug addict high on heroine and zoned into space.
Grabbing the nearest thing I wipe his face with water, "daddy please, please look at me."
With those words, he slowly turns his head. His eyes seem pained. Like he wants to speak but can't. A small smile curls up on the side of his lip, he knows me. He can see me. I smile back, trying hard to fight back the tears that fill my eyes. 
Stroking his hair away from his eyes I look at him. His body seems frail and small, not the muscular large man he once was. His face is drawn in, thin, like he hasn't had a decent meal in some time. My strong daddy, the man who cared for me, picked me up when I fell, spoiled me like a princess, just now looks like a shadow of the man he used to be, the man I remembered.
"Rayne," he mumbles as if drunk, his voice barely audible. He looks again and then passes out.
I shake him and shake him, but he doesn't wake up. No daddy please, please, wake up. I need to take him with me, I can't leave him here like this. For these monsters to have their way with him. I still don't understand why Joshua told me he was dead, he came home and told me that he had hung himself. Why would Joshua lie? Then again, I didn't really know him did I. I fell in love with a man who chows down on human flesh like sweets. Not that I would know how he consumes them, and I don't want to know how he does it either. God no, I feel sick. 
Taking a deep breath, I fight the urge to throw up. There's nothing inside me, how can I still be sick? Is this the pregnancy! Oh god! The pregnancy! 
If I leave here, with his baby inside me, what will happen? Will they still come after me?
Alvardo, where is Alvardo? I left him at the house! Lying there, screaming at me to run. Where is he? Could he help me and my baby?
My hand gently rubs my stomach and now, suddenly, I feel like a mother, with a need to protect my baby. But then, I look and know, I need to protect my father too. 
I slump down against the wall and finally, I break. Tears flood down my cheeks.
A strange clicking sound grabs my attention. As I look, I see the outlines of a door, a slight shining between the cracks. The door is carefully hidden by one of the large pictures draping down the walls.
Someone is coming. This is it. They found me. And now, I'll die, and my baby, my poor sweet baby will die before it even has a chance to live.
The door opens slowly, my heart races and my mind floods with images as to how I will die. Will they tie me up? Will they cut me open and devour the pieces? Or torture me until I beg to die.
Looking up at my fate, I see something unexpected. Joshua.
"You!" I snap angrily.
His eyes widen in shock as if surprised to see me. He quickly moves inside and looks at me, "how did you get in here?"
"You! I'm here because of you, you sly, sneaky, conniving, lying bastard!" Rage builds inside me and I find the strength to stand on my feet, "how could you do this to me," I swing at him, "you, you who said he loved me, you who lied there night after night holding me in your arms, you who told me my father was fucking dead and there he is now, lying on the fucking floor. You bastard."
Josh lunges at me and puts his arms around me, pinning my arms to my side. I fight but he has too strong a hold on me. His hand covers my mouth and he whispers, "quiet, shut up or they will hear you."
I hear footsteps outside and the sound of mumbling voices. Josh and I both stare at the door but no-one comes in.
"I will remove my hand, but if you scream, they will come in here. They are looking for you all over."
I stay quiet even though I want to turn around and hurt him. Hurt him badly.
The voices fade away and Josh lets go of my mouth. He moves and faces me; his hand tenderly touches my cheek.
"Don't touch me," I slap his hand away, "how dare you stand there and touch me and don't even look at me."
His eyes well up with tears and he falls to his knees. He bows his head as if in shame, "I'm so sorry," he blubs, "I tried, I tried to break free from all of this. I never wanted to hurt you, Rayne, I love you." He looks up, his eyes puffy and red, "I really do love you."
"How can you love me? You brought your psycho killer family to my house. They kidnapped me, they chained me to a wall and when you had the chance to free me you just stood there, you did nothing. Nothing!"
"I couldn't, they said they would kill you if I intervened and I needed to bide some time so I could figure a way to get you out," his arms wrap around my waist and he holds me tight, "remember when I swore to be with you, to love you, to protect you, I meant those things, I love you, I love you with all my heart."
I want to fall on my knees in front of him and take him into my arms. He looks so genuine; his tears seem so real. He holds me tight against him and I want to give in. 
I still love him; I feel so deeply in love with him. He's my Joshua. The man who held me when I had nightmares, comforted me when tears fell down my face. No, no, NO! I can't, I can't let him play me like this. 
I push him away, tears falling down my cheeks, "No, I can't, you tricked me, it was all a lie. You lied to me."
"I lied at first but then after, everything I said was true, you bewitched me, and I fell in love with you."
"No," I cry, "I can't, I can't let you hurt me or this baby."
His eyes widen as he looks at me in shock, "baby?"












Chapter 13

I look at him and notice he doesn't seem to know what I'm talking about.
"What baby?" he stands to his face and suddenly his expression turns serious.
Do I tell him? If he doesn't know then he can't hurt my sweet baby can he. 
I walk over to my father who again has his eyes open staring attentively at the ceiling. "If you love me, you have to help me move my father."
"No," he says sternly, "you have to tell me what you meant," he grabs me, "Rayne tell me."
"I'm pregnant," I whimper. 
He steps back, his face expression even more shocked than I was when I found out.
"And before you say anything else, yes, the baby is yours," I snap kneeling next to my father, "now you need to help me move the man who you told me was dead."
Voices can be heard again from outside the door, they get closer and closer and Josh jumps and grabs me, "no matter what happens, play along."
"What? Let go of me."
"Rayne, whatever happens, you play along. You're going to have to trust me."
Just as those words 'trust me' echo into my mind, the door swings open.
There she stands, tall, beautiful, stunningly enchanting in her blue skirt that clings to her thighs and shows her long legs. Her shirt tucked in to flaunt her womanly figure and cleavage most women have surgery to achieve.
Josh holds my hands behind my back, firm and tight whilst gently stroking my hand, I'm confused, is he helping me? Or them?
"Joshua," she smiles devilishly removing her large glasses and peering down at me, "you found her." She looks over to my father and then back at me. "So, now you know."
"What have you done to him?"
"Oh, he's resting, until he learns the error of his ways and realise that his only place is with his real family. If it wasn't for you, we wouldn't have to take such drastic measures."
Drastic? Are they starving him to death until he agrees to go back to them?
"Take her to the bedroom, little miss mum to be will need her rest, chain her up so she cannot run away again." She orders, "and you," she points to a guard, "make sure that exit in the doctor's closet is sealed, we don't want another charade like we have had today." 
"She's pregnant?" Josh says surprised. 
What is he doing, he knows I'm pregnant! We've just had this conversation. "You cannot chain her to a wall when she is pregnant, and being as she is then it will be my child and I want my child to be born to a woman who can cope with childbirth so once she does, I can take my child and raise it." He grips me tighter.
"Joshua," she smiles pleased, "you always have a way of brightening up my day. Fine. Don't chain her, we'll keep her comfortable and feed her well until the baby is born and then, we will bring it up as part of the family."
Are they fucking crazy? "I'm not letting you get anywhere near my fucking baby you crazy psycho bitch!"
She laughs mocking me, "oh darling, what makes you think you will have any option in this, take her away. I will deal with her later, and make sure her darling father gets his daily injection."
Injection? Oh my god, they're drugging him! Daddy, please wake up and fight this, you can't let them win. You must fight. Daddy please.
Josh takes me out of the room and leads me through some beautiful corridors and leads me up a grand staircase into an extremely large kitchen. Was I in a basement?
The kitchen is large enough to hold three normal houses inside it. The centre counter has a large display of flowers, elegantly placed next to an indoor water fountain.
As he walks me through the house, he says nothing. Is he afraid of something? He keeps checking behind him, but no-one follows.
He leads me up another grand staircase where the railings are decorated with beautiful fairy lights in the shape of butterflies. Grand chandeliers hang from the high ceiling that sparkle from the lights surrounding us.
The floor is marble, gleaming with shine as if newly polished. Down a long hallway he leads me to a bedroom. The room is just as grand as the house with another chandelier hanging from the ceiling. The bed has draped curtains in pure white chiffon with bows at each corner. The matching dresser has a vase of flowers and small silver trinkets neatly placed beside it.
"This will be your room," Josh shuts the door and looks at me, "I will do everything I can to ensure your safety, and the safety of our baby."
Our baby? Is he fucking kidding me? "And by locking me away in a room where they can come get me anytime they want to? Do anything to me?"
"I will not let them harm you. I love you."
"You let them harm me the moment you let them take me. Now, what are they doing to my father?"
He looks at me and shakes his head, "Rayne, there is still so much you don't know, so much you don't understand about all this. Yes, I have done some horrible things, thins I dare say out loud and well, you know some of it. From the trial details, what your father did. Rayne, there's just so much but I cannot tell all now, I need to wait until it's safe and I promise, when the time is right I will tell you everything you need to know, everything you want to know."
I look at him, his eyes beg me to trust him. I want to but how can I when he is sat there telling me there's more to this, more he has been keeping from me.
"She's going to come here and she's going to play with you, play with your mind, no matter what she does, don't let her get to you. You will hear things Rayne, hear things that will break your heart, but I promise, I promise I will get you and our baby out. No matter I do, just play along. I will not hurt you. Trust me."
There's that word he uses again, 'trust'. I'm stuck in a room, as grand as it may be, with no other option but to trust him. I nod in agreement and he walks over, he strokes my stomach, kisses my forehead and leaves. I'm all alone. Do I run? Or stay?
















Chapter 14

I open my eyes to a ray of light beaming into the room. I look over to the window as the sun shines high in the sky. The sky is a light shade of blue and the clouds float like pure bits of cotton balls. 
I stretch out on the comfortable mattress, surrounded by deliciously smelling satin sheets. For a moment, I forget that I am being held hostage, the room is too divine, extravagant. I can't help but think if I wasn't being held against my will I would enjoy living here. The ceilings are high with beautiful carved designs, these people have money to spare. I wonder, how did they get so wealthy?
My stomach swirls with an uneasy feeling. I'm not sure if it's morning sickness or hunger. I can't remember the last time I ate some food, with everything that's happened.
The door opens slowly and in she walks, gleaming like sunshine, skin without an imperfection. Her hair perfectly curled and bouncy, hanging down over her shoulders. Her clothes tight against her slim body. She curls up her lip in a devilish smile and parks herself on a chair next to my bed.
Her legs neatly folded, "hello my pet," she smirks, "sleep well in our house I assume."
I did in fact sleep very well. I didn't have a nightmare, I didn't dream at all, I nod in agreement with her.
"Good, Jonas will be up with some food for you shortly, we must keep that baby healthy"
My hand instinctively moves over my tummy, "why are you keeping me here, just let me go."
She laughs almost wickedly, "you don't know who I am do you?"
I shake my head, am I supposed to remember her? I look her up and down, seeing my expression she smiles and leans into me.
"I am your mother."
What the fuck? "I have no mother," I mumble.
"Is that what that idiot told you?"
"How dare you talk about my father that way, he is an amazing man."
"Amazing?" She laughs, "oh sweet, sweet girl, you truly have no idea." She sits back on the chair casually and looks at me, "oh honey, he isn't your father."
A massive lump forms in my throat, "you lie," words barely escape me.
"Why would I have any reason to lie to you?"
I could think of reasons she would want to lie to me, make me resent the man who raised me? Make me doubt everything? I know who my father is, but I am his daughter.
"You see, when you were little, no older than six months old, your parents were, well, one of our," she pauses for a moment and then looks at me square in the eye, "prizes."
I want to be sick, a prize! Chopping someone up and eating them is a prize! In walks a tall, lanky pale man with shining silver tray. He lays it out neatly on the table, gives a smile that sends shivers down my spine and leaves.
"Your food, help yourself," she waives to me.
I get up cautiously and look at the mouth-watering foods. Bacon and eggs, fruit cocktails, orange juice, water, cream cakes. So many to choose from. I eat the bacon and eggs, the bacon cooked so perfectly, so deliciously. I ram it so fast down my throat like I haven't eaten in weeks. It's so good. 
I turn to look, and she watches me, her face now expressionless. Feeling judges, I move back to the bed and sit, looking back at her without saying a word.
"As I was saying, you, at six months old, sat there so innocently in your play pen. Your green eyes and small blonde curls made you look like a beautifully carved doll. You didn't cry, you didn't scream, not even when your parents put up a fight."
I imagine the horror in my head, two people fighting for their lives as their helpless baby sits silently.
"Jack, he took one look at you and I don't know why, but he decided he had to have you. As my husband, I pleaded with him, but he looked, out of all the children, you're the one he couldn't leave."
"Children?" I murmur, "you've killed children too?" 
She looks back at me, "oh yes, children are a delicacy, their untouched pure skin and organs make them most delicious to devour."
Children? Sweet innocent children? Oh god! Please tell me she is joking. 
She smiles, "anyway, you, he brought home. I agreed to keep you a secret and raise you as our own. However, he become more attached to you than I liked, and I decided to leave, I couldn't put up with a crying baby, not really my thing," she looks in disgust.
"If you hated me so much, why am I here now? Why stalk me all this time? Why not just let me live my life, I would never have known any different," I hold back the tears in my eyes, how can all this be true? But then, I guess, it does make sense. I never met my father's family. There were never any pictures of them lying around nor were their family albums of my father when he was a boy, normal things you would expect to have. 
"Well," she chirps up interrupting my train of thought, "children are only good for one thing, and looking after them is not one of them. You took him away from me, before you come along, he was completely devoted to me. We done everything together, he never once doubted us. He carried on despite wanting so many times to get out. But, him staying was the only way I was going to let you live. You see, before your father's capture, you were a secret. The you fucked up and everything went to shit and for that reason, we had to step in. He will come back to us and you, once that sprog is born, you will disappear for good." She stands from her chair and adjusts herself, "you took the man I loved away and now he's a weak, pathetic excuse for a human being. The once strong, dedicated loving husband who treated me like a princess decided you were too important, and it was you he showered on love and affection. For that, I hate you and what's coming to you my sweet girl is well deserved." She walks out of the room without a second glance.
All of this, all of this is because she's jealous of something that I had no control over, how is that fair? 
My stomach swirls again and this time I feel my food coming back up, I run to the door, but it's locked, having no choice, I vomit in the bin. What the hell am I going to do? I have several more months of this!















Chapter 15

As the time goes by and as my belly starts to swell, and movements of my unborn child thrill me, I feel love for this little innocent baby. My attempts to escape have been few and far in-between, and even when I tried, I failed. I'm starting to lose hope, I haven't seen my father in such time I am beginning to wonder if he is still alive and if he is, is he one of them again? Have they managed to brainwash him into going back into their disgusting cult? If he is alive, if he is back to normal, does that mean he doesn't love me? Does that mean my father wants me to stay here and rot? Is he hoping to take my baby?
I stare at the ceiling, rubbing my belly as I do every day, the thoughts that once raced my mind seem to be disappearing. I cannot deny that they have treated me well, I have been fed, had a daily dose of vitamins and given all the food for my cravings I can think of. 
"You look perky today," I hear as the door opens, Joshua walks in, his broad shoulders larger than normal. His eyes look at me, but something strange appears in them. His normal gleam seems dull, dark and his smile seems crooked, "here you go Rayne."
"You, okay?"
He turns and looks at me as he places a tray of food on the table, "Yes, why ever would you think otherwise? Here, you must eat." He comes towards me, but he seems cold, unlike him at all. Normally, when Joshua looks at me, I melt at the knees, his eyes sink into my like heaven, why is he being so cold?
I take the food from him, keeping a cautious eye on his strange movements. He potters around the room barely paying any attention to me. No hugs, no kiss, no rub of the belly as usual. It unnerves me.
"Can I go into the garden today? It's beautiful and sunny and I think I can do with some fresh air."
"Then we will open a window," he snaps cruelly, "last time you went into the garden you tried to climb over the wall, you almost injured yourself and you could have hurt the, I mean my," he stumbles his words and then looks at me, "I mean our baby. I cannot let you attempt to do that again."
In all this time Joshua has spoken of nothing but my freedom. Telling me he will help me when he can, telling me he wants me and our baby to be free, now he stands before me telling me he wants me to stay in here? "Joshua, are you okay?" I ask afraid of the answer.
"Oh sweet girl," his mouth curls up in almost a smile but the look in his eyes makes my stomach curdle, "you should know me by now, you would know if something was wrong, right?" He walks over and strokes my cheek. His touch sends an unnerving shiver down my spine. Joshua has touched me many times, over and over I would beg for him to touch me because every time he did it would make me weak at the knees. His touch was soft, sweet, like the delicate brush of a rose petal on my skin. This touch, this person, this isn't my Joshua, what have they done to him.
I look back, pulling away from his cold hands roughly stroking my cheek, "you, you just don't seem yourself is all."
"Hah, you try looking after you all the time and doing everything else that is required around here."
His words shock me. Looking after me? Does he now regret this? Have they finally got into his head and made him turn against me? He has been like this over the past month and I cannot understand as to why. From the moment we met we clicked; we went together like a jigsaw puzzle. He loved me unconditionally, I know he did, I felt it. You cannot fake feelings like that. Even when I was brought here, I saw the pain in his face, the hurt in his eyes. Something deep inside me still told me to trust the man I loved. Trust the man who stole my heart and now, now he's a stranger.
Casually, he turns to leave, not a kiss or a sign of real affection, he gives a cold smile and leaves. Fiddling with the door I hear him get angry and throw something. What the fuck?
How can he be so cold? Raging with anger and hormones I bang on the door, screaming for someone let me out. How dare he do this to me, to our baby!
No-one comes to my aid; do they even hear me screaming. How dare he. In anger, I throw the stool located by the vanity table at the door. To my luck, the door clicks and opens. That's all it took, a fucking chair!
Peeking my head out and looking down the long hallway, there isn't a person in sight. I would have thought that maybe someone would have been standing guard, watching over me but there is no-one. It's silent. No voices. No laughter. No screams. Nothing. Creeping quietly, I pass the large paintings hanging on the wall. Old paintings, people dressed in clothes from another century. Is this their family? Is this how long this bullshit has been going on. The hallway smells of flowers and freshly cut grass. It's strong and overpowering. I feel my baby kick, stopping to feel my bump again I get an overwhelming sense of danger. I hear voices in the distance. Without thinking, I push open the nearest door and dive into a room. Fuck! Another room. Why did I creep, why didn't I just run as fast as I could out of here, hop out of a window? Fuck, fuck! They're going to go to my room and notice I'm not there, then they will hunt me down in this playground of hell and lock me away. Lock me away until I go insane, or until my baby is born and then what? Take my baby away? Eat it? Raise it to be one of them? How could that fuck treat me the way he did? 
The voices move away, I press my ear against the door, my heart pounding so hard and so loud I fear it may draw their attention. But luckily, they hear nothing, and they seem to pass by without a glance in this direction, I can only assume, if they had, they would notice something amiss.
Taking a sigh of relief, I fall against the door. I know I have tried so many times to escape but I have to try again, right? I'd be an idiot if I didn't. If not for my sake, then for the sake of my unborn baby. My eyes drift slowly around the room looking for anything that can get me out. Hearing a grunting noise, my body freezes in fear as I realise, I'm not alone.
Looking over, stood against the wall and shackled by chains is someone. Holy fuck. Am I really seeing this?
Joshua?





















Chapter 16

His eyes are swollen, his face full of cuts and bruises, this cannot be, he was just with me. He, he was stood in-front of me. There is no way this could have happened in the time it took me to get here. Just no way!
His head slowly lifts his head, and he looks at me, shocked and scared that I am stood before him, "Rayne," he mumbles barely looking at me with his bruised swollen eyes.
I stand in shock at a distance, words fail to come out. What the fuck has happened?
"Rayne, please, run," he begs, his voice shaky, "please, get out of here."
"Out of here, how the fuck can you say that to me after what just happened, and what's happened over god knows how long. You psycho bastard! You left me in that room to rot and today you show nothing towards me, no love, nothing, just coldness," I snap, keeping my voice low. I want to scream but I know I can't.
He struggles, pulling against his restraints as if trying to get me to but his shackles keep him in his place, "Rayne, please believe me, I love you I do, you don't understand."
His face winces in pain. He looks as if he hasn't had a shower in weeks, his clothes, torn and dirty. When the fuck did he have time to change?
"Rayne," he mumbles again, his voice barely a whisper, "please I beg you. Use the window, go down the side and run. Run as far away as you can. Forget about me, for our daughter's sake please."
Daughter? Did he just say daughter? My mind flashes back to the day of the scan, the only scan their fucked-up doctor has given me. He raised his eyebrows and seemed displeased with whatever he was looking at.
I remember how sick filled in my mouth with the fear that something was wrong with my baby, that he saw something horrifying. He said nothing to me, but he called her in. Her, the woman who hates me so much for the husband who chose me over her. 
"It will have to do," she shrugged, "we can deal with that, one way or another."
Deal with what? What are they not telling me? All I can imagine is that my baby has an extra arm or leg or something like that. Why am I having such horrible images of my baby? He wipes me clean, prints a picture and hides it in a folder. This is my baby and they refuse to tell me any details.
Tying me to a wheelchair they took me back to my room and said nothing to me. I cradled my growing bump as tears fell down my face, fearful of what may be growing inside me.
At seven months pregnant I learned to accept whatever may be. No matter what is wrong with this baby I will love it, protect it and fight for it until there is no breath in me.
I look back at Joshua, "daughter?"
"Yes, our daughter, save her and save you. Forget me please, it's the only way you will be safe. I promise I will love you always." 
"Why didn't I know it was a girl, I have pictured the worse, feared something was wrong and in all this time what they saw was the fact it was a girl?
Tears fill his eyes, "yes, a daughter, our daughter. They were hoping for a boy. Boys are more precious to them than girls. I love you and I want you and our daughter to be safe, so please, my love, please, get out of here."
I want to believe him, he seems so sincere, so hurt, so troubled. But for the last few months he has been so cold, and now here he is, telling me he loves me. Telling me all the words I've longed to hear.
My heart tells me to run into his arms, but my mind stops me and tells me to think, tells me something isn't quite right.
"How can I believe you, after everything you have done to me, how you've been. Joshua, you, you've been, so cold."
"Rayne, please believe me when I say it's not what you think, I promise you I would never be cold to you, I love you with all my heart. Please, stop arguing and run!"

Hearing voices near the door, I don't have time to run. I look at Joshua who looks as worried as I feel in the pit of my stomach. Quickly, I hide behind a large cabinet covered with dust sheets. In she walks, confident and perfect as usual. She walks over to Joshua and slaps him across the face. The sound is so loud it even makes me wince as if she hit me too.
"It hurts me to see you like this, but you have to learn Joshua, that your life belongs here," she pulls up a chair and sits so casually in-front of him.
Josh looks at her, his once sad face now filled with anger, "what we do, who we are, we're monsters."
"Oh? And where did you suddenly come on this realisation? "Through that dumb headed bimbo you think you have feelings for?" she laughs.
Bimbo? Assuming she means me, how the fuck am I a bimbo? I stay hidden, watching as she tortures him more and more. He doesn't look in my direction, I guess this is so that he doesn't give me away.
I want to jump out, run over and stab the bitch. My baby moves in belly, as if a sign telling me to keep quiet and still.
"You honestly think that woman could love you? Please! After all this time you think she'll run into your arms and be your devoted until the end of time? Don't be so ridiculous, I don't like the woman but even I don't think she's that fucking stupid. Once the baby is born, we'll deal with her accordingly, so far, everything is going according to the plan."
"What the fuck have you done?"
She giggles ever so slightly. "oh, my pet, you think I'm going to let her raise that baby, despite it being a girl, we are going to keep her, raise her, make her one of us. Luella will be her mother."
Luella? Who the fuck is that? Just as my mind tries to figure all this out, she stands to her feet and signals at the door.
"Now my dear, you must eat."
A man pulls in a long cart. Way longer than necessary for a tray of food. 
"He's cooked nicely don't you think," she smirks as she scoops up something on a fork, "the meat just melts in your mouth, taste it." She pushes the fork near Joshua's mouth, but he refuses. "Oh, come on, you used to love the barbeque dressing on the chest area, you always said the meat was so tender."
Oh my god is that a fucking human on that cart? A fucking cooked human? Josh refuses to eat once more and looks up, he spits at the guys face.
He turns in disgust. Oh. My. God. Joshua? There's two of them? Joshua has a twin!







Chapter 17

That's why he's been so cold and distant. That's why he was in this room beaten to a pulp, they were two different people. Joshua never told me had a twin. Never! Then again, he never told me anything about his family whatsoever. 
In all this time it's been his twin pretending to be him? Oh my god. I feel sick. They really are twisted. Using a twin to trick me into believing he was cold and didn't love me. What a bunch of fucking assholes. I'm so angry. How could they do this? How could humans act this way, don't they feel, anything, at all? 'Hold it in, don't make a sound Rayne, stay silent, stay still.'
"This is your fucking plan you sick bitch? Using my brother to convince Rayne I don't love her? Listen here you sick twisted manipulative bitch! Whether you believe me or not I don't give a fuck. I love Rayne, I truly love her and no matter how much to scheme or plot to remove that, it will never fucking happen. I swear, if you hurt her or my fucking baby, I will kill you. You can torture me, you can kill me, but I will find a fucking way to destroy you."
"Oh really," she laughs, "and tell me my special hero how is it you plan to do that? Look at you, pathetic, chained to a wall with barely enough strength to hold your own head up. You're weak, if it wasn't for the fact your own father didn't pull so many strings to keep you here we would have gutted you and fed you to the dogs, because consuming you isn't fucking worth it. Now you will listen to me and do as I say. There is only so much your father can do for you, even as an elder, he won't protect you for long."
Elder? Wait a minute, Joshua's fucking dad is an elder? A fucking elder!
I watch in horror as they torture Joshua more. His own brother punches him over and over in the gut and across the face.
"Do what you want to me, I will never give in to you never again." He mumbles severely wounded.
My Joshua! My poor Joshua! He slumps down, barely able to hold himself up. But his brother doesn't relent. He takes a chunk out of the chard corpses and shoves it into Joshua's mouth.
"You will join us again brother! You know this is the only way to be, now fucking eat it." He gives him one more punch and moves away, shaking his hand, his face tells me he felt the pain on him as well as Joshua. "You will come back to us, with or without her."
"Most likely without her, when I'm done with her, she will be nothing but a delicious entrée for the family," she smirks.
Entrée? The bitch plans to kill me and eat me after stealing my fucking baby! Joshua's right, I have to get out. I have to run!
I cover my mouth to hide my heavy breathing and cries. How could these people treat another human this way, someone they consider to be their family! Why is his own father allowing such horror to happen to his own child? I cannot fathom any of this. None of this makes sense to me. How? Why?
The door opens slowly. Light shines behind a tall slim figure. A gentle voice calls out, "Ah, Joshua, my darling. I see you're still being as stubborn as always."
As she comes into focus, I see a beautiful woman. Her curly blonde hair falls effortlessly to her shoulders. Her slim figure is perfectly accentuated by her dress which shows off every curve. She's just as perfect as that nasty piece of shit. They look so, similar. Beautiful, stunning, not a flaw in sight. Perfect hair, perfect body. 
She strokes his face, "my love, I will not give up on you, we're going to be a family. You, me and the baby."
"Don't you dare fucking touch her," Josh spits, his voice shaky and exhausted.
"Oh sweetie, I'm not going to hurt her. I will take perfectly good care of her. Once you stop being so stubborn you will see you and I are meant to be. Don't you remember, those nights, those wonderful nights we spent together," she moves closer to him and presses her lips against his face, "those nights of having your delicious cock inside me. We always said we would have a baby, now we have someone to give that to us. Don't worry my love," she licks up his face and then kisses him, "mmm, we'll make it perfect, just as we always planned."
"Luella, you and I were nothing. Do you hear me? Nothing, we went together at our parents request for a fucking a union, I never loved you and I never will, it was lust, sex and that was it. You're just as much of a psycho bitch as Kate and I will never give into you. You touch my daughter, and I will rip your fucking heart out and shove it down your throat."
Kate? Is that her name? It must be, she acknowledges him as he says it. My mother. Kate.
"Oh leave him," she scoffs, "you know he will never agree to anything whilst that stupid cow is living and breathing. The idiot thinks he's attached to her. Once she's gone, he will come around, until them he can stay there and wallow in his own self-pity."
"Maybe so," Luella smiles, "he is stubborn when he wants to be. We'll leave you here to think Joshua, because the choice is me and the baby, or, well, the other option you know is much worse, for you."
They all turn and leave, leaving him broken and battered, shackled to the wall.
"Baby?" I mumble in tears, approaching him slowly.
"I told you," he cries, "I told you it was complicated. I love you Rayne, I promise you I do. Please, please take our baby and leave here. I couldn't bear the thought of something happening to you."
I stroke his bruised face as he winces in pain, "I love you; I'm not going to leave you here with these fucking monsters, Joshua, look at me."
His head lifts slowly, as if struggling until his eyes meet mine. I see my Joshua, the man I fell in love with. The man who held me and made love to me.
"Do you trust me?"
"Yes."
"Good," I smile, "I have a plan, it's amazing what your mind can create in the moment you least expect," I kiss him softly and gently place my forehead on his, "I promise I will come back for you."
He says nothing back, just looks at me with love, admiration, fear and hurt all at the same time.
I slowly walk away, turning to see the cart, curiosity filling me as to see if it really was a human. As I look behind me at the cart of the human corpse, I cannot believe what I am seeing. Alvardo?
















Chapter 18

Checking over the lifeless corps on the semi warm steel cart, it is Alvardo. His skin on his body is missing, the only skin left is on his face. It's perfectly preserved. His body is charcoaled, like fried chicken on the bone. 
The body smells of barbeque sauce and its covered in thyme and rosemary leaves.
His arms have been completely severed and placed like decoration over his burnt body. His legs have been entwined together and bound by string and then across his chest are marks and pieces of flesh missing. Oh, Alvardo, how could they have done this to you! 
"Joshua, please, please tell me why he did this?"
He looks at me with a heavy sigh "because he escaped and tried to save you."
"But, this? He was only trying to help, he was just trying to help," tears fill my eyes, "just trying to help me, he didn't deserve this. Does this mean, my father, is he?."
"Your father is alive and well Rayne, trust me."
Alive and well, does that mean he's one of them again? Has he betrayed me? Oh god! What if he has? My own father! In all of this mess, should I try and find him too? My head's spinning, I need to get back to my room and pronto! 
"Joshua, I have to go, please, please just hang on okay? I have a plan I promise. I know it's tough, I know you're worried but please, please trust me, I will come back for you." Giving him a smile trying to hide my pain and anguish. I know I'm trying to reassure him everything will be okay but I'm not even sure myself. I sneak out, back down the hallway and back into the room that has become my prison, my home.
I won't let them get away with this. I won't let them take my baby away. Now I know their plan, I'm going to save my baby and I'm going to save Joshua.
Climbing back into bed in nothing but my bra and panties, I wait for the scheduled arrival of the fake Joshua, as he does to bring me food. Looking at the time I'm lucky I got back, he should be here any moment. 
The door opens slowly and in he walks, he has frustrated and pissed off written all over his face.
"Oh, there you are," I smile falsely, "I've missed you." Gathering all the nerve I can I seductively walk towards him. My pregnant belly on show as I parade in my bra and panties. 
"What are you doing?"
"Didn't you miss me baby?" I stroke his arm gently, I know this isn't my Joshua, but then, he doesn't know that I know who he is, does he!
"You're, um, naked" he seems nervous by my actions and ever so slightly pulls away.
"I'm not naked baby, I have this on for you, don't you remember buying this for me?"
Josh never bought this, not at all, it's what they kidnapped me in, and it's been washed multiple times and put back on.
"Oh, yeah, I do," he mumbles clearing his throat, "we uh, bought on that shopping trip remember."
I smile playing along, "yep, and then you took me home, you pushed me against the door, ripped my clothes off and fucked me so hard I screamed the house down."
His breath deepens and as I push him against the door and push my body against his, his breath becomes shallower. Oh, I can feel he is getting turned on, can I push him enough to run the risk?
"Mm, I remember that day, the feeling of your cock inside me, thrusting so deeply, the pleasure filling my body, you really knew how to make me moan for you."
In my head I'm thinking 'I can't believe I'm about to this, but this is for my daughter, this is for Joshua, this is for us to be free'. Feeling down his body, I rub my hands across him, he's hard, he clearly wants this, but he seems hesitant. How do I make him trust me?
"Where has all this come from?" He asks, clearly having some doubt, "you've not been like this, at all."
Think Rayne, think quick, "well, I'm pregnant, my hormones have been raging inside me and I haven't had sex with you for months, is it bad, that I want you?"
"No, no, of course not, I want you."
Fuck, does he mean that for real or because I have turned him on? 'Keep playing Rayne, stick to the plan, don't deviate, you can do this.'
"Oh, then why haven't you kissed me?" The words make me want to vomit. Just because he looks like Joshua doesn't mean I feel anything towards him. 
He leans in to kiss me and I fight every urge to pull away, kissing him back I close my eyes and picture being free. His lips push against mine hard, hungry, his erection is solid against me.
I want to stop, I want to be sick, but I stick to my plan and allow him to walk me backwards towards the bed. His kisses getting more and more hungrier. 
"I've wanted this for so long?" He sexually breathes.
So long? What? "It's been a while baby, is that what you mean?" I look at him, why am I querying him. He will figure out I'm onto him.
"Oh, yeah, of course, that's what I mean. Just waited so long and wasn't sure because of your pregnancy."
Got to give the guy credit, he seriously knows how to lie. If I didn't know he wasn't Joshua I would have probably given in and let him just have me.
His hand slides up my thigh, it sends shivers down my body, disgusting tingling shivers.
He kisses me more, pushing his tongue inside my mouth like it's trying to find my internal organs!
I roll my hands up his back, careful he doesn't press to hard against my growing bump and as he moves to press his lips against my neck, without waiting anymore, I plunge the knife he so willingly brought in straight into his neck!
He rolls off me clutching his neck in pain, pulling the knife from his throat, bleeding profusely and unable to scream. He falls to the floor and I do nothing, I just watch as he struggles. His eyes fill with fear and I smile, leaning down next to him.
I want to scream but I whisper to him "I know who you are, you're not my Joshua. I hope you suffer, you sadistic asshole, I hope it hurts."
I take a step back and just watch as he finally, dies.




















Chapter 19

Bloody stains the beautiful cream carpets as his body lies lifeless on the floor.
Strangely, a part of me feels happy about what I've just done. I have committed murder and yet, I do not feel sorry. Should I? As a human being? Should I feel sorry for what I've just done?
I mean, do they even sorry for what they do to those people, to the people they kill and eat, yuck! But do they feel sorry for them?
Why am I even thinking about this? I leave his body lying on the floor and just chuck a sheet over it. What the fuck am I meant to do? Move him? He's huge! He's at least six feet or so, fuck it, I'll leave him there. If he didn't suffer enough, he can certainly suffer when those fuckers find him. 
Grabbing the keys on his waistbelt I had back out cautiously into the hallway. Creeping, I hear laughter and voices coming from outside. Peering out the window as carefully as I can, I see a group of people, laughing, joking and enjoying some sort of hog roast, wait, that's not a hog roast, holy fuck that's a human roast. There is a fucking human on spit roast twirling round, cooking, in the open. There's about thirty people out there, fucking hell, there's loads of them!
Running back to Joshua's room, to my horror, he's not there. What? Where the fuck is he? Alvardo's body is still there, not so neatly laid out anymore. His legs and arms have been removed and his body seems have been ripped apart, by animals! Fuck, they ate him! Oh god where is Joshua, where is he?
My heart races and I feel a sudden kick from my baby. Don't worry little princess, we will find daddy and we will get out of here. I promise. I rub my belly and continue to move. Trying all the doors I can but there are too many goddamn keys! 
I hear the slight sounds of someone calling me out to me. It's not Joshua, I would know his voice, oh my god! Daddy!
Running to his aid "daddy, are you alright?" He looks much healthier than the last time I saw him. He seems to have put on weight, has some colour back in his face and isn't as weak.
He hugs me tightly "oh my girl, you're alright," he sighs in relief, "look at you, all, plump."
"Well, yeah, that's what happens when you're pregnant."
"What, why are you looking at me like that?"
My father seems upbeat and looks so much better, but I cannot help but wonder why, "um, Daddy, please, I need to know, have you, you know."
He lowers in head in shame and I know immediately, he has, he has been eating humans, just like they said he would.
"Let go of me," I snap pulling away from his arms, "how could you! You are a monster!"
"Rayne, please, it wasn't like that. The elders were getting ready to kill me. I wouldn't go back to Kate, I knew what she was planning, and I didn't want any part of it, please believe me, then, I heard you were pregnant and that they were keeping you here. I was so worried Rayne, I wanted to get better, for you. To get out, to help you."
Josh did say he was alive and well, but humans? How could he! "There are other ways to get better daddy, there are other things you could, eat, you know like normal fucking food!"
"You're right, but it doesn't work like that here. All they eat are, well, humans. The only reason I continued to do what I did for the elders was so that no harm would ever come to you. Kate agreed to keep you a secret, for me, but when you, when the house, look when it all went tits up she was angry, I knew she would come for you so I had Alvardo look after you. He never fitted in here, he always wanted out and I knew he would be a good choice. I knew he would protect you."
"Daddy are you dull? He got caught!"
"He didn't get caught because he couldn't protect you, he got caught because you fell in love with one of us. You fell for a cannibal. I tried your whole life to keep you away from this, but when he turned up, I knew she was scheming to get you, I knew she was plotting something, that's why I went away that weekend the police all turned up, was to see her. They bribed the police Rayne and I was brought back here until I agreed. I was worried sick about you. Stuck there, with him. Rayne, I have done what I don't to protect you and I have only eaten humans because I had to."
Is he honestly trying to tell me he ate a human because he had no choice? What do I do? Do I believe him? I look in his eyes and he does seem, so sincere, reaching out towards me once again to pull me into a hug.
"Daddy, if you truly mean what you say and you want to help me, then help me get out of here, with Joshua."
He looks shocked, "you really do love him, don't you?"
"Yes, I do, now please, help me get out of here."
"To be fair to you my princess, he was an asshole, with his father being an elder and him being well, at the top, he was one of the 'fave's', promised to marry a right fucking bitch who would step on anyone's toes to get to the top, but he genuinely loves you. I saw that in him when he refused to turn against you for them, I guess, people do change."
"I suppose, you did once."
Sadness fills his face, "I have changed, loving you did that to me, being a father did that to me. Okay, tell me when you came in here, were they all still outside?"
"Uh, yes," I try not to think of the human turning over on the spit roast.
"Good, what time is it?"
"Um, when I killed the brother, I know it was one because I looked at the time on his watch."
"Killed, the brother?"
Holy shit! I just blurted that out didn't I. Fuck! "Um, yeah, Joshua's brother, you don't get to judge me, what I did was for survival, what you did was?"
"Sick" he comments, "I'm not judging you, if it was one when you, did, that, and they are all outside that must mean he was serving you just before they began their banquette and ritual because he would not be interrupted during that."
"Ritual? Banquette? What, what the fuck are those?"
He looks seriously into my eyes, "consumption of many humans, whilst praying to the god."















Chapter 20

My father looks at me and tells me how to escape. I offer to take him, but he refuses. Cut free and roaming the halls, he leads me to Joshua.
Joshua is still, lying on the mattress on the floor, he is now in the same position my father was in "Joshua, baby? Open your eyes, look at me," I shake him, but he barely responds, he just grunts at me.
"Daddy, how the fuck did they even get him here, I just saw him, not that long ago, I went back to my room, how did they even get him in here, how daddy how!"
Sensing the panic, he grabs me, "Rayne, calm down, if you make too much noise one of the ushers will hear you, and you're pregnant, think of the baby."
"Ushers? What the fuck is an usher?"
"They are the security guys who roam the halls, who moved Joshua here. When you were doing whatever it was you were doing, and them bringing you food, they moved him then. Now, they're doing to him what they done to me, he won't hear you and he isn't strong enough to run."
"What, daddy, I can't just leave him here. We're about to have a baby, don't you get that? I'm not going to leave him here to die and be eaten by fucking monsters."
"Why would they do that?"
"Because they did it to Alvardo!" I snap.
"They, they did what? No," he shakes his head, refusing to believe me, "they just killed him."
"No daddy, they killed him and served him on a human tray platter and tried to force feed him to Joshua."
His eyes glaze over as he stares at me but not at me, more into space at me, "they, they ate one of our own?"
"Yes, now help me please, I cannot leave him here. Daddy, I love him."
He runs to the window and peers down into the garden where the festivities are taking place "they're stating the worshipping ritual, if you want to take him, now is the time." He looks again and looks back at me, "wow, they certainly have a feast roasting down there, four, five maybe?"
My stomach churns. Is he jealous that he's not part of it, "daddy, help me," I snap! 
He helps me lift Joshua to his feet, who looks at me like he barely knows who I am. My dad throws him on a cart and looks at me, "we'll have to wheel him out."
"What? Wheel him out where?"
"To a car"
"Daddy I don't have a fucking car!"
"Look, the cars are all kept in the garage, the keys are located on the wall, just take a car."
Pushing Joshua down the hallway on a cart they use to serve dead bodies, the house seems eerily quiet. 
I move as fast as I can without being too loud. My father carefully plods on behind me; his eyes wander around but neither of us see one of those usher's in sight.
"Okay, take a left down here," he whispers.
I push to turn but of course, it isn't that easy, "daddy, it won't turn it's stuck."
"What the fuck is going on here?"
"Rayne, run" my dad shouts at me
I look and see Kate who has suddenly appeared out of nowhere. "Joshua, please, please wake up," I shake him hard until he opens his eyes. Drugged and drowsy he mumbles something, "baby, you have to move," I shout, "baby, move!"
He stumbles to his feet and leans over me, practically crawling across the wall.
"What the fuck! Get back here you little bitch!" Kate screams in anger, "how fucking dare you."
"Leave her alone"
"No, she is the reason we are in this fucking mess, she is the cause of all of this, get back here you bitch." She runs towards me the vengeance in her eyes but before she can, my father lunges at her, grabbing her by the car and forcing her to the ground.
Never in my life have I ever seen my father lose his temper or be violent towards anyone. He pins her to the floor, despite her kicking and screaming and forces his hand over her mouth.
I want to stop him, I cannot let him hurt a woman, can I? I watch as she fights back, wriggling under him as he tries to restrain her. 
I struggle to get Joshua to move him, they have him drugged good. The cart is stuck, and I have no way of wheeling him out.
"Kate, stop!" My father shouts.
I turn and watch, like a movie in slow motion as she lifts something from her boot and plunges it into my father. 
He falls from her onto the floor and looks at me, clutching the large blade sticking out from his body.
"Daddy!" My heart sinks into my stomach! No! As he bleeds out, I feel sick and guilty. I should have run over to stop them, I should have tried to help him, but I stood and watched.
"Look what you made me do," she screams angrily. 
What I made her do? "I didn't do anything you crazy bitch! I was a baby stolen from a crib whilst my parents were murdered, chopped up and consumed. The man who kidnapped me became my father, and yes, he chose me, because that's what a fucking parent does. They choose the child! It's not my fault, I didn't fucking know any of this."
"If it wasn't for your fuck up, none of this would ever have happened, we wouldn't have to do what we did."
Ah yes, it always comes back to that, what I did, the reason my father was caught, the reason my father was arrested. And to hide their precious secret they let him go through a trial alone and then faked his death. 
Without thinking, I lunge at her, pregnant and a bulging belly, I smack her full force in the face. The bitch falls flat on the floor. Her hand covering her face in shock. I kick and kick, hoping the bitch stays down. My mind doesn't wander to my baby, the fact that I am pregnant, all I think of is how angry I am and how much I want her to hurt in all of this.
Rage fuels my adrenaline and without thinking, I stab a knife straight into her heart.






















Chapter 21

Looking at the blood pouring from her chest, I stand in shock. I've killed, again! Am I turning into one of them? 
'No, NO!' Of course not, mine was self-defence, the need to survive.'
Her eyes are wide open, staring into mine. I can't believe I have hurt another human being. She looks so, so sad.
Fuck, I must be just as fucked up as them, looking at her dead, bleeding, lifeless body I actually feel sorry for her.
"Daddy, get up," he stumbles to his feet, his hand clutching his head. 
"What, what the?." He fumbles on his feet looking at Kate lying wide eyed on the floor, "is she, dead?"
"Yes daddy, when there is blood pouring from her chest and she isn't moving that would signal that she's dead. Now, help me with Joshua before others get here, I have to get him out of here."
My father looks at me, like all dad's do when they cannot believe when they can't believe what their child has just done. Yes, that's right daddy, I may not have your gene's but somehow, I have learnt from you!
Without saying a word, he helps me bring Josh to his feet, his eyes barely open to look at me and he gives me a resemblance of a sweet smile. My heart melts, I know he's in there somewhere, under those cuts and bruises and sedation, my man is still there.
My father leads me down a hallway behind the normal parts of the house and down a dark stairway. The walls resemble a hidden passageway I once went saw when I went through the wardrobe.
The walls are cold stone and the floor is wet as if there is a leak somewhere. Its narrow and small and even I must bend down to walk through it.
Coming to the end I look around. I see expensive cars all parked up. Where the hell do they get all their money from? How the hell do they manage to get so many people to consume and why does this never seem to create any red flags? Surely, someone, a neighbour, a spy, a passer-by, can smell the roast of human flesh? It's not fucking normal!
I push Joshua into the nearest car and strap him in. He falls back to sleep.
"Daddy, get in."
He looks at me, hesitant, "You have to leave, I have to stay."
"Wait, what? Daddy I think I'm too big to fit behind the wheel, you have to come to, fuck everyone here, come with me, please."
Why is he hesitant? Why do I get the feeling he doesn't want to come with me?
He runs his hands through hair flowing grey hair and looks at me, "you'll be fine my princess, I have to stay, make sure they don't come after you. Make sure you're free." His hand gently touches my face as tears fill my eyes, "you've grown up to be so beautiful, and I'm so proud of you. I'm sorry I had to put you through this. No matter what, you will always be my beautiful princess."
"Daddy, please don't leave me."
"I'll never leave you, I will always be with you, in your heart, always. When you get free and you manage to stop, open this and read it. Here's money, this will keep you going and in this bag is access to all my bank accounts I had transferred into your name."
I know he's saying goodbye, not just a normal goodbye, you know, the goodbye where I expect to see him later, the goodbye where, I will never see my father again.
Taking the stuff, I look and smile, "I love you daddy,".
He smiles and pulls me into his arms, he squeezes me with all the love he has, "I love you my princess."
I watch his face in the rear-view mirror as I drive away as fast as I can. My heart aches and tears stroll down my face. My daddy is staying, I don't know what to do but Joshua and I are now free. I think, I hope.
I drive through the night unsure of where to go. I can't go back to my house, I'm sure that would be the first place they look and the other house, well, haven't been there since, since those bodies come up. 
I drive as far away from the house as I possibly can until I'm sure that I am a safe distance, and no-one is following me.
Pulling over I take a deep breath, check on Joshua and finally, a part of me relaxes.
I look through the contents of the bag and see bank accounts in my name I never knew existed. Millions of pounds worth of money in there. When did he have time to do this? 
I guess that's a stupid question, he's had months with them whilst I've been held hostage and just lying in a bedroom doing nothing except growing a pregnancy bump.
The envelope my father handed me reads 'read me when you're safe.' Having no patience, I open the letter to see what it is.

My dear princess,

By now, you are free, and my granddaughter is safe. I'm sorry I put you through all this hell and know that all your life I tried to protect you.
The day I saw you, smiling at me in your crib, even though Kate and I had just committed the most awful act, your sweet innocent green eyes looked at me with joy.
I was taken by you from that moment. I never thought of ever being a father. I know what I was part of and deep down inside me I never wanted to bring a child into this. I guess, part of me enjoyed it but as I grew up, I became less and less interested in what the family were doing.
When I took you home, I spent the night with you sleeping on my chest. You mumbled your baby words in your sleep and from then I knew you were my princess. I loved you as if you were my own. Kate, she hated you and I agreed to stay in the family if she left you alone. I was ready to leave the moment I had you. Yes, I stole you, yes, I was meant to kill you, but I couldn't.
Joshua is a good guy, I know, he's helped me. Maybe not the way he had hoped but he did what he can not to be discovered.
The bank account will keep you going for life and there is a house address in the bag. The house is yours; no-one knows it exists. You will be safe.
Know that what I have done I have done to keep you safe and no matter what, I will always be with you.
I love you my little princess.
Dad
X














Chapter 22

What he must do? My heart fills with dread. I cannot leave him, I can't.
I swing the car around and drive back, I have no idea how long I have been driving for or how far away I am. I just drove and drove until I was as far away as possible.
Josh is still in and out of consciousness, his eyes open and look at me and then he drifts back off.
My dad's face when I left was filled with sadness, dread, and determination. What is he planning? 
Seeing a bright light in the distance I feel I am approaching the right house. Flames consume the building and smoke fills the dark skies.
Oh my god! Daddy!
The flames rage out of control, consuming the entire building. There is no-one to be seen outside. No screams. No bodies. I hear the sounds of sirens in the far distance. 
Did my father do this? Did anyone get out alive? What the hell happened?
"Ma'am, are you alright?"
I turn to see a fireman staring at me, the sounds of the sirens fade away and I see his mouth moving. 
"Ma'am, can you hear me, ma'am?"
"We have someone over here" another shouts
I look to see them leaning in the vehicle over Joshua, still in and out of consciousness.
"That's my boyfriend," I mumble, "I, he's, they?." Words fail me.
"Ma'am, I need you to take a seat."
He helps me to the end of the fire engine and sits me on the back. Wrapping me in blanket and giving me oxygen, he looks on me sincerely, "ma'am, I need to know you're alright."
"I'm pregnant, please, check my baby is okay, and Joshua, he, he was drugged, please make sure he is okay, please. My daddy, my daddy is in that house, please, someone help him, oh my god!" I begin to panic as my body goes into shock.

I open my eyes feeling slightly groggy in a white room with monitors surrounding me.
"Miss Dankworth, how are you feeling?"
As I come into focus, I see the detective that once quizzed me over my father once he found all the rotting bodies in our garden. "Detective Hodge, to what do I owe the pleasure of your impromptu visit?"
"How are you feeling Miss Dankworth?"
"Don't Miss Dankworth me, what do you want?"
"Just some routine questions, you have been missing for quite some time. When you failed to show up for your routine therapy sessions, your therapist reported you missing."
"She did?" Wow, I can't believe she cared that much to even notice.
"Yes, we searched your house and found no sign of you, which of course raised concerns, we put out alerts for you, televised requests and yet, nothing turned up."
"Well that's because I wasn't at, that, house. I was, staying elsewhere, which is irrelevant now. And anyway, I don't really have family do I, so why would people be concerned for me, except my therapist, clearly, which, just shows how sad my life really is."
"Right, well, we did all we could to find you, as is our job to. So, do you want to tell me what happened?" His eyes roll over me with suspicion.
"I'm sure a smart detective like you can figure that out," I reply.
"Well, when the emergency services arrived you said your father was in that house, how could that be?"
"I think you know; I mean c'mon, it was your station he was held at when he apparently hung himself, tell me detective, how is it that happened under your supervision?"
He curls up a smile, almost, evil, "I wasn't there, that would have been the normal police officers who guard the cells. Anyway, where is your father now."
"I don't know, did, did anyone make it out alive?"
He stands to his feet, adjusting his blazer, "no, we found several bodies, we're running checks, but it appears everyone in that house, perished."
Oh my god! "And, how, um, how did?."
"It was a deliberate fire, someone poured gasoline all over the outside and by the exists inside, no-one could get out."
I know it was my father, but why? He could have just let me run, no-one knows about the spare house, his letter says so.
He questions me more and more about my capture an escape. I describe to him in detail of how I was kidnapped, what they did to me. As he writes in his notebook, he grumbles and watches me with suspicion, as if the story I am telling him is completely made up.
I leave out the part where I killed two people. I will assume the fire would cover that up and even if they did find the bodies with holes in them, nothing would prove it was done by me, right?
"Okay, well, I think I have everything I need for now, I'm sure if I have any further questions I will know where to find you."
"Miss Dankworth, how are you feeling?" The doctor comes in all perky.
"You get better now Miss Dankworth, we wouldn't want anything to happen to you."
He leaves sending a cold shiver down my spine. Through the trial he was angry and cold with me. 
He never said so but a part of me always thought he blamed me, like he thought maybe I was involved. Something about him always seemed off.
When Joshua reported the death of my father, he was the one that signed off the paperwork of the incident.
For months I saw his smug face watching me as the media painted me as the monster's daughter. 
Not once did he try to protect me from the storm that blew my way, day after day, he just, ignored me. 
He can try and find me next time all he wants. I'm going to leave here, take Joshua and disappear. We deserve happiness.





















Chapter 23

I watch as the doctor checks my blood pressure, takes some notes and feels the baby, "so, all seems good here, how are you feeling?"
"Um, I feel fine I guess, although I'm still a bit unsure as to what I'm doing here in the first place."
"You had a panic attack, and for the sake of you and your pregnancy we sedated you to calm you down. However, all your bloods are good, the baby is healthy and around the right size for your third trimester."
"Well I'm about seven to eight months pregnant, so, all is okay? My baby is going to be okay?"
He smiles with confidence, "yes, your baby is fine, and you are also well enough to be discharged."
I sigh a breath of relief, "what about Joshua? Where is he? Is he okay?"
"Mr Archer is doing well; we will be keeping him in for observation but all going well he should be discharged tomorrow."
I dare ask any more questions, I bet they felt something suspicious when they found out how many drugs were in Joshua's system.
"Is it okay if I see him?"
"Of course," he smiles, "I'll sort your discharge papers and the nurse will direct you to his room."
I walk slowly down the corridor of the hospital. I look around me, wondering if this is really it, wondering if we are really free. I have dreamt of this moment for months, longing for the moment I can again feel the sand between my toes and the smell of the ocean air, just because it was my option to go to the beach. Because I was free to make that choice. To go to a restaurant and have a meal of my choosing, feeling the wine tickle my taste buds as I devour the food.
As I approach the room, I watch quietly as he lies so still, sleeping so soundly as he always did.
His eyes open slowly, and he graces me with a beautiful smile from ear to ear. I once again see that sparkle in his eyes, as if the stars of the night sky fill them.
"Hey you," I smile.
"Hey baby. Come here."
I approach the bed and climb beside him, snuggling him close and tight as if it were the last hug we would share. It's simple moments like this I have missed the most.
I have had my doubts about Joshua since learning who he truly was, but he has shown me more dedication and love in these troubling few months than I could dream of.
When I thought he was cold and distant, I believed it to be the end of us, that he had gone back to be with them, that he had chosen to destroy me. 
"Are you ok?" He mumbles kissing my forehead tenderly.
"Yes, doctor has checked over me and baby and has said we're both fine and that we can go home."
"Good," he smiles, "whatever was inside me and making me so drowsy seems to be easing off now, still feel tired though."
"Did they say what it was?"
"um, I think they did, but I was so out of it I can't remember what they said, only the sound of their voices in the room with me. Rayne," he says painfully, "I'm so sorry about everything that's happened to you. I tried to keep you safe, I tried to protect you from the horrors of my past, I never thought Kate would go to those extremes. I'm sorry I lied to you, I should have told you the truth, but I was scared, scared to lose you. Imagine telling the person you love the most that you come from a family who practice cannibalism."
"Yeah, I would have run a mile if I'm being honest," I lift my head and kiss his cheek, letting him know I'm here to stay.
"Being around them after meeting you, I finally saw what we did was so, wrong. I never saw it like that before, all my life that's how it was, I never knew different. But then, I met you, you showed me what real love was, how to feel, how to be, human, and I saw, I saw all the wrongfulness of their ways. Thank you."
I look up at him confused, "thank you? For what?"
"For saving me," he tears.
I gently run my fingers through his messy unshaven beard and pull him in for a kiss.
I feel that electric running through my body as his lips touch mine and I know, this is my Joshua.
"We'll be okay now, it's me and you our daughter," I whisper caressing his face. "And when you're better, we'll go somewhere and start afresh, where that asshole of a detective cannot find us.
"Detective?" He questions concerningly.
"Yeah, that Detective Hodge came by to ask me loads of questions about you, the fire and me missing and things. He didn't seem very concerned; he seems annoyed and suspicious of me really. Kind of ticked me off I'm being honest."
"Hodge?"
"Yeah, you know the detective that was there the day all those bodies were discovered in my garden. He was the one who delayed the response team, he was the one hovering around my father like a fly and giving me evils as if I committed the crime, oh, and the one who told me father died."
"Rayne," he sits up and looks at me fearfully, "where is he now? Is he around?"
"Um, no, he spoke to me and then took off, why? What's wrong?
He's body language and look on his face concerns me. Still a bit drowsy, he tries to climb out of bed.
"what are you doing?"
"We have to go now!"
I try and calm him and pull him back on the bed but being stronger than me he gets up. Stumbling to his feet he looks around the room and grabs his belongings.
"Rayne, I'm serious we need to go now."
"You need to tell me what's going on first, and you're not in a fit state to go anywhere yet. What's the hurry, what is going on?"
He almost tipples over trying to get dressed, I try to stop him, but he is determined.
"I'm not going anywhere until you tell me what's wrong," stubbornly, I stand still, arms folded and annoyed at his actions.
He looks at me, taking a deep breath and trying to regain his balance, "that detective, he's my father's brother. He's one of them."
















Chapter 24

His father's brother! Is he fucking kidding me? My mouth drops open in shock, one of them. No, surely not, right?
"Look, we can stay here and debate this or we can leave now before he comes back and takes us back to that house."
Oh no, he doesn't remember, if I tell him will he be upset, or glad, "Um, don't you know?"
He looks at me, "know what?"
"um, baby, it's gone, the house, everyone inside, gone. My dad, he, well, burned it to the ground, they all died."
He goes from being in a hurry to sheer panic, "then he will definitely come for us, grab your shit and let's go."
I grab my bag and we head out of the hospital as fast as we can. Checking Joshua out we drive away. 
The sun is shining high in the sky and the grey clouds are shifting. I try to think of my happy place whilst trying to process the information. It makes sense, why he was so mad at me, why he never tried to protect me as a normal detective would.
Joshua slumps in the passenger seat, still groggy from the effects of the drugs, "Joshua, it doesn't make sense, his last name is Hodge, yours is Archer, so if he's your fathers brother, why are your surnames different, assuming you are named after your father?"
"Rayne, my middle name is Archer, Hodge is my family name. I didn't want to be seen in my father's shadows, I wanted to be a man on my own, so I used Archer instead and then I changed it legally."
The problems in my life just seem to get worse and worse. I drive away as quickly as I can, trying to find somewhere safe. As Joshua nods back off to sleep, dread fills my body. What the hell is going to happen to us now? Just when I thought it was over, it isn't. 
My father's letter stated no-one knew about the house, or the money, so if I go there, will he find us? Will we be living in fear for the rest of our lives afraid that one day, he will seek his revenge?
Pulling over at a rest area. I breathe, trying to control my emotions and not let them take over me. If I do, I will break, and I don't think I will be able to pull myself back up.
"Baby, wake up."
Josh opens his eyes and looks around, "are we safe?" he mumbles.
"Um, yeah, I think so, I don't know where we are, I just drove and took random directions, there's a café over there, we should get some food and make a plan to go to the house my father set us up with."
"And you trust that it's safe?"
His question puts doubt in my mind, how do I know my father was telling the truth? The bank account does have enough money according to the paperwork, and it is in my name and so is the bank card which looks brand new and never used. So why should I doubt him?
"Your silence tells me something is up, maybe we should check it out first, quietly, before we rush in there."
I nod my head, "yeah, I suppose." My belly grumbles loudly, "please can we get some food first, I'm really hungry."

Sitting at the table, for the first time in a long time I feel a sense of normality. Joshua chugs down the coffee as if he's never tasted it before.
The smell of the burgers fills my senses and all I want to eat is bacon, and burger, and sausages, and greasy food to satisfy my suddenly intense cravings for meat.
As I chow the burger as if I've never eaten before, my mind drifts as to why I'm suddenly craving meat and I stop. Is my baby one of them? Does it feel the need to devour meat?
"Baby, are you okay" Josh asks with a mouthful of fries.
"All this meat, I want it, I feel I need it, do you think, the baby, is she?."
"No," he smiles swallowing the large amount of chewed up food, "you're pregnant, and eating this type of meat is normal, you need to stop worrying so much, it's not good for you or her. Now eat up."
Yeah, he's right. I know it's normal to eat this, why does my mind stray to such questions and thoughts? I suppose now would be a good time to visit the therapist, such trauma in the last few months would explain my fucked-up thinking.
I know what she would say, in her motherly tone as she always did, that it wasn't my fault and I've been through so much. I can almost hear her voice in my head and see her sweet smile that always made me feel at ease.
"Penny for your thoughts?" Joshua pipes up, looking more alert and awake.
"Just thinking, about things that have happened over the last two years, where we are now."
"We will be fine," he smiles reassuringly as he gently strokes his thumb over my hand, "no matter what, I will keep you and our daughter safe."
I smile and shake my head at his words, he didn't keep me safe the first time, what makes him so sure he can keep me safe now?
"You don't believe me, do you."
I look at him with curiosity, curling up my lips in a small smile, "and what makes you say that?"
"I've known you for a long time, I know that look on your face, I promise, nothing will harm you ever again."

As we head towards the car, a strange feeling comes over me. A feeling I've had before, when everyone would whisper about me as I walked by, I felt their eyes gazing into the back of my head. I feel it in the pit of my stomach, someone is watching me.
Josh walks so confidently, standing tall and proud as if happy and ease, how can he feel so calm? We are not yet free; we have a crazy human eating detective after us.
"I miss the smell of fresh air," he raises is arms as if embracing the cold breeze that surrounds us.
I try to embark in the same happiness but something in my gut stops me. The wind blows passed in an eerie cold way, am I being paranoid?
We slip into the car, Joshua gazing out of the window at the world with a smile from ear to ear, but suddenly, fear fills me.
As I look up to pull away, I see him in the rear few mirror, "scream and it will be the last sound you ever make, drive now."
Oh fuck!














Chapter 25

Joshua jumps and turns, as he raises his fist, Detective Hodge lifts a large knife, "yeah, think before you act, one move wrong and I plunge this into her heart, comprende?"
I drive as instructed, keeping my eyes on the road, focused, my mind wandering into how the fuck we are going to get out of this. I feel the tip of knife pressing into my back through the car seat. 
My baby moves around inside me, completely unaware that her life is in danger. Oh baby! I will try and keep you safe, I will do what I can to get us out of this, just hang tight little one, we will be safe, I promise.
"So, after years of you rising, working to be an Elder, you throw it all away for this?" He giggles behind me, "I mean, yeah she's pretty and all but is she truly worth all of this?"
"You hurt her, and I swear I will kill you!"
"Oh, macho Joshua stepping up, what's so special about this one huh? Out of all the girls you've ever been with, this is the one you fuck it all up for?"
Josh turns and looks at him angrily, "those women were nothing, psycho women with nothing better trying to climb the fucking ladder in the family by using me. Don't you fucking see what we did was wrong? We killed people Matthew, killed fucking human beings for our own consumption! You sick fuck, when will you open your fucking eyes and realise that!" Josh snaps.
I feel the knife removed from my back and hear him moving in the back seat. I keep my eyes on the road, staying focused, pretending not to listen to their conversation.
I feel if I give in and say something I will breakdown. For the sake of my baby I must stay strong and figure a way out of this.
I can't help but wonder, is he the last one? Is there more of them? If we get rid of him will more come after me?
"You think you're better than us now huh?" He leans in between the both of us and looks at me, "did you know Joshua here, the pretty boy you love so much once stabbed a girl through the chest right after he fucked her? Then pulled out her heart and ate it whilst still inside her?"
Vomit fills my mouth; I knew Joshua had done some bad things in his past, but I never thought of something so sickening.
"I will take your silence and that painful look on your face that you didn't know what our boy was capable of."
I don't look at Josh who I can see staring at me from the corner of my eye, "baby, don't listen to him, I was a different person then, you know me, you know my heart."
"Oh pipe down Romeo, nothing you do now will change what you have done, no matter how much you think you're good or how much you believe you have changed, those desires will always be inside you." He mumbles something under his breath and leans backwards as if lounging, "turn here and follow till the end of the road."
I do as instructed, trying to get those vile images out of my head of Joshua fucking another girl and eating her heart. 
I pull up at a large barn, the only lights are the ones coming from the car. This is it; this is where we die!
"Get out, both of you, and one wrong move, I'll slit your throats," he looks at me with a serious look, "and you will be the first, move!"
Walking towards the barn with a knife pressed against my back, I look around and see nothing nearby.
Under the moonlit starry sky, the land is a dark shade of grey as the night sky shines down. I'm sure in the day the land would look beautiful but at night, it looks eerie and bare.
As we walk into the barn, it seems familiar. I've seen the portraits that are nailed to wood, the weird symbols, it looks like a ritual room. Wait, they had one of these in the house.
"This is where is all began" Matthew says joyfully, "many years ago when the first Elder sacrificed a local woman and promised that each generation of his family would continue in his footsteps in exchanged for a life of wealth and fortune. As he ate her heart and consumed her blood, the story says a strange light passed through him and he knew his desires would be granted. And as the family grew, each generation made a pledge to keep the promise made for the life of wealth and fortune that we receive."
"You're just as crazy as the rest of them," I mumble, "a psychopath created a monster and then forced his family for generations to follow him? What the, I mean, what if you didn't want to? What if a guy wanted to marry outside of the family, what then?"
"Oh, sweet innocent little girl," he laughs, "trust me, with the amount of money the family accumulated over the years, everyone was more than willing, it's how they were brought up from birth, and anyone who married into the family either accepted our way, or died."
"Don't you get it," Joshua snaps, "you're it, you're the last one, it's over."
He lunges at Joshua holding the knife to his throat. Joshua is a big boy, but he does nothing, he doesn't retaliate, I guess in fear that Matthew could do something to me or the baby.
"You are a fucking fool; you think I cannot continue? You know as well I do that there is always someone willing to join the family and look," he looks at me and smirks, "you have a fresh on there, and I'm sure I can raise her into being one of us."
Before I can think or even respond, Joshua punches Matthew in the face forcing him to the floor.
"Joshua, stop!" I scream scared for not only my life but his too.
They engage in a fight. Joshua has him pinned to the floor as the struggle for the knife continues.
"Rayne get out of here now! Joshua struggles to scream as Mathew clenches his hands around his throat.
I couldn't bear to leave him; I didn't leave him in that house, and I will not leave him now!
I scramble around trying to find something to help but all I see is useless old junk, covered in dust and sheets.
"You fucking bastard, you murdered your whole family for that fucking bitch," Matthew shouts as I hear him thump Joshua in the face.
"He didn't, my fucking father did, get off him," I scream keeping a distance and feeling utterly useless.
"You will pay for this!" Matthew screams
"And so will you!" Joshua snaps back.
I turn to grab something and then, suddenly, silence.











Chapter 26

Scared, I turn to see both men laying on the floor. Matthew's head is weirdly contorted, and Joshua lies on the floor, his arms over his stomach.
"Baby, are you okay?" I kneel beside him looking over at Matthew who has had his neck snapped.
Oh my god! He's been stabbed. Blood is all over his abdomen, I press down trying to stop it as tears roll down my eyes.
"Why didn't you run," he mumbles.
"I couldn't leave you; I love you." I sit him up and pull him into my arms, "c'mon baby, get up please, you did it, we're free. This is what we wanted, we won, baby, we won."
"Yeah my love," he smiles softly, "we won, but now, my angel, you have to leave, you're free now. Go, live happily," he places his hand over my bump, "she's a wriggler, and she will be just as beautiful as you, go, and look after our daughter."
Flood of tears fall down my face, "baby please, I cannot do this without you, how will our daughter ever know how wonderful her father was if you're not there. You promised to stay with me, please, baby, please."
He struggles to smile as his eyes seem sleepy, "you're going to be a wonderful mother, you can do this, you're braver than you think and stronger than you know, just, don't let our daughter know about, this."
I hold him close to me as his blood runs over my body. Rocking him slowly I am unable to stop crying as I know, I'm losing the man I love.
As I hold him in my arms, feeling his warmth against me for the last time, I think back of our life together.
It wasn't always bad. In fact, it was wonderful. I don't have a single bad memory of the time we spent together before everything blew up like a bomb!
"I love you," I whisper kissing his forehead.
He gives me a soft smile and I know in his eyes he is telling me to leave.
"He will be found and when he is you cannot be here, go and live the life with our baby that we always planned," his voice begins to slur."
I nod, lowering him slowly to the floor and back away. I watch as his eyes are fixated on mine.
I'm leaving the love of my life bleeding to death on the floor and there is nothing I can do to save him. 
I walk out of the barn, into the chilly night air and look up at the stars, cursing god and falling to the ground in tears! How could god do this to me, how could he take him away from me!
C'mon Rayne, pull yourself up, you have a baby to think about, get away from here, get somewhere safe and look after her.
Hearing the voice in my head, I pull myself up get in the car and drive off.
When I was little, I never dreamt this is how my life would turn out. I was a princess, my daddy's princess. I had everything I could ever want; I was so happy.
I thought, maybe, I would grow up, meet someone, fall in love, have a family, grow old, have grandchildren, and die, happily in my sleep after living such a wonderful life.
Maybe I was so naive, sweet, and innocent minded. I did have those things, I met someone fantastic, I fell in love and now I have a daughter, growing inside me. 
It partially come true, I guess. If I hadn't found out the truth about Joshua, his family and, well, been kidnapped, I suppose, we would have lived happily ever after.
Pulling over on the side of the road. I catch my breath and only just notice the sun has come up. I'm tired and my eyes feel heavy. In the back of the car is still the bag with all the things my father told me would set me up for life. 
Finding a nearby hotel, I stroll in, exhausted, hungry, I stumble into reception as if drunk and collapse on the floor.

I open my eyes, surrounded by people and a woman stroking my forehead, "my gosh darling, are you alright?"
"Um, yes, I'm fine, I was just wanting a room, what happened?" I look around at the crowd of people staring at me.
The lady pulls me up, "you sure dear, would you like us to call a doctor?" She asks, looking at my bump. "You know, you must look after yourself in your delicate condition.
"No, please, I just want a room and some food." Last thing I thought of as I walked in here was everything that had happened, it was as if everything flashed before my eyes, my happiness to my sadness to my trauma and I felt, faint. 
Before I could ask for help, the room swirled around me everything went so dark. Thank god there were lovely people around to help me.
They kindly take me to a room, carrying the one single bag I have come with, "would you like anything else miss?"
"Um, just some food please, burgers, chips, sausages, all of those on a plate please."
I fall on the bed and stare silently at the ceiling. This is it; this is my life now. Just me and my baby and after chowing down the food kindly brought to me by the staff, I fall into sleep.
'A body was discovered today in the abandoned Hodge barn. Police were alerted to body after a local landowner spotted the lights on in the barn that has not been used for many years. The local landowner went to the deserted barn thinking he would find squatters, but to his horror, he stumbled on the dead body.'
I wake to see the news on the TV, reporters outside the barn, police cars, flashing lights, oh my god! They found him.
The body has been identified as one of their own, Detective Matthew Hodge. Matthew Hodge, the Detective in the famous Dankworth murders, had not shown up for his normal shift last night, causing concern among the force. Police have no leads in this gruesome murder which left the Detective with a snapped neck. Police are now asking if anyone has seen anything, or may have any information, to call the number on the bottom of the screen.'
Wait, did she say, only one body has been found? That's not right, Joshua was left there. Where is his body?
I watch as the story unfolds and out of the barn emerges just one body on a stretcher and loaded into the van. Oh Joshua, what happened to you?













Chapter 27

'Push Miss Dankworth push, I can see the head, you're doing great, keep going. Push as hard as you can.'
Screams fill the air as I push as hard as I can, feeling as though my vagina is being ripped in two and set on fire as the baby feels like she is pulling my uterus out with her.
'That's it Miss Dankworth, one big push, you can do this, push, baby is almost here.'
I breathe, and as the room falls silent, I hear the small sounds of a baby's cries.
'Here you go, your beautiful baby girl.'
I hold her in my arms and look into her beautiful, odd eyes, one green eye, one blue. Odd, but beautiful.
'She looks just like you,' the nurse smiles.
'No,' I smile in awe of her, 'she looks like her father,' I stroke her cheek gently, feeling her soft baby skin.
'And what were you thinking of naming the little one?'
Looking at her, there is only one name that comes to mind, 'Jensen, I'm going to call her Jensen Archer'
"Mummy, wake up, I'm hungry and so is Sally," a sweet voice shakes me awake.
I open my eyes to see my beautiful curl, staring at me with her mis-coloured eyes and flowing curly strawberry blonde locks, "I'm sorry sweetheart, Mummy was dreaming."
She pulls on my arm with what tiny little strength she has with a smile from ear to ear. 
It's been nearly three years since we made our escape, and my father was right. The house is beautiful, secluded and the money has been of major help. 
I had my doubts, wondered if my father was tricking me into another trap but, when I got here, I knew, it was just as he said, and he was doing in death what he done in life. Protecting me.
"Mummy, Sally wants her food."
I look down at the dog, glaring at me with her sweet puppy dog eyes, "ok sweetie, let's get up and feed you and Sally."
Jensen and that dog are attached at the hip. She fell in love with the dog as soon as she laid eyes on her. It's only been a year and Jensen takes her everywhere.
It's cute but sometimes annoying, we go to the shop and we must take the dog, bath time, dog comes, bedtime, dog comes.
Handing her a bowl of her favourite cereal, I watch and smile as she shares her cheerios with the dog. Yes, it's disgusting but hey, kids will be kids.
I look at her sweet smiling face, she's so happy, oblivious to how she nearly never made it into this, or how she was to be stolen from me at birth and raised into a horror family.
She looks just like Joshua, her eyes sparkle when she's happy, just like his and sometimes, when I look at her, my heart aches. I never did find out what happened to him, I look at all those stories but all they were was reports on Detective Hodge. 
He was praised as a hero, if only they knew the truth. It sickens me how people cried over a man who took part in murders and consumed them thinking it was their given right, because of something some crazy person did many, many, many years before.
I wondered, after Jensen was born, if we were truly safe. Curiosity got the better of me and I drove back to that place, risking my life if anyone would see me, or had survived. Not that I heard anything to the contrary, but I had to see, I had to know if there were more of them.  
As I arrived at the place where the house once stood, there it was, the house. There was clear damage caused by the fire and most of the house had crumbled to the ground. Only small parts remained.
I searched what I could gain access to, just checking if there were anymore of them out there, and I guess, well, I'm sure there are but I found nothing, so I gave up and moved on.
"Mummy, why do you look sad?"
"Mummy isn't sad sweetie, just, thinking is all," I take a sip of my coffee and show her a soft smile.
I try and not look as sad around her, just, Josh would have loved being a father. He would have doted on his daughter so much, just as much of a daddy's princess as I was. 
"What do you say you and I take Sally to the park today?"
"Yes mummy," she jumps up excited and runs upstairs "I'm going to get dressed."
"Okay, wait for mummy," I smile and follow her, helping her dress herself, even though she likes to pretend she can do it alone. Her mis-matched socks and pants on back to front are always cue for a little giggle, but bless her, she tries.
The sun shines high in the sky and the wind blows a light summer breeze. The smell of freshly cut grass tickles my nose and causes me to sneeze.
"Miss Archer," I hear my name being called, I turn to see my nosey neighbour quickly walking towards me.
"Mrs Brogue," I try to stop the automatic eye roll and force a smile, "are you okay?"
"Oh yes dear, but I wanted to have a word with you. I went to your house and of course you weren't there but a little birdie told me you and sweet little Jensen were at the park," she smiles connivingly. 
And by little birdie, she means Mr Jones across the road who she bullies into telling him anything, funny, our houses are a fair distance apart but yet, she manages to know everyone's business "well, you found me, is everything okay?"
"Yes dear, just checking if you had any thought about that god-awful tree in your back yard."
"Mrs Brogue," I sigh annoyed, "I know you don't like the tree in my garden, but it is in my garden and if I choose to get rid of it, it will be my choice so until then, you go about your business and stay out of mine." I turn and walk away. I get she's a sweet old lady but my god she can be annoying. 
As we arrive home, Jensen runs off to play with Sally as she always does. I plan dinner as I always do until she stands still in front of the door.
"Sweetheart, what are you staring at?"
"Mummy," she calls out, a little fear in her voice, "who is that man looking at me?"
What is she on about? Feeling just as nervous but trying to be brave for her, I walk towards the main door of the house and look through the glass.
Mouth open and touching the floor, words escape me, "oh my god, Joshua?"
"Miss Archer huh? Nice name change" he smiles.
"How the fuck are you? where have you, what the?"
"I managed to get out and get safe, it took me a while to find you once I was better and, I had to make sure you were safe, like I promised."
"Mummy," Jensen clutches shyly at my legs.
Joshua looks at her, tears welling up in his eyes, "I promise, I will explain everything, but for now, I want to hold my girls."
I look at Jensen and then back at Joshua, "sweetie, this is your daddy."
I hold back the tears as he pulls us both into his arms and breaks, holding us lovingly and tightly, examining his daughters face and mine.
As much as he has some serious explaining to do, I can't help but think, maybe I will get my happy ending after all.




