Lake Texoma’s Paying Guest by Divya Singh

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced in any form or by any electronic or mechanical means-except in the case of brief quotations embodied in the articles or reviews-without written permission of the author.

Copyright © 2016 by Divya Singh. All rights reserved.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, businesses, companies, events or locales is entirely coincidental.
Copyright © 2016 by Divya Singh
All rights reserved.
Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
 







Lake Texoma’s Paying Guest

Prologue
Sally’s weary eyes find a vent in the basement; the only thing that could connect her to the outer world. She’s delirious and looks around if she is still being watched. She is assured that there is nobody around. She tries to get up and totters on her unsteady feet. It’s not just hunger that has weakened her rather it’s the wound that she had endured through this adventurous life. Her leg was badly injured the other day when she had accidentally tripped over something and fell down through the wooden planks in the wall of that dark room and then to this horrible basement. There is much less of daylight the left. She adjusts her eyes in the darkness around her to find a stool which she places beneath the vent on which she climbs to reach the vent. The mist in the horizon is crimson red. There are streaks of puffy clouds and the color must have been a reflection thereof from the Lake’s water.
Red is the color of love; the love her mother always had in her heart for her; the love Josh had sown in her heart forever; the redder it gets with the setting sun, the more gloom it fills in her heart. She is saddened by the absence of her loved ones. She is saddened by the fact of her loneliness and her helplessness.
Occasionally, Red is also the color of blood. The blood she barely could stand the sight of; the nauseating blood, indicating the loss of life; the color which maddens most and drives a few crazy. The color of blood she is really afraid of.
It has been over a month and a half in this place she thought of, as being a paradise once. Does she regret coming to this place so impulsively? Is this the liberty she chose for herself or was this an excuse for getting rid of her mother and others? Nevertheless, she is now all alone on her own, cut off from the rest of the world, stuck in these filthy ‘Chambers’. She is hungry, tired and injured, yet sleep doesn’t come to her. Fear doesn’t open the doors to sleep when it knocks her eyelids.
“My daughter doesn’t need to be afraid in life”, mom’s words reverberated in her mind; one drop of an adamant tear broke off from her eyes. “I am scared mom! I am so sorry”, she sobbed with her head bent downwards. She remembers the tough grip of her single mother on her wrist the day the school teacher called her to complain about Sally’s mischief. Gertrude took her by her hand all out of the school once and forever. She remembers the teacher saying, “She is undisciplined and wild. She doesn’t fear the punishment at all”.
‘Wild’, ‘Adamant’ and ‘Undisciplined’, Sally stabilized herself and uttered these words as if she was telling herself about who she was and who she needed to be at the moment. Where had she lost her those brave traits? What could she have done to escape being this captive she had become? She was certain of the fact that she was never trained to face these butchers.
As the sun vanished in the horizon and the crimson turned violet like the color of the dead, she climbed down on her wound and a shriek escaped her mouth. Tears welled up in her eyes as she put the face of her palm on her mouth so that nobody heard her cries.
As her eyes began adjusting to the growing darkness, she looked around to find something, anything which would help her escape her misery. Then, she heard footsteps from the ground floor above and stood rock steady trying not to make a noise…..
 
Two months ago: when things were different
Sally was sitting in the assembly room, waiting for her turn. She looked at her watch, “11:35 am. Gosh, this girl is being thoroughly tested!” She was a little confused as a blonde candidate was being interviewed in a marathon session for over 30 minutes now. Gregg and Gertrude who could be seen from the window gestured her ‘thumbs up’ from outside. This was their last interaction before they set out to search for a rental room for her in the vicinity.
“Sally Brown!” She had been called for the interview.
Sally got up with confidence and pulled down her dress to straighten the creases and hair in the reflection of a door and switched her phone off. She walked straight into the interview room.
After 20 minutes of the interview, Sally was still sitting confident and much happier than before. “Miss Brown, I like your confidence. It’s the last question. Tell me why exactly you are suitable for this job?” Mr. Mark asked his question.
“Sir, because I am determined and iron-willed, I have always achieved the goals set ahead of me. The truth is my shield. I am stubborn…..” She noticed sudden change in the expressions on faces inside the room which forced her to clarify further. “I am stubborn and I achieve success after having worked hard. I improvise under pressure situations and tend to be more target-oriented. I believe in myself, but only myself.” She looked back at Mr. Mark and then looked out of the window towards the sunshine which illuminated the green freshly mown grass. “I am the only child of my single mother. Life has hardened me by throwing rocks at me.” She looked back into Mr. Mark’s eyes. “I don’t back off or break down easily. In fact I don’t need your job to prove that to myself, because I am me and I am answerable just to myself. I set my standards higher than anyone else’ so that all others’ look puny before mine.” Some eyes bent and others met another in the room. Certainly, not everybody liked her.
Sally switched her phone on and made a call to her mother. “Hello?” Mom at the other end; “I have been selected for the job, mom!” Sally yelped sitting at the canteen. “Oh my God, Sals! Congrats my baby!” Gertrude couldn’t be happier. “But, we couldn’t find a room for you yet. I am sorry for sharing this.” Gertrude sighed at the other end. “It’s okay guys, let’s just celebrate today! We will get this done soon.”
 









Chapter 1: The introduction and the face of paradise
Sally was looking for a room beside Lake Texoma as the date for her joining the new office in Denison was coming closer. Within a couple of minutes of her workplace was this wonderful water body and no force on earth could stop her from living by its side.
Everything was falling perfectly into place; a reputed job for a college girl and the amazing Lake to live by. The only thing to think about was the distance but these minutes in between the two places were nothing for her.
Soon enough good became better and she found a room in Dr. Albert Chambers’ incredible mansion. What an amazing place was this? A stunning marble home with seemingly endless stretches of garden and groves sprawling across some 20 majestic acres! It wasn’t close to the biggest chunk of land she had ever known of being owned by someone, but still its enormity and more significantly, its beauty was incomparable to anything she had ever seen.
Sally was the only child of her single mother, Gertrude, who never wanted her daughter to work in a place this far from their little place, to call sweet home; a flat in Galveston.
But Sally, who had never met her father or perhaps never needed to, was a strong little girl who was declared insanely adamant by the most whom she had ever met. But now, she was a grown up young ambitious lady who was educated in University. She wanted to be on her own and fly out of the little nest her mother had built to stand upright on her feet and support her mom back.
Love was on her mind and to find it, she must be exploring life more! When the job in Denison was offered to her she was not happy because it was her first job, rather, she was happy because the place was less populated, greener and away from brackish waters she hated.
She had to join her IT trainee job profile, on 10th April, i.e. 5 days from now. Packing was all done; actually, there was nothing to pack. She had planned on buying new clothes and personal care products; there wasn’t anything she needed to carry with her except her documents and certificates.
The place wasn’t exactly new to her as her senior friends Gregg and Clara had been there the previous year and had narrated the story of their first trip as a couple some 50 nauseating times. Clara spoke too little but she was kind and truthful at heart. Gregg was a nutty and mischievous dude, who hated to remain silent. Sally was still assessing their relationship compatibility.
Gregg’s dad, Cedric was pretty protective of Sally as a father figure and it had been him who had supported her through her studies and had been a constant source of motivation to her.
On 10th, her mom and Cedric came to see her off. She was expecting Gregg, but she was told that he drank all day long and was throwing up in a hangover.
“Don’t forget to take proper meals on time. You know, breakfast is the nutritional foundation of your day, so do not skip it!” mom’s ordering voice stuttered with a little worry. Sally nodded in agreement.
She looked at Cedric who seemed like wanting to say something to her. “You will meet guys and they might…..you know that!”
Sally, “Yeah… I uh, I understand. I will be on a lookout!”
“I hope soon I will be coming over there.” Gertrude swallowed the pain of being left alone. “Don’t you forget to call me twice a day”, and she hugged her daughter. Sally smiled and looked at her mother’s contorting face, and then she settled and grabbed some air. Sally pacified her mother a bit, “I love you, mom!”
Cedric’s waving hand and mom’s words, “I love you, my all grown up baby! I love you so much! My God knows, I do!” are the last things that will now remain fresh in her memory; which are going to be her strength in Texoma.
 
 





Chapter 2: New place, new people
Sally was dragging her almost empty baggage on the road, where the cab driver had left her. Awestruck by the beauty of what her sight beheld she made a way to the pitch black wrought iron gates of the Chambers’ Mansion.
But she was taken aback by a shrill noise of honking! She still hadn’t crossed the road and a cab with tourists waving at her in delight passed her by. She smiled while waving back at them and thought to herself about how fortunate she had been.
She had bagged a lucrative IT job at a reputed corporate before she even had acquired the degree. Then was this, amazing tourist spot to live by. This house was not just a house, one had to be filthy rich to have owned 20 acres in a place like this and she was going to taste that affluence living with the Chambers.
Last, but not the least, she had gotten rid of saline moisture daub on her skin which constantly emanated from the ocean and salty sea water which people flock over like crazy from the whole of the country. There was no point of crowding the beaches. Litter follows the folks and disrupts the otherwise peaceful environments.
So, she was here in a new world where she will flap her wings and strive for her first flight.
A cool breeze was blowing probably coming from Lake Texoma! Inside in her mind, she wished to escape to the water and lie down to relax on the green grass somewhere and………
The gatekeeper suddenly opened the gates. They made squealing noise as if time had tested poor things which bent a little steeper towards the earth approaching the center.
The gatekeeper got up from his enclosure and walked up to Sally, “Who are you, miss? You are standing before the Chambers’ Mansion for too long! It’s about time we talked!”
“Gosh, he is really a tall dark guy, I better speak up or I will be sentenced to death. It’s a scary situation!” Sally walked in and thought to herself. “Err, um….Sally! I am going to be a Paying Guest here. I have had an agreement on staying here……um, with the Chambers, yes.” She finally managed to utter meaningful words.
The gatekeeper, “Look, miss, we don’t have visitors here. If you need to see them there is a proper office some half a mile from here. This is a private property and you are not allowed. Entry here is not allowed. I can’t let you in, sorry!”
Sally stuttered, “But you opened the gates……”
The gatekeeper, “Have you noticed the board yet? It’s painted white and fonts are in red. It reads – Private property: Do not stand aloof”
Sally was still nodding in disbelief…..
“Who is the girl? Let her in!” A woman about 40 was walking towards her. She wore a pink sweatshirt and white pants with flip flops. Her first look and a pleasant smile instantly won over Sally’s heart, more so because she was her savior for the moment.
“Sally Brown is it?” She walked up to the place where Sally stood and pointed her right index finger towards her. “Yes, it’s Sally Brown, here ma’am. I have arrived on time to take the possession of my rental room, but this guy is not allowing me in”. The woman stared hard at the gatekeeper and frowned. Sally triumphantly looked at the gatekeeper who had almost bent his eyes, either out of respect for the woman or out of shame on misbehaving with Sally.
“Hi, Sally! I am Nancy Chambers, Albert’s wife. You are welcome to our home. Please do not mind Julian’s over-zealous nature of justifying his duties. He is really good and sincere boy!” Nancy gestured Julian to carry Sally’s baggage.
Sally was clearly overwhelmed with the grand welcome she was receiving now in contrast to what she had 5 minutes ago. The tall dark and hostile man, Julian was carrying her belongings. But it was not what mattered now to her; rather she looked at Nancy Chambers.
Slightly full face with surgically perfected features; her smile was reassuring and instilled confidence in the girl’s soul. Blonde locks swinging below her shoulders with her flashing pearly whites; prosperity reflected from the luminous woman walking on her left.
‘Nancy is good and charming! I instantly liked her….’ Sally was going down the lane a little too drastically. But what harm has ever come from being impressed by a woman? After all, they are respected people in the area. They are famous and popular in the vicinity.
After a few steps and consuming moments of admiration, Sally stopped all stunned. Nancy noticed this and looked back to see Sally staring the little garden at her left with a smile. Nancy turned around and walked back to her.
“There is a garden with a pond over there! ……and flowers. Incredible!” Sally exclaimed happily. “We also have swings and topiaries and trees, you haven’t even seen a thing yet. Now let’s go inside Sally”, Nancy informed her.
The cobblestone path led them to a grand three-story building with walls having pale-brown elevation tiles. It was mesmerizingly beautiful. Sally was enchanted and her naïve smile stayed permanently on her full lips.
Big black doors opened and Nancy led her to a grand central hall with a domed ceiling, representing the architecture of medieval periods. Trendy or not, but this whole building must have cost them millions of bucks to be built. But it certainly was a castle. Sally was feeling a little out of place now. This much affluence wouldn’t let her live normally and comfortably.
“I must say your house is unbelievably marvelous Mrs. Chambers!” Sally exclaimed.
Nancy turned back to look at a distracted Sally, “This building cost us a good fortune. You can relax here on the couch while Julian will place your luggage in your room. While I will have to leave for……”
“I will love to go and see my room and rest there if there is no problem.” Sally resisted the urge to jump on the couch somehow and offered to take possession of the rented room.
Nancy looked at her sternly, as if Sally had committed some sort of crime defying the ground rules set into motion by her. There was something wrong about the way she looked at her. Sally for the first time noticed that Nancy could frown too, but she wasn’t a bit scared.
“Take her to her room Julian, 4th, first floor, on the right”, she nearly shouted out to Julian while looking Sally in the eye. Sally wasn’t for the first time seeing this reaction so she was unaffected. But out of respect, she synced her lips saying ‘Sorry’ to a leaving Nancy, who appeared a little off to Sally. Something resembling guilt soared in Sally’s mind. But she chose to follow Julian to her rental room. After all, why did this much hospitality from a well-off woman looks fake? Sally reminded herself of her mother’s words, ‘never trust strangers’ quickly and rushed to her new room. She had a legal agreement entitling her to the possession of the rented room. Nothing bad could happen!
Julian forced open the cracking door with a kick. She wasn’t ready for a dust explosion. As the dust settled down; she could clearly see the spider cobwebs all over the place! Now she had a clue about what Nancy meant when she asked her to rest on the couch. What a striking contrast this was to the palace below? She had a thought earlier that it would be hard to live in richness. Now she is poor again! Is that good? Nah, but it is good to be original.
Julian found the cleanest corner and carefully placed her luggage. He wasn’t even looking at Sally but she was. There was a little smoky suspicion on her mind, now more about Nancy and less about Julian. The way she seemed to scorn at her for nothing that she might have done, there was something wrong. She had just a slight realization now that there must have been strict instructions served on Julian regarding the entry of strangers. But Nancy seemed nothing near normal between the extremes of too good and too bad. Sally was confused about her behavioral analysis as she had met Nancy just a couple of minutes ago.
Now Julian was the only one she had known a bit more than her. He was quickly leaving this room without even glancing at her for a second, which looked more terrible than it really was but symbolically she was left alone, more lonesome than she was comfortable at.
But, then suddenly he halted, looked back at her, “The janitor will be here only after two hours. He is not expected here before that. Make yourself comfortable.” He was stepping out but Sally rushed to him and caught hold of his right arm, “Wait! Wait, I am sorry for what I did earlier, there. But please help me. Tell me something about the Chambers.”
Julian stopped and looked back at her, “Look, miss,” then he looked towards the ceiling just above the door and looked back at her, “you shouldn’t be here.” He quickly got rid of her grip and made his way out of the door.
Sally stood there feeling weird. Her face was stressed out with the strangeness that the two people who she had recently met had shown; “Why shouldn’t I be here?” and her phone rang. “Its mom!” suddenly her expression changed and happiness stretched out a smile on her face and she rushed towards her luggage. The red bag in which she had secured her phone, make up kit, a handkerchief, an inhaler and iPod and whatever she had never used and belonged right there; she picked it up and took out the phone.
It was indeed her mother, “You even didn’t care to tell me that you reached that place safely, did you?” Sally couldn’t be happier as her mother’s scolding voice was heard at the other end. “Hey, sorry mom, I totally got engrossed in dealing with the weirdness here, I…”
“What is going on Sals, are you safe? Did they meet you? What about the room?....,” mom was getting that typical worried, “Give me a break, mommy! It’s just alright. In fact, it’s unbelievably wonderful here. It’s not just Texoma, they’ve gardens, orchards, ponds, you name it!.....,”
Far away from here, inside a black Bentley, a sparkling white laptop is open in which everything happening in Sally’s room is being watched. Well manicured white hands with glossy nails run on the keys and turn off the laptop. The shades on her nose are adjusted for a better fit and a smile runs across Nancy’s lips. The engine was started and she drove away the car.
 
 











Chapter 3: A square peg in a round hole
Sally was feeling a little light-hearted after having talked to her mom. Her mom convinced her that everything was just fine after having heard everything from her daughter. Sally threw a look at the messed up room, there was a table, shelves, a small bed and a wardrobe too. It was dusty but appropriately furnished. Sally pulled out a colorful georgette scarf from her bag and tied it around her nose and covered hair with the remaining cloth. She patted her palms against each other readying them for an impending dusting campaign.
She turned back only to find an old man staring directly into her eyes, her heart jumped up in a startle, she almost lost her balance and a shriek left her mouth, “oh my God where did you come from?” The old man uttered a few words which seemed to be escaping his mouth with more air from the vent between his lower teeth than he wanted to, “I am entitled to ask that question more than you are”.
“I am Sally, a new paying guest here. Now, are you Albert Chambers?” Sally was slightly taller than him so she bent her face a little to observe him. No, he couldn’t be him, because this mansion couldn’t belong to such an unkempt man or he couldn’t have that kind of wife and he is wearing an apron…..
“Damn you! I am Gaylord. I am doing cleaning and dusting here.” He screamed out in opposition.
“Ah, thank God you are not Chambers! Wait, Gay-Lord….? Ok, please clean this mess up; I was going to do some dusting here by myself, then you appeared. I think I must go…” Sally took off her scarf and hurried outside trying to avoid the stare. ‘Gaylord’? She asked herself again.
She went down to the hall and sat on the couch. As she did, she jumped on it again. Then she looked around her to convince herself that no one was looking at her. She grabbed a medical journal from the table and lay down on the couch.
She turned a few pages but soon went off to sleep. Nancy returned back and found Sally on the couch. She pulled the journal from beneath her arms waking her up in the event. Sally sat up and said ‘hi’ to Nancy, who smiled back at her, “So, finally Sally found my couch comforting.”
Sally smiled and bent her eyes knowing that this was why Nancy had insisted her on staying and resting here. “So, when is Dr. Chambers coming back home?” she intended to include some meaningful topic to the discussion.
“Anytime, but honestly, I am not sure as he is in another town” Nancy replied reluctantly. “Oh, and your kids, sorry I didn’t get a chance to ask this during the chat. But as a matter of fact, I must know this sooner or later….”
“We don’t have any kids, Sally.” Nancy seemed somewhat dejected. There was no eye contact between them as she shared this information with her and it was awkward. “Oh, I am sorry ma’am” Sally looked in the eyes of Nancy who had stood up from the couch that she sat on, beside her. Nancy stopped, “I’d prefer to be called by my name.”
“Got it!” said Sally to Nancy who was walking away. “Dinner will be served at 8 and your room is tidy now.” Nancy went ahead and entered a large gate which perhaps led to her room. Sally got up to go back to her room on the first floor.
Every nook and corner was neat and tidy now, just as shown in the pictures. Gaylord must have done a great job. She rested a bit and made a list of items she needed to arrange her little life in this new place. There was a window that opened towards an orchard but she could see a road far away from here. A few cars seemed to be rushing on that road; could there be tourists and fishing spots? She wondered because she had only used the road in the front.
Her phone rang. She picked up; it was Nancy’s. “Dinner is ready! Come down, we are waiting just for you.” Sally ran down the staircase. Nancy escorted her to the dining room below Sally’s own room.
It was a grand room but poorly lit. She could hardly sense the ambiance. Sally saw someone else was sitting on the head’s chair. It must be Albert, she thought. The person was reading a newspaper. Who reads the newspaper at this hour? “Hello! It’s Sally Brown here. How are you, sir?”
The person pulled down the newspaper and his spectacles to look at Sally. She noticed that he was a lot older than Nancy about 20 good years. But in a way, he looked far more decent than his wife. “Sally Brown! I am fine, thank you. I hope you like your new home. Make yourself comfortable.” He said pointing towards the chair beside him. Nancy sat beside him at the other side.
“Yes, it’s beautiful, as much as I have seen it. I didn’t get a chance….” Sally couldn’t finish as she was cut short by Albert; “I will myself take you on a tour tomorrow, with pleasure, in daylight.”
“Sorry, Dr. Chambers, but I have to go to my office tomorrow. I will be back by 6:30 pm; it will not make any sense by then perhaps. But on Saturday, I will be free. I hope you understand.” Sally felt a little bad at having disappointed Albert, but she had to.
“Oh I see, alright then Saturday is fine! By that time, you must take charge of your professional duties.” Albert said folding the newspapers. “You should be wondering that why an old man like me is reading the newspaper in the evening. So let me tell you, kids are getting lost from around this area Sally. Last were this girl and a boy who were camping by the Lake. They seemed to have disappeared the night they were meant to be leaving here. My morning begins early so I don’t have time to go through this stuff.” Dr. Albert smiled and raised a glass signifying that the dinner time had come.
Sally had tasted rich food that night and had her full; blended with the exertion she endured earlier she slept hard for the new office the other day.













Chapter 4: The new office – A new beginning
Sally woke up with a start. Her phone alarm went off and the tune she chose was the loudest for obvious reason. She had no reason to hurry as she was running much ahead of time but the fact that it was her first day was getting her tummy twisted in anxiety.
“Oh my God! Oh my God! It’s the day! Hmmm….” She brushed her teeth brutally and quickly took off her night robes and flung them on the bed. Her tummy gurgled, “Not a great day for a loose bowel!” She murmured.
After 20 minutes, Sally was running like crazy, trying to find a cab. Soon she made it to her office whose shutters were still closed. Her watch showed 9:45; she was 15 minutes ahead. She sat on the edge of the gates waiting for someone to open the office as she needed to tie a couple of loose ends before the proper joining at the office.
Soon enough from the recruitment coordinator, she was informed to report to Mr. Josh Hazelwood at his office. So, Sally went up to the reporting office and sat on the seat waiting. She was slightly perplexed with this waiting thing. Rubbing her sweaty fingertips in desperation she was consoling herself that she had already passed the interview and therefore there was nothing to worry about, but she couldn’t help her anxiety.
What had actually changed her, she kept thinking over and over again. While at the interview, she was living in a cozy flat with her mother, her source of strength and existence, whilst now she had to prepare herself to face the whole world on her own. That day, she was a college passed out girl; today she was stepping into the shoes of a working woman.
She was sweating in the air-conditioned office. She was experiencing the event as if a decade had passed in a matter of few days. She was just a bubbly young girl yesterday and she was required to grow up today. She was undisciplined and wild, this new requirement was some contrast to the basic personality she had. The transition phase lasted just a couple of days, just not enough for her to grow up; not enough for her to change what she was until now.
Soon she heard footsteps; they were certainly of a man because women tend to avoid flat shoes or so she thought. Her heart demanded more space inside her chest to expand in panic as if the buttons on her tight fitting blouse will burst open.  The door opened and a tall but boyish-faced guy stared at her; the look was not welcoming her rather it was questioning the invasion she had committed in his office.
“Hi! I am Sally Brown, a new IT trainee……” Sally somehow said words she wanted to but as if she had stopped due to weakness persisting inside her, possibly because of the pill she had taken to treat the loose bowels. She was standing up but it looked like she was giddy and light headed, this man had to hold her in staying upright. Soon she passed out.
When she woke up, she found herself resting on a bed. It looked like a hospital bed, but it wasn’t a hospital. It must be the company’s dispensary. There was nothing dripping into her veins, she just lay there alone resting on a patient’s bed.
She got up reminding herself that it was her first day in the office. Someone sneaked a peak and vanished without hearing a ‘Hello’ from Sally. Then her senior came in. Sally tried to stand up.
“Don’t cause yourself much harm Ms. Brown, just relax.” Sally again looked up. “Hello! I am Josh Hazelwood, your superior. Sorry, I didn’t get an opportunity to introduce myself. Now, how are you?”
“Hi! I am fine, thank you, sir! By the way, what happened? How did I come here, sir?” Sally stuttered. Josh burst out into laughing, “Do I really look like a boss? Come on; don’t be afraid, there is nothing to worry about Sally! Just some regular weakness a girl could have. But you should really ask the doctor for more.“
Sally lifted her buried head to look up at Josh for the first time and time skipped counting a moment or two. Blond hair on a tanned white guy, somewhat tall with a masculine built up; green were the eyes with pearly teeth and a prominent jaw line. His smile instantly won her heart. Sparks flew from her face and her lips dried up, there was a prick in her heart and a shudder along her body. Smitten by the knock of love in life, she really did not have a clue as to what should she do? She bent her eyes and cursed the day which was her first in the office. Had it been elsewhere she would have leapt forward and kissed him.
Was it love at first sight? She was confused somewhere but rest of her heart was sure that it was love! But the feeling was seemingly mutual. She looked up again at Josh, who stood very still and his expression was somewhat tense like the guys get when they intend to kiss. His breathing was labored. She bent her eyes down to avoid any intimacy which would be the talk in the office circles, should there be any cameras.
He was apparently somewhat shy but being flirtatious with her served as an indication. Her heart sang that this was him! But she lifted her head again to rupture the magical bubble between them. “I am ready to go to the office now, sir!”
“No! The doctor said that you must rest today. I will arrange for a cab that will drop you home. You have slightly low hemoglobin count. What are you thinking about Sally? Moreover, please do me a favor, don’t call me ‘sir’; I feel like an old man!” Josh smiled again.
“No sir! Um sorry! Okay, so what am I supposed to call you then?” Sally was in a teasing mode this time. “Just Josh” He almost whispered in her ears. Sally got a goose bump emanating from the ear which heard his whisper first; the best of her life. She trembled in excitement. There was a lasting eye contact between them and they both shyly smiled.
“So, Just Josh, I am planning on staying in the office at least for the first half. Remember? I am under probation and my induction has not yet begun!” She burst out laughing. “I am sorry! That name looked rude!” Josh smiled and in the moment, he loved her laughter. But that was a little too high-pitched for the office. “Shhh…. Remember, we are still in the office errr.. Dispensary. Follow me, we must go now”
That day Sally allowed Josh to order her, take a cab and reach her room and like an obedient subordinate, she carried out every command he gave. She was allowing him to rule like a submissive girl. She wasn’t acting the way her brain wanted; she was rather listening to her heart. All the time now there was just Josh on her mind as if there was nobody else at the office. She shyly smiled to herself and soon reached her room at the Chambers’.
 





 
Chapter 5: Meeting with the real Nancy
Sally entered the Chambers’ Mansion and started walking on the cobblestone path through the gardens and orchards; Josh still on her mind. She was still being coy and excitement of this new chapter opening in her life was too overwhelming to contain. She bit her lower lip at the corner revisiting the sensual moment that she had shared with him. Did he really like her? She took out her phone from her skirt pocket and clicked a selfie! She brought the phone to herself to see what she looked like in this picture. Then she analyzed herself, “A little weary! Well, not a lot great looking today! (sigh) Where is my lipstick? Oh God!” Her eyeliner was still intact but the orange lipstick she had worn today was gone; Sally now thought that she looked awful. Probably, that must be the reason that he didn’t kiss her. Otherwise guys don’t think about where they are they just go for it.
Nancy who was watching her talking to herself called her, “Sally! Come here, sit by my side.” Sally got a little taken aback to find Nancy around, intruding her privacy. She felt embarrassed at being seen like this. She walked towards the fountain to her right, crossing the trees, where Nancy sat in a swing. It was a beautiful and green spot that she had not yet seen. She approached Nancy who was wearing a white summer dress and was shining brightly in the afternoon sunlight. “Sit here Sally!” Sally did as she said. “This place is incredible!” Sally expressed her delight. Nancy, “I know, right!” Both of them smiled and simultaneously looked down.
Nancy looked at her and looked at the fountain again, “How was your first day?” “First day was okay, just a little too good to be true.” Sally looked at Nancy in a suspicious way. Nancy looked up at her and the eyes connected for a moment before Sally bent her head down. “I mean, your first day at the office. You are back early.” Nancy asserted. “Was fine there, I was a bit nervous!” Sally answered.
Nancy looked at her and then at the fountain, “Nervousness is normal in a new office.” She sighed and again looked at Sally. “I think you got a different impression about me. But it is not like you think. Maybe, I too got a different impression of you.”
After a moment’s pause, during which Sally kept staring at her and she kept looking at the fountain. “I like you, Sally; I do, since I have seen you.” Sally expelled her own set of apologies, “I am sorry for yesterday, Nancy! I have been told repeatedly, that I am stubborn. But I never changed; rather I never wanted to change! It must be strange, but it is just my original self.”
 “No, I am sorry!” She looked up at Sally and smiled, “We could both be ourselves but we could be wrong in that too. You know, you are much like me; two dominatrices under one roof – too hard to handle!” They both smiled.
“You asked about my kids yesterday. That’s a chapter of my life I’d like to remain closed. But I think meeting you makes me comfortable enough to open it up once again.”
Sally interrupted, “No, you don’t need to go through all that just because I asked out of curiosity.” Nancy shook her head in disagreement. Her left hand soon reached to a lock hanging beside Sally’s face. “My daughter must have looked exactly like you. Long dark hair might not be in her case, but the complexion, height, attitude and appearance must have been the same.” Sally interrupted, “I didn’t understand!”
“I had a daughter once Sally, from my first partner Alex. She was the most amazing thing that happened to me ever; the most beautiful thing. I was young when she stepped into my life, just 21 and I had a career to make. Alex left me when she was born. But I decided to be her only parent till fate snatched her away one day.“
Nancy continued, “She was sick, I tried to save her but there was no use. She died of leukemia at 6. My soul was lost forever and a hollow remained in my heart.” Silence gripped them both for a moment, Nancy was almost in tears. “I am sorry!” Sally held her hand. “You look ridiculously similar to what she must have looked like today! Same blue eyes, pointed little nose and full yet thin lips on an oval face. She must have been as tall as you are.”
“I had a contrasting impression of you earlier, Nancy! I confess I made it up too soon. You are an emotional and sensible person. I like you now.” Something had touched Sally’s heart; surprisingly it came from Nancy’s words. Nancy stroked Sally’s head, “What’s your story?”
Sally, “It’s ridiculous for me too. But I had somewhat similar past! But there was no death. My father left me before I could have any memory of his. My mother was a single parent as well. I am her only daughter and she is my only family.”
Nancy diverting the topic, “Let’s grab a coffee now! I don’t want you to spill out everything before me. Don’t allow me to ruin your day!” and she got up. They both walked up to the building. 
In the evening, Albert joined them for dinner and with a little introductory chit-chat they were all off to bed. But Sally was still thinking about the conversation with Nancy in the noon. After initial suspicions she was now feeling at home with the Chambers.



















Chapter 6: Another day at the office and meeting a new friend
Today, Sally felt new and fresh. Her mind was relaxed and everything seemed under her control today. She set out for the office and the excitement to meet Josh began rolling on her mind. Her heart pounded hard against her chest at the mere thought of seeing him today. She walked through the corridor to reach his office biting her lips in excitement but stopped at the door seeing no one around.
“Mr. Always Late!” She murmured and went back to her desk disappointed; turned the desktop on and began doing her thing. A hand touched her shoulder and she turned back her chair saying happily, “I knew you would come to me straight!” But she caught back her words in her mouth when she saw a tall voluptuous girl standing before her; she smiled and said, “Hi I am Nicole, I am joining the office today as an IT trainee. I am so new that it feels strange. Can you please help me?”
“Ugh! Another girl! I thought I was the only one getting all the attention!” she thought and inspected Nicole closely; beautiful big eyes, light hair on her slightly dark but flawless skin with green eyes, full chest on her towering stature. The contrasting traits of her body indicated towards her mixed ancestry. Nicole was about as perfect as she could get and a sense of envy gripped Sally. 
“Hello, this is Sally your senior by a day!” Sally said wearing a fake smile. “It’s nice to meet you Sally! Our superior, Mr. Hazelwood is not coming to the office today so we are on our own. Our training consists of learning the visual basics today. I have been told that we can go through some files kept in those shelves and our computers today and at 2 p.m. Dr. Lamar will conduct our induction programme. I sit in that corner, first in the line of AC’s air!” Nicole chuckled, but Sally was lost in her worries. “Damn me! He is not coming today? I am scared that he will not be the same tomorrow. Is it because of me that he is not coming today? Was he caught for the proximity breach rules or something? Why is she telling me what to do? I have my own file and I was the one who secured the best grades in the class. I know what to do.”
“I guess I will see you later then Sally!” Nicole went back to her desk as Sally was apparently not paying heed to her. “Yeah, see you.” Sally smiled at Nicole. 
The day went by and Sally finally found Nicole somewhat friendly and helping. 
When she got home, it was getting a little late; she was still baffled about Josh’ absence at the office. It was 6:30 and it was Friday night, it meant that it was weekend and she’d get to go to her office only on Monday now. She was strolling on the cobblestone path back to her room. “Hi Sally! How was your office?” Albert met her on the path. “It was good! Yeah!” She replied.
“It looks like you are a little dejected today.” Albert said. “No, it is nothing like that. May be I am just a little tired!” Sally asserted. “60 years of experience says that you are not telling the truth.” Albert resisted in his composed manner.
“It was just a little lonely, although I met a colleague; a girl.” Sally wanted to escape this question. “It’s about a guy, Sally!” Albert wouldn’t let go so soon. “Okay, yeah. I instantly liked my superior a bit and it was mutual. But he did not come to the office today. There you are that’s it!” Sally yielded completely and let a sigh out.
“Don’t worry! He will come back on Monday! You don’t need to ponder over it. It’s tea time Sally, let’s go sit in the garden.” Albert seemed like a positive man to her now.
After the tea and a phone call from her mom Sally went off for a shower. She took a reviving nap and afterwards went to the dining hall where she reunited with the Chambers.
Albert, “Nance! Sally is a curious little girl you see, just a little grown up. Don’t you think?” Nancy smiled back saying, “Yeah! I like her.” Sally smiled opposing, “Why do you think that I am curious? I don’t think I am.”
Albert gave her somewhat strange look, “Anyway, you have to take a tour with me tomorrow, Sally. Do you remember, it’s Saturday?” Sally exclaimed, “Oh my God! Yes it is! I had completely forgotten about it! Thanks for the reminder and yes, I will go, gladly!” 
After dinner, Sally went off to bed. She was excited about tomorrow; her first day off at this place. Her phone rang. “Ah! Mom! I have brushed my teeth before going to bed.” Saying this she turned her face towards the lamp table where her phone was kept. 
This was not her mom; rather it was a new number, which she did not recognize. Who would call her at this hour? She received the call anyway, “Hello?” Sally was perturbed by this call but she wanted to sound normal. “Hi! Miss Sally Brown!” It was a man’s voice and a deep one. 
“Yes! Who is speaking?” The guy at the other end sighed. “It’s Just Josh!” Sally sprung up and sat on the bed. “Hey! How did you get my number?” Sally soared on her excitement. “I am your boss, remember? Knowing my subordinates well is my job ma’am!” Sally giggled, a little longer than she should have; more because he called not because it was funny or something. “I didn’t know of bosses who sneaked in at this hour!” Sally just threw up anything. “Well, do you want me to cut this line off? I’d be oh so disappointed!” Sally backed off, “Oh no, that was not well thought of statement. Don’t cut it. I loved that you called!”
“I know Sally! Well how was your day at the office?” Josh continued. “Day was fine, but….” Sally said. “But, what?” Josh was getting curious. “The whole office gathered and missed you!” Sally chortled. “Ha Ha! Funny! Sorry I was out of the town. I wish your second day hadn’t been like that!” Josh got apologetic. Sally, “It’s okay Josh, I did miss you but of course met a new colleague to pass my time there.”
“It’s good for you. Why I can’t remember who it is? It’s a girl, umm…Natalie?” Josh continued. “Nicole!” Sally cut in, “Don’t think about her much! Though she is hot!”. “Ah! No never!” Josh scraped the topic itself, “By the way, its 10 p.m. It’s said that one shouldn’t call any other girl at this hour, if she is not his girlfriend! So meet you on Monday, bye! Take care! Good night!”
“You are sarcastic! Good night! Bye!” Sally said; both laughed hard and cut the line. Sally fell on her bed smiling and rested her hand which held her phone over her chest as if it was the dearest thing in the world to her now. The heart beat at its full speed inside her chest.
She smiled to herself in relief. So, Josh really felt about her the same way she did for him! His intense green eyes and dark eyebrows were piercing through her heart. The pain was pleasurable! The tingling of this love at first sight was spreading all over her body. 
That night she must have slept with a smiling expression on her face. Though sleep was not easy to come to her eyes; Josh’s face would never leave them alone. She kept smiling all the time while reminiscing and imagining spending times with him. But the day’s exhaustion gripped her and sleep engulfed her mind.


Chapter 7: First day off 
Sally woke up at 8 a.m., changed into track pants and a tee shirt, took out her iPod and pushed her feet in to her sneakers. Plugging her iPod into her ears, soon she set off for an occasional jog. She had by now found out a tiny exit in the main wall of the Chambers’ Mansion. She thought it would be interesting to sneak out for a jog rather than disturbing any of them to open the main gates.
She jogged through the lonely road and went off to see the Lake. It was a panoramic landscape. The sun was up; the air was somewhat cool. The smell of water drenching the sand filled her senses. 
She took out her feet from her shoes and squished the wet sand between her toes. She then found an empty bench and walked towards it on the green grass. It was all green and the chirping of the birds coming from far away could be easily heard. It was all relaxing in the warm sunlight. At 15 minutes past 9 a.m., she decided to return back to her room. 
She reached the gates which were now open. Julian gave her a stare and she moved in. Now, it was visible to her that Nancy and Albert were sitting in the garden beside the pool. She went up to them and said, “Good morning!” They both looked up and greeted her back.
Nancy questioned, “What are you doing in these track pants? I had called you but you were not in your room, Sally. So where have you been?” Sally was startled by the shower of questions, “I had been out for a jog. I had been to the Lake. It is so unbelievably beautiful there….” Nancy cut her in between, “You must not be going out Sally!”
Sally was clueless as to why she would have said that. Albert cut her in, “Nancy is really worried about you Sally! Didn’t I tell you that kids are getting lost in this area? It is not safe out there. You should be more careful from now on.” Sally agreed saying, “I understand Albert. But I assure you that I didn’t go too far. From now onwards I will jog around the mansion only.”
Albert, “Why don’t you jog inside, we have a lot of space. This reminds me that you still have not seen the whole of our place. Why don’t you come along and look around?”
Sally exclaimed excitingly, “Oh yes! Let’s go! I’d love that.” Nancy looked up and said, “Your coffee dear!” Sally took the coffee mug in her hand and then said, “Let’s go!” Albert held a hand out and showed the way. They both strolled near large sized flowering trees and bushes of colorful bougainvillea. There were strange fruit bearing trees; fruits originally belonging to exotic lands. She didn’t know about most of the trees and flowers. Then there was a corner full of potted bonsai trees. Sally was observing them with due diligence. But she had a slight inner feeling that Albert was not playing a great tour guide in his own garden. Sally, “You are sort of not telling me so much about all these trees, are you?” Albert, “I would have explained every bit if I had known myself!” He laughed it out. 
Now Sally understood that it was not anything fishy rather it was ignorance on his part. She looked at him in a confusing way, “It’s your garden and you don’t know? How am I supposed to believe that?” Albert clarified, “No, I don’t do this all by myself. I have three gardeners.”
“Oh yes! Why wouldn’t you have them when you can afford?” Sally was simply trying to go ahead with the conversation as when silent, Albert became slightly strange. “Hey, go ahead towards your left, there is a beautiful topiary garden and wait there; I just remembered that I had to make an urgent call by 10 a.m., I don’t wish to be late. Sit there and wait till I come back.” Saying this Albert pulled out his cell phone and went back to the direction from where they came. All this happened so quickly that Sally couldn’t ask him anything before he left but in a way she wanted to see this all alone by herself taking her time. 
She did as he had said and took the path to her left. It was more like an enclosure of greenery, indeed, adorned with adorable animal topiaries. The gardeners must be really skilled guys here. She went ahead and touched one topiary in which red flowering vines were used to make bracelets on a hand shaped topiary. It was amazing creation and she was enchanted by it.
Suddenly, a short black man emerged from behind and pounced at Sally. Sally fell down on the ground in shock and a pair of large loppers hung before her eyes. The clink clank of the colliding blades before her eyes emanated a sense of horror in her. She cried out, “HELP! HELP ME!!!” Every time the blades collided, she hauled a bit back quickly trying to escape the abrupt assault. 
Soon enough, Albert and Nancy came running to the spot. Nancy shouted, “Peter! What’s wrong with you? This is Sally; she is staying with us now!” Albert came to Sally and helped her stand up on her feet. Albert explained, “This is our finest gardener Sally. He can’t speak. It’s been a long time since he had been serving us. It’s unfortunate that you met him this way!” Sally could not help but look at him, “So he attacks anyone he sees for the first time? I am sure he is not security personnel!” 
Peter hung his face and touched the flat of his palm on his chest and looked at Sally. Nancy said, “No! It’s rather strange that he attacked you like this. He has never shown this kind of aggressive behavior. But look, he is sorry!” Peter seemed to say something to Nancy in his sign language. Nancy explained, “He says, that he thought that it was a burglar or something and that he was shocked himself.” 
Albert tried to divert everybody’s attention, “I left you just for five minutes and this happened! Would you like to see more? Let’s go!” He held Sally by her wrist who was still staring at Peter for having almost killed her. “Look we have a beautiful canal here, it’s like our little river and there we have a bridge as well! See that wooden bridge?” Albert was still diverting her attention. “Yes! I can see everything but beyond the canal and the bridge, your entire garden seems unattended and uncared for, like a widow. Why?”
Nancy stepped in, “Because, 3 gardeners we have are under contract of this much area. We have other plans for that one.” Sally seemed uninterested, “Ok! I want to go back now; I think I have had enough already!” She said patting off dust from her elbow.
Albert, “Alright then, I am already starving Nance! Let’s go!” They all went back; Sally was feeling absurd all the time. She didn’t utter a word during the breakfast and went back to her room. She there made a phone call to her mother and told everything that had happened and sought out her views. But her mom was totally convinced about the restrictions the Chambers had put on her going out. About the incident concerning Peter; she classified it as a mere accident. 
Sally always believed in her mother’s words, so she relaxed, pulled out a magazine from her bag and eventually went off to sleep. She slept hard, probably after the morning jog. The rest of the day was calm and quiet. She now had Josh’ number but she thought that it would be too soon to call him; she intended to keep the distance for now. She remembered from an earlier link up; the quicker one jumps into a relationship the sooner it fades away. So yes, she will give time to this one. She really liked Josh. Now, she was old enough to make wise decisions and patient enough for any craving and tough enough to face things on her own. 
Sleep was hard to come and she had no internet connection or computer to do any meaningful thing so she started playing a silly game on her phone. Having cleared all the levels of that absolutely abused game brought a sense of relaxation to her and she drifted off to the dream-world.













Chapter 8: First Sunday
The previous day made her miss a computer so much that she decided that she needed a brand new laptop for herself now. She was adamant, so ‘Now’ drastically became ‘right now’. She called her mom and demanded more money from her as an advance, expressing her instantaneous desire for a laptop. Her mom agreed and by noon her account was credited with the required amount.
She went up to Nancy to pass this information to her and seek her views about the electronic stores around the area. But to her surprise, Nancy was herself planning to go out. She was just fixing her eye shadow. Nancy said, “If you really need all sorts of varieties available in the market we have to get to a big one. I will take you there myself!”
Sally resisted, “No! I will go by myself; I would not want the trouble for you…..” Nancy said, “Why are you being so formal Sally? We are like a family now. Aren’t we? You eat and drink with us, so why the sense of remaining alienated?” Sally bent her eyes but inside she thought that it was not a bad idea either. She herself was new to these areas and rather than depending on strangers she should go with the people she had lived here with for a couple of days now.
Nancy continued, “I have to pick up some cosmetics and visit a hospital. So I am afraid trouble would be yours! If you can bear with me I certainly can return the favor.” She said wearing the final coat of lipstick. Sally agreed after having analyzed the pros and cons.
Sally was excited to see the enormous garage when she accompanied Nancy to the place. When Nancy asked her to step inside her black Bentley, Sally felt a little shy. “You see Nancy? This is my confusion. Too much prosperity causes a strange sense of weirdness and discomfort in me! Come on I love cars, I do. But this one is just too good for me. While I can relax and be myself in a cab, Bentley shines too brightly in my eyes and wards off the ease!”
Nancy interrupted, “I didn’t know that you were funny Sally! Now come on, hop in; Bentley or not, it just a car, just a little bit more chic!” Sally smiled while tying the seatbelt, “This is a wonderful car!” Nancy agreed nodding, “Oh yeah! She is my baby! All other cars are good, but this one is my own.”
She drove off to the gates and out. Soon the ladies were in a hospital. Nancy said, “Hey! The other day you were saying that you returned early from office because of weakness?” Sally nodded, “Yes, the doctor at my organization said that I had low hemoglobin level.” Nancy asserted, “This is the most reputed hospital in the vicinity. Why don’t you go to a general physician for that? This is the card.” She gave a card of a lady doctor. “I will call you when I am done. Till then, get yourself checked up.”
Soon the lady doctor whom Sally visited was taking out blood samples from her arm for some tests she had prescribed. The reports could be collected on Monday and also sent on her email. Nancy reached the room where Sally and the physician were present. The samples were already taken and Sally got up to leave. But before she had left the doctor’s cabin, she noticed her showing a thumbs up to Nancy who nodded in return. Sally got suspicious but didn’t utter a word from her mouth. But on the way to the stores she finally broke her silence up, “Why did she gesture you? What did it mean?” Nancy was a little embarrassed with the sudden question, “Ah! That one? She knows me personally. Remember I am a doctor myself? A pediatrician. This place is not too big; everybody knows you!” 
But Sally was not convinced, “Then she could have talked to you rather?” Nancy justified, “Then I am a wrong person for you to ask that. When you meet her next, ask her yourself!” and she smiled and drove off to an electronic store.
“Here is your laptop heaven! Let’s go!” Nancy said to Sally who was still undergoing a lot of thinking. They both went in and Sally asked for her choice of laptops and alternative choices, while, Nancy stealthily stepped out to make a call, “Hey Doc! Why did you gesture me with thumbs up? You know this girl is nothing like the others; she is way smarter. Now she is getting a lot suspicious about it and I am falling short of convincing replies. Whatever you did should never happen again!”
She cut the phone and turned back only to find Sally staring at her. Nancy now almost trembled in fear of having been overheard but soon she understood that Sally hasn’t overheard her telephonic conversation. Rather she had reached there, only after she had cut the line. Nancy heaved a sigh of relief, “Hey! So you found anything worthy yet? We have many other stores nearby should you think we checked them out as well.”
Sally, “No! I think I have chosen one laptop, I needed you there for your opinion on my choice but you weren’t there. So, I had to come here, searching for you.” Nancy was convinced that her conversation remained as secret as she had wanted it to be, “Oh yeah! It was just an urgent call that I had to make; let’s go in and look for a computer for you!”
Nancy considered Sally’s choice of laptop, but she later declined it. Sally was a little baffled from inside as she had loved it and after a thorough thinking only, did she decided upon going for that one. Nancy asked the salesmen to hike the budget and then show varieties to her, available in the slab. Sally did not agree on buying a computer of amount higher than she had credited to her account, but Nancy insisted her to buy a more expensive one. Sally said, “But I don’t have a budget this high, rather I don’t have money at all!” She hadn’t yet finished her statement; surprisingly Nancy took out a card and swiped it across the machine before Sally could react!
Sally screamed, “Why did you pay Nancy?” Nancy reasoned, “Look the one you chose was not even worth its cost. It was an inefficient machine that wouldn’t serve you good….” Sally cut her in, “But that was my choice! It was my decision to make. Gifting was not an option when I could purchase it for myself.” Indebtedness was one thing Sally had hated and taking favors was a direct blow to her heart.
“My dear Sally, I know all of this! But you don’t have the money today. Rather you were compromising the quality of the computer itself, why do that when you will have the ability to purchase the best one after 3 weeks from now? Okay, put it this way, what your mother sent to you was an advance, right? Consider this transaction as an advance from me! When you receive your salary, pay it back to me, as simple as that. But trust me, you will thank me later!” Nancy lovingly placed a hand over her shoulder and convinced her that what she did was the right thing to do in the given scenario.
“Thank you Nancy! Thank you really very much!” Sally concluded the conversation by finally expressing her gratitude, but at the bottom of her heart she was feeling the hurt of being deprived of her right of taking decisions and making choices. In a way, Nancy was intruding her private life. But Sally was helpless. The invasion would be so subtle that she wouldn’t have understood the meaning of the transaction before a favor would be done towards her and she would begin feeling her shoulders overburdened with the onerous favors. 
Apart from the laptop, Sally brought a high speed internet dongle for herself from the same shop. The day went past in a regular flow and there was nothing striking about it than preparing for the week ahead.














Chapter 9: Back to work
Sally reached her office a little late on Monday without her laptop, she swiped her card thereby registering her entry and rushed to Josh’ office. “I got late today! Is that going to affect my pay today?” Josh looked up, “Good morning to you too! No, you are late by less than half an hour and you are under probation. So no, you are safe!” Josh said checking time in his computer; he then looked up at her, and said, “You look nasty today! Have you been banging your head against haystack or something?”
Sally took her hands up to her hair and brushed them down with her fingers, “What the hell do you mean by that, Josh? I don’t like such comments when you should be singing praise on my beauty” She stood scorned for a minute. Josh rotated his seat and got up to reach her hair in a sec, “Look!” he said, switching the front camera of his phone on. But then suddenly he took out a pink rose and fixed it over her hair. Sally turned back and looked at him smiling, “You are getting romantic in your office! But thanks! I like your conventional ways.” They were interrupted by the click clack of high heels, Nicole stepped in, “Hi!....,” She paused, “Sorry! I never meant that.” 
They both stepped away and settled down. Josh, “Hey come on in its okay!” Sally looked at Nicole and looked away biting the right corner of her lower lip in desperation. Nicole had come here to report to Josh as he was their boss. Afterwards Sally joined Nicole and went away still clenching the rose in her right hand. As they reached their desks, Nicole turned back saying, “So, what was really up there in his office? Mr. Hazelwood is really smoking hot!”
Sally slapped her arm refuting, “Stop it Nicole! Don’t say hot! He is a nice guy, I don’t know where I am going but I can see from here that we have a sparkle kind of thing! I think it is just love at first sight! The way he looks in my eyes; the way he touches…..he talks!” Nicole sighed expressing discontent, “What the fuck Sally? ‘LOVE’ oh, come on! Give me a break. This is not the age for love, to settle down, have kids and raise them into shit! It’s the time of our lives to experiment! It is the time for us to fly! Have sex and enjoy! It’s the time to party and drink only to vomit all that last night stuff out forever!”
Sally looked at the pink rose and placed it before her computer with a smile, “I have had my share of experimenting, Nicole. I don’t want to do a thing that I will regret the next year. I just want the prince charming in my life and it would be everything I have ever wanted. Josh is ridiculously getting near to that figure every day. Let’s see where this goes.” She paused and continued, “There are other things to do in life than just sex. Sorry, it’s just my thinking.”
Nicole, “That means Josh is out of my league then!” She smiled mischievously. “Thank God! I will be so grateful!” Sally laughed out hard. Nicole asserted, “Look Sally! I might be dirty in here but I respect love and people’s feelings. Then, we are colleagues or probably more, I am not going to hurt you!” Nicole said pointing a finger at her head and then holding Sally’s hands.
“You are getting me near to the point where I will have to confess something.” Sally said with a thoughtful face. “Okay here you go! When I first saw you, I was jealous. Come on babe! You look smoking hot! Come on, look at the dimensions of that perfect cleavage you got; enough to drive a man insane! I am sorry but you do! I was new here and any kind of competition in case of Josh was heart breaking for me. I first thought you might win over him and I felt insecure. I am sorry Nicole!” Nicole gasped at having heard these words from Sally. “Oh my God Sally! Thanks though, but you do not need to be afraid of me! Okay, I will promise you something, I will never ever stab your back or steal your man and that I will always be like a sister to you. You have had your share of pain in life and I promise I will never hurt you. Sisters?” Nicole sat on her knees before Sally’s chair while saying what she said and extended a hand out. “Yeah, sisters! Oh God you are such a nice girl Nicole!” Sally got up and hugged her. Emotions crept into Sally’s mind. “From now onwards arranging dates between you two is officially my responsibility!” Nicole confirmed. Soon the other staff started coming in and taking their seats in the hall.
That day went on as beautiful as it could be. Josh had called Sally in for some official tasks, mostly training and except smiles there was nothing between them. Soon Sally was home. She made a regular phone call to her mom and took dinner. 
Her phone rang when she was in her bed, it was a text. “What happened when you left with the other girl?” It was josh. “I spilled all the beans! She will cooperate, though she said that you were hot! I have secured the rose, your first gift. Thanks!” 
Josh returned another text, “Thank god she feels that I am hot! Nobody else does though!” Sally smiled and wrote, “LOL, You are HOT! Happy? But yes, I like you.  And yeah she said she would hook us up!“ Josh’ reply came instantly, “What the hell? As if I didn’t know how to hook up! LOL! Night babe!” Sally replied mischievously, “Babe? Really? Already?” Josh was prompted to send another text, “No Ugly haired Sally! Now sleep tight! It’s boss’ command!”
These late night cute messages were a great idea for her to doze off. She smiled to herself and turned on her back to go off to sleep.














Chapter 10: 5 Dates
Nicole kept her promise very well. She not just arranged a brunch date for Sally and Josh but being the only local she also suggested her more places to hang out. Sally now preferred to roam around in a silver Chrysler that Josh had. First they dated at a small restaurant which was arranged by Nicole on Tuesday afternoon. Then they went out in the evening at a spot not far from her room. Sally was gifted a floral maxi dress by Josh. 
There was a love note stapled on the wrapper. “I want to see the beautiful woman that Sally is!” She smiled shyly and looked at Josh’ masculine back; she herself had asked him to turn his face away from the car. Sally changed into it in his car itself and could see her reflection just in the back view mirror and in Josh’ eyes, “Wow! You look lovely Sals! I think now, that an angel had concealed herself in a tomboyish avatar all the time.” Sally smiled shyly still sitting in the backseat of the car. 
Josh came up to the door and opened it for Sally. He held her hand softly and pulled her out, she stood so close to him that he could feel her warmth. He whispered in her ears, “I am not the person who will come to the backseat with you; not at least this soon. I wish to be the one who holds the hand of his princess and introduces her to the world.”
Sally’s eyes dampened at these words from her man-to-be, she then wrapped her arms around his shoulders and brought his face towards hers. She whispered in his ears now, “I knew from the moment I first saw you, but I needed to be sure before saying this. I love you Josh! You are the one I was searching for!” Josh pulled a little back to look in her eyes, “I love you Sally! You have touched my heart since the first look. I do love you!” They both sighed and he leaned for an emotional yet passionate kiss.
It was like the touch of first dew drops. It was beautiful, wonderful and yet meaningful. Love gripped the air very soon. Their hearts danced and they smiled with eyes still locked to each other’s. The deep love was there but spark was there as well. Josh took her by hand and walked close to the water. The sun was setting in at the horizon. They sat close to the water with their toes dipped in and closer to each other. Sally placed her head on Josh’ shoulder and he wrapped his right arm around her tiny waist. 
It was such a pleasant view to see the reflection of sunlight on her face. He again leaned forward to place a quick kiss on her pink soft lips. It was absolutely magical; the setting sun, the water, the shining golden faces and two hearts tangled with each other. Love is an inexplicable adhesive which binds the lives of people who had been strangers till now.
Sally pulled away from him, looked in his eyes and went on to lie on her back on the grass. Josh looked at her and smiled but did the same. Their eyes met again while lying on the back. Josh smiled in a naughty way, “Hey Sally! Why do I think you are looking so more alluring lying like this? I feel an uncontrollable urge to roll over you and love you a lot more. After all being a man is a tough job!”
Sally giggled hard and lifted her torso on the support of her hands arched back. “Well, that didn’t help much but it indeed did put my sexuality at ease! Let’s go back before the sundown!” Josh stood up and gave a hand to her. Sally again had to change to her office dress.
Josh then dropped her at the Chambers’ and noted her address down. That day she reached a little late but surprisingly nobody questioned her. She felt relieved that she was not answerable to the Chambers for coming late. 
The other two days passed on smooth and easy but Friday was awaited impatiently by both of them. It was their 3rd date and this time they could leave the office early and went off to a resort by the shore of the Lake. There they relaxed and ate and played and found out common interests in such activities. They were getting closer by keeping the distance between themselves. 
Come Saturday, Josh had to go to visit his father in the other town and Sally remained all by herself in her room. She decided to tell her mother about Josh. So she phoned her. “Hey baby!” Her mother’s voice was always overly loved up. “Hey mom! What are you doing right now?” Her mom replied, “I am making pasta for myself!” Sally halted for a moment, “Wow! I still remember the taste. I wish I was there right now.” Her mother expressed her doubt, “What is wrong baby? Come clean!” 
Sally was being a little anxious but so was her mom, “I don’t know how to put this! Mom, …um …I am in a relationship!” Gertrude baffled, “Did you not use protection?” Sally blurted, “Oh God! Mom! No, I didn’t have sex! Damn! Why do you go so far?” Her mother clarified, “Well it’s your age that is vulnerable. Thank goodness, you didn’t ….” Sally heaved a sigh, “He is my colleague, my boss actually. I love him and he reciprocates love for me. We have been hanging out for a couple of times now. He looks like a nice guy to me. I think he is the one! Mom you should meet him.”
“Wow my baby is finally falling in love! But keep a watch on him; all men want the same thing Sals! You cannot fall in a situation where you burn yourself before making a secure career. If he can wait for it, then assure yourself of his genuine love for you. Otherwise you know what to do?” Gertrude said what she said as if it was the only way to judge a man.
Sally justified, “Mom! Josh is a different kind of guy; he doesn’t want the same thing that all other men do. So I think he is good to go. He is conventional and well mannered. He respects and loves me for the person that I am.”
“Ok my baby! I trust your decisions, I always did. Act wise and yes this Josh of yours; I like him too. Okay so why don’t you return the amount to Mrs. Chambers? I will send you the remaining amount by tomorrow. Pay her; don’t remain indebted to these rich people, or probably one day you will have to repay dearer than that.”
Sally, “Yeah mom I will! I myself felt awkward about this whole thing.” After this they bid goodbye to each other. 
That day, Albert was again out of the town, only Nancy was there. They chatted a while and then Sally decided to put the day into some kind of use. She decided to go out for shopping for clothes and toiletries. She told Nancy about her plans and asked if she would like to come with her.
“I am not feeling well Sally. I have a terrible headache, you know. I have migraine and feel a strong vomiting sensation. I am sorry but you will have to go by yourself today. “Nancy expressed her inability.
“Okay fine! Please take a good care of yourself, Nance! You look too terrible.” Sally said observing the exhausted no-makeup look on her face. She looked a little off and there was a clear pain in her voice. But her eyes were swollen and red. She didn’t look as good and young, as she did on the first day which caused stirrings in Sally’s mind. Why did Albert desert her in this poor condition? Could she be seriously sick?
Dejected, Sally left in a cab and got clothes and toiletries from Denison supermarket she had spotted the other day, while roaming the environs.
Next day was Sunday, a day secretly fixed for her date with Josh. A text was received by her in the morning. It was from Josh, “  my car broke down!” Sally smiled and wrote, “Good morning to you too! So, at what time?” Her cell vibrated again, “Silly! How are we supposed to go out? I am not taking a cab!” Josh expressed grief.
Sally, “But I am! Date venue is your flat, eh? It’s time that I should visit your place baby!” Josh quickly reverted, “Wow! I am proud of my girlfriend! Rushing to arrange for food  luv ya!” Sally, smiled and texted, “Rushing to catch a cab. Love you Sweetie!”
Within 30 minutes she had reached at his place. He stood among some potted flowering house plants and waved her from his balcony. He was shirtless which tickled her mind a little. The gate opened and he welcomed her to his little nest. He embraced her after closing the gates and planted a quick kiss sucking her whole mouth in his own! His bare chest was a great treat for her vision but she pushed him away, “Hey smelly! Have you not taken a shower yet?” 
Josh smiled and said, “Well, I was waiting for you babe, so, not without you. Come on in now!” They climbed a flight of stairs to reach his flat. “This is a super cluttered bachelor’s den the owner of which has lost motivation to decorate it in a proper way! Any pointers?” Josh said picking up a few items from the only bed he had in his flat. 
When he was done trying he said, “Welcome to my home, Milady!” Josh almost acted as good as a clown. Sally was indeed feeling a little shy, “Hey Josh! Please put on a shirt if this is not a lot to ask. It is hard to concentrate.” Josh was a real old school gentleman; without a word he got up from the bed and reached out to the wardrobe, pulling down a blue T-shirt over his body. 
“Sorry Sals, I just have a T-shirt for now. Everything else has gone to the Laundry. I think it covers my body decently.” Josh clarified. “It’s fine!” Sally replied. “You are shy being here, am I right? Josh questioned. “Just a little bit, though it is temporary.” Sally replied shyly. 
“Ok! I will go take a shower then I will return. Make yourself home by the time.” Sally’s shyness was now making Josh uncomfortable. Sally nodded while observing things around her in the room. But even a blind could clearly tell that this was a guy’s place. Music system, gaming devices, a helmet and the loudest were the littered room itself. Sally picked a few things up from the bed and tried to arrange them at different places that she thought they belonged to. 
Soon the room looked tidier and everything was kept at its place. Sally decided to take a look of the outside world from the balcony. It had a small garden at the edges which Josh used to water regularly. It looked good, but her eyes were by now used to majestic gardens and orchards at the Chambers’ place. 
Josh who was out of the shower now stealthily reached near Sally and slipped his hands around Sally’s bare waist under her cropped top, “I do smell good enough now babe, don’t I?” He indeed smelled intoxicatingly great and he was now in a white drenched shirt and black denims; his hair wet and dripping on her collar bone. Sally closed her eyes and tried to enhance her sense of smell. The pleasant masculine scents wafted from his hands and engulfed her senses. One of his hands slithered upwards without actually touching any specific parts of her body. 
All his fingers did was only pushing a few strands of hair away from her face. They did lift her face which forced her to open her eyes and look at him longingly. Now he looked clean and smooth and sexy which was defeating her composure. She turned, placed her palms on his face and pulled him towards herself. He couldn’t realize before her lips were already pushed against his mouth. He slid the balcony glass behind him and led her to his bed without upsetting the rhythm. In the heat of passion Sally fell down on her back in the bed and pulled him on herself. 
Within moments, madness crept in their young minds and they both began kissing each other wildly as if it was a game of domination. They both were celibate and probably the reserves of secured energy began spilling out uncontrollably. But then, Sally’s phone rang, and they both were startled for a second. The whole passion stopped instantly. Josh pulled himself back, away from her body as if he was brought to his senses and Sally closed her eyes contorting her face at the desperation of being stopped in the middle. 
Then she reached out to her bag and pulled out the menacing phone. “Hello?” Sally tried to sound normal. “It’s mom! I have deposited the amount to your account. Be brave and throw the money at her face.” Her mom was the only one who could disrupt this thing; who else could? “Thank you mom! I will do as you say.” Sally wanted to cut the line soon but her mother had other plan. “Have you heard from the guy? Does he want sex with you? You remember what I told you, don’t you?” Sally looked at Josh and replied to her mom, “Don’t worry mom! Bye!” Her mother’s voice was high pitched and unfortunately the volume was loud enough to be heard by someone as close as Josh was. He temporarily stared at Sally and bent his eyes.
Sally noticed this and placed her hand on his shoulder, “I am sorry baby! Not every time is my mom right, okay?” Without uttering a word he got up and fetched a bottle of water from the refrigerator. 
“Yes Sally, I want to have sex with you! Saying that straight, alright? I want to spoil you with my love and make many babies with you. I don’t see any wrong in it. Everybody does it; all of the people I know of are doing it. A human being is a sexual organism. Physical love from her woman is a necessity for a man. It makes a man feel wanted and loved. It’s just a way of saying ‘I love you’ in a Man’s language. It doesn’t mean that I go fucking around. I was mostly a celibate and you; just you make me feel like I should go for it. I want to break rules just with you because for once in life it feels normal and good to do it with you.” 
But Josh who was sitting on the edge of the bed was suddenly interrupted by Sally who came up to him and sat astride on his thighs. Sally was sitting so close to him that he for a moment lost his senses and stopped speaking. Sally took off her cropped top and threw it on the floor, flashing her near perfect and perky cleavage in a beautiful black lacey brassier which revealed more than they hid. 
Josh swallowed the pretty sight in front of his eyes. “Baby! What mom says is fine when she says it, in ignorance. It’s not a thing like an oath of chastity or something. It was just a promise to self that till I find the right person I will not break it. For me you are the one, as of now. You are my boyfriend, silly! I have always and will always, live by my own rules.” Sally said holding his face in her palms while stroking his cheeks with her thumbs; his chin touched the bulge of her breasts. 
“Don’t tell me that you are a virgin!” Josh said being naughty. “I am not a virgin Josh! I had lost it when I was 16. I know what it is like! Just that, it is going to be so much better with you. You know girls called virgins, psychos.” She was kissed hard by Josh this time. “I am hard down there; I know that you can feel it. But, unfortunately I am not hard enough to penetrate two layers of garment, one being as thick and strong as denim!” Josh chuckled to Sally who laughed hard.
“It’s your area of jurisdiction, my lord!” Sally said almost moaning. Josh rolled her down and took off every stitch of garment from her body and received the same favor from Sally. In a matter of minutes, promises of both the parties were happily breached for good. Though in the middle of it, Sally said, “Nancy looked a bit weird today, you know!” Josh got up and stared in her eyes, “Hey! I am trying to achieve that target, kindly bear with me, babe!” Sally giggled, went on to kiss his forehead and didn’t say a word afterwards. 
That day they made love thrice. But they still had a lot of time before sunset. But that was all it was, because Sally had to go by herself and Josh didn’t want to spoil her to the extent of rendering her unable to walk. 








Chapter 11: Start of the weirdness

Sally left for her room before the sundown, because she had a few more chores to accomplish. The cab she took also broke down a mile or two before the Chambers’ mansion. She tussled with the driver for her money and got it back, but she actually was in trouble herself.
Sadly enough, it began pouring down. Now she had to go by walk to her place all drenched. After the day’s wild romp in Josh’ bed it was not her cup of tea; especially because of the sudden over usage of her tender parts. She was vaguely shambling towards her room, still somehow not cursing the day yet. It was a special day for at least one obvious reason.
An imperial blue metallic BMW stopped by her side without making a screeching sound. Sally wasn’t taken aback either as she had just looked at it. The window glass rolled down and Albert called her out, “Hop in Sally!”
Nothing could have been better for her than getting in the luxury car for the drive back home in the situation she had been stuck at that time. “Why have you been strolling in the rainy weather? Where have you been?” Albert sternly asked as if playing her legal guardian. “I had been to a friend’s place and the cab broke down.” Sally answered somewhat correctly. “Nothing could get more unfortunate. But on a Sunday you could have told me.” Albert put it up like he really cared for her. “Ah, you weren’t there, but I had informed Nancy before leaving.” Sally said. Albert nodded as if convinced. Sally wouldn’t want to share her personal life with them. Fastening the seat belt she looked out of the window. Hadn’t it been the clouds, there would still be sunshine.
“I wish you don’t have to wander in these areas alone like this in future!” Albert was still stretching the topic. “Yes, it won’t be safe for me. My mother agreed to what you had been saying all this time. But what could be done in the times like these?” Sally seemed to agree with him. “It’s unfortunate!” Albert said and started the engine.
She reached her room and did some regular things in the preparation for the office the next day. At the dinner Sally put a hand in her pocket and pulled out the necessary cash she had to pay back to Nancy. “Hey Nancy! Here is the money you paid that day for my laptop. My mother said that it is not a good idea to be indebted for something so expensive. Please take it back and thanks again for the same. I am extremely grateful.”
Nancy looked at Albert and synced her lips saying, “Why? Not before him!” Then she rolled her eyes in frustration and looked back at Albert finally accepting the cash. “Damn!” She said again and angrily looked at Sally. Sally smiled a little at her and said, “I am sorry, but I needed to do this.” Albert who was watching this questioned her, “What is this about, Nancy?” Nancy whimpered and said, “Sally borrowed some money from me for her computer the other day, so now she is paying back. That’s all it is.” Albert gave her a stern look and her eyes bent down.
Sally assumed that it must just be his reluctance to pay money to her until she overheard him saying, “So, now what? Befriending your own prey?” Sally knew this sounded rather strange but she just wrote this off to his resentment and waited till they left the place rather than sneaking in and interrupting them.
When she reached her room she shut it from inside, grabbed her phone and called mom. But her phone seemed to be switched off. Then she called Josh thrice but he didn’t pick up. Frustrated, she opened her laptop and sent a chat message on Josh’ Instant Messenger explaining every detail.
“Hey sweetie! There is something wrong here. Didn’t I tell you that Nancy was weird today? She was sick with swollen red eyes and drained body in the morning; she looked so old in contrast to her bright chirpy and radiant self otherwise. I was paying the money back to her at the dinner and it looked like she was stone cold and dead with fear while taking it back. God she seemed afraid of Albert! Later I heard him push her against something like that column in the hall and call me a prey while referring to her being friendly with me!
I am damn scared babe! Is he going to, like, “Hunt me down?” What is a husband like, who doesn’t be by the side of his sick wife all day long and later to her dismay misbehaves with her?
Revert ASAP! Call me!”
She turned it off as he hadn’t seen it. She opened the window and switched her lights off. Vehicles were still plying on that road. She concluded that, this place wasn’t closed; she thought if anything suspicious happened she would call the police and flee. Calling them now won’t make a sense but instead it will only wreck an unnecessary mayhem against these supposedly popular people. And, what if she went wrong about all this? What if Albert was just a little short tempered old man? Chambers will resent all this over-excitement of hers, should she go wrong.
Sally tried to convince herself that nothing was wrong and everything was under her control. She decided to watch the Chambers silently for some time, without letting them know of her intentions. She thought if something really went abrupt she would make arrangements and leave this place without giving them a prior notice and sue them later for her deposits with them. She had no intentions to spy upon them whether they were good or bad people; her only priority was her own safety. She did not wish to intrude surreptitiously in whatever they were doing. There are all kinds of people in the world and she had no interest in knowing what kind of people the Chambers were. She somehow slept that night amidst fear and apprehensions. She was furious at Josh for not being there when she needed him the most.










Chapter 12: A day of sharing 

Josh called her early in the morning but she was all asleep owing to having fallen asleep late that night. When she woke up her phone was vibrating. She picked it up; it was a text from Josh, “Babe, sorry I was really worn out from yesterday’s adventure, can’t say when I fell asleep. Please talk to me now.” She ignored it and reached the main menu in her phone. “9 missed calls! Ugh huh, Josh has only been calling me since he woke up!” Sally sighed and dialed his number back. “Hello! Sally, what’s up?” His voice was fresh and awake. “Hey! I am fine till now! Listen, don’t talk here. I will come to the office and then explain, can’t believe a thing for now!” Sally fired her words mixed with anger and frustration, before Josh could say ‘Okay’ from his side. 
Sally reached office and spilled out every detail before him. “Although I am worried sick about your safety with them, in their house, but something tells me that it could just be a part of speech in the Chambers’ language. ‘Befriending your prey?’ Ummm… it’s not a hunting ground is it?” Sally smacked his bum, “Do you think it’s a joke?” Sally felt disappointed. 
Josh placed a finger under her drooping chin and lifted her face up, “Hey babe, I am not being a nerd. It just feels that blowing just one statement out of proportion will not serve us better. Let’s us just keep a watch on them, alright?” Josh looked in her eyes, “Look at me, if you can, move with me into my apartment. It might not be a Chambers big but it is good enough for two of us. Isn’t it? Let’s hate the hatred and give a chance to our sprouting love? What say?” Sally looked down and then sideways as if he wasn’t helping her. “Okay I understand, now is not the living-in time, right?” Sally nodded, “I will move in with you, but I have deposited a fortune there with them and I cannot just flee from my money, Josh! If something is wrong it has got to have some legality into it. But, you are right! I could be blowing up a statement way too far!” Sally tried to look out of a window indicating self avoidance. “I think I should give this a little more time.”
“That’s what I was trying to say! After all I am there for you!” Josh said. Sally looked up in discontent. “Okay, may be not for this one time. But I will always be there. It’s a promise sweetheart!” He hugged Sally in an effort to patch up. Sally did the same. There was nothing to be shy about as everybody knew about their relationship now and there was nothing more than just a broken cam in his office.
When Sally reached her desk she was welcomed by Nicole who hugged her. Nicole was smiling which made Sally inquire, “What’s up Nic, All smiles?” Nicole stood up and came closer to her, “It’s a guy, sis! He’s damn rich and hunky and sexy, just like me!” Sally smiled, “So when did this happen? Where’d you two meet?” Nicole smiled and said, “Just once at the bar the previous night. I took his number. May be this Saturday, we are hanging out!” Then she winked at Sally. Sally sat back in disgust, “Careful Nic, these rich guys are not our league.” Nicole burst out into laughter, “Not yours but mine!” Sally nodded saying, “Oh yeah!” Then she turned back to her desk. She knew she could be wrong about the Chambers, or even if not, all the prosperity on earth can’t take a blow. 
Nicole had her own life and a stronger social support than she herself had. She was definitely the one to be careful, not Nicole. 
Days went past as usual; she met Josh everyday but not for the obvious reasons. Things with the Chambers were smoother now. By the fourth day of this week she had even forgotten about anything she had overheard and baffled once for. Come Friday night, she stayed a little with Josh in his apartment and returned late from a dinner date with him. After a little intimacy and lot of talking she decided to leave. 
Josh’ car was fine and back on the road by now, so he had to drop her at her room. Josh parked his car a few meters away from the main gate as he didn’t wish to be noticed by the gatekeeper or anyone else near the gates. Sally was a little drunk tonight as the next day was an off. 
He got up from the driver’s seat and went towards her door to open it and support her in getting up. He pulled her out and said, “Babe, you are looking so tempting right now that I don’t want to leave you to the grubby Chambers tonight. Let’s take you back home and love you all night long!” 
His hands stroked her tousled dark hair and held her straight up on her feet. Sally uttered something just as good as a buzzing sound and wrapped her arms around his shoulders. “I love you sweetie!” Josh said and kissed her. He pulled his head back a little, saw her rolling semi closed eyes and again kissed her for a slightly longer duration just before being startled by a commotion coming from the Chambers’ gates. 
“Did you hear that?” Josh whispered to her. Sally tried to straighten her head and adjust her vision to look at the gates. “Umm…it seems to be like, J-Julian? Is he begging or crying?” Sally said what she could in her intoxicated state. “Shhh! You are too loud Sally, we can be heard! Let me hear.” Josh got inside the car and turned off the lights and came back to Sally again. “One person is begging for someone’s life so there certainly must be someone else.” Sally grunted, “The voice which uhh, coughed seems to being that of Albert’s. Julian is begging someone’s life from Albert!” Sally opened her eyes wide in dismay and looked at Josh. “What the hell is going on here?” Josh mumbled. “I will go in with you tonight and spend some time with you in there and see if something is really fishy about this place.” Sally fastened her grip around his arm. “I am a little scared right now Josh!” He nodded.
They both then heard loud and clear, “You are a dog Julian, a dog that serves his master; that’s what it does.” It was unmistakably Albert’s voice. In a couple of minutes, the gates opened and the blue BMW emerged from it. Josh could see that it was a man, most probably Albert. Sally scratched her hair, “This is Albert’s car and only he has the keys of its garage.” 
Josh looked at his watch which showed 10:32 p.m. and was slightly perplexed, “I wonder what task would require him to go out at this odd hour?” Sally expressed her opinion, “Possibly a medical case. They both are doctors.” Josh said, “I see, let’s go in now. We only have to face Nancy now. She is nice, isn’t she?” Sally nodded saying, “Perhaps, slightly better than him!” 
Josh moved his head sideways. “I agree with you now babe! Something is wrong here. At least, not everything is right! Now pretend like you are heavily intoxicated! Look absolutely droopy and drape a hand over my shoulder like you can’t walk. Don’t look up even if someone calls you.” Sally did as asked.
“Hey man! This is Sally Brown, paying guest here. She is drunk so I had to drop her here. I am her friend….” Josh said to Julian who did not listen to him and opened the gates.
After taking a few steps towards the mansion Josh whispered to Sally, “He looked like he had just cried his black cheeks were glistening with tear lines. Weirdo!” Sally looked up at him asking, “Are you sure?” Josh nodded. “It’s scaring that Albert has done something that cruel! Can’t you just take me out of this place already? I am scared to death!” Sally expressed her fear to him. Josh refuted, “No, I need to find what is going on here. They can’t harm you without harming me now. They will know that I have left you here, so I have the knowledge of your being here. If they allow me to go out, nothing will happen to you.” Sally rejected his theory, “What will you do if you find me dead the other day?” Josh stopped and looked infuriated at her, “I will kill them all!” He resumed walking towards the building, “But if nothing happens to you and if something is being done here to anybody, we as humans need to stand up for someone endangered.” Sally had to agree to him this time.
Soon they reached the pool near the mansion, where Nancy lay on a couch looking very sick. She looked up only to find a stranger in her house but then she found Sally whom he was carrying. 
“What happened to her?” She uttered some muffled words still lying down. “Hi Mrs. Chambers! I am Josh, her friend. Sally got a little sick while drinking, I had to bring her home like this. Where is her room?” Nancy seemed very sad and replied, “The second open room on the first floor. I hope she is okay.” 
She reclined back on the couch. “Oh, she is fine. Don’t worry much! By the way how are you?” Nancy didn’t even open eyes, “I am not very fine. I have an acute headache which had set on after that heated argument with Albert, whom you must have noticed rushing out! Well I am a doctor and have taken the medication that I must. I get bored in the big house so I come out and rest here. Take her there quickly!” and she turned her face away from Josh. 
Sally who had been acting as told was getting worried about her. When they stepped far enough from Nancy, Josh said, “Open your eyes, be quick search the house! I will take right and you left. Try not to bump against anything! If you hear the car engine, rush to your room. Got it?” Sally nodded and they hurriedly searched every corner in the hall, dining room, library, and other open rooms. 
They didn’t know about the light switches and it was darker than they could bear. The next main gate which opened towards the separate Chambers’ quarter was locked and that too secured with codes. Josh tried opening it with wire and other things but it wouldn’t open. He had no time to hack the code. The car hadn’t returned. Exhausted they met again at the hall and went to her room. 
“The room adjacent to yours is absolutely identical! Don’t you accidently go inside it sometimes?” Josh expressed his curiosity. “I have never seen that room remaining open before this!” Sally replied turning towards the light switches of her room. Josh grabbed her hand and pulled her back; then he pointed a finger towards a tiny red light, on the ceiling just above the door. “It’s a camera!” He whispered. “What! They had been watching me all the time? Oh my God, but why?” Sally was getting nervous now. 
Josh pointed towards the window and switched the lights on. They moved towards it. He whispered in her ears, “I suppose that they can’t hear our conversation from here. Look sweetheart! We don’t know why, but they are watching you and that cam is a brand new one, in other words I bet that it’s working. But, I am sure, it’s not Nancy!” 
Sally bit her whole lower lip in stress and fear. A tear broke off from her eye. “Hey, don’t leave me tonight. I will leave this hell tomorrow morning to be with you!” Josh stopped her from saying a word further by putting his fingers on her mouth. “Shhh, you are too loud, they can hear us. Remember if there is something wrong, only we could be aware of it. If somebody is in danger, we need to help him. When I turn back and leave I will cut the wire from outside, if I can.” Sally objected saying, “You can stay here tonight. Don’t leave me!” Josh looked out of the window, “Look they have not harmed you yet. They allowed me to come in. Their plans, whatever they are, do not seem to include you. But you can stop them. Do you know where that road goes to?” Sally denied. 
“Why have they left it dark there? What do they have at the back of this building?” Sally recalled, “If that’s what I am thinking it is; this area should be an orchard. But beyond that, their whole land is kept unmanaged like they don’t care about it, like they have abandoned it, while the rest of their land is close to paradise. Albert said he has employed only 3 gardeners so they can’t cover that area.” Josh turned and looked at her, “This is an excellent piece of shit!” Sally snapped her fingers and said, “One day, that strange gardener charged at me with loppers, like he wanted to kill me. Then the Chambers came and rescued me from him.” “What? You never told this earlier!” Josh inquired.
Josh looked at his watch and said; “It’s time that I went back!” he turned back. “I will comb the dark surroundings of this building, before leaving.” He whispered in her ears.
Josh reached the door to see her off; Sally rushed towards him and held his arm to stop him. She didn’t know if it is the last time she saw him. She nodded in disagreement and begged, “Don’t go! May be, tomorrow I will be dead!”
Josh whispered, “Don’t be a coward babe! You are my girlfriend; I will kill these people if they dared to scratch you! I need them exposed and they can’t harm you…..” He could barely finish the sentence and the car engine could be faintly heard from there. “He’s back Josh! Run!” Sally choked in fear. “I am not going anywhere before personally meeting him. Now I am going to see what metal he is made up of! You stay here. Nancy knows that you were sick.” Sally lifted her arms trying to stop him from going away.
Josh leapt back and planted a kiss on Sally’s trembling lips whose whole body was shivering with cold creeps. Her eyes welled up with tears with a sense of intuition that something bad was going to happen. Josh didn’t get time to cut the camera off and she was still under surveillance, rather, she was being spied upon.
Sally came inside her room, switched the lights off and lay in her bed crying with her face buried in the pillows. Josh climbed down the stairs and moved swiftly towards the pool where Nancy rested. Albert was hurriedly stomping towards the mansion on the cobblestone path. He looked sweaty and tired as if he had recently engaged in a brawl. 
Seeing a young man before him in his own house he halted and looked at Josh in the eyes. Josh observed the man before him; possibly a man who is actually suspected by the girl he loved and himself. Josh went ahead and extended his hand saying, “Hello! I am Josh, Sally’s friend and you must be…!” 
“Dr. Albert Chambers!” Albert grabbed the young man’s hand and shook it with warmth. He smiled and said, “It’s my pleasure to meet you Josh. Come on, let’s have a drink!” Albert pointed towards the pool. “Oh, no, thanks! But I can’t drink. I have to drive home.” After a few moments of a gentlemanly talk Josh left the mansion.
He reached near his car and punched the bonnet with his right fist in anger and despair. He took his phone and wrote a text to Sally, “Sorry babe, couldn’t look around in the dark. Met Albert, he behaved nicely, offered a drink by the pool. Don’t worry! Sleep well!” Sally picked her vibrating phone and wrote, “Okay, be safe. I will try. Bye!”
Sally got nervous when she heard footsteps at her door. It was Albert; she could tell. He knocked at the door and she reluctantly had to get up to open it. She told herself to act normal. She said, “Hi!” and smiled. Albert reverted, “Hey Sally! How are you now? I heard you got a bit sick! I was worried!” Sally smiled, “Oh no! I am fine now! One vomit and it feels alright!” Albert smiled, which he rarely did, “Thank goodness! Have you talked to your mom yet?” Sally suddenly thought about her mom’s safety and said, “No! Is she safe?” Albert contorted his face in confusion, “What are you talking about Sally? You call her now and ask that of her. Who am I to tell you that? I don’t even know her! Take care and good night Sally!” Albert left her room.
She called her mom who was absolutely fine. Sally came to her bed and heaved a sigh of relief. She was thinking as if she was again blowing up all the data she had, only Julian’s begging seemed suspicious now. She texted Josh telling him that she felt fine now and he should also rest well.






Chapter 13: Nicole’s Disappearance
The next day was a soothing Saturday. Sally got up a bit late and jogged inside the premises of the mansion, had coffee with the Chambers and everything went good. She went back to her room after the breakfast. Her phone rang. “It’s Nicole! Strange! She never called me on a weekend; I assumed that she kept herself busy.” She received the call, “Hey Nic!” “Hi Sally! I am exhilarated to inform you that I am going to spend this weekend camping in your vicinity! Ta-da” Nicole exclaimed. “Really, in my vicinity? I doubt that, there is something more to it; do tell!” Sally raised an eyebrow in suspicion. Women know women more than what is expressed in words and Sally knew that Nicole was up to something this time.
Nicole sighed, “Ugh, it’s that boy Sals, that hunky guy from the bar!” She giggled. Sally smiled, “Well, well; so what are we talking about now?” Nicole replied, “Well I am not going to a freaking cabin! I heard that they intrude your privacy. So, um, I need a room! Please, can you do that for me?” Sally gasped! “Why would they intrude your privacy? I don’t think so!” Sally objected. “Oh! Anyways I need your room. I want as much privacy to turn on as I can get, huh!” Nicole declared. “What? Are you asking me my own room because I don’t have any other and of Chambers I can’t ask one for?” Sally abruptly threw her hands up. “What are sisters for, Sals?” Nicole almost begged. “And…where the hell am I going to put up myself?” Sally questioned. Nicole laughed hard, “By the side of your man! It’s time we simultaneously made out! You go please your man while I will gratify mine!” Sally blushed and said nothing. “Come on babe! I have worked so hard on your relationship, don’t ruin it! By the way, it’s your opportunity to return the favor back to me!” Nicole sniggered. “Oh my God, Nic! You get me to agree to you all the time! Alright, it’s a done deal then. So, when are you coming?” Sally asked with curiosity. “I am at your gate sis!” Nicole exclaimed. “What the hell, Nic! I am coming out!” Sally was actually alarmed and had no idea of how Chambers will react to it. 
She ran down the stairs and reached out to the gate. She had met none of the Chambers by then. Nicole and her date Max were standing at the gate whom she escorted back to her room. Her date was equally attractive as Nicole herself was. “You don’t know this guy, do you?” Sally elbowed Nicole. “That’s why we are here, to know each other well. Din ding ding!” Nicole replied with a sparkle in her eyes. That instance Sally knew that she was up to something naughty in her room. Her bed was going to break into pieces!
While walking them to her own room, Sally decided to remain adamant with the Chambers this time. She wanted to spread her message that she was not alone and vulnerable. If there was something the Chambers were up to, she had a good support system by her side as well. She held her held high and shoulders firm like she was ready for anything that was coming her way. Chambers welcomed both the guests with warmth. It looked like they were rather happy with their presence. 
After having rested for two hours, the trio planned for an excursion trip by the lake, fishing, fun and taking pictures. They camped by the lake and cooked a nasty fish stew. Young hearts got younger by the minute. They laughed at the silliest things they saw or did. They shared pictures on their phones and laptops. 
Then, Nicole and her date made out in their tent for an hour and a half, while Sally kept catching fish. To her, after some meaningful conversation, Max seemed like a nice guy, adequately suitable for her sister cum friend Nicole. She smiled to herself at the thought of playing the matchmaker now for them.
She called Josh who was doing something important that day and would be free only in the night. She sighed, and waited for the duo to come out and join her. It was getting duskier by the minute and they all decided to travel back to her room. 
Sally sat at the dinner table with her friends and Albert, after the meal and some more chatting; Nicole whispered to Sally, “Hey Sals, so have you talked to your Josh about moving there for two days?” Sally said, “Yes, he seems to be busy tonight, but he will come to take me to his place before midnight. You guys, go ahead, and go to my room.” 
Nicole looked at Max who winked at her like he couldn’t get enough of her at the lake. “Are you certain that Josh is coming? You can still share your room with us.” Nicole whispered. “I am alright Nic! Please don’t waste your time thinking. Spend all the time you can with Max. I don’t sleep so early at this time. For resting, these comfortable couches the Chambers have are perfect! Josh has told me that he will be here before midnight. Go, enjoy!” Sally raised the confidence bar in Nicole’s mind and she decided to go to her room. Nicole got up and kissed Sally’s forehead saying, “Good night sweetie! Thank you so much my sister!” Sally smiled and shook her head, “Good night! Enjoy you two!” 
Max held Nicole’s hand and they both walked to Sally’s room, hand in hand. Sally turned the lights off in the hall and reclined back on the couch. She must have dozed off but at 11:00 p.m. Dr. Albert, who was strolling near the couch startled her and she woke up. “What-what happened?” Sally asked him. “Your friends make so much noise while making out, like wild bears, that old men like me can’t really sleep.”
Sally looked up at her room and realized that Nicole and her partner were really loud. She apologized of Dr. Albert. Albert said, “Its okay Sally, they are young and energetic. They remind me of my youth, which is pleasant in a way.” He smiled.
Soon Josh, looking slightly tired, entered the hall, paid regards to Albert; Sally got up and accompanied him to his car. “Why haven’t you informed me earlier about it babe? I wish you didn’t have to wait. I am sorry, I got stuck so badly.” Josh looked at his watch which showed 11:45 p.m. “At least you are on time sweetheart!” Sally smiled and stood up for a kiss. “Yeah, like 15 minutes before midnight! Thank God!” Josh said and kissed her.
“Let’s go home babe! But I will only sleep now. I have no energy for anything else.” Josh looked at Sally who was buckling up. Sally looked up and laughed, “Like I am asking you for running on the treadmill!” Josh shook his head and smiled a little while igniting the engine. “By the way, Nicole and her partner Max have made the atmosphere erotic. It was all about, Ahhhs-oohs and Yeahhs!” Sally smiled mischievously while giving him a naughty look. 
Josh looked at her and smiled, “It seems like my mood is changing; tardiness is leaving my body.” Josh took his index finger and touched her cheek and drew a line down to her neck while still moving downwards. “Don’t leave the steering!” Sally shouted out loud. “Oh my God!” The car was really getting out of his control; within two moments both his hands were placed back on the steering. He sighed and inhaled relief, “On your command my lady!” Sally laughed out, “We will rethink about it, but only after having reached home.” They both smiled.
The next morning was pleasant, Sally slept sound; Josh’ arm was wrapped around her. She woke up and kissed his forehead. She then prepared coffee for him and herself, “Wake up sleepy head! Coffee’s here!” she called him. Josh looked up at her and said, “Where’s the breakfast miss?” Sally smiled, “Coming right after! But you need to brush your greasy teeth first, baby-boy!”  Josh shook his head in disbelief and laughed, “You didn’t make breakfast, did you?” Sally kept the coffee tray at the bedside and came back with omelettes. “Oh my Goodness, Sally, why take so much trouble. We could have gone out.” Sally shyly smiled and said, “Cooking food for you feels good!” Josh stroked her drenched hair lovingly, “Thank you Sals! I love you!” Sally replied, “My pleasure! I love you!”
In the afternoon, Sally opened her laptop and started looking at her pictures with Nicole and Max at their outing the previous day. She smiled intermittently at the fun they have had. She called up Nicole but her number was unreachable. Sally smiled and wondered how busy the new couple have kept themselves? Then she called her mom, “Hello!” her mom sounded worried. “Hey mom, what’s up? Are you okay?” Sally expressed her concern. “Cedric had a minor heart attack yesterday. You should call him.” Sally was shocked to know this, she trembled, “Oh my God, mom! Is he okay?” Her mom consoled her, “He will be okay. But you should call him anyway.” 
Sally called Gregg’s number. “Hey Sals!” Gregg received. “How is h-he? I am wo-worried sick!” Sally stuttered in a garbled voice. “He’s fine now Sally! He is resting after taking prescribed medication. What’s going on that side Sals?” Sally heaved a sigh of relief and explained everything to him. “I want to meet this guy! You know Clara and I had a great time when we visited there. It’s a wonderful place!” 
After the conversation was over, Sally logged in her social networking profile after an era or so. Like other girls she also had created one, under social pressure but didn’t really know what to do with it. She visited Gregg’s profile and jumped to Clara’s. Clara was slightly less active than Gregg, but there was this photo of a place she recognized as being the same cabin that she had visited yesterday. Clara was too beautiful but her face was mostly expressionless in pictures. Nobody could know about the mind behind her face which hid everything perfectly. 
In that photo, she had mentioned this place. Sally leisurely clicked the place’s page and started checking reviews about the same. 3.35 stars out of 5, most of the reviews were 4-5 stars except the only one which was 1 star. It was Clara’s! 
Josh arrived from the shower and suddenly kissed her. She was startled and distracted. “Clean and fresh babe, are you ready for some action?” Sally sighed and sat back on his bed. “Wait a bit more Josh! I will get in the mood in a bit.” And she explained everything that was running in her mind then. “Let me check Clara’s review. I wonder why she has posted a critical review.” Josh sat beside her and peeped at the computer. She scrolled down and read out loud. Clara wrote:
“The place is very beautiful and serene. I loved it the instance I reached there. Clean place and great service. But to my horror there was a camera hidden in the cabin in which I stayed with my partner. That means that our privacy was being intruded. I do not know what they would have done with our videos or photos. We complained but nobody had a clue of what it was. We decided to flee this horrible place and while we were driving out of this place a car pursued us until we reached a populated place. We came back safe but I still perceived this place as a strange and horrific one. Hence I am giving just one star. Authorities must look into this matter. Still no doubt the place was wonderful and incomparable. But then I won’t be going back there again.”
“Camera! Those cabins have cameras too? It’s seriously sick, man!” Josh was alarmed. “Your place has a camera and those cabins have cameras! This means that the Chambers are involved in this heinous act or somebody is mutually involved with the two places!” Sally gasped and interrupted, “…and Nicole and Max are being recorded right now!” She jumped towards her phone and called Nicole thinking about telling her to leave that place immediately. She called two more times but nobody received the cell. 
Sally threw it off and pulled her hair upwards in anxiety. “How could you forget that there was a cam in your room and you also allowed her in with her boyfriend?” Sally shook her head when Josh’ questioned her. She was aware of her blunder now. Soon she was in Josh’ car rushing back to her room.
She reached her room and saw a padlock on it and encountered Nancy who gave her the keys. “Hi Nancy! Where are my friends, Nicole and her partner and why is it locked?” Sally asked.  Nancy looked sternly at her, “Haven’t they told you? They left!” Nancy went away to the hall. “But she said, she will leave at night.” She called Josh and informed him of everything. 
“She is quite impulsive and her partner must have got some work or whatever. Who knows? There is not much to think over it.” Josh cut the line saying that it was not reasonable to ponder over something like that with spy-eyes.
Sally thought and thought about it, over and over. She had passed that day with a little restlessness. It was getting highly complicated. Whenever she thought that something was devious about the strangeness that existed in this place something reassuring happened and vice versa. Sometimes the Chambers acted as a family to her and at others they appeared like murderers. But fear was not what kept her mind fuzzy rather it was the questions which clouded her mind. She was getting confused about this place; so delirious that she felt a need to rest her messy mind.  
The next day was a normal one except for one abnormality. Nicole was absent today. She went to Josh’s room and said,”Hey Baby! I am worried about Nicole! Her phone isn’t reachable at all!” She twisted her face in despair and balanced it by placing a hand on her forehead. Josh who was working on his computer got up and went up to her.
He stroked her head with his fingers and pinned back a lock behind her ear. She moved towards him and embraced him. A tear rolled towards her chin and she sobbed. Josh consoled her, “I know that she has not come to the office today. But why do you have to worry?” Sally swallowed her tears and looked in his eyes. “She has never been absent. But when she came to my room and stayed there she is gone!” 
Josh inhaled and separated her from his body looking in her eyes, “She is a girl, could be her those days? Or she must have exhausted herself in that adventure? Who knows?” Sally sobbed and trembled. Josh walked her to her seat. “
Everything is alright babe! I have a plan on my mind but it’s ambiguous. Don’t be scared!” Sally lifted her face and looked at him, “I am not afraid! I feel disgusted.”
Josh placed his fingers on her jawbones, “Trust me, if you will. I will reach to the core of this whole mesh. I will report this missing to the cops, but not before some more hours pass. What if she emerges suddenly, our efforts and tears will be wasted.” Sally nodded. Two guys had joined the office as trainees but she didn’t even talk to them during the induction.
She repeatedly called Nicole’s cell but failed to get her; it was unreachable as ever. She reached dejected to her room at the evening. Josh had come to drop her home. But he didn’t stay there a minute more. 
This was another strange day. She came to dinner and decided to put up the horrible topic of mysterious missing before Nancy. Nancy expressed her grief and consoled her. But when she broke her silence again, it shocked Sally, “Sally! I like you, I really do and you know that I have been honest to the word. But we are getting a better paying guest. Either you pay a higher rent to us or you leave. I think providing food was not included in our existing rent. But you do eat with us hence you must pay us 1850 bucks a month from now on. Even it is less for all the standard of life we provide you.” Nancy didn’t even care to look in her eyes when she said all that.
Sally burst out in laughter, “It’s ridiculous! You are almost doubling my rent for no specific reason. Come on I have not asked you for meals, instead you offer me that for your parental love. You know that I draw a meager salary and I can in no way afford a rental this high. I am just a trainee for three months. At least give me some time to vacate it and find a new place. Oh my God! So now I won’t even have a proper place to live?” Sally blurted in desperation and disgust.
Nancy wiped her face with tissue and said, “Sally, I have told you what I meant. More rent or you go.” Sally shook her head in surprise, “I thought you guys were so wealthy that a few dozen people can inhabit with you without even paying a cent!” Nancy shook her head in denial and smiled and left the place.
“Goddamn it!” Sally expressed disbelief to herself. She was scared of this place didn’t really mean that she was prepared to leave it. She thought of Nicole again and felt like this was the best thing happening to her. She will pay the escalated due amount when she receives her pay. 
The next day she went directly to Josh and told him everything that had happened. “You can move in with me. I offered you that earlier as well. Now I think it would be relevant. Move in tonight and end this game. I am myself exhausted with playing the spy now. There is so much to do in life than spying on suspicious people.” Sally nodded in agreement. “Have you gone to the cops yet?” Sally enquired of him. 
“Oh no! I didn’t get time, but tonight I will try.” Josh replied. “Try harder Josh, we have less time. I will call you tonight and leave that place forever.” He smiled while looking at her and kissed her forehead. 

















Chapter 14: The beginning of Sally’s misery

Sally decided to call her mom after everything was settled. Leaving this room was not as big a deal for her as moving in with Josh was. She knew that her mom will question this move of hers and deny her permission to Sally. But this will happen only when she is aware of it. She wanted to clean her room now and find anything which belonged to her which she might have accidentally dropped. She moved her bed a little and found a red lipstick. It was a branded one but it was not hers. She never tried red color on her lips rather she kept it simpler with orange and pink or even nude, but certainly not red. 
Red was not her color. Nancy must not have come in here stealthily. Was it Nicole’s? She suddenly fell on her knees. She took her phone out and looked at the pictures. To her horror, Nicole had worn it the last day she had seen her. She gasped and kept flipping the photos in her mobile. She pressed her memories harder and tried to remember, was it red lipstick that Nic wore the last day? 
Yes! It was red. She had even kissed Sally’s forehead and a little of it had got smeared on her hair. Nicole did believe that men are most attracted towards red lips. Yes, she had told Sally this more than once at the office too. She tried to remember what she had said about red lipstick. 
“A woman is incomplete without a red lipstick.” That’s why she used to call Sally a sissy because she couldn’t wear red lipstick. Her eyes got dampened; she murmured ‘Murderers’ to herself. She pulled out her phone and typed text message to Josh, “Murderers Cha….” Nancy’s loud voice startled Sally and she dropped her phone but only after pressing ‘send’.
“Sally! Albert wants to have a word with you.” She came to the place where Sally knelt down on the floor. “Are you okay?” Nancy paused and supported her to stand up on her feet. But Nancy herself was not looking healthy, but she somehow stood Sally up. Nancy rather needed Sally’s support to walk straight. Sally put Nancy’s one arm around her own shoulder and staggered towards the door. “Are you okay?” Nancy smiled and fastened her grip on Sally’s elbow; rather she rubbed her palm over the cuffs of her shirt which were rolled up. She didn’t understand what was making her to grab her one arm like she was a dead weight.
Nancy now got on her own feet upright and said, “I am not very healthy Sally. But the pain is fortunately temporary.” She then bent her head and smiled. When they reached the hall Nancy lay down straight on the couch and pointed towards the porch where she would find Albert.
Sally now reached the place in the porch. Albert stood there looking at a vine, “Life is a strange thing, Sally! A body is alive till this thing is inside it. Death is a beautiful concept in any life. It’s is the destination of life. It’s a fulfillment; it is a full stop to all the worries, stress, pain, suffering and curiosities; curiosity like the one you had been showing all the time in this little world that I have created with such an effort Sally!” Albert turned back to face Sally. Sally trembled in fear like a lamb put before a hungry and severely aggressive lion.
Sally trembled in bearing the face of a murderer close and clear to her vision. All the clues and answers which corroborated to him being the culprit, signs of which she had been getting all the way in this mansion like breadcrumbs were coming to an end. He was not confessing anything instead he chanted it like a glory tale. A finger came and tucked a few hair strands behind her ear. Albert continued, “Look at you Sally! So young, so lively and overly curious, eager to know everything that comes your way yet demanding to live by your own rules in this new strange world! Daring and brave and rebellious, Oh my, I love this generation!” 
There was nothing to laugh about, but he was laughing like she was a funny joke standing right before him, trembling like a falling leaf detached from all sorts of support. “But, how come you never asked what kind of doctor I was?” He paused and smelled her hair. Sally arched her back to avoid him. He stopped and paused, “Come on girl! Ask me!”
Sally surprisingly didn’t stammer, “What kind of doctor are you, Albert?” There is something about standing on the precipice of death; fear leaves the mind and activates the brain. Sally looked around in search of something as a club or vase or anything which she could wield as a weapon and hit on his head and buy herself some time to run. Albert shook his head amusingly, “Although I am a simple pathologist but I specialize in autopsy, I mean, post mortem. So you see now Sally, I specialize in dealing with dead bodies! I have worked 35 years in slicing the dead! But honestly I am a businessman still slicing the dead bodies!” 
Sally was trying to act strong but could not prevent a shudder from running down her spine. Albert in a jiffy, held her left arm with a tight grip. A cry escaped from her mouth not because of the pain his grip had caused but by the way she was held by his dirty hands. No idea regarding how she would get rid of him had struck her. Her breathing grew quicker and shorter. 
“I will not harm your body now, Sally! But I will slash it slowly and lovingly when you are dead. No death can come as painlessly as the one that I will award you. When I will run the edge of my blade along your soft and young skin it will spurt a stream of blood.” Sally couldn’t let him finish that sentence and jumped up to hit his groin but she still missed his testes. Albert did not fall down with the sudden impact but he just bent down in pain holding the injured area. 
“Reginald! Andy! Get that girl!” Albert called out strange names, Sally had never heard of before. But she kept running towards her room in the mansion. Two tall and well built men emerged from nowhere and chased her. Sally out of fear ran inside the gates of mansion; Nancy was standing there with a club, she pointed at the gate which led to their separate quarters. The doors were no more secured with the codes. “Get rid of this woman Andy! She has been a pain in my ass!” Nancy hit one man perhaps Reginald with the club.
Sally ran for her life but she turned back thrice only to see the sick and lifeless Nancy being stabbed by her own husband repeatedly, as if he was trying to kill the already dead woman. Her face went warm and her eyes were teary, she trembled in fear and she covered her mouth with her hand so that nobody heard where she was but still had energy to find a way for her life; she knew she was now on her own. She first thought that she should lock the gate from inside but that idea seemed senseless as she had no idea about the gates secured with codes.
She went to the darkest room she found and started searching an outlet, a vent, a window or anything which could take her out or lock her in. In the pervading darkness she stumbled upon something and fell through a broken wooden plank making the walls of this room directly into an abyss two levels below the ground. She hit against something and tripped again to the bottom floor. When she touched the final floor she fell on her head and puffed out dust. She let out a cry as silent as it could be. But asking for help was directly inviting the death head-on and fortunately she was in her senses.
Luckily it wasn’t her head that got hurt. She lifted it with her hands. She sat up but her shoulders felt awfully hurting. She couldn’t feel her leg for a moment. It ached like it was going to be the reason behind her death soon. She could somehow bend her body towards her feet. A few toes were apparently dislocated and there was a wound a few inches long and about two inches deep. It was bleeding and the dust in her hands was getting greased up with her effort to stop it. Putting hands on the wound to stop it wasn’t working very well. She needed some kind of bandage. She dragged herself along to reach somewhere to find a cloth or something. But she couldn’t find anything useful in the darkness. She took off her cotton shirt and wrapped it around her leg so tight that the pain of the wound would be replaced by the choking pressure on it. She tried standing up on her feet but kept failing as many times. Soon she gave up. It was probably so deep inside that she couldn’t hear any voices coming from the levels above.
It was time for dinner and soon she began feeling the pinch of hunger in her tummy. There was no light but she had analyzed the situation. It was only her leg that was badly hurt. But she had successfully contained the bleeding, hence she could sleep tonight. Her other body parts were intact and she could move them. It was absolutely dark in there and an awful stench began filling her senses. She had to stop thinking about food or help. She was absolutely on her own.
Having done the maths scientifically, she felt relaxed enough to start crying. Josh and she had made a plan about moving to his place and leaving back this hell forever. But destiny had some other bitter plans for her. She was stuck in an unknown place below the ground, where there was no sign of life; any kind of life and the odor filling her senses was pungent and nauseating. It was repugnant and nothing in the world could describe it. Soon she had a headache not because of the hunger but the stench.
It felt like something was getting rotten in here. She was curious but certainly afraid. Albert was up there searching for her and will eventually reach here; after all it is his place. She wished so badly that Josh opened this place up, grabbed her hand and took her away from here. She wept like a 5 year old child and wiped her tears out from her cheeks with her dusty hands smearing her face further. Why did it smell so bad? Was there a garbage dump here?
She patted a hand on the floor and the voice echoed and she concluded that the place was large. It must be as large as the mansion or at least the Chambers’ own separate place. She remembered how heinously had Albert stabbed Nancy! Nancy had been killed; this meant that Albert was the actual murderer and will never hesitate in killing her or anyone else. Albert was a professional killer. God, he himself said that he loved slicing the dead bodies. 
She wished that she had informed the police earlier, but there was nothing she could tell them rather it would only alert Albert. The best thing could have been that she had agreed with Josh and moved in with him at the first instance. Hesitation and orthodoxy has left her here to die so unceremoniously without bidding her loved ones a well deserved farewell. Her dusty cheeks were getting flushed by her own tears. She now lay flat on her back trying to concentrate her vision on something which can be seen in this darkness. She didn’t realize when she had fallen asleep. 











Chapter 15: The ghastly world of Albert!
Sally opened her eyes as the sun rose up but so did her horror. She saw bodies around her, more precisely, dead bodies, and some inside glass chambers. She was so horrified and terrorized by the view that she quivered, the filth made her feel like vomiting but there was nothing in her twisted stomach. One mostly rotten violet colored and blistered body lay a few meters towards the direction where her feet lay in the night. It was mostly decomposed and liquefying. She trembled and got sick with the view. She couldn’t raise her head and look at these corpses. She closed her mouth and nose with her hands. With her head bent down, rivulets of tears ran down her eyes. She sweated heavily; just what she should not have gone through considering the unavailability of water and food. These bodies have been stored as trophies by that psycho she had escaped from. Was death better than spending a morning here in this butchery? 
She mustered courage and decided to walk through the corpses to a place which seemed better than that; farther from those bodies where the smell had a little fresh air mixed with it. She folded her arms so that she could stay as far from the bodies as she could. She trembled and felt a cold creep on her back, as if something had slithered across her mostly bare back. She had goose bumps with a shiver. It was like the dead were talking to her. She was determined not to look at those bodies but the more she got determined the more she cheated on herself. She looked and looked at the bloated liquefying body before her for so many times that somehow her fear started leaving her mind. She got up and stood on her feet somehow. While walking she wobbled though. Instead of leaving the corpse aside she covered her nose and reached near the decomposed corpse. 
Tears dropped from her eyes when she looked at the poor old man, the corpse once was. With his eyes still half open it looked like he died while he was scared of something; perhaps it was his death; death in the form of the monsters Albert and his accomplices were. Every man deserves proper burial; this corpse lying before her also did, she thought. Now sadness was beginning to take the place of fear in her eyes. She looked around in the hall where there were many glass cabins.
Clearly, there were corpses in them too, may be not as decomposed but there ought to be corpses only, because that was what this place was meant for. This was a hell where human bodies were stored for decomposition and rot. This was a hell underneath the fake heaven that the Chambers had created; the paradise which this place by the shores of Lake Texoma was actually. This was a place of human shame. 
She dragged her leg to the other corner of this hall. Her leg was getting better but she couldn’t realize; she rather couldn’t realize anything else, other than the presence of decaying corpses in this hall and that she had to share this hall with them. 
Without a doubt it was a dreadful place but it was also a place filled with gloom. The criminal was roaming free on the ground and the innocent victims were decaying in this basement beneath his luxury mansion, deprived of their necessary final rituals. 
She was walking towards the light and she came across a glass enclosure where the blood spill looked fairly clear and fresh. She looked at what was inside it. To her horror, she saw a blond man’s body. She limped towards the cabin and kicked the door open with her injured leg. With the impact on her wounded leg she fell down and the pain sparked through her spine to her eyes and she closed them. She tried to get up and limp towards the body again as the pain subsided. 
This body was bloated and it looked somewhat greenish-blue. It was unrecognizable even to the slightest extent. But it was not that decomposed as was the corpse back there. It was blistered and fluids were oozing from mouth and other openings. It was inflated like it would burst. There were no eyes, and several cavities were left open, unstitched.  Sally was delirious in fear and yuck. There was no way she could identify this body, but inside her heart, she was sure that it was Max’. 
Soon her gaze drifted towards a woman’s body lying on a metal table and she limped up to it. It was similar to the male body, but the hair was recognizable, light hued hair with blonde streaks. It was that of a tall and voluptuous woman. She recognized it as being that of Nicole’s. She tried to wake her up, shook her and called her name in an effort to wake her up. But she herself knew that it was impossible to wake her up as she had died for too long, probably on Sunday or even Saturday when she last saw her off to her own room.
Sally took the support of the plywood wall at her back and lifted her face up with closed eyes draining tears on her cheeks. She couldn’t cry out loud or else they will hear her voice and soon she will lie by their side, her body opened up like theirs.
She rushed out of this cabin as fast as she could and went towards a plain and relatively cleaner wall. She sat reclined against it, weak, thirsty, hungry and exhausted, her emotions all used up. She was all empty like a can turned upside down. She was getting sicker by the minute in this rot; delirious she fell on her back and looked lifelessly towards the wooden ceiling. 
She remembered Josh and her mom and Cedric and Gregg and Clara and bid them all goodbye in her heart. She felt sorry and guilty for not warning Nicole and Max beforehand and she blamed herself for their deaths. She felt so sorry that she couldn’t say goodbyes to them. She realized that without water and food she won’t last longer. But she wouldn’t even eat or drink in this unimaginably hideous place. Her death was imminent now. The best part was not getting killed by the murderer. She imagined herself kissing Josh, the warmth of his face, the tickle of little hairs in his beard and embrace against her skin. The magical eyes he had which held her captive and the touch which put her to serenity. She smiled and didn’t know when she fell asleep assuming it as being a pleasant death.
The evening arrived and some rodent must have bit her; she woke up with a startle. The sun must be setting in, at the horizon. The crimson color from the clouds reflecting the sunlight hit the ceiling of the basement. She wondered if it was real or she was in another world. Thirst and hunger wouldn’t let her hold up for long from now. The wound in the leg is not bleeding anymore. But it ached like it’s was getting patched up by new skin and clotting. 
The leg was certainly recovering from the injury caused by the fall. Her body ached harder. She looked at the source of the light. It was seemingly a vent. She saw a stool nearby and pulled it towards the vent and climbed over it. She looked out and it was an open space. She could see the sky and clouds. She was so delirious that she was not sure of what she was seeing, was it truth or her hallucination?
She remembered about Albert and his bloody deeds. She took out a hand and waved it out of the vent. “Hello!” She cried and after a pause cried again, “Hello! I need help! I am trapped in here. A murderer …. Dead bodies!” She realized that her voice wasn’t escaping her mouth really. Not at least enough for a person to hear. Desperate, she climbed down and sat back again. The sunlight was fading and the darkness was gripping the hell she was trapped in.
She closed her eyes, but it seemed like she could hear voices; voices that seemed to be sad and weeping. She began hearing them with attention of her senses focused. She heard them crying for life from Albert. They were complaining of their untimely deaths. Some were feeling the pain and others sorrow. Some were still trying to find a way out of here. She felt as if Nicole called her name. She moved towards the glass enclosure where Nicole’s body lay. There was nothing noticeable there. Nicole was trying to call her and convince her that she will stand up and dare to fight and expose this monster called Albert. He was a murderer and he deserves a death as painful as he has been imparting to all these innocent people. She also felt like a small ghost of a young boy came to her and said that he wanted to go to his mommy and ran away.
She thought, soon enough she will die here by perishing or  being hunted down by Albert and his accomplices just like others did. She wished for Josh to know of this. She again fell asleep and it was only by the morning that she got up. She wondered and laughed at herself; how come is she still alive?
Up there, on the ground Albert and his partners in crime are searching for Sally since two days now. “Why finding a girl has become so hard for you guys? Maggots do whatever but I need that girl alive and safe!”
Reginald sniffed and bent his head in frustration. Andy looked at him and replied in a deep voice, “We have searched every nook and corner of this mansion and the grounds, gardens and groves, canals, ponds and pools. It’s strange that we failed to find her, sir!”
Reginald quipped, “Why didn’t you let us kill her when we had time? She couldn’t have escaped; no one has ever escaped.” Albert got up and slapped his cheek hard. “You fool! How dare you raise your filthy finger at me? Remember you were brainless and hungry street puppies; I gave you shelter and food. But you never grew up to being hunting dogs. You failed me! She was my opportunity to grab more bodies. She was bringing in more and more of her friends. But you Reggie! You never learned that the paying guest is hunted only when she is totally depleted and till then she must bring more acquaintances.” 
Reginald fell on his knees to apologize. Albert sighed and looked away in aggravation. “Get up Reggie and go back to work!” Reginald got up and reminded Albert, “Sir! Excuse my ignorance; w-what about Nancy?”
“Oh gosh! You got on my nerves again, but you are correct! Ah, that woman has chomped down on my wealth always. She was a cancer on my lifeline. I considered her dying and lifeless so I thought she will be a cooperating partner but no, she was a pain in my ass! She was throwing breadcrumbs to this girl. I wanted to kill her always. I don’t know honestly, as long as this absconding girl is clouding my mind. Have you properly zipped her in the bag?”
Andy nodded. “Well then!” said Albert jerking his shoulder to touch his ear with it. Josh, who had sneaked in through the small hole in the wall that Sally had told him about, was overhearing their conversation. Josh hated the culprits more and more as their conversation moved ahead. Not just the culprit trio but also Josh had been searching everywhere for Sally. Just that the reasons were different. 
Albert regretted, “You are right, I should have killed her earlier. But her blood group and other traits were so unique that I didn’t find a party to buy them. I just thought that when the organs are being preserved in the living body, why spend in carrying cost after removing them from it. Josh wanted to leap forward and kill Albert instantly but if he did so, he knew that he will never see her again. He was certainly outnumbered. “Patience Josh! Patience, you will get your kill soon!” Josh said to himself.
“These young people, jobless people, homeless people and most importantly hopeless people; they are not people having bodies, rather, they are my million dollars!” Albert smiled wickedly, “The other girl she had brought was great in market. You know her one kidney sold for 270000$! Can you believe it? It paid for my luxury car all on itself!” All of them laughed. Josh trembled in hatred.
“But sir!” Andy interrupted, “We have severely damaged Nancy’s body? How will we trade her organs?” Albert puffed out in anger, “Andy, tell me that you are smarter than this poor dog Reggie! That woman was useless in that aspect too. Her cancer had metastasized all over; her whole body was fucked up, man! She should have died a decade before. But my misfortune was tied to her life; she lived like she was blessed with some black magic or whatever! I hate her so much that I wish to burn her with electricity in that old basement I have below my ass.”
Albert yawned and looked at Reginald who was sitting on the floor as leisurely as he could. Suddenly, Albert got up from his chair, “The basement! There is where she is! We have not checked it. Let’s go!” Albert shouted at Andy and they both ran towards the separate quarters. Reginald was apparently slow; he was only trying to get up.
Josh knew it was the time to handle Reginald as he was left alone. He emerged from his hideout behind the wall and attacked Reginald with the bowie knife he carried. He covered his mouth and stabbed him many times on feet and shoulders so that he won’t die but he would turn useless for assisting the others. Reginald fell flat on the ground and writhed in pain. Josh ran and with light steps followed Albert and Andy. The door secured with the codes opened and Josh slipped in with them stealthily. Albert led Andy to his bedroom and Josh like a huntsman followed them both. 
There was a king sized bed and Albert gestured Andy to move it. It was not as heavy as it looked like; Andy moved it enough to reveal a flat door perhaps leading to the basement. Albert unlocked and opened it, and then he dropped down the folding ladder attached to the aperture.
Josh wanted them to be divided but they moved like a magnet and iron bolt. After they had descended down Josh sneaked in the room and peeped down at the ladder. Not finding them close he climbed down and looked around for Albert who seemed to have gone a bit far by now but he heard the tap of his shoes on the wooden flooring and followed the direction where the sound was coming from. Amidst the old furniture and cabins and rooms, he spotted the blond hair of Andy walking towards a pillar. He ran down the overstuffed hall to follow him and catch him alone, but Andy managed to climb down the ladder too quickly. 
Josh gritted his teeth at his failure. He followed them without delay and climbed down the ladder. The disgusting odor was so unpleasant that for a moment Josh felt like getting suffocated to death. He covered his nose and concentrated on what he needed to do. He followed them again to a place from where the corpses were visible. He gasped at the sight before his eyes. His hatred grew to culmination towards these monsters. 
Albert, “This is an amazing place, Andy! The life in the world outside transforms into bodies devoid of life here. Sallieee! Where are you, Sally!” Albert sang the last lines as if Sally was playing hide and seek with him. Sally woke up startled with the terrorizing voice of Albert. She shook in fear but beyond the inner fear laid the sweetness of triumph. She was waiting for this; she wouldn’t die before having tried to eliminate this monster; so that he can’t hunt down anyone else.  She was in delirium but she was sure that this was him and she was sure that she had to hit him as hard as she could and that she will have only one chance at it. 
Albert heard movement, “Did I hear your fear Sally? Was it your heartbeat that I heard? Labored breathing, the heat and the sweat, huh? You know, when the heart stops, the blood begins to puddle and the blush of your skin fades away, it loses elasticity. The skin hue begins to shift towards purple and gets slimy and cold. The blood cheats on the nails and lips and becomes sticky-gooey while leaving them pale. First the eyes sink in and then bulge out before the body microbes start to eat it. The muscles tighten and the body stiffens up. The color of skin shifts to greenish-blue later and the stiffness gives in to a limp in the whole body. It bloats till it looks like it is going to burst liberating liquids from inside but the tank that the body is, has vents, mouth, nose, anus etc.; the liquids rush out and lessen some pressure built up inside. The escaping gases leave blisters on the skin but later cracks and gives way to gases and liquids. The nails and hair look relatively larger in comparison with the shrinking of body but they loosen. Sometimes I pulled them out myself!” Albert laughed resembling the real monster that he was.
Albert continued, “You know Sally why I am telling you this; because you are a curious young lady who wants to know. Because you will miss this whole experience after you die….”
“But you will not miss this experience!” Sally came running with a small hammer with a hooked handle towards Albert and attacked his face with full force. “No Sally!” Josh who had arrived there, yelled from the direction facing her back. Sally who had momentarily overpowered Albert got distracted and turned back towards her lover’s voice, “Josh! You came….” Her voice choked with the pressure that Albert exerted with his arm on her neck.
“NOooo!” Josh cried seeing his planning getting shattered before his eyes with one wrong move. Albert fastened his grip on her neck and wiped out the blood oozing from his eye which Sally had hit. “Your fucking boyfriend is here; love is in the air! But at the end of life and love the victory adorns the death and only death. I have a changed my plan now! Andy, now!”
Andy leapt on Josh and hit his head with something. For a moment Josh fell lifeless holding his bleeding head. Sally in the grip of the grotesque murderer was the last thing his eyes could see.
“I have earned a lot of money from the organ trade, now is the time to take revenge! I will not cut your body slowly after a painless death; rather I will slice it before you, while you are alive and watching. Andy! Bring on the Bone Saw!” Albert yelled right in her ear while choking her. 
Andy smiled wickedly and went to a shelf and pulled out a saw with a large and broad blade. Josh woke up and attacked Andy’s foot with the metal rod which had previously been used by Andy to hit his head. He hit Andy’s foot with the pointed part of the metal rod. Josh kicked his head with his foot and twisted it and stopped only after making sure that Andy was dead. Josh somehow staggered towards Albert who was piercing the pointed edge of the hammer on Sally’s left shoulder. He seemed to intermittently remove it and again hit it hard on her collar bone; Sally was covered in blood. He was a professional and could actually seriously wound Sally. Sally’s cry echoed in the basement. Albert now was trying to open her head from her backbone.
Josh was so moved by the scene that he suddenly felt powerful and aggressive; he picked up the bone saw and dashed at Albert, Albert moved out of his way and Josh fell on his head on the floor. Albert left Sally, who fell flat on the floor; now Albert sprung at Josh to deal him with a final blow. He seized the bone saw saying, “It’s my tool, man!” He sat astride on Josh and with its rigorous movement against Josh’ abdomen, he tore it open. Josh even didn’t cry with pain.
Sally had by then reached to the spot where Andy lay dead and picked up the metal rod. She gathered her energy from all over her body and attacked Albert’s head with the blunt part of the rod; she seemed to have made a minimal impact as Albert was still sitting. Albert touched the back of his head which was perhaps broken by the blow and then turned towards Sally with the bone saw. He grabbed her thighs before she could escape and limp away. 
He ran it to and fro against the soft skin of her healthy leg and began slicing it. “It will carve your bone in a unique pattern!” The whole hall filled with her cries; the last ones left in her heart. The pain was unimaginable.
“Not while I am still breathing!” Josh hit Albert with the pointed metal rod and tore through his abdomen. He pulled it out with difficulty and again thrust it in with all his might. Spurts of blood reached Josh’ face too; they had finally gotten rid of the devil. ”Death comes to the murderer too! It’s imminent!” Josh said this and with the final blow he himself fell back on the ground. All the three bodies were bathed in blood. 
Sally somehow slithered to Josh and lay by his side holding his hand. “I love you Sals! Forever!” Josh opened his eyes once to look at her and closed it. “I love you baby! God knows I do! Oh God, Josh, Josh! No! Noooo!” Sally cried in despair. In grief and with weakening senses she didn’t even realize when the police arrived. They accompanied Julian. Sally closed her eyes; she needed to rest; may be forever.
But when she woke up for a minute in the hospital, she saw her mom’s face. She smiled and placed her soothing hand over her daughter’s. Sally smiled back and said only one word, “Josh?” Her mom sighed and said, “He is battling for life for 48 hours now. May be she heard these words; maybe not. Her mother sobbed not just at her daughter’s condition but also at her whole life sprawling inside this hospital.
Chapter 15: 8 months later
Sally was getting ready for a surprise party planned at a resort in Houston. She had this short black dress finalized by her loved ones for this special occasion but she won’t be wearing it. It’s not like she didn’t try this dress out, she did and thought she looked rather pretty in this one, but the wound that Albert had given him with his bone saw would pop out and she turned down wearing it. It wasn’t like she was scared or something, she had instead developed as a rather bold and adamant woman after that life threatening encounter. But it was not something she wanted to flaunt to the world.
She preferred it to be hidden beneath the clothes. It reminded her of something bad and because she had decided to move on in life, she didn’t want to relive that experience over and over again. Life seemed like a grand celebration to her after that. She still loved the water but now didn’t distinguish them based on the soluble salts in them; she still loved water so she wore an aqua green floor length gown. She wore a pearl choker to cover up the marks of the wounds given by Albert. Everyone in the family and her acquaintances respected her now and valued her like a gem. 
She was ready but she felt something lacking in her look. She pulled out the red lipstick, her now favorite color and applied it on her protruding lips. She had kept a little bit of Nicole with her and remembered her quote about red color as a mantra. 
She took out the letter that Nancy had tucked in her shirt the day she had succumbed to death in trying to protect Sally; a letter which her mother had found in her shirt’s folded cuffs. She wanted to remember everyone today so she opened it and read again-

“My dear Sally
I have always loved you like a daughter. But I have to make a confession. I have been acting as a partner in crime; Albert’s partner. I have incurable cancer which has spread to my every part. I won’t live much, but whatever my life will be after this, I will be complete a waste.
When I saw you, I saw my own late daughter, so much resemblance that I wanted you to live here with me forever. But I am a bad woman in the story. I have cooperated with Albert in his illegal organ trade, thereby causing deaths of many innocents. I am guilty and don’t deserve any good. I know soon I will be facing God, but in my heart I think I deserve only hell. I married Albert for my treatment so that I will have someone by my side but he married me because he saw a silent and feeble partner in me. But the psycho dragged me to the darkness of this dreadful crime, slowly, sometimes with aggression and the others with his mind games. I am telling you that he is a very intelligent and high-tech criminal. Run out and tell everybody out there. 
But I made myself a promise that I won’t let him harm you. So I wanted you to run away from this hell. Every corner is under surveillance here, every call is tapped. He knows everything that you say or do or plan to do. So I made up a foolish plan to raise your rent. But it was too late. I hope you see this before he harms you.
It’s not like I didn’t call the cops; once I did but there is a big nexus whose head this monster is. I was too weak to act any further. But I will sacrifice every bit to save you this time. He has two more assistants that I know of, hidden in this mansion. I don’t know any further. 
I want you to run away before meeting him again. Call your boyfriend and flee with him to never look back again towards this place. I pray for your happiness and luck and love in your life further, with your man. I pray to God that your life be filled with, love and joys and kisses and that any thorn or scratch or tear be mine.  He is a nice guy. My blessings are always with you! I love you sweetie. Just the time was not too kind. 
This is goodbye Sals! Love is there, even when you can’t see it!

Your unscrupulous Nancy!”

Sally folded the letter and replaced it in the drawer. She took her hat and bag and crutches; caught a cab to reach the place she was called at.
Sally entered the resort with a smile on her face. Her mother held her by wrist and hugged her. Gertrude, “You look fabulous my princess!” Sally smiled and said, “Thank you mom! You look sexy in this strapless gown!” Her mom instantly replied, “Whose mother am I?” They both laughed a little and mom led her to meet others; a few but very special guests.
She was welcomed by Cedric, Gregg, Clara and some more new friends she made in these months. Then there came Julian with his tiny yet tall sister, Gwen whom Albert had captured to blackmail him. The ambiance was decorated with flowers and there was a pleasant aroma wafting through her nostrils. 
A man hiding his face behind a bouquet made with red roses stood at the centre of the buffet hall. He extended this bouquet to the beautiful lady who accepted it shyly. He sat down on one knee and opened a ring box, “Will you marry me Sally?” Josh said with a smile on his face. 
Tears welled up in her eyes and giving her hand in his, she softly said, “Yes! Of course Josh!” Josh didn’t wait a second before slipping in the huge glittering ring in her ring finger. Everyone in the hall clapped and Josh stood up. Sally shook her head and stopped him, she then locked her arms behind his back and pulled him towards her; knowing what was coming, Josh bent his head for Sally to put a kiss over his forehead where the scar still lay. The scar which was caused by the blow he was struck with by Andy. 
The scar which was their token of love; of their eternal bond of mutual trust and belief which always existed there reminding them of the courage they had shown that unfortunate day. It was Sally’s pride to have this man in her life. It was Josh’ proof that the day they will have trouble both of them will fight for each other till the end. Their love had come a long way, from the young hearts’ love at first sight to a mature love made of indestructible bond. It was a beautiful ending to a horrible tale.
At one side there was hatred; enormous hatred and at the other was love which won.





The Aftermath

*Dr. Albert Chambers was accused of 39 murders

*In the US, National Organ Transplant Act of 1984 (NOTA) bans the sale of human organs. All the countries of the world (one exception) have declared organ trafficking as an illegal trade. Most of them are awarded with imprisonment starting from 10 years of rigorous service to a lifetime rot in jail. Albert had been punished under the provisions of NOTA, and charges of murders, abduction etc. have been imposed upon him. Today he rots behind bars forever. In TX the mandatory sentencing for murder is imprisonment of at least 30 years up to 99 years or life whichever is earlier. Only one person was actually reported to have engaged in organ trade in 2011, in the US. There are several countries where the trade in black market is on boom.
Organ trade is a heinous and also illegal crime. One is rather encouraged to donate his/her organs for free of cost. 
*Julian’s teenage sister was held captive by Albert Chambers whom the cops recovered in an unconscious state.
*7 unidentifiable bodies at different degrees of decomposition were recovered at the crime spot and cremated respectfully.
* It was revealed that Albert was the biggest name in this nexus and the only one to provide organs for money.
*Lake Texoma is a beautiful and totally safe place. No such crime has ever been reported from there. Dr. Albert Chambers is a fictitious character which has no record anywhere, but if he has, its mere coincidence! It does not in any way deduce any traits about the people of Texas and Oklahoma. The place was chosen in the story for its panoramic beauty. 
*Apart from the above disclaimer there is some truth to the story. Organ trade (including blood) is happening because of demand- supply difference. People donate organs in meager numbers. Many people need them and don’t get it on time. This gives a market gap to the criminals who sell them for ransom and sometimes force people to sell; the crime culminates to murders. 
