Legacy Tales: A Horror-Noir Fan Fiction Chapbook

By
Valkyrie Kerry
Brett Dyer
Jason Jenkover
Christopher Baker
Jon Dufresne
Atticus Jurnet


Published by Immortalis © an imprint of Horrotica © 2022
In association with the sister imprints LegacyTales © 2022, LegacyMonsters © 2022, LegacyNoir © 2022 and LegacyComics © 2022.

Cover Design by Valkyrie Kerry and Ashley Land

This is primarily a fan fiction works, although original characters are presented within. We do not own the characters or rights to the characters taken from film and television fandom. We are not affiliated to those production companies in anyway. This is a work of love and dedication towards those characters and is a not-for-profit venture.

Dedicated to the memory of
Jeanne Sharon Moore Baker
1942-2018


Contents

Contents
Introduction
Vignette 1: Candyman Whispers
Vignette 2: The Wishmaster
Vignette 3: Larry Talbot, How High the Moon
Vignette 4: Arkham Noir
Vignette 5: The Creature from the Black Lagoon
Vignette 6: The Shape
Vignette 7: Batman and the Pale Moon Light
Vignette 8: Sin City, A Horror-Noir Fandom Tale
Vignette 9: Tales from the Crypt, Hellevision
Vignette 10: The Twilight Zone, A Stitch in Time
Vignette 11: Phantasm, New Worlds
Vignette 12: Jason Voorhees, Abandoned Chase
Vignette 13: Freddy, Shelter (With Jason and Ash)

Introduction

This chapbook comprises a selection of dark, gritty, horror-noir fan fiction. Original tales to appease the most ardent movie fanatics. There are plenty of Easter eggs and nods, and a broad and diverse selection of characters to sate the most devouring appetites.

An ode to much-loved horror and cult fandom figures. Legacy Tales create fanfiction and original character content in the realms of horror, science fiction and fantasy. We strive to offer original insights and story arcs crafted to showcase our most beloved fictional characters. 

Twitter has provided a platform that has enabled the craft of co-writing to expand and delve into new territories, whilst drawing on other media and practices.

Legacy Tales members may be contacted on Twitter:
Valkyrie Kerry @JasonVoorheesIM
Brett Dyer @Ashy_slashee
Christopher Baker @00Commander
Jason Jenkover @CobraCommand_er
Jon Dufresne @HellboyBPRDRP 
Atticus Jurnet @KaijuKitty2


Vignette 1: Candyman Whispers

By Valkyrie Kerry

Part One 

I am the whispers in the corridors, a rumour in the classroom. I am the writing on the wall. A garish reminder of what was, what is, and what shall be. My very existence resides in the hearts of my congregation, for their fear keeps me alive. To deny my existence will bring the wrath of suffering upon you, an exquisite rapture where pain and pleasure shall burn and sting with the torture of time. The torture inflicted on those who offer sweets for the sweet. Be my victim, for what is blood if not for shedding? 

I have come for you, and in your darkest hour the light of life shall reflect coldly through the sting of death. Do not fear the agonies, for they shall be granted in ecstasy. My words fall like honey upon your ears, heed them. This legend must never die.

Part Two

Candy, the honey of life, sweet yet deadly. Razorblades beneath sugary essences, cutting with each delicate bite. Imbibing death, welcoming it as if taking sweets from a strange. Such is the beginning of each Candyman. The genesis of legend. Its cause and it's necessity. Hope in the absence of hope, false promises defined in context through each era. A whisper in the darkness, but these are not the legends indigenous to campgrounds, they are not told over burning fires. 

These legends echo in the hearts and minds of those who need to remember. Hushed tones, for to speak of them attracts the very monsters created through monstrous action and discourse. I am one legend, but my tale has been replicated across time and space. We are one in our suffering. My congregations fear reminds them why they should tremble at the constructs of others. 

I was a free man in a world that wanted so very badly to quell my liberty, for freedom was but an illusion. A bee circling the hornets’ nest, the hornets ever waiting to crush the unique creature. Yet they still wanted his honey. My honey came from easel and brush. An artist, educated as a free man, my nectar sought but my history never forgotten. Patronage offered and patronization ensured. A rare commodity, one to be flaunted and encouraged, fashionable yet still an outcast. Trapped between two worlds, both filled with disdain. Such is the genesis of this tale, such is the beginning of The Candyman.

Part Three

What is love if not the binary opposition of hate? For the one cannot exist without the other. For meaning lies in contrast, but there lies a fine line between love and hate. It is not the vast chasm depicted in nomenclature. Too simple it would be. Love is the essence that drives us, the motivation that goals us. It is desire for that which is aesthetically pleasing. It is the reflection of beauty as scribed or reminisced on paper. The immeasurable understanding between two beings. What is hate if not both the opposite and the same?  

From love stems envy and wrath, and there after those blackened emotions spiral into hate, an understanding between souls. I loved her, my muse. My soul. She tamed my desire and fulfilled my yearning. Caroline Sullivan, the subject of my art. Aesthetically pleasing. Our coupling the story of legends. Forbidden for timeless reasons. Yet unrelenting, for she saw the beauty within. She would suffer watching that beauty torn and shredded before her very eyes. Our love burned in passionate flames, for passion is to be found in love and hate.

Part Four

Our love was doomed, for history created the narrative. History determined that we were not meant to be. Slowing the strokes of my brush to ensure spending longer hours with my beloved Caroline. Dark evenings overshadowing hot, passionate days. But the writing was on the wall. My future nothing more than history repeating itself, love and hate entwined as the yarn spins about itself. The yarn of disdain, the falsehood of freedom. No true freedom is possible under the evil eye of prejudice's stare. That watchful eye.

An eye that forbids love between lovers when one is deemed unworthy. Different. Unique. Shallow hearts and minds, instead of celebrating our union, and the divine gem born from it, they wreaked a furious vengeance. It was inevitable, it was my destiny. Daniel Robitaille, his fate carved. Who I once was, no longer who I am. They came for me. Those still entrenched in a world of domination and subjugation. Those who fashionably sought my craft but deemed me unfit. Her father, the town. Angered by love, triggered by hate. Vengeance prepared.

Part Five

Heyward was destined to discover our secretive love. Caroline's father, Heyward Sullivan. His patronage of my work a contradiction born of hypocrisy and cruelty. Caroline's portrait barely complete, scarcely capturing her beauty. Her swelling belly visible, her father's growing lynch mob approach. Our love countered by the hate of the masses, darkened by a grotesque attitude. As I run through the valley of the shadow of death they follow. Drive me forth, a lamb to the slaughter. 

Fearful, not just for my own life but for Caroline, my beloved, abandoned to their despicable loathing. The mob catches me, severs my arm and inserts a hook. They smear my body with honey from a nearby apiary. Sweets for the sweet. Nectar for the bees' callous sting. Hideously soaked in wounds I lay as Heyward casts my reflection eternally into Caroline's mirror. There the Candyman hides. There the Candyman waits. Caroline's mirror, a glimpse into her world for the entrapped soul. Whisked beyond as the mob burn my body, cleansed by fire, but not gone. Forever waiting.

Part Six

Education, a right and privilege, does not stem purely from the mindset of the masses. Knowledge lays embedded in history's aesthetics and terrors. It is understanding whether using words of science, philosophy or art. Each offers an avenue of understanding. Swarms follow the paths trodden by the masses, sheltered under the protection of a cultural sword. Other schools of thought imparted only on the few, only on those who's minds are open to it. The brush, a commodity. Belief, a heritage. 

Belief from another world, across oceans. Lost to modern man's shallow mind. Offering incomprehensible lore and metaphysics another name, such is the power of the mind. Vodun, sprung from the streams of another world, trickled into a new one. Carried from generation to generation and mixed with the seeds of other ideologies. Songs sung, traditions and rituals followed, words engraved on the soul. Caroline, open to my words, accepted this other path just as she accepted me. Anticipating the inevitable, she prepared. Belief is a powerful magic, and she believed.

Her mirror prepared in readiness; another world reflected. Awaiting my cursed soul, and predicting her father's actions she beheld it, and he held it, casting my soul into the beyond. Ever forlorn she could see my reflection, as I waited for my magic to grow. Waited for my soul to be released. Eternally tied to Caroline, to the world beyond the glass. An essence, desperate to be remembered, aching to be released. As word spread from generation to generation, my congregation grew. As did my passion. As did my wrath. As did my vengeance.

Part Seven

Lake Arthur, Louisiana 1896 

Marie Philomene Glapion, daughter of Marie Laveaux, she who was accused of sacrilegious practise and thereafter obliged to seek forgiveness and conform, stares into the lake's beloved mist. She sighs. Her congregation gathers. Their ruse: a gathering of artists determined to daub their canvas with the lake's compelling image. Steadily they convene, checking their environment, for strangers lurk in the shadows. Preparing for the sermon to begin. 

'They call us 'Creole,' because it is comforting to label all that is not understood, and thus use words to give understanding. Creole, wrongly applied, but normalized in nomenclature. They have called us 'witches' because our comprehension of mysticism departs from their own. We hide behind a red, gold and green cloak to appease their demands. But we gather here because we do not forget our own beliefs, nor our own heritage. We shall not be moulded from the clay of another ideology nor expectations. Scribes are not needed; we have a traditional of passing our legends from generation to generation by word of mouth. That is why we meet surreptitiously, avoiding the watchful eye of those who may judge us. 

‘Judgment has been passed before and shall be again. We are not truly free, merely free to conform to a world that is not ours. Let us today remember our sadly departed brother, the free man. The artist, Daniel Robitaille. Judged and executed beyond any law, yet no punishment was offered, for we are not free. No mercy was shown, for we are not free. Retribution comes from our belief, our conviction in him offers life. Sweets for our sweet, our Candyman. Vengeance is his just as it is ours. Cast into the mirrored world, his release and their suffering come from looking into the reflection and saying his name five times. 

‘Candyman. Baptised once again in depth. Spread the word, spread the whisper. Let his mythologies grow, he is part of our history. Their disbelief will force them to believe. They will dig, they will find, and they will obsess until they call upon him. And he will come. Go now, go and TELL EVERYONE.'

Part Eight

CANDYMAN
Whispers of a nightmarish dream, the tortured man risen, spread. His demise 1890, trapped in the glass. Resurrected through the power of the word in 1896, but he waits until 1992 to take Helen Lyle, Caroline reincarnated, into his legend.

CANDYMAN 
In the electric chair George Stinney is placed. Starved and bribed into a false confession. He is no murderer, could not have killed the two women, it is 1944. A bleak war-torn year. Falsefully and forcefully indicted. Worn, exhausted, he surrenders to the chair pulses.

CANDYMAN 
Cabrini Green, the housing projects, 1977. Designed ghettos, an eye sore to the architects. Family unity in an impoverished world. Sherman Fields offers sweets to the sweet, candy to the children. Razor blades appear im candy after the authorities wrongly end his life.

CANDYMAN 
James Byrd Jr, contrasting with his Texan neighbours, accepts a lift. Supremely cruel. He is spray painted, tortured and tied to a truck. Dragged alive on the asphalt until his body is abandoned at the unwelcome gospel Church. As late as 1998. History on a loop.

CANDYMAN 
Anthony McCoy, Cabrini Green, 2021. RIP. Projects turned to dust, unwelcome locally. A new world, allegedly. A new world, on the surface. Social mobility, possible. Relationships, diverse. Until fear drives the hatred to the surface, and the trigger is pulled.

Part Nine

Dedicated to the memory of Henry Johnson and Needham Roberts who served 191 days on the battlefields of WWI as part of the 369th infantry regiment. 

Drafted from his fields in Elaine, Arkansas, Henry Roberts found himself entrenched within the Harlem Hellfighters. Whilst his peers in other regiments adopted servile rolls scrubbing latrines, Henry trained in combat. The 369th regiment, loaned to France, treated as equals. Their boots held the greatest shine, for the battleground was not level. 'I serve to show my country that we are worthy and deserving of the equality not freely offered in our liberated world. Woodrow would not object to the valiant courage and determination in support of democracy. 

‘I stand side by side with my fellow man, as one, willing my life to remove the rocks from the terrain and level the field.' Officers stood in awe at his words, and for more than 6 months he braved hell for both cause and country. Thereafter awarded La Croix de la Guerre. Honoured. The hero's welcome did not last. 

Returning to his home he found land's stolen, learned of the abuses endured by comrades serving in other divisions. Fighting for his country, fighting for an even landscape, fighting for his property. And life as the lynch mob hauled him through Elaine. Such is the uneven ground on which he stood. Such was the harsh reality of the waiting noose.

'As a man who once fought for his country, I accept my fate. Grant me one dying wish. To see my own image.' So, the looking glass was permitted. So, he did stare deep within. Candyman, just in his cause. 'Candyman. Candyman. Candyman. Candyman.' 
'What you say? What is that? Candyman?' 
.... 
'And so, I answer the call, another drop of honey enriching my history. Those who live by hate shall die by it. Those who dig the soil, & spill the stones just as they spill blood... Those keeping the battlegrounds rugged and uneven, they shall learn the exquisite agonies of the suffering they cause.'  

My reflection manifests in reality, and with strained moans the forgetful antagonists are ripped from stomach to throat. I turn to the newest member of my congregation, 'Go North, do not permit lies in our history. Tell everyone!'

Part Ten

She sits by the Bayou as the jazz age ends. Meticulous in her dealings, such fortune. Such elevation. Barely a shadow in her youth, domestic worker, woven into the fabric of the furnishings. Unhindered in her attention, unobserved and unnoticeable. Utilising her invisibility to her advantage. Attuned to the ramblings of the wealthy, the direction of their investments. The greed of the upper echelons. A few dollars strategically placed, a few more invested, a rapidly developing portfolio. In time independent, wealthy, or independently wealthy. Ellie May, toast of New Orleans, as money trumps attitude. 

Some voices call my name seeking compassion. As the eulogy of her business partner was read, his widow cried for his share. Her share. Such is the ties that bind. Rumours abound, spawned of a greedy soul. Much lost, as the court averts their eyes from the evidence. Open their ears to the tall tales of solicitation and witchcraft. Rattling the bones by the bayou. An easy fish to catch. Isolated for years, until the markets crash. 1929, debts called in, investments lost.

Crumbs of her riches scattered about the rambling plantation. The little that is left ready for the taking. Alligators approach snapping hungry teeth. Memories of a legend flood, as she sits by the stillness of the bayou. Her worn eyes, fatigued by life, peer into the waters. Willingly they offer a crystal reflection, her mirror image. A single tear drops into the swamp, scattering into a ripple, until the ripples melt into stagnation. Locking eyes with herself, she delves deeply into the watery vision, 'Candyman, Candyman,' she whispers. Hesitates. 

'Candyman,' her life flashes before her fixated gaze. 'Candyman,' she blinks, sighing. Prepares, secretly pleads for a compassionate release. 'Candyman!' The bayou trembles, she draws from her reflection and turns as the heavy breathing fills her ears. There he stands, arms outstretched, offering salvation. She steps into his embrace, accepts eternal purgatory. 

The hook strokes her body, 'I have come for you,' he whispers as the hook penetrates her belly and tears into her soul. Her mouth opens, but the scream is silent, his embrace tightens against the morbid agony. Soothes as he inflicts suffering, calms as he releases her spirit from its incarceration. The blood flows, crimson soils, scarlet waters. He takes her beyond, a broken prisoner subject to his sympathetic legend.

Part Eleven

Folk tale, passed from generation to generation, an idea. An abstract, hidden in the world of reflections. I remind you of that which is etched in history's hall of horrors. Cries in the darkness. Calls on the wind. A myth, or reminder. Seven years of bad luck, as the mirror shatters. For when his mirror, my mirror, the mirror of the others shatters, then we are removed. Then the rot sets in. 

Stare longingly, for I shall not come to the call, the heart must desire it. Must not forsake it. For that is the cycle. I am that which was and cannot be changed. Falsify the fairy-tale, spin webs of deceit, but you shall not succeed. Once the word was cast, just as my reflection was cast and chained, there was no halting the bus. No preventing us from occupying the front thrones. Wheels in motion. And the word spread further, across the globe. Ancestry unforgotten, traditions retained. Even in the throttling face of aversity. Even in the burning pyres of hostility. Across lines and oceans. Across darkness and light. So were the words spoken. Remembered. My legend.

Our legend. Reflections live on. Sharpen your gaze, relish your mirrors. Cracks define all, an unwillingness to believe and recall. Remember me in your dreams, do not let the legend die. For I will come for you, I will remind my congregation from desert to forest. I live on.

Part Twelve

Haiti, Hispaniola 1950 

Centuries ago, taken from the shores of Africa, my congregation came. Accepting and open, carrying their own traditions and own beliefs to faraway lands. Without liberty, without land, yet they persevered. For freedom came but steadily, and not without its hardships. As time wandered forth, and the hardships progressed, so too were those beliefs smelted and given a new hilt. Mother spirit calls, living through nature, just as the Lord chimes in with the drumming of an initial prayer.

In duck's shelter, feet embedded in the sands, they dance and praise her. Erzuli, Mother Spirit. Possessive, feeding from the energies of those that call upon her, and of their sacrifices. Loa, spirit. Dancing continues, drumming continues. Subject to the auspices of Baron Samedi and Mambo Mamaloi, Priest and priestess. Father and mother. Just as I am father to my flock. Folk traditions drifted west, the homeland long (and forcefully) abandoned, but the spirits live on. 

Our connection, our history, our heritage. These must be maintained. Traditions emanating from Benin. 6000 years the dance has continued, often misjudged, or misunderstood. Secretly when required, but never forsaken. 

April 2003 
Jean-Bertrand Aristide officially sanctioned Voodoo as a recognised religion in Haiti.

Part Thirteen

Cabrini-Green Chicago 1964 

The last of the furniture in place, Lou Jackson looks about her new home. A much better environment for her son Joe. Just turned 13, the slums of Chicago doused him with a negativity. Poverty induced melancholy that infected the school environment. Chicago Council, seeing the plight of many trapped in an endless cycle of impoverished doldrums, developed a plan. Expand existing housing projects. Herd those struggling into box upon box of apartments. Miniscule investment, social housing. Poorly planned, thoughtlessly constructed, but no doubt hope's dream was the intention. 

Not necessarily a good intention, more convenience for other echelons of society. But for Lou the offer of a new life, a new school and some economic improvement was more than she could have hoped for. Those fragile walls enclose with the lock of her door. Fourteen floors high, family stacked upon family. Penury removed, reformed and regurgitated. Those fragile walls shake with the false salvation of destitution. Those fragile walls hum with paper thin folktales.

Sharing in their plight, communities form. Families stand side by side, but fear of outsiders rises, fear driven by experience. Driven by alienation. My congregation's voices slowly merge until a single word forms on its silent lips. 'Candyman.'

Part Fourteen

Civil planning, creation of the ghetto. Home to Lou Jackson, and the wider community. An unnecessary segregation deemed necessary by the deliberate catches within a blind infrastructure. Repetition of an origin tale steeped in history's wake. 

Benin, 1798, The Blues and Beyond

Fear of difference, subjugation based on ignorance and segregation. Even home loses its security, for the land is deemed free for the taking, as are its people. Commodities, their own worth unrealised. Their own turf tainted by those entitled strangers, and their fears. So, the people are taken, separated from families and loved ones. Their homes forgotten, ploughed back into the Earth, as the people are herded onto the ships. Crushed together, forced to work for their own incarceration. Their very lives at the mercy of armed crew. Tempers fray.

The stolen suffer, thrown overboard or laced with bullets. Mutinies quashed quickly. No care for the terror growing within the prisoners. Sailing into the unknown, domineered by the callous and the bias. Diseases carried, and shared. Victims tossed into the depths, like disposable garbage. 

A taste of what lies ahead. The abuses of slavery, the abuses after abolition. Even a free person can be chained by legislation, segregation, apartheid in education. Discrimination in employment. Refusal to investigate burning pyres. But joy sang through the blues. A new age, but the tides beneath the ships never quite wash away. An undercurrent swells into a maelstrom. Them and us. Their classrooms, and ours. Their jobs, and ours. Their transport, and ours. Always offering my congregation leftovers, scraps. 

Ability meaningless. A carefully crafted economy, graft meaningless, and the slums grow whilst landlords thrive. Until the architects of infrastructure find it distasteful, draw up new plans. Clean up the towns, such is their vision. But the fight rallies on. For King and culture. The projects rise. 

And once again our history stays close to our hearts. We cherish the songs of our past, the tales of our heritage. We forge communities, but the architecture is poor, and the cracks grind through. Behind the mirror, I wait. Always answering the hymns and blues of my congregation. 

Lou Jackson, her faith waivers. She has hope and faith in the architects. Doubts, forgets. And so, I am obliged to come...

Part Fifteen

New Orleans, 1934 

'Come closer now chi'l, let granny take a good look at you. It's been so long since I seen you, moving up North like our family hasn't moved enough. Big fancy towns, fancy worlds. Your mama, she grew up here by the Bayou. She grew up with learning about life, and God in their hearts. She knew our songs, and our tales. Passed down from mother to chi'l for long a year. We didn't have no books to look at, no radios to hear voices on. 

‘What we had was community. You remember that, because family and community is everything, 'specially when the world ain't offering what's right or fair. It's just as it is, and what is is what must be. We had each other. Those times seem gone, but they ain't. They're out there, waiting. That's when he comes. We don't mention his name, that's not fear. 

‘That's respect. Granny grew up with respect, in the old ways. Granny remembers. My own Granny remembered freedom *laughs* they're ain't no such thing as freedom, not really, not for any of us. Or them. Slaves to the ways of the world, those that makes then ways well they're slaves to the shiny things. The money. Freedom is a word, don't be putting much faith in it. Put your faith in God. 

‘Losing hope is bad, losing faith, worse. This is why we don't say his name, but we know it. We share it. Sweets for the sweet. Candyman, utter it rarely and only once, let his congregation grow through your own chi'l. Your grandchi'l. He wants to be remembered, and we remember him as a whisper. There are those that wanna test him. Stare in the mirror they do, say his name five times, then he comes. He comes as he is called, as he is doubted. 

‘A reminder of who we are, where we came from, and those who will never treat us right. There's always those, nothin' changes that much. That's when we need our community, our family, our tribe. It don't matter what part of the world we live in, we have each other. Don't ever forget that. That's what make us strong. That's why we still here. You take them words, use them carefully. 

‘Whispers chi'l. One person to the next, no more because we don't say his name unless we have ta. But that don't mean he don't need his congregation, and his congregation they need each other. Now go, tell one person. Let the legend grow, until the congregation tell everyone. Whispers chi'l, always in whispers. My lovely Lou. Remember, Granny loves you.'

Part Sixteen

Cabrini-Green, 1965 

Lou Jackson stares through her window, her eyes cast down at the communal park below. Her son, lost in his games. Happy with friends. Community spirit haunts the projects, sealing the open wounds. She barely notices the shadow as it flicks across the glass. Fleeting, perhaps not there at all. Though not paradise, it is home. 

She watches for a while, awash with pride, as her son plays carelessly. Swaddled in the purity of innocence. Paper thin walls allow her ears to glimpse the movements and occasional chatter that sails past her door. She resumes her cleaning, though there is not much. Just the two of them in a small apartment. None the less she makes it a comfortable home. 

Her radio sings in the background. Finally, she collapses on the sofa. Her eyes close and she inhales deeply. Time passes. She barely notices the radio as it crackles and then falls into silence. It is something else that startles her. Something else that wakes her from her daydreams. A noise, metal thudding against porcelain. She stands, confused. Follows the sound.

Seeks out its origin. She passes her son's tiny room. The open door revealing its emptiness, and heads to the bathroom. Another clatter. 
'Hello,' she calls, the shake in her voice relaying her fears. 'Is somebody in there?' She pushes the door. Nothing. Again, the sound echoes. A calling perhaps. She steps towards the shower curtain, takes a breath and wrenches it back. Her sigh of relief filling the air. Another clatter. She turns and faces the cabinet, the mirror. Her eyes lock on those of her reflection as the door creaks shut. 

A shiver stings her spine. Her breathing quickens and she throws open the cabinet mirror. Nothing. She closes her eyes, as she does a light flashes within her own mind. An unwelcome image forces its way in. Blood soaking the shower curtain, blood soaking the mirror. Then it is gone. Trembling, she pulls the cabinet from the wall. A loose fitting swivels and it is easily lifted. There, in the safety of her abode, she sees it. The hole. A route into the next apartment. The empty apartment, the one no one talks about. 

She thinks of Old Man Willy. A drifter known for roaming the block, drink in hand, stopping the residents and telling tales of he who shall not be named. He who hides in that very apartment waiting to be called. His tales reminiscent of those told by her granny years ago. Wild folk tales to frighten children. Yet those tales, ingrained in her mind, contribute to her reluctance to look beyond the veil. Steadily she places one knee on the basin and forces her head through the hole. Lou blinks, jumps back and tumbles to the floor. 'Do my eyes deceive me?' She mutters over and over whilst hurriedly replacing the cabinet.

Part Seventeen

How does it feel? Always to be the outcast, the outsider? Always to hope for a family that understands, or friends to complete you but you never quite fit in? Is it an act of God or science? To be so lonely in such a full world. Nothing quite explains the pain, nor does it take it away. For there is no remedy to isolation. It is neither self-imposed nor justified. For how can there be justification in a world where freedom is but a word? Nomenclature, that is all there is. Those that others swarm to. The Hive. The bees. And those of us that eternally live alone, by virtue of skin or persona. 

It matters not. Are we mistakes? Are we a cruel hand of fate's cards? Or are we neither? Simply the taunts of others. To give their lives meaning. For that is what society says they are worth. Even advancement makes no difference. For one will never be judged by achievement, but by description. That is the way of the world. There is no freedom from pain or its binds. They are eternal, and we live in purgatory. Or at least I do. I live in purgatory. Each time you wake me from my slumber I am cursed. Broken. This shall not change. For my wrath is such, my torment is such, I wish I should not wake anymore. I wish I should not wake anymore.

Part Eighteen

Cabrini-Green 1966 

'I bought you a present Joe,' Lou Whispers to her son. The growing lad lowers his comic book, Tales to Astonish. Fiction that inspires his young mind. 
'Where is it Mama?' He asks, a rising excitement glowing in his voice. Lou walks to the window. 'It's out there. In the playground, sitting on the bench waiting for you.' Joe stares at his mother, already taller than her. 'But you gotta go out and get it.' Joe scans the playground as his peers hang listlessly about the equipment. 
'Guess I do,' he replies sullenly, sliding his feet into some worn shoes. 

The elevator is broken, nothing unusual about that. Joe sprints down the endless stairs, by passing the growing graffiti and ignoring the strong acidic smell. Slings about the corner and ignores the rowdy teens loitering at the entrance. As he veers towards the park he hears their mocking tones, 'where you goin' in such a hurry?' Joe continues his marathon until finally locating his target, a new comic book nicely wrapped. He collapses on the bench and discards the paper. 

Instantly he is absorbed into another world. Lost in the heroic world of superheroes. 
'Good to see the young readin'. Good to see them seein' another world.' Joe lowers his book. Old Willy stands before him, swigging whisky from a poorly disguised bottle. 'Open minds!' Willy snaps cryptically, placing his drink in an inside pocket. He reaches deep within another pocket and pulls out an open palm brightened with candy wrappers. Joe frowns but takes one none the less. 'Tall tales in them books,' Willy continues, 'but those tales, they ain't for us.' He staggers slightly.

‘Some tales ain't gonna be found in no comic books.' He raises the sleeve on his other arm, 'some tales they run deep,' revealing a hook. Joe flinches, but Willy's ailment is common knowledge. 'He had one two, the one who's writing is on these walls. It was punishment you see. Those others, those architects what built this place, they don't believe. They don't believe in him, they don't wanna believe in us. He made something of his life. Folks didn't like it. He couldn't have what they had, but he tried so they killed him.' 

Willy withdraws his arm and reaches for another swig of his drink and leans uncomfortably close to Joe's ear. 'They called him 'Candyman.' Death couldn't hold him; some hurts we can't forget.' Joe stands,
 'Mama told me about the Candyman. It's a myth to scare kids is all.' 
'You don't believe?' 
'Na, I don't believe. Crazy ole man!' Joe barks, barging Willy aside. As he strides irately back to his apartment Willy shouts after him, 
'He hears you; he knows you don't believe. Call him, I dare you. Call the Candyman. CALL THE CANDYMAN!!' Joe sweeps into the block and up the stairs, barely noticing the gang of boys surrounding Willy. Rounding on him with a furious melody of laughter. 
***** 
Lights flicker as Joe brushes his teeth, a night-time routine. Flicker and dim. He locks on his own reflection. The lights buzz and dim. Spitting out the last of his mouth foam, Joe utters the first calling, 
'Candyman.' He rinses his toothbrush and drops it back in its cup. 'Candyman!' The light flicks off and on, masking the advancing figure locked in the mists of the glass. 'Candyman.' A slight shudder echoes up the lad's spine. 'Candyman.' The light hums with a powerful buzzing. Darken further. He closes his eyes. The figure in the mirror flashes. Taking a deep breath, Joe opens his eyes whilst muttering the final call, 'Candyman.' 

The light switch flicks darkening the room. His reflection incoherent as Candyman's reflection merges with his own. Drifts across the shine in the shower curtain rail. Seeps into the cup's metallic decor. Lights flicker and raise to their former glory highlighting the emptiness of the room. Joe shakes his head mocking the legend. He turns and leaves. Behind him the residue of a gritty whisper reverberates, 
'You doubted me, so now I am obliged to come...'

Part Nineteen

'Othello was blinded, unable to see the serpent that grew within Iago. Unable to comprehend jealousy. Misplaced trust reflecting misplaced perception. His love for Desdemona bordering obsessive, yet Desdemona has insight but like Cassandra, the Greek seer, she does not act fully on it. Torn between her lover and her father she states, 'I do perceive here a divided duty.' In the binds of her desire, she also foresees her own death and Othello's destruction. If you will read this section for us Joe...Joe!' 

'Miss Rainier!' Joe jumps as if woken from a garish dream. A dream fogged by the mists of the slumbering mind, Othello smothering his beloved. Holding her fast, until a hook tore her asunder. 'Sorry Miss Rainier. I don't feel so good!' Elise lowers her book and fumbles in her desk drawer. 
'Take this pass, go to the office and have them call your mother.' Joe leaves the classroom quietly closing the door behind him. 

The hall is quiet, empty, as if abandoned eons ago. Blinds smother classroom windows, and the one working light barely illuminates his path. He passes lockers suffocated by the colouring of graffiti. Joe stops dead. The graffiti shifts motionless, marring the corridor with a new phrase, 'sweets to the sweet.' And then the sound comes; metal screeching down the lockers, purposefully, meticulously... 

The invisible hook rises and delves into the walls, carving forgotten legends into a new generation. The single light dims, unable to breathe. Envious of the other sleeping candles. Smothered, suffocated, until the sadness takes form. My figure dominates the shadows, forms in the smog of indifference. 
'You called Joe; you did not believe in me. Your generation sows the seeds of doubt in my congregation. So, I must come...' 

'Joe, Joe,' a hand slaps at his face. 'You passed out there. Your mother is on her way.' Joe groggily opens his eyes. 
'Thanks Miss Rainier!'

****
Comic reader or comic artist. Is there a difference? Joe does not care to question his new obsession. Paint hits the canvas; his hands move furiously just as Othello's furious hands moved on Desdemona. Painting after painting, figures or dreams? The Candymen rise.

Part Twenty

Slumber within, sleeping Joe finds himself in a dream within a dream, as the storm batters at the fragile glass. That which makes the world beyond transparent, allows it to manifest and come to life. Portcullis to all that is beyond. 

Heavy with fatigue, Joe envisages an inhuman somnolence; heavy, weighted. Deeper he falls until the nightmare creeps in. A hum at first, then a tune; whirring, buzzing. Swarms gather about his listless soul, but he cannot move. Writhing bodies flock about him as he rests between worlds. 

Internally he screams, cries out for salvation, but it does not come. The bees' fervour continues. They dance upon his skin; he can almost feel the stings penetrating his flesh. Internal cries reach a hysteria until the peak of fear is conquered, and they dissipate. Ebb into muted sobs. The sea of insects parts, his perception is enlightened, and before him the stripped bones of the Candyman arch and stretch. 
'I am obliged to come...' The words start as a whisper, a phrase that repeats, overlays and merges, until a storm of whispers chant within and the melody ultimately reaches a crescendo. 

He wakes with a start. Beads of sweat drip from his forehead, tainted with fear, succulent in the relief that comes from knowing it was but a dream. The storm still howls, rattles at the glass. Lightning flashes as Joe wipes the sweat from his brow. Candyman's reflection, my reflection, echoes distantly in the poorly dressed glass. Unseen as hands mask the boy's eyes. He clambers from his bed, the heaviness still raw, the imagined bee stings still thrumming, and softly treads to the bathroom. Cold water pours from the tap. Joe drops his head, gathering the fluid in his palms and splashing it over a weary face. Only the lightening illuminates the darkened room as he tries not to disturb his mother. The same lightening blasts my powerful reflection through the mirror. Unseen as Joe washes the terror away, washes the legendary essence from his own macabre, yet cynical, curiosity. 

His feet pad from the bathroom to the kitchen, and he pours himself some juice. Light from the fridge sprays about the room. 
'Joe!' The boy jumps, his stomach pounds as he grabs his heart. 'It's late, what are you doing out of bed?' Joe turns to his mother, 
'I was just getting a drink. I was thirs...' His words trail away, the form behind Lou grows, takes shape. Candyman’s form, my form. A hooked hand reaches about her waist...

Part Twenty-One

Suffer little children who do not believe in me. Suffer your existence and succumb.

'Joe, have you ever been diagnosed with an illness of the mind?' Joe remains silent. 'Have you ever been arrested or charged for a criminal offence?' Joe casts his gaze about the room, from the barred windows to the glass of the internal door. All is bland, pale and reeks with layers of filth tainted by financial constraints. 'Joe!' The doctor repeats, 'can you tell me where your mother is?' The doctor waits, but the wait proves futile, 'your neighbours called the police. There was blood everywhere. Tell me where your mother is.' 

The doctor sighs with despondent irritation. 'I cannot help you unless you help me.' Joe turns his head rapidly in the doctor's direction, 
'You don't wanna help me! You want me to lie to you, admit something that ain't true and put it down as just another ghetto crime. Truth is I don't know where she is, I told that to the police, and I told that to you, so why you gotta be asking again?' He hesitates as the silhouette of a child roams the corridor, wanders backwards and forwards, barefoot. Joe's eyebrows knit, he focuses, then blinks, and the apparition fades. 'You ask again because you don't believe me. I'm telling you there was a man in our apartment.' 

The doctor clicks his pen, 'the evidence does not support your version of the stor...' 'What you mean my version? I told you as it is.' Joe tuts and looks through the window, locking his eyes on the residential wing across the gardens. It seems empty from his distance. Devoid of life, until an old man appears, shuffling between the beds. 
'Joe, you leave me no choice. I am afraid that, with your interests in mind, I am obliged to section you. You are clearly dangerous, and worryingly unaware of your own actions. It is the recommendation of this facility that you are admitted and restrained in a confined ward until further notice. A treatment plan will be administered, and it is most likely that you will undergo shock therapy until such a time as you are stable. Trust me son, this is for your own good.' Joe's brow furrows, 
'I ain't your son!'

Part Twenty-Two

Administration, state, architects, they build the structures of confinement, the estates and cells. Prisons and asylums. Refuse and debris swept from sight, the illusion of an innocent landscape, where the fields rest uneven. Fresh from the torture administered, pulsating electricity still tracing through his blood, Joe opens his eyes. Sees what is, his isolation from society. He, and others, ever living on the cusps, liberty infringed upon by the jacket that binds. Straps that dig deep, and sting. 

Home from home. He peers at the door, within the reflection of the safety glass, a frame too small to warrant precautions and housing bars of equal metaphorical implication, Joe sees the weapon of his dreams. The hook. Symbol of stratification, punishment, and weapon. A reminder to the congregation of their past, present and future. Tell everyone. Never forget. Whisper my name. 

The words plague Joe's mind, reverberate, grow. An internal earthquake that spills into audible perception, 
'You doubted, so I had to come!' Joe blinks and looks about the room, finally casting his gaze upwards to the haunting apparition that floats before his eyes. 'Remember...' 

Night-time. Nightmare. Drinking. His mother... And Candyman. As the hook reaches about her body she panics, well versed in the legend, throws herself from him knocking a Compact mirror from her bag on the kitchen side. It shatters, she reaches for a knife. Knife and hook drive in opposite directions, and blood splatters upon the glass. 

Joe jumps at the vision, I hold my aerial position and utter those haunting words, 
'Be my victim...'

Part Twenty-Three

Light after flickering light float overhead, the fizzing electricity combines with the thunderous wheels of the trolley to create a melancholic storm in Joe's ears. The downpour dampened by the screams emanating from his own mouth, 
'he's here! I'm telling you he's here.' Another nurse joins the rumbling caravan and new voices greet the cacophony. 
'What happened sister?' 
'He started screaming, fighting his restraints. Paranoid delusions. He was unresponsive to all medication!' 
'ECT room. Stat.' 
'I don't need it!' Joe protests. 'I don't need it!' 

His cries fall on deaf ears. Porters lift him from trolley to trolley. Dampness soaks his temples.
'Bite down on this!' Someone commands as his lips are silenced. He braces as the shock explodes throughout his blood, a veritable tidal wave. And then all fades. 

Joe clambers from the trolley, and gazes about the empty room. Derelict in appearance, the abandoned hospital looms over him. Night imposes, and through the cracked glass of the windows a voice whispers on the breeze,
'Jj-o-oe, Jj-o-oe...' He turns from the dampened call, and heads into the dilapidated corridors. Not a soul remains, even the architecture seems devoid of a heartbeat. Graffiti stains the innocent walls, 'Sweets to the Sweet.' Joe's feet involuntarily hasten, trying to escape his impending destiny. 

The mutter of the breeze rescinds, replaced by a humming. Instinctively Joe looks about him. A soft brush scrapes his forearm. He flinches, the sudden movement causing the bee to sting. One swipe from his other hand seals the insects fate, and his own. Its carcass falls to the floor. Joe presses on. 

At the far end of the corridor, the passage dims. Light escapes the confines of the asylum, he squints noting a gap in the wall. Fearful, though compelled, he climbs through it. Candles glow. He turns and faces the wall, the mouth of his predator. There, daubed in deference and glory, the likeness of the Candyman stares down at Joe. He peers back through the gaping crevice, into the bathroom of his own apartment.

Part Twenty-Four

Without hesitation, like a bee to the honey, Joe climbs through the crevice into his own apartment. Night locks in about him. He turns back to look into the room of his origin, but sees only glass, the mirror, though his own reflection is notably absent. He peers closer, eyebrows furrowed. A noise startles him, he sees himself wandering aimlessly into the same room, and steps back. Though his former self shows no signs of observance or recognition. Instead, he lowers his head and washes his face. Joe looks above the lowered head and locks eyes with his new reflection as a Candyman.

He startles just as his former self leaves the bathroom. Joe moves closer to the mirror, the Candyman follows suit. He raises his hand, and the reflection obliges. He peers closer, and closer. Until his mother's voice breaks his line of thought. The reflection, the Candyman, side glances in the direction of his mother, and offers an amused, cruel smile. Joe steps forth, but curiosity drives him back. As he slides back so too does the image of the Candyman. Joe shakes his head and hurries to the kitchen. 

Glass from his mother's mirror lays shattered. He hears her voice and turns back towards the door, disjointed, disorientated. Joe stands behind her, his stung arm swollen, a hook hanging between his fingers. Candyman stands behind her, I stand behind her, my stung body buzzing, moving. A hook replacing my arm. 

Joe stares into a shard of glass laying on the floor, unable to tell if I am Candyman or if Joe is. His mother grabs a kitchen knife, lunges towards the phantasm; deranged or confused. Joe pushes her away as the knife slices into him. He stares into the glass again; Candyman or Joe? The reflection raises its hook, and brings it down with a furious vengeance, 
'You denied my existence, banished the tale. I had to come.' Joe watches as his lips move in the mirror, looks up as the Candyman speaks from them. Blood soaks the room. Former Joe freezes and faints. Joe runs instinctively to the bathroom, glares angrily into the mirror, into the face of the Candyman. 

His scream wakes him, restrained in his hospital room, the ECT complete.

Part Twenty-Five

Joe pulls against his binds, cries out into the unheeding atmosphere. Disinfectant fills his nostrils leaving an unpleasant taste in his mouth. Echoes reflect his tumultuous screams as other patients roar in response. He sees beyond... 

Granny sits in the empty church, the remains of a once faithful congregation that met by the depths of a Louisiana bayou. Their faith squandered; their hearts turned to ash. Literally. Each victim to an unnatural, anguished demise. Granny weeps knowing that she has failed. 

Lou wakes up, scarred, blood laden and pained. Her living corpse supine on the altar of his hive. He stands over her, opens his coat, and the bees swarm from his body. The buzzing hum roars from his mouth and glides into her own. She struggles, somewhere a baby wails.

Joe's arm swells and blisters, a reaction to the bee sting of his reverie, perhaps? Or perhaps the mark of fate, an indication of the future, symbolic of history repeating itself. In his deranged mind he sees his mother, he sees his granny, but I unable to help.

'Come, it is time!' The words whisper in the winds that enter the church, call to Granny from the mists of the bayou. Granny acquiesces to the enchantment, tired of waiting and tired of living in fear and isolation. She leaves the church and makes her way to the shore.

My arms wrap about her, acknowledge the wisdom of her age, offer respect. She reaches up touching my wrist. No longer afraid, surrendering, and ready. I link my arm through hers and stretch my hook before her guiding her into the murky waters. Gently taking her beneath the surface. She accepts my morbid invitation willingly, holding me as much as I hold her. Embracing her fate, she sinks into the swamp. Water fills her lungs, but she does not resist. Her eyes close, and she inhales death as the hook caresses her skin and penetrates her ribs.

Joe rubs the blisters against his straps, infuriated at his granny's death. The blisters burst and burn, preternatural and premature sepsis pervades. He envisions his mother. 

Lou rises from the alter, follows the sound of the baby's cries to the window. Beyond she witnesses the pyre. The funeral pyre of a living sacrifice. Without hesitation she hurries down the stairwell and crawls into the stacked wood. She hears the whispers, 'Candyman...Candyman...' They do not see her as she clambers through the flames. Wood cracks and falls. There in the centre she salvages the child, uses her body as a shield. 

The burning sears into exquisite ice, a thousand pins driving acid into her flesh, but still, she drags the child to safety. Her life for his. 
'They shall sing songs to remember us!' I thunder as she ejects the unharmed child 
from her burning tomb. My hooked arm comes, wraps about her and drags her back into her mausoleum. 
Fire and water. 
Fire and ice. 
Joe's skin rips into necrosis, he watches helplessly as his limb dies.

Part Twenty-Six

'Joe, Joe.' Joe looks up as if pulled from a dream or nightmare. His mother's burning or his grandmother's drowning, both etched on his heart. Confusion, locked in a nightmarish battle and fighting for sanity. His perceptions unhinged. 
'I am Dr Dwyer, a specialist. I am sorry that we have failed you so far, I am here to break you free from your delusions and in doing so you should be able to regain your grip on reality.' The doctor shuffles through some papers, 'according to these records you believe that some phantom, a figure from your urban legends...' 
'What do you mean 'your'?' 
'Well Joe, I mean...' 
'I know exactly what you mean!' Joe shakes his head and twitches his swollen arm. 
'How is your injury?' The doctor asks. Joe turns his head. 
'Accidents happen!' 
'This look like any accident you ever seen?' Joe asks peeling back the bandages and revealing his necrotizing skin. 

Dwyer raises an eyebrow.
'This legend, the Candyman. I can prove to you he does not exist. You stated in one of your previous sessions that if you say his name five times whilst looking in the mirror he will appear.' 
'Mama told me don't do that, I didn't listen, I'm telling you, but you won't listen either.' Dwyer tuts and pulls a mirror from his drawer.
'We will break the delusion. Candyman. Candyman. Candyman...' 
'Don't!' Joe protests.
'CANDYMAN!' Joe rocks against the straps that restrain him. 
'Don't do it!' 
'CANDYMAN!' 'See, no....' The expression on Dwyer's face changes, contorts. He plunges forward, his eyes wide. The hook protrudes through his belly and wrenches upwards. Dwyer's body drops forward, and blood gurgles through his last breath. 

'Robitaille!' Joe mutters, 'Candyman!'
 'I am one of many,' my voice echoes in a dream like state as the binds rip from Joe's wrists. 'Part of the whole, as are you! Children in the playground, sweets for my sweet. Save them Joe. Be my victim.' I leap backwards, shatter through the window and its bars, opening the path of destiny, beckoning Joe to step upon it.

Part Twenty-Seven

Cabrini-Green, 1977. 

'Mama, who that man?' Aliyah asks as her mother pushes her on the swing. The little girl clings to the rusty chains that support it, soiling her cold hands. Brianna looks up and draws in a sharp breath. 
'That ain't nobody you need to be talking to!' She exclaims. 'He's trouble, best stay away.' Beyond the confines of the playground a dishevelled Joe staggers about, his gait clumsy and his shoulder slightly hunched to compensate for whatever damage afflicts the arm hidden beneath his grubby jacket. Aliyah swings for a while, her eyes fixated on the man. 
'Is he sick Mama?' She asks at length. Brianna tuts, realising her child has no intention of dropping the current line of questioning. 
'He's sick alright, but not the kind of sickness no doctor can help! He's spiritually sick, like when you go to church on a Sunday, and you believe in something well that makes you spiritually well. Joe there, his spirit is sick. He's a bad man Aliyah so stay away!'

'Bri,' a voice calls from the entrance to the apartments. 'Bri!' Her friend repeats. 
'Now what she want? We best go see!' 
'Can I stay here just a little bit more? Please mama.' 
'Well OK,' Bri huffs, 'you wait right there though. No wandering off, you hear?' Aliyah nods as her mother shuffles off. Her humming fills the crisp air, accompanied only by the screeching of the swing frame. 

A little boy rushes around the outside of the playground tormenting Aliyah with silly faces. He stops at the gate and climbs on the creaking lump of iron. Paint chips fall away in his hand. 
'You, you want some candy?' A voice sings from behind. The little boy turns, his frightened mouth agape. 'I ain't gonna hurt ya none, you want some candy?' Joe holds out his good hand and unwraps his fingers to reveal much sought after sweets. 'Mister, I'm not s'posed to talk to strangers!' 
'Name's Joe, so now we ain't strangers.' 
'I guess not.’ The little boy replies taking the sweets. Joe nods, and hums a tune to reflect Aliyah's song as he saunters off. The little boy waves the candy at Aliyah taunting her. She sticks out her tongue as he unwraps the sweets and makes an exhibition of chewing. 

Another figure passes the playground, rounds on the child, and engages him briefly. Aliyah cannot see his face as it is covered by a hood. She cannot hear the words that pass between them, quickly the figure moves on. The boy resumes his taunting and places another candy on his tongue. Aliyah jumps from the swing and marches over to him, preparing her onslaught. As she nears the boy falls from the gate. He chokes and splutters. Blood seeps from his mouth. 

'Mama! Mama!' Aliyah screams. Bri and her friend rush over followed by other residents. The boy collapses on the ground choking furiously, blood vomiting from his throat. 
'Someone get an ambulance!' Bri cries. 'Hurry!' He writhes against that which ails him, his body convulsing, drowning, until all movement ceases. 
**** 
As the ambulance departs only bloodied frost remains, a small reminder of what came to pass. Around the apartments and row houses another threat arrives, blue locusts, searching for someone to blame. Eager for retribution, but not in the line of justice.

Part Twenty-Eight

Cabrini-Green, 1977 

Sirens thunder about the estate, lightening marring the frosts and dusk laden sky. Rumours pass from mouth to mouth and door to door. They have come for him. Joe hobbles up the stairwells. His arm covered. He chokes as if dust fills his lungs instead of air. Each flight laborious, but he persists, knowing that his history will implicate him in a murder that he did not commit. His history, the circumstances. Just history.

He reaches his floor and climbs across the landing, shaking with keys in hand. He flings open the apartment door, his home a shell of its former self. Derelict. Unkempt. Just like his body, the rotting shell beneath his jacket. He stumbles over to the window and watches as the squad cars pour foot soldiers into the complex. In panic he recalls an exit.

The bathroom cabinet is easily lifted, the hole to the lost apartment still gaping wide, summoning him. He Chambers through and pulls the cabinet back into place. Beyond lies another world, a shrine to the memory of Candyman. Joe takes in the wall art, the sublime depictions of Daniel's life and death. 
'He's been waiting!' A voice interrupts. Joe rubs his eyes and looks around. An old man sits in the corner staring into an imaginary distance. 'I've been waiting too.' Joe brushes past him and stares between the boards that sit where glass once was.

'They're coming for me!' Joe observes. 
'Why, yes, they are. That's what they do!' The old man laughs. 
'I didn't hurt the kid!' 
'Course you didn't, couldn't have been you, some folks are just born with hate in their heart. They see what they don't understand and go out of their way to destroy it. That's how architecture is. That's how it's always been.' 
'They just bought back the death penalty!' Joe starts to shake and his coat slips as he sits next to the old man revealing hive-like holes boring through his flesh. 
'They'll fry you for sure. But there's a better way. The right way. 

‘Folks think you're dangerous, think you're different, but what if you could give them something back. A piece of history, a reminder that our lands aren't sacred.' 
'What you talking about?' Joe responds, trying to sound like his irate younger self. 'I'm talking about reminding people. Reminding them what they must never forget, Candymen!' 
'The Candyman?' Joe queries as a shiver runs up his spine. 
'Candymen!' The old man repeats. 'I bet what's left of your arm is rotting, like me just sitting here waiting. Waiting and rotting.' Joe slowly peels his coat off to reveal the putrid flesh hanging from his limb. 'Show me that arm rightly.' The old man instructs. Shouts reverberate from the floor below, blue bottles buzzing with profuse excitement. Joe holds out his hand. 'You keep still now!'

Joe’s wizened friend pulls a cleaver from a tatty pocket, 'this near went rusty waiting!' He states nonchalantly as the blade slams down severing limb from torso. Joe hardly makes a sound. The silence is deafening as his old shadow drives a hook into the stump. 'People need Candyman!' He wipes the blood from his blade. 'I'm just about ready!' He states as the blood pours from the wound and smothers the hook. Joe's pupils fix. A sigh leaves his body. 

The old man looks into the blade. 'Candyman,' footsteps crash across the landing. 'Candyman!' Joe's door is busted down. 'Candyman!' Furniture is turned and dropped. 'Candyman!' The bathroom cabinet smashes to the floor. 'CANNNNDDDDYYYYMAAANNNN!' The hook glints in the glow of the torches, a gun goes off. 

The old man sees the reflection in his blade, it drowns out the shouts of the trespassers. The reflection clears, he feels the hook as it plunges through his belly. Relieved, his duty done, he slides to the floor and a slight smile glimmers across his face as his body slumps. 'Candyman,' he whispers, and the apartments echo with the same sound, the same whisper. The same name.

Part Twenty-Nine

Chicago State University, 1992 It was always you Helen. The graduate student veers out of the lecture hall and across a quad with a water featured epicentre. She dodges undergrads as they hurry to their respective seminars. It was always you. 

Clouds thunder across the skies and stifle the suns burning stare. The rain starts to fall, a drizzle at first and then a downpour. She hurries along the lawns and ducks into the carpark, her hair already soaked from the onslaught. Her heels click as she totters towards her waiting vehicle. It was always you Helen. Whispers trickle through wind and rain. They meet her ears, nonsensical waves of nature at first, but they take form and shape. The carpark is eerily desolate, she finds herself alone.
 
A breeze washes about her and those words enter her mind once again. It was always you Helen. A thought or stirring, a bleak ghost story. She does not know. Perhaps an inner voice luring her psyche to deep introspection. There is a calm in the storm, but the storm caused her to shiver, and fear drenches her very soul. She delves through her bag and panic-stricken fights to locate her keys. 
‘It was always you!’ The words greet her ears as a tempest kisses lost islands. Her keys fall and her eyes fix on the man that stands before her. ‘Come to me,’ 
‘I, I have to go home,’ her voice fades as she drowns in his stare. 

‘Nooo,’ I growl, ‘you have no home, your time has come.’ Our proximity narrows even though I barely seem to move. Her mind drowns in the painted pool of my vision. ‘We shall become legends, come.’ Overwhelmed and over awed she collapses in my waiting arms. A stranger so familiar, too familiar, a character from a story that she has heard over and over again. Yet, she did not believe. ‘Helen, it was always you!’

Part Thirty

Chicago State University, 6 weeks prior to the disappearance of Helen Lyle

Helen takes her seat in the auditorium, her notebook prepared and her mind eager. ‘Today our lecture focuses on the urban legend.’ The theatre dims and the slideshow illuminates. Professor Wexler takes to the stage in his usual dramatic fashion, ‘did any of you,’ he sweeps his arm across the room, ‘ever hear about the lady who found a lump on her head. Visited the doctor and upon incision a herd of baby spiders scuttled out?’ 
‘That happened to a friend of my aunt’s,’ a student voice returns, ‘only it was the hairdressers and the comb caught in the wound.’ 
‘Did it indeed?’ Dr Wexler responds with an air of self-satisfaction. 

‘Why should you never visit the sewers in New York?’ 
‘Alligators!’ A more feminine voice shouts out. ‘People used to win pet alligators and when they grew too big released them in the sewers. They mutated!’ 
‘I heard that was Philadelphia!’ Someone interjects. 
‘And of course,’ Professor Wexler continues, mindful of the ensuing disturbance, ‘the tale of the babysitter. All alone, late at night. She hears the ominous sound of scratching...’ He waits for the inevitable retort.
 ‘It was an escaped convict with a hook for a hand!’ 
‘I heard he put a pet in the microwave,’ 
‘No, he tied the boyfriend to the roof of the car…’

The room erupts with ever more complex and unbelievable theories until the Professor raises his hands as a request for silence. ‘Ms Lyle, would you come up here?’ Helen awkwardly lowers her pen and strolls to the stage. Professor Wexler offers her a mento mint. She takes it and he watches as she chews. He chews one himself and once both are swallowed, he pulls some Diet Coke from his bag, ‘drink?’ ‘No thank you!’ Helen replies. 
‘I insist, have a drink!’ 
‘I’d rather not.’ 
‘May I ask why?’ He pushes. 
‘The combination of mentos and soda cause the stomach to rupture!’ 
‘Do they now?’ Wexler asks taking a big mouthful. 

Instantly he convulses, foam drips from his mouth and he falls to the floor. Once his audience’s discord reaches a hysterical level he jumps to his feet and wipes the false foam from his lips. ‘None of these stories are true. Not one. They are urban folklore, tales made up from town to town and generation to generation. These stories are nothing but urban legends.’ He turns to Helen and lowers his glasses, ‘and you would do well to remember that Ms Lyle!’

Part Thirty-One

As the lecture ends Helen approaches Professor Wexler.
‘You promised not to do urban legends until I had finished my research elements next semester!’ 
‘Ms Lyle,’ the belligerent man replies with an evil grin, ‘I cannot hold up, nor be expected to hold up the students’ education. That’s unrealistic.’
‘I think I have stumbled upon a legend where the facts and the myth are closely related. This afternoon I am visiting Cabrini-Green...’ 
‘Ah, Candyman country,’ Wexler rudely interrupts, ‘Daniel Robitaille. Yes, he fell in love with someone quite beyond his reach, her father had his arm removed and a hook inserted, honey smeared upon his body to attract bees and what was left was burned. Now his ghost haunts Cabrini-Green!’ 

‘I think that there is some truth...’ 
‘Helen, stay objective. Don’t be drawn into the ghosts of scapegoats and scapegoat ghosts. The history is the spine of the book, nothing more. People maintain these narratives in the same manner as folk tales; they seek a meaning, an underpinning to existence and all of the injustices that society brings.’ Helen sighs despondently, ‘and Helen, don’t go out there alone please. Now,’ Wexler looks at his watch, ‘if you will excuse me!’ 

Once alone and in the comfort of his office the inquisitive and sceptical Professor pulls out his cigarette box. He flicks it open and stares into the glare catching his own reflection. ‘Candyman, Candyman, Candyman, Candyman...’ He hesitates, then sighs and rolls his eyes at the remnants of social superstition that rest imprinted within his own cognitive development. ‘Candyman!’ He places a cigarette between his lips. He feels the heaving presence rise behind him just as the hook enters his back and tears him from sternum to gullet. The smoke drops into his blood-soaked lap and his eyes bulge with horror as I guide him to a plane of existence beyond this realm.

****  

Helen dreams of a professor who disappeared, she dreams of another life, a simple one in which she studied fables and visited the keepers of these fables. She dreams of death, and of swarming insects poised to inject her with their toxic nectar. Her eyes open and her body adjusts to my grip. My voice whispers her name in deep, cruel tones that she cannot touch. From my mouth the bees sing, from my bones they gather, and pour over her willingly open mouth. Another nightmare, perhaps, her half-opened eyes gaze upon the walls as fear and panic rise within. Graffiti, a gallery composed entirely of graffiti, conveys the Candyman’s humble beginnings. She gasps suddenly, her own reflection cast upon the wall, her image painted, our love reborn.

Part Thirty-Two

Cabrini-Green, Chicago 2005 

In the playground beyond the apartments a group of children dressed in winter coats jump rope whilst singing a rhyme.

‘Helen woke from sleep so deep, 
Humming like the bees, 
And from that sleep she heard a cry, 
A mother’s screaming pleas! 

Helen woke from sleep so deep, 
Returned to him from death, 
That pounding sound, 
Sticks on the ground, His everlasting breath!

To the window Helen ran, 
She heard the child’s cries, 
All a part of his plan, 
To ensure poor Helen dies! 

To the window Helen ran, 
As the fires were soon lit, 
a part of his plan, 
through the boarded slit!

Down the stairs, into the night, 
She ran without second thought, 
Down the stairs, into his sight, 
A soul eternally sought. 

And into the pyre his love does climb, 
Heeding the baby’s cry, 
Together for the rest of time, 
Like him she must now die!

With last breath she took the child, 
And crawled through the flames so high, 
Protecting his body from the fire so wild, 
Knowing that she would die. 

To her grave they all did head, 
Words read from a book, 
Coffin lowered with one last drop,
And on it fell the hook!’

Part Thirty-Three

River North (Cosmopolitan district built on the foundations of Cabrini-Green), 2022 

The architects returned, reassessed and reformed. Swept away the dust, scattered pebbles and stones, they have no soil to call their own. A new world attempts to hide the past, bury it, but it will not stay buried, for what is history if not an example of sobriety. Instructors lecture the words without the feeling. Echo the picture without oils. Reap rewards of intellect without the crushing rationale of wisdom. The architects look upon the new era, their new creation, and deem it just, relishing the exhibition of equity and beauty. 

From the rubble cries a hook. It scuffles through the splinters of all that is, all that was, and all that shall be. Forces its way through the pyre, and he follows. I follow. Cosmopolitan, a metropolis of windows glazed in the fog of myopia. Glass cracking from within. A reflective world indifferent to the reverberations that quake every pane. There in they stand, waiting. Watching. Polish the exterior, scrub the glass, but this is no two-way mirror. It shines for the architects, reeks the stale infusion of success. Utopia unbound. Scratches appear, scathing the surface. Fine, hairline fractures. 

Beneath the Elysium old roots still grow, entangle and rise. Ancient apprehensions from a bygone era, their consciousness unmoved by the concepts above. Each window lists with an abstract essence. Invisible ivy climbs from beneath. The appellation justified in wistful dreams,
‘Candyman. 
Candyman. 
Candyman. 
Candyman. 
Candyman.’ 

Fin.


Vignette 2: The Wishmaster

By Christopher Baker

A Pox Unleashed 
Babylon, 480BCE During the reign of Xerxes I of the Archaemenian Empire 

Xerxes: Artabanas, soon the Hellespont will be within my grasp and all of Greece will fall prostrate before me! 
Artabanas: Sire should we raze the temples before us, erected to their heathen gods? Xerxes: No need. I will let them have their useless deities in return for my pick of the temple prostitutes! 
Artabanus: One other thing sire, we found this blood opal on the battlefield after our last incursion. 
Xerxes: Well, well You have proven to be my most useful and resourceful servant, Artabanus! Here let me take a closer look at that! 

Peering into the gem he almost drops it when he sees a visage looking back. A human-like form suddenly appears through a red, misty veil! 

Djinn: Greetings Xerxes! I thank you for facilitating my release from my eons long prison. In exchange I will grant you three wishes of your making. 
Xerxes: Who are you demon that you address me with such familiarity?! 
Djinn: I have been since the dawn of man, and I have observed all that has developed. Now about your wishes? 
Xerxes: I have just about everything I could ever want but I suppose a few more things couldn’t hurt. I wish for women to desire me just by my giving them a look. Djinn: Granted from this day forward. 
Xerxes: I wish to bring Greece quickly under heel!
Djinn: And your final wish oh Sultan? 
Xerxes: That with Artabanus’ help my reign will last as long as The Glorious Archaemenian Empire! 

The Djinns eyes dance with gleeful merriment but with a predatory undertone.

Djinn- As you wish!

August 465 BC

Artabanus, the commander of the royal bodyguard and the most powerful official in the Persian court assassinates Xerxes with the help of a eunuch, Aspamitres. 
Thus, the curse begins!


Vignette 3: Larry Talbot, How High the Moon

By Jason Jenkover

Many years have passed since both horrific creatures, Count Dracula and the Wolf Man, fell over the cliff's edge plummeting into the sea below. Never to be seen or heard from again.

But as it was said, time and wars proceeded to pass throughout the globe, while this cursed wolf man's battle never ends. Witness the horrors of a desperate man that defines new meanings such as love and happiness, for his restful end.

If only that were true, to finally have my soul released from this misery, this burden... This curse.

I then chuckle, before frantically saying...
‘But I can never die!’


Vignette 4: Arkham Noir

Dr Crane (Scarecrow) by Valkyrie Kerry
Edward E. Nygma (The Riddler) by Brett Dyer
Bruce Wayne (Batman) by Jon Dufresne

Scarecrow 

Lightening beats down, flashes of comprehension roaring through a bleak mire of darkness. The once metropolitan city descends into a dank, urban prison, a stifling development on the cusp of the asylum’s abyss. Unmanageable. Anarchic. A complex born of two minds, its inhabitants; the criminal competition and those compelled to morality. Enemies of the two masterminds. A smog engulfs the complex, remnants of Crane’s noxious fear gas. Massive screens look down on the reckless and the wild. There the Scarecrow menaces, and there E-Nygma offers his Riddles, laced with the false hope of escape. 

A maze for the inhabitants, an amusement for its overseers. Beyond the limits, high in the clock tower, the two despicable foes of the city watch as their creation gains momentum. The collapse of a city within a city. Dog eat dog. Bat eat bat. An underground Parthenon soaked in the blood of its own sins. 
‘Release more of the toxin,’ Crane instructs through an earpiece. Chaos heightens. Fights break out among frightened and delusional inmates. Brother against brother. ‘Is it not stunning Edward? A true sight to behold. Contained, implosive. It is our gift to Arkham. A sport for the oligarchs, the thinkers. The idealists. Let the rats scurry about the maze, let them prey. Evolution, survival of the fittest. We are merely... Playing God!

The Riddler

Enigma paces, impatient to commence his enigmatic tribulations. The mere thought of besting Gotham's knight, driving his own frenzy. Intoxication at proving his superior intellect, as palpable as the intoxication shrouding this deranged detention city. 
'Playing?! Whose PLAYING?!’ He screeches in manic delight. 'Dear Dr Crane, playing is for children. A diversion! A pastime! The game I, Edward Nygma, sorry I mean WE, are playing needs to proceed. I want him to enjoy this night and savour his idiotic past victories!'

Batman

Bruce stands atop one of the tallest buildings in the small area of Gotham. Long since walled off after a large Earthquake ruined that municipality. He watches and sees the gas fill the streets compounded by the screams of citizens down below. He tries to radio into the cave to reach Alfred, but it seems that the signal has been blocked by Crane or Nygma. 
‘Damn, I’ll have to do this alone, for now.’ He arches a brow as he grapples his way over to another rooftop.

The Riddler

Within the confines of the clock tower, Enygma roars in triumph. 
'My My My! How the feeble mind of the bat has failed to see my brilliance yet again! Always one step ahead of him. The poor flying rodent doesn't realize he is monitored! Fool!' Glaring at the camera in mock triumph, their image shared across giant screens around Gotham Enygma taunts Wayne…
'There's no calling in any support Bat Brain! For I, The Riddler have been ahead of you this whole time! And soon...yes yes, very soon, you may even solve your first challenge!' Smirking at the seated Crane he adds, ' Shall we truly begin?'

Scarecrow

Crane takes centre stage, 
‘Step up Batman, step down. Tread carefully in the city where you belong. If the toxin does not drive you insane, the conditions shall. Go forth, the gates shall be opened for you, but once closed consider it forever.’

Batman

Batman looks around and observes the cameras and speaker systems, both taken over by the pair of criminals. 
‘Okay, let's get this started, where's this first challenge?’ He grumbles to himself whilst looking around. The lights in the city switch to green. He follows the path laid before him, heads towards the location. Treading carefully, knowing that they had this planned out, knowing had to be ready for whatever lay ahead.

The Riddler

Insane Sanctum, the place the Riddler and Scarecrow reside. Their tower of madness. Opposing sides of the same coin. Crane, stoic in deliberation’s regard. Enygma, hyperactive in excitement's throws. 
'Told you he would follow a bread crumb willingly! It's like watching a monkey learn to use tools for the first time!' The criminal masterminds exchange knowing looks. Dr Crane casually flips a switch on the keyboard in front of him, monitors, screens and intercoms once again burst into life. The occupants on the screens address their target.

Scarecrow

‘Oh dear Batman, Ace chemicals have a leak, and the leak has found its way through pipes. Somewhere deep within the city the old senate sit bound to their chairs. The meeting will be adjourned when those chemicals spill from on high. The clock is ticking but where could they be?’

The Riddler

'My Turn! Okay you small minded brut, better get moving! Your reward will be...I may let you live! Perhaps the location of a certain relay jammer! But remember, better hurry....at this table there will be....A DENT in the equation!' The first riddle appears on screens....

There are three houses one is red, one is blue, one is white. If the red house is to the left of the house in the middle and the blue house is to the right to the house in the middle.

Batman

Batman ponders and replies,
‘The White House is In Washington DC, but since we can't go there the next option with Dent in the mix would be the courthouse.’ He grunts and sprints towards the city courthouse. As he arrives, he notices a large group of criminals outside yelling and fighting. He grunts again and looks around the area for an alternate way to get inside, grappling the rogues as he searches for alleyways. ‘I'll be exposed to a bit of the toxin when making my entrance,’ he mutters. 

Wayne makes his way to the back entrance of the building. As if in anticipation, Crane resumes his rhetoric…

Scarecrow

‘Dent and his corrupt cronies are waiting Batman, but what is this that stands between you and their impending acid trip? Looks to me like it’s the BANE of your life!’ Bane steps from the back entrance, hench and ready. His fists prepared... He runs at the Batman.

Batman

Batman grunts as he stares at the large charging brute, he grapples and jumps over Bane, throwing a Batarang at his back, hoping to strike the glowing tubes strapped there. Bane’s coat is barely cut by the blade. Batman lands and watches.

Scarecrow

Bane approaches, laughing. 
‘Detective, you are lost. I am not some fool, my brains are equal only to my brawn,’ his voice grates and echoes with an air of austerity. He turns marginally from the Batman and instantly swings his entire body weight into one back fist that sends the bat hurtling against a stone pillar. Without hesitation the hulking brute lifts the Batman by his throat against the cold, hard stone. ‘We are not so different you and I!’ Another fist launches and drives Batman down the back steps. He rolls from path to curb. ‘Both striving and feeling a higher purpose...’ 
**** 
High in the clock tower Crane and Edward grow restless in their impatience.
‘Release the fear toxin on Batman and Bane!’ He instructs. A voice responds, 
‘isn’t Bane one of ours?’ Crane lowers his voice to a haunting low growl.
‘Do it or feel the fear yourself. 
**** 
Bane stomps down the steps, a swirl of highly concentrated gas rises. (The most powerful dose as needed for these fearless fools!) Bane observes the mutating illusion of his adversary and roars as he dives towards the rising Batman, equally disturbed by the vicious mirage that enshrouds his enemy, both torn by the gas. Both fuelled and driven. Batman rises, both men hunch over and hurtle towards each other... The fight ensues; a storm of punches and blocks...

Batman

As Bane witnesses a terrifying image of the Batman, Batman equally envisages a frightening hallucination of Bane, groaning he tries to fight the effect of the gas; this dose stronger than and toxin he had ever dealt with before, but he knew if he wanted to stop Crane and Nygma he had to fight. He wrenches some of the building wall’s loose bricks and aims Bane’s head the tubes on the back of his mask. 
‘Stop this! You can't let Crane rule over you!’ He groans shaking his head, his mind trying to fight the imagery, looking for a solution. He spots a lamp post through the fog, fires a grappling line from Bane's foot to the post and pulls Bane, hanging him upside down. Bane struggles and swings his arms, Batman grabs a batarang and stabs it into the green tubes on the behemoth’s back.

The impact causes the Titan formula to spray out. Batman pants and moves on, stepping inside the courthouse. He takes out an emergency vial and needle, injects himself with an anti-toxin and strides into the main chamber, prepared.

The Riddler

Riddler observes the outcome of the battle through his array of monitors stashed in the shared clocktower lair. 
'That’s it, as predicted.' Nygma mumbles under his breath, 'come to my parlour said the spider to the fly!' Turning his attention away from the theatrics of brute versus bat he roars a new command! 
' Initiate phase two!' His mania drawing lower, more serious. ' Let them proceed as pawns about the board. All a distraction. What stills on a gallery wall and sinks the ambient comfort? What state of matter heads your way? Time to cool that Bat off! Time to FREEZE his ardour.’


Vignette 5: The Creature from The Black Lagoon

By Christopher Baker

One thing that puny humans first notice about me is my thick skin, almost as formidable as the plated armour of old. Fortified with shiny gill platelets designed for breathing, along with flipper style claws, useful for swimming and digging and a contour which facilitates speed under water. 

One drawback though, the blood coursing through my veins runs cold and thready. When winter comes and the weather drops below seventy degrees Fahrenheit, I have to be prepared for warmer living arrangements. Alligators have a unique way of solving this problem. Unfortunately, skirmishes ensue. Has anybody known a gator to share?


Vignette 6: The Shape

By Jason Jenkover

Part One

Halloween, Samhain, the first day of All Hallow Tide, a contraction of All Hallows' Eve, the evening before All Saints' or All Hallows' Day. It is believed that this is the time where the veil or boundary is removed between our world and the otherworld.

An advantage for the dead! Ghosts and evil spirits may dwell in our world on that night, feasting upon the living and preying on the weaknesses and misfortunes of mortals. Seeking out those that are suffering or vulnerable, targeting bad states such as hatred, anguish, loss, and neglect. These traumas expose the soul and cast open the gateway.

It's said, and believed, that by disguising oneself on Halloween night the soul is protected. Masks hide the soul from evil spirits that dwell and prey amongst the living. Sure, it has its commercial purposes, everything comes at a price. But wouldn't losing one's soul come at a price as well?

Young children and adults believe that when roaming around alone on Halloween night gives the Boogeyman and opportunity to be summoned and by doing so, he can claim one's soul. Better not to take the risk, so Trick or Treaters travel with friends and loved ones.

But all of this is folktales and lore, right? Just propaganda to control the actions and behaviour, so everyone should just enjoy the festivities that this holiday brings.
Or is this in fact a warning that we must not ignore, for the sake of our immortal souls?

Part Two

Through the veil he comes, and waits patiently in the cold, dark night for a disadvantaged soul. Young Michael appears; sad, angry, broken, and ALONE. Suddenly, faster than a crisp cold breeze of autumn wind, evil snuffs out the soul and enters the open vessel. Evil’s true form; The Shape.

After snuffing out the soul, The Shape offers the vessel a new form and purpose. Evil must remove any humanity left within Michael for the metamorphosis to be complete, the becoming of pure evil. The Bogeyman bound to extinguish morality by blinding the light with blood to bring true darkness.

The Shape approaches the house on 45 Lampkin Lane, the home where this vessel once dwelled. It waits for an advantage enabling it to seize Michael’s sister, Judith. It watches as Judith and her boyfriend walk upstairs. It quickly enters the side door and steps into the kitchen, grasps a butcher’s knife and proceeds.

Suddenly the boyfriend reappears, ready to go home, saying his goodbyes. He does not see the vessel standing there before him, no one truly sees evil. 

After he leaves, The Shape proceeds upstairs towards Judith's room. He locates a Halloween mask and puts it on, shielding the former vessel's face. Michael is no more, and evil has no face. The pursuit of darkness and blood continues.

Nine stabs to his former sister’s body extinguishes any remaining semblance of humanity. Nine stabs.

Blinded by blood and darkness, The Shape exits the house. There he is confronted there he hears shouts of the former occupant’s name, ‘Michael!’

Part Three

THE SHAPE OF EVIL

Black cats, goblins, broomsticks and ghosts, 
Covens of witches with all of their hosts,
You make think they scare me,
You're probably right,
Black cats and goblins,
On Halloween night. Trick-or-treat.

Playful words that were once said to frighten children have manifested a true fear that we all still have deep within us. Things go bump in the night.

One Halloween night in particular brought spooks and chills to the residents in the quiet town of Haddonfield. Blood boiled and stomachs turned. Anger and disbelief tore through the community. No one understood why young Michael viciously murdered his older sister, Judith

The local police department could not make sense of the tragedy. No explanation was forthcoming from the silent, murderous boy. The following day, All Hallows' Day, law enforcement admitted the young killer to Smith's Grove Sanatorium, Warren County. There psychiatrists and psychologists attempted to use tested methods to reach the boy. To locate some rational trigger or motive to explain this heinous act.

Smith's Grove best practitioners failed, and after many long years gave up on their young patient, Michael. All lost hope, except for one psychiatrist, Dr Samuel Loomis, who had taken an interest in the boy and subsequently became his guardian.

The doctor tried relentlessly to help young Michael, it became, his obsession. His young patient continued to show no signs of progress, and instead isolated himself, staring with empty eyes.

Eventually the doctor concluded that Myers wore the mask to terrify his victim, Judith Myers. A monster replacing the human.

On Halloween night people can become whoever they wish to be. The mask is the character, an alternative identity bringing itself to the surface. Without it the who and why of Michael becomes irrelevant. 

Loomis no longer sees Michael as a sociopath, but as pure and simple evil. Michael, a representation of an abstract. Fear overwhelms the doctor fear and disbelief. He discards science and medicine, admits his failures and abandons all hope for Michael. Wishing to eternally imprison Michael he states, 
'He had the blackest eyes. The Devil's eyes.' 

Constantine wrote that fate was somehow related only to religion, whilst Samuels felt that fate was like a natural element, earth, air, fire or water. Immovable, like a mountain. It stands where man pass away. Fate never changes.

Part Four

FORCE OF NATURE
Evil is eternal for it has no end, nor does it have a beginning.
The sun goes down on this eve, October 30th, the night before Halloween, and traditions set in. An adolescent night for tricks (hold the treats), some call it ‘Devil's Night.’ Nearly 15 years ago on a similar stormy night this town was haunted by the death of, Judith Myers. 

Many years passed before residents of Haddonfield felt secure again, but despite the horrors the town never pushed Halloween aside, although the Myers’ home was left empty and abandoned, yet strangely still standing. A marker for his, or its, inevitable return.

Though time defines a point of measure in which eternity is limitless, The Shape patiently waits for its siren to be heard and its moment to unfold. 

Fifteen years of still silence, until one night he comes home. Lights flicker as a heavy storm causes a brief and significant power outage to the sanatorium, Smith’s Grove. Thunder clashes, and lightning strikes to reveal what lurks within darkness. Illuminating several Smith's Grove patients as they roam freely… Including, Michael Myers. 

The lunatics having escaped the asylum and ventured into the storm. Cold raindrops offer an eerie applause for the escape plan’s mastery. Just as the motions morph into stillness a car approaches and Myer’s new reign of terror begins.


Vignette 7: Batman and the Pale Moon Light 

By Jon Dufresne

You're real nice, and I like you a lot, but right now, shut up! You know my life is really complex. You know how a normal person gets up and goes downstairs and eats breakfast, kisses somebody goodbye, and... goes to a job, and... you know? It has been complicated since I lost my parents. I was just a young kid in a big city, people respected them, they meant a lot to me, to the people of Gotham. That night has haunted me for so long. We were down that alley and then I saw them…

Two suited goons, one drawing a gun. His face stuck in a ghastly grin, and that voice; cold, inhuman. He shot them, then looked right at me! I thought he was going to kill me too. 
'You ever dance with The Devil by the pale moon light?'

His friend stopping him was the only saving grace, but I had to make sure no one else suffered a night like that. So, I went out, looked for a new purpose in life; something that could help the people in this city. I got training, I paid for resources and materials to become something bigger than the scum on the streets; a symbol, something that would scare the criminals.

I am Batman.


Vignette 8: Sin City, A Horror-Noir Fandom Tale

By
Valkyrie Kerry and Brett Dyer

Part One

Professor James Moriarty, The Gentleman

Perfume laced cigarette smoke fills the elevator. Her blood shaded lips gently inhale the fumes through a holder as heavily lashed eyes close, morose acceptance. Calming the sea so it ebbs submissively before the impending storm. Tight black dress, sleek hat, and veil, mourning for her loss. She has nowhere else to turn. An enraged lover, spurned debtors, and vengeful family. I see her sins, but I also see the vulnerable portrait that glides in motion with the ascending car. More dangerous than her enemies, yet sober in her realisation; fatigued beyond endurance. 

She resigns herself to the touch of my hand and follows me across the apex overlooking a bleak city. Her hands are chilled, frosty, and underneath the cool bravado a slight tremor betrays her. I take her in my arms, a lover’s arms, tender and compassionate. She drops the cigarette holder, and as the thin wisp of mist trails about her heeled ankles I pull her closer. Promise her the world. She will never have to worry again; she knows that I will keep my word.

Her courage remains steadfast, I almost admire her, but I cannot get attached. I stroke a strand of her away from her porcelain cheek. Kiss her, offer her an eternity of bliss far, far from Basin City. A single tear leaks from her eye, rolls down her cheek. The time is nigh. I lean in one last time, assure her that she is safe in my grasp. Our lips meet, and the knife slides in; silent, deadly, quick. Her legs give way, I ease her to the floor and hold her until she breathes her last breath into my mouth. I will cash her cheque in the morning.

Part Two

Sherlock Holmes, The Woman

Tobacco ash. A study in its hidden meanings. The only reprieve from the ennui of this town liberating me from the monotony of exasperating raps at my wood-framed door. Wives enquiring about husbands' dalliances. Husbands concerned for their trophy spouse's trysts. My bevy of bills made recompense on the back of adultery. Predictable. Boring. Today was different. She was different. Devoid of that usual irritating knock, crimson shaded lips entered my sanctum of apathy and weariness.

Irene Adler, illegible in eloquence, her presence approached. Trembling yet replete. Air of desperation's cloud adorning intellect's beauty. Terrible to behold, as doe eyes hid true purpose and meaning. Born of old money or new? Matters not. The furs and ornaments garnishing this Venus stole from my enchantment failing to diminish my fascination for the creature before me. 

Sweaty currency laid bare. Payment obviously not a problem. But it wasn't banknotes that guided my intrigue. Faux, as panicked words told of her troubles. Danger came for her, as it does to an unnamed friend. Vague as to the reason. Her existence depleted just as keenly as it had arrived. In its place only longing and concern. 

An enigma boiling into compulsion, opaque and wondrous, the case accepted. It's complexities would be considered with the aid of an old friend. My silent and oriental companion would serve at the end of a lit match. His shadow drawn through Merlin's pipe. He would help me decipher this...conundrum. With dragon's wisdom I could unravel this mystery. Her deliverance. Her knight. Her saviour. The Woman.

Part Three

Ben London, The Mute

Cruising among the glow of streetlamps, their hue contrasting with the dark, murky city air. An unassuming client; silent, agreeable. Always smiling. A wolf in sheep’s clothing, always searching for his lamb for the slaughter. Patron. The defensive girls of Old Town drop their guard, sympathise with my inaudible charm. 

Seek one, the decoy, steal another. Drugs silence her as she languishes in the trunk. No one ever suspects. Cash up front. Waves of agitated excitement churn within, but never bubble to the surface. Roark farm, every demon has a benefactor. One who occasionally calls on his skills, appreciates the huntsman. She is not one of Roark’s marks. Simply a delicatessen to be served, and a trophy for my collection. Bound in the basement she pleads, but her tones fall on incandescent ears and a rugged soul. She is what she wished to be; a served commodity. Her table is set, the meat tied and washed. I smile, her anguish offers some amusement, a titillating satisfaction. Two elements; taxidermy mount and prime steak. They cannot co-exist. I sever their connection. 

Preparation takes time, patience. Obediently, the wolf waits at my heels. Draining, curing, filling, sewing and roasting. Clocks tick, and hands move. Steadfast in my toil, paralysis of the puzzle, until the final piece is complete. I share my spoils with my Lupus. Mechanical motions feed the spirit. An apex predator worthy of its reward. I hang my trophy alongside the others. The meat may last, but the quietude of my sated urges will not. Nature cannot be subdued.

Part Four

Irene Adler, The Woman II

Never go to a man and ask for his protection, he won’t trust you. I understand men, and my wisdom is such that I know when and how to ask for help. Prepare yourself first, a private detective like Holmes reads his clients. Clean the slate, wash away the grit and debris of life, cast a new mould. Porcelain skin, scarlet lips, and a tight dress. Distract him. Offer a veritable flambé of art for his perusal and redirect his questions with vague concerns and possibilities. Let him see both your vulnerability and strength. Confuse him, he may be a genius, but he is still a man. 

In my line of work men open up, reveal the blood beneath tough skin, and I toughen their skin. Yet I am no girl from Old Town. That is not my scene, I am a lady of some import, resident of the privileged Sacred Oaks. My secret profession protected by those wealthy clients that entrust to my care both their body and soul. They like to talk, and I take advantage of their concerns. I sell my services, but I trade in secrets. 

Some secrets cut deeper than others, some pulse like an exposed artery. They need someone to listen. I did not get into this position through laying supine, but through the unanticipated cerebral processes that enable recollection of the finer details, contents for my black book. Evidence, it seems, creates enemies. 

One secret holds the key, but which? I have so many. Who whispered the words indicting my person to a vindictive enemy? Who sent the threats? My life is now in his hands!

Part Five

Dexter Morgan, The Coroner and Dr Hannibal Lecter, The Psychoanalyst

Basin City Morgue 

‘Mr Morgan, it seems that our Gentleman Assassin has graced us once again with his presence. This finely dressed young woman was discovered on the rooftop of the Roark Apartments in Sacred Oak. The mayor has concerns about such crimes occurring in affluent, guarded neighbourhoods.’ Dr Lecter pulls back the modesty sheet to reveal her pale skin and blood-red lips. ‘Her identity is, as yet, unknown. It seems that she did not put up a struggle but was resigned to her fate.’

Dexter reflects, *The sweet sanctity of death. A cold embrace. What drew this soul to its comfort? To its...tranquillity? How I wish to dispense its finality upon its benefactor. A vocation of coroner has benefits.* Laying his eyes upon the unadorned body of the departed, Dexter draws the identical conclusion proposed by Lecter.  ‘There was no struggle. No post-mortem abuse or pre-mortem. A clean, precise incision severing the coronary artery. Death was instant. Almost... sympathetically dispensed. Identical to the others.' Almost...beautiful.

Hannibal nods,
‘My thoughts precisely but this gentleman has evaded capture for some time, there is pressure mounting from on high. A storm coming our way, and to quell the tide I have enlisted a second analyst, one known for him empathy and understanding of the criminal mind!’

Tentatively gliding into the morgue, Will Graham avoids any eye contact with those in attendance. 
'No pleasantries please.' He instructs with a twitching air. 'This was a mercy. This was by the VICTIM'S own design!'

Part Five

Dr Crane, The Scarecrow and Kevin Wendell Crumb (Dennis), The Split

Dr Crane

Basin City Asylum ‘Do you know why you were bought to me Dennis?’ I sit perched on a grubby desk before my new inmate. The city cannot spare funds for the asylum, it is what it is; a prison for those dregs unable to face justice. I am their warden. Society sees the broken, the shattered, the angry and the disillusioned. I see potential. ‘You were bought to me because they fear you, they see what you are and can find no label for it, but I have a solution. Your identification labels you as...’

I pretend to flick through my records, but this conversation has already been planned, even rehearsed. ‘Kevin.’ I grunt and place an inquisitive finger on my chin. ‘I suspect Dennis is an alias used to defend against fear, but you fail to see that fear is your ally, your friend.

Fear is what has created you, but are you truly all that you can be? This is the thought that troubles me. They, the outsiders, want to lock you away forever. Protect the world from your unique talent, manifesting an alternative persona in times of need. They are unidimensional, whereas you are duo dimensional. I suspect that we can fragment that semblance of layers more, drive the knife deeper. Split the ego into several pieces where the sum of the parts is greater than the whole. Fear was the cause, and fear shall be the cure.’

Kevin/Dennis

‘No one...’ I hesitate, can I trust him? What choice do I have? ‘No one believed in us, but I always knew. I came to protect Kevin, Kevin’s mother was domineering, to say the least. If you have a cure, a new method, then I will try it however fearful.’

Dr Crane

‘Then we shall not delay!’ I adorn my mask, the fear gas ready. He does not shudder at the fearful sight, but he will. He most certainly will.

Part Seven

The Enygma, The Riddler

'Unassuming. Inconspicuously wrapped in obscurity and topped with a bow of the invisible. My life suffered in the void of the inconsequential. Cars passed me. High beams marked my lowly trudge along the outskirts and desolate roads of this city. Who cared to see the unseen anyway? The tree masks my presence. But, unable to conceal the nauseating nightlife below. Disgusting. People called it the Sinful Summit. Apt. Appropriate. Appalling. My becoming, awaits. Biding its time as I do. 

Night after night, this wager against patience had proceeded. My purpose unrewarded. The prize undefined. A vehicle. A couple. My opportunity. It pulls up. Overlooking the sprawling morass of lights beneath. The speakers, blaring their idiotic music, welcome. It will hide my approach. 

The boy will be first. Point blank. Quick. Then, consort to his desires, will scream, run, and fall. Predictable. My chambered friends will run much faster than her. She will be a suitable vessel, prepared to carry the integrity of my message. It's sanctity to be venerated with knife and saw, consecrated upon hallowed skin and limb, packaged in staged theatrics and cipher. 

The delivery, of no import against the importance of revered and bloodied word. Its recipients will obtain, each, a piece to my puzzle. The dismantled product crying, willing, yearning to become whole. The Morgue first. Second, the bored Detective. Lastly, Lecter. The age of Aquarius begins! A hammer is drawn. Silent steps against rollicking abandon. A car’s window shatters against muzzle flair. A scream.

Part Eight

Joe Carroll, or Joker, The Writer

I stand outside the publisher’s office, manuscript in hand, disordered and grubby. Frustration beat me again. Why can they not see that I am a genius? A modern Poe. Dark, bleak, and honest. Above all, honest. A true reflection of my own imprisonment in this unfair society. They don’t see it, why would they? Just another cog in a poorly oiled wheel. I fight back the tears. No one notices. Either the rain masks it, or they simply do not care.

I shuffle the papers and drop them into an old leather satchel. I can’t recall where I found it, but it has its uses. Another body shuffles among the thousands of others, ants on a congested highway. No exits. No way out. My rent is overdue, overpriced too, filthy hovel. Once again, I saunter to the labour exchange. The queues are long. I have nothing to declare. The disinterested woman looks up from under her beehive and asks if I have worked. She barely makes eye contact, more concerned with the clock bellowing its ticks behind me. 

She asks if I have actively been seeking work, I show her my manuscript and she stifles a laugh. Acidic sewage churns inside me, I shake and bite me lip to suppress the fire that it ignites. She asks again if I have actively been seeking work. Involuntarily air is sucked into my body. I smile, it is not because I am happy. Obediently I nod. We are all obedient; poor, segregated families, the old woman who hands her mugger money. All subservient to a higher currency. I receive half of my statutory pay, a penalty for not actively seeking work. Food or medication? Not much of a choice really, I guess it will have to be food.

Bad withdrawals. My hovel is filthy, and the phone is cut off, severed from the rest of the termites, like me. Through the window I see the infestation swarming and plaguing. I have no one. I am no one, invisible, yet inside I am smiling.


Part Nine

Dr Crane, The Scarecrow and Eurus Holmes, The Sister

Sheringford Ward, The Basement of Arkham Asylum

Dr Crane

‘Sir, the subject has not responded to the fear gas at all.’ 
‘That’s impossible!’ I snap, eyeballing the ignorant orderly over the rims of my glasses. ‘Have you adjusted the dose as instructed?’ 
‘Beyond the maximum sir, as you suggested.’ 
‘Is she restrained?’ 
‘Yes sir.’ 
‘Then unlock her cell. I don’t have all day.’ She sits upright in her chair, still. Her cold eyes stare through me and into the world beyond. ‘What do you feel Eurus? Is it fear?’

Eurus Holmes

‘Fear?’ I answer, ‘which one is that? I am afraid I do not feel fear, though I understand the concept. Fear is a mechanism of infrastructure, the suggestion of negative outcomes and possibilities governed by the illusion of success through conformity. I wonder who you conform to? An oligarch, Roark perhaps? Or is it your own underlying ego desiring control, offering a solution to the rigid dogmas of your world with anarchy? A boost to your ego perhaps?!’ He rubs his hands over worn eyes, others succumb to his terrors, but I fear nothing. It is illogical and fool hardy. 

‘Imagine the gift I could give you, one vigilante able to walk untouched through the smog. Even you are obliged to wear a mask, but when emotion is little more than a concept there really is no need. Let me out Johnathan, you know you are in awe. You need me.’

Dr Crane

Fascinating, and cunning, but not incorrect. A present from the elusive Mycroft Holmes, brother of the city’s most prolific detective Sherlock. I wonder if he is investigating the assassin. Perhaps a spanner in the works would not be such a curse. ‘We shall see!’

Part Ten

Voorhees, The Father and The Son

Jason Voorhees

‘It is unfortunate that in most cases when the sins of the father fall on the son it is because unlike God, people refuse to forgive and forget.’ E.A. Bucchianeri.

Therein lies the bane of existence; a father’s curse handed down to the son. A father’s wrath, vengeance’s cruel plight. Even the best of intentions reek with the necrosis of death’s consequences. Born and reborn into the same cycle, unable to breach spite’s chasm. Cursed.

Dr Hannibal Lecter

‘Apologies for bringing my associate to our session, it is highly irregular. However, it is equally irregular for a client to request the practitioner to attend at their home, especially as remote as this. All transactions remain confidential.’

Elias Voorhees

‘And I appreciate it Doc. A man has to make decisions that ain’t always agreeable, this isn’t agreeable to me, but it’s more agreeable than doing time ‘specially when I don’t have time to be doin’. Man has a right to defend his land don’t he?’ Elias hands Hannibal and Dexter a shot of whisky each, served in snifters. ‘I would give ye more, but I only have a naggin myself. Warms ya any road.’ He swigs back his own beverage and looks Dexter up and down, ‘ain’t easy killin’ a man. Some say ain’t right, but he was on my land. Trespassin’ they calls it. Man’s home is his castle. My father raised me by hand, like his father before him and me to my boy. Don’t mean I loved him any the less, jus’ means I wanted to do what’s right. Can’t always be around, couldn’t promise that to the wife a neither!’

Elias stretches back in a grubby, imprinted chair, ‘so I did the next best thing; values, morals,’ he leans forward, ‘survival. There’s always that one demon sittin’ on ya shoulder, a whisperin’ in your ear. This one knows what I’m talkin’ ‘bout. I can hear his demon!’ He gestures towards Dexter, ‘trapped behind them there cold eyes he is. Waiting to bust out. And he does, Mark my words he does! Takes one to know one ya see.’

Dexter Morgan

Having partaken of the vile liquid offered, Dexter contemplates this ‘patient.’ 
He sees me. The true me. My dark entourage dancing gleefully with his own. And yes...I see you Mr. Voorhees. Your own devil perched very much like my own. Always waiting. Dexter continues his regard of Elias, fascinated. Turning to the good Dr. Lecter, 'Well, I see the all too familiar ‘father issues.’  I wonder if Mr. Voorhees is just fiddling us an all to recognisable tune. Peering back at Elias, the comment meant to provoke. 'Well, Mr. Voorhees? True or not?'

Elias Voorhees

‘You sassin’ me boy?’ Elias starts angrily, ‘the strap don’t make me less of a man! It’s about respect, doin’ what’s right to survive. I defended my land like I defended my family. She was a mouse when I met her, by the time I was done she was a wolf. Have you ever watched your own flesh n’ blood drown? Do anything to save ‘em wouldn’t ya? So, I did what was right to save him. And he’s more of a man for it!’

Dr Hannibal Lecter

‘Correct me if I am wrong but you are referring to your son I assume? The most prolific serial killer of the last two centuries? Perhaps you maintain some of the guilt over that unfortunate outcome?!’ 

Elias Voorhees

‘I can’t profess to be no educated man Doc, but shouldn’t you say ‘allegedly’ after all my boy was never convicted by twelve good men and true, so to my uneducated mind he can’t be labelled as no serial killer. He drown as a kid so don’t seem possible do it?’

Dr Hannibal Lecter

‘It may not seem possible Mr Voorhees, but our investigations have located three death certificates for yourself and as many for your son. That in itself seems improbable but as it remains a fact it is all too possible.’

Elias Voorhees

‘Allegedly. It’s all allegedly ain’t it? Fact is I have a right to defend my land, so does my son. That’s how it’s always been and that’s how it is.’ He eyeballs Dexter again, ‘neither of you stood before no judge, not really, but I can see the rot as it spills out from those poorly dressed wounds. And you ain’t defending no territory, you don’t need to not on your side of the fence. Nice community, good people. But I’m guessing those ‘good’ people hide behind masks just like everyone else. I’m guessin’ you see the same injustices that I do.’

Dexter Morgan

Unable to withdraw his own eyes from that of Elias's. Dexter studies this predator. Keep going. Land. No land. Doesn't make a difference really. Injustice? The man keeps going on like the world owed him something. A perceived slight of society. But dear Elias, you fail to acknowledge one fact. There are no good people here. Just beings laying in wait. Prepared to indulge their own brand of justice. Perhaps, you ...shall see soon enough. Bravado means little in this pit.

Part Eleven

Sherlock Holmes, The Sleuth and Irene Adler, The Woman

Irene Adler

He is on his way, my sleuth. I deliberately left enough clues knowing that he would search, even anticipated his time of arrival. Is he intrigued by the case? Maybe. Though his obsession comes from his inability to solve the femme fatale that pled for his help without revealing too much. Sometimes less is more. My maid shows him in, and I sit waiting in full battle dress. Nothing but black stilettos. He stops instantly, his mouth opens but no sounds come out. 
‘Do sit down,’ I invite cordially.

Sherlock Holmes

Astonishing in revelation. I should have seen it coming. Indications and signs all but laid at my feet. Blinded in this, in her...regard. Hindsight cries out, begging me to witness its formulaic course. Too late now. Theatrics. An attempt at subterfuge by baring all for lonely eyes to envelop. Close your mouth fool! I warn myself. Accept the seat offered. I acquiesce to my own bidding. Eyes ever locked on hers. Thoughts of why she sought to employ my skills, scattered. FOCUS! Eventually uttering in audible unsteadiness, 
'Why am I here?'

Irene Adler

‘You came here of your own volition, do you fancy that I ensnared you, drove you to my door?’ I place a cigarette in my holder and light it, ‘there is a pipe prepared by the bourbon.’ He leans back cautiously. Lifts up the pipe and observes the formation of the carefully laid tobacco. *... - - - ...* Morse code, S.O.S. He fills his pipe. ‘I am a hostess Sherlock, I cater for the more refined tastes of my clientele, all confidential of course.’ I cast my eyes to the bookshelf, ‘and an avid reader, perhaps you would like to look through my collection?’

Sherlock Holmes

I play it the only way I can, after all, I had dropped my well-hidden hand already. No point in suffering embarrassment and melodrama. 
'Indeed Madam', I reply, casually shuffling over to her decadent bookshelf, whilst keeping my mannerisms discreet. 'A lovely collection.' I remark soaking up the elaborate, and disused display. Tragic really. All in pristine, unread condition. Save one. Moby Dick by Herman Melville. The signs clearly given. First, the pipe. Now, the shabby remnants of an ill-fitting classic amongst boring fare. Reading time.

Irene Adler

There in the note greets his intrepid eyes, *The Gentleman Assassin is closer than you think!* The words fade into view on opening the text, then disappear just as quickly. Closer than you think!

Part Twelve

Dexter Morgan The Coroner, Dr Hannibal Lecter, The Psychoanalyst and Will Graham, The Empath

Dr Hannibal Lecter

‘Our victims show no signs of struggle,’ I explain to Will and Dexter in my smoke laden, cramped office, ‘they accompany him, and it is most certainly a him, as fits the profile, but why do they submit? Why inflict themselves to the brutalities of another? There are much quieter ways to end their troubles. Much simpler paths to cruise. Yet they opt for the stranger’s blade in the cool night air. Is this masochism or some underlying romantic gesture?’

Will Graham

The office, suffocating. Stale tobacco ash intermingling with the odour of rancid alcohol and spilled scotch. I'd give anything for two fingers of that burning, soothing serum right now. 
‘Romanticism is laced throughout their demise. A kindness. human qualities that are devoid and lacking from the victim’s day to day life. Benevolence is what they desire in death. The tender kiss and love only afforded in passing on.' Glancing in disgusted reverence at the pattern playing out before him. 'They, he, affords them this Reaper's offering. His...design'

Dr Hannibal Lecter

‘Is it not usual for an unsub to insert himself into the heart of an investigation?’ Dust mounts on the thick air highlighted between the sun-frozen slats of the shutters. ‘A gentleman in Sacred Oaks would have to be attired to fit in, perhaps lurk in the peripheries of the crime scene. A journalist, or...’ Hannibal rubs his chin then turns his steely eyes to Dexter, ‘forensics?’ His eyes narrow, ‘we must be vigilant when attending scenes at Sacred Oaks, look outside of the scene and stare into the heart of the crowd. We shall find him Dexter.’

Dexter Morgan

People. What a waste of time. I have more in common with the departed. Such sorrowful stories the weave. Tapestries of silent delight. 
‘Yeah, I guess so' The mortician, Dexter remarks, glaring in irritation, if not boredom through the sun-stained slats of the smog laden office.

Part Thirteen

Elijah Price, The Glass and L, The Letter

L

He wheels Elijah Price into Dr Crane’s therapy room. Price sits staring blankly at the wall. Outside winds howl and thunder spills a torrent of rain that batters the building. Only candelabras provide a crimson flame. He pulls up a chair opposite Price and rapidly tears off his uniform and crouches on the seat, his knees up about his face.
‘I haven’t got long,’ he starts, ‘guess you’re wondering how I got in here? It’s a skill set. This place is corrupt, but outside these walls it’s a whole lot worse.’ Elijah remains motionless, unblinking and unmoved. 

‘The name is L, and you can call me ‘L’ for short. I was looking at the chaos and bedlam beyond these walls and I got to thinking... I hovered over clippings, gentlemen assassins, corrupt forensic teams, serial trophy killers, and I got thinking,’ he stuffs a handful of Bon bons in his mouth and speaks as he chews. Elijah’s eyes twitch irritably, ‘what we need isn’t a sleuth, there’s enough of them running around in circles! What we need is a villain, someone who can think like them, anticipate them. Someone no one will suspect. By this I mean you. Now I can get you out of here, won’t be nice, not through the garbage chute but needs must.’ 

Price’s eyes flit to the door, L anticipates his thought process, ‘Crane isn’t coming, he is preoccupied releasing Eurus Holmes on the world, I’m sure you have seen his methods. Wouldn’t trust that one, he’s not well. Now, if you are agreeable let’s go empty some garbage. Does this chair fold?’ L slinks forward and examines Price’s carriage. 

Elijah Price

A thick hand lands on his wrist.
‘It folds,’ Price confirms, ‘pleased to meet you L. I suggest we don’t tarry; the shift change ends soon. And the name is Glass, you may call me Mr, Mr Glass!’

Part Fourteen

Night of the Deathly Sins

Dr Hannibal Lecter

Basin City, After Dark 

Alone at my table, candelabras lit, wine poured. Dressed leg of accountant set on a silver tray. I sniff the delicious garlic aroma. The rest of the meat outstretched upon a tree. He overcharged anyway.

Elias Voorhees

Crystal Lake 

I hear the shots, toothless hunters wading in on my territory. Staggering through the forest I follow the sound of their trail. They engage me, words are for fools. Two short blades meld with respective jugulars. Their filthy bodies float downstream.

Professor James Moriarty

Sacred Oaks 

Another dame, another dollar. I hold her as she takes her last breath. The blood-red moon smiles down upon us. Oaks Health Spa after closing. Maybe she works here? Maybe she has bad memories? A risky location, but I am shrewd. Her last memory will be that of her Prince.

Dexter Morgan

Basin City Morgue 

I needed this. Recent events dictate the alleviation of my stress. My hand steady, the victim bound, gagged and on my table. Whimpering. A quick plunge of my sharp companion. Officer X shudders. His crimson essence pours. Death's purity against his corruption in life.

Irene Adler

The Red House 

Bound for his courtesan, an unfortunate penchant from his perspective. This woman does not succumb to blackmail. Roark’s nephew. No one knows this upstanding citizen is here. Cloth and a plastic bag. He struggles. I wait. His body falls into a passing truck’s load.

Mason Verger, The Farmer

Roark’s Slatted House

‘We have learned all we can from this piggy, a fitting term, useless. Gentlemen the flaccid force knows nothing of Crane’s methods.’ I pull a lever, pigs circle below. ‘Let the piggy join his friends!’ The ropes are released and the intended corpse falls.

Sherlock Holmes

Driving 

That craving itch, that creature demanding it's tithe. My offering obtained and accepted. The narcotics work swift. Joyous euphoria behind the wheel slows my reactions and pity. A sudden jolt coupled with a faint cry. A dead body left in the wake of rubber and apathy.

Ben London

Roark Farm 

This one struggles, she is feisty. The doe fought against euphoric sleep, kicked the trunk lid over and over. A true prize. This one struggled, bit and roared until the end. Pride of place, my lioness. A tasty treat, and fitting mount. Such a shame.

Joe Carroll

Basin City Subway 

Filthy station, why do we pay taxes or overpriced ticket fees? They approach, voices loud, arrogant. I want to run away. My lip curls as they mock my appearance, circle me. Kick and hit. All goes black... I’m standing over them, my fist pummelling the last. Death comes.

E-Nygma

The Taxi Rank

The first scripture sent in cipher. Quietly. The next, needs shock and awe. Throngs of people crowd the street. A cab driver occupying his carriage. My gun ready. Driver’s side window shatters as my piece roars its sermon. Blood paints the windscreen. My riddle drops.

Kevin/Dennis/The Beast

Arkham Asylum 

I felt the fear until the fear felt me. Crane’s gas distorted my perception and my personality shattered and evolved. Cometh the beast. I stretch the bars apart and climb from my cage. The orderlies stand in my way, they are nothing but sacred food, a body pile.

Elijah Price

Basin City Station 

No one notices the fragile figure in the chair, mainly because people try not to look. An easy target sits before me; Roark Transport 177. Who would dare question or accuse me? Pity me perhaps. The detonator rests in my hand as the train leaves the station.

Dr Crane

Arkham Asylum

‘The subject is not reacting Dr!’ I peer down at my bound predecessor, 
‘Administer more of the toxin. I cannot have untapped jaws clapping about my methods!’ 
‘But sir!’ 
‘More!’ The toxin is pumped furiously, he fits, foams & chokes until he stills. ‘The sewers!’ I bark.

Eurus Holmes

Old Town

The gift of freedom, immune from mind control, a primal urge calls. He responds, or she. I didn’t take much notice. Pleasure and pain, so hard to differentiate. My first romantic tryst. Hungry, desirous, a bloodied shell remains, and I walk away from this sinful carcass.

Will Graham

Aftermath 

The papers were busy this morning. I stopped reading. The evidence and bodies will whisper their own stories and headlines. I'll wait to be called or retrieved by a flat foot. Chaos last evening will pale in comparison to turmoil today. Where was the design?


Vignette 9: Tales from The Crypt, HelleVision

By Christopher Baker

Greetings Boils and Ghouls! Chris, our next subject was hoping for a relaxing evening watching television. What he received instead was a permanent cancellation of his regularly scheduled programming, but I’ll let him tell you all about it. Hee hee hee hee!

I remember one particular Christmas from my childhood in the late sixties. A Christmas where my father could barely conceal his excitement! After years of watching his programs on an old 9 inch black and white screen, he used his bonus to buy a brand-new RCA colour tv with a 13-inch screen!

In his mind we had finally arrived! The rest of us shared in his enthusiasm. Shows were converted into colour, and he was finally able to watch his favourites. These included The Man From U.N.C.L.E, Marcus Welby and Dragnet.

I am not what you would call an obsessive person about but forty years later the TV was still in good shape. Primarily thanks to the advent of the internet as I was able to find replacement parts for it. This was my monument to my father, who passed away ten years ago.

My wife June and I continued to enjoy our cable service but on a 21-inch 4D screen!
 
That was until last month when I received a strange letter. It was supposedly from the cable company, although it was written on a dirty and tattered parchment like paper and read; 
Attention NuVue customers! 
As an incentive to maintain quality programming and selection, we have introduced four new packages; Bronze, Silver, Gold, and for those who are struggling during this time, an economic Nickel package. This will come into effect early next week.

Outrageous! The bronze package started at triple the amount I was paying. In protest I opted for Nickel. The new programming service started on the date given, like clockwork, but the images were too blurry to see! 

I called the cable company and was met with the voice of a bored, indifferent girl.
‘Sir, you have to view the nickel package on a smaller screen for the correct definition.’ I started to protest stating that I had a state-of-the-art television but halfway through my complaint she rudely hung up! 

I was grumbling about having to buy a smaller screen when my wife reminded me that my father’s old TV set still worked. Brilliant! I thought as I hooked up the RCA. Why didn’t I just switch services you ask? Well, you see, when NuVue came on the market it took over by storm, effectively becoming a monopoly through the purchase of the competition’s shares.

I was able to successfully hook up the old RCA and was elated with the focus and clarity of this old, analogue set. As I changed the channels there appeared an old episode of Leave It To Beaver. It must be a nostalgic channel, I thought. June was typically in the kitchen wearing an apron making dinner. I had to smile at the familiar viewing fare as it reminded me of my childhood. Then something strange happened. 

June spotted an anomaly that went from mildly worrying to terrifying. The character Ward pulled up in the driveway but instead of carrying a briefcase, he appeared to be holding an axe! 

‘Hello dear,’ he chirped with an evil smirk, then sank the axe into his wife’s skull! Frightened, I quickly changed the channel. The Addams Family was on, Lurch was shoving a screaming Pugsley into the lion’s mouth while Wednesday clapped and laughed hysterically! 

What the hell is happening? I turned it over again and again. The Donna Reed show; seemed remiss at first. Donna was clasping her hands in front of her, bizarrely staring downwards, down at the floor at the bodies of her husband, daughter, and son which were tainted with a bluish-black hue! She looked sideways towards me, a maniacal grin appeared on her face! 

Unbelievably she started to climb through the RCA into the living room and that was the last sight I-

Well, that was a real season finale Kiddies! Hee hee hee hee! The moral here seems to be that however frightening your cable might be, the real terror comes from not opting to pay it!
Pleasant Screams!


Vignette 10: The Twilight Zone, A Stitch in Time

By Valkyrie Kerry and Brett Dyer

Imagine, if you will, being trapped like a rat in a maze, unable to leave, unable to execute any type of free will. Meet Ada Spinks, an amazing woman who has endured two world wars, seen empires rise and fall, worked in healthcare. Now she sits in her rocking chair, day after day. A rocking chair cut from the same wood as the log cabin that houses it. Her only company is her wayward grand-daughter Agnes. Ada sits and knits, her sore thumbs working away as she waits. Her only chance of leaving her prison, the daunting hope of a wooden box, but freedom sits on the very cusp of a daunting reality.

Click, clack, click, clack. The needles weave together their endless blanket, its colours drench the old woman’s lap, covering her legs and trailing across the floor. Occasionally her eyes dart up and observe Agnes. The slip of a girl drifts aimlessly between the living area and kitchenette. 
‘Tea Grandmother?’ She offers. Ada glances at the clock, 1pm. Its white shiny face reflecting the hue of light that ghosts the cabin. 
‘Tea would be lovely dear. Tell me, is your head better. I seem to recall that it was troubling you last night.’ Instinctively Agnes strokes her forehead, the cuckoo screaming in her ear.
‘It is better, though not quite right,’ she states whilst placing the kettle on the stove. 

Click, clack, click, clack. The sound of the needles pounds her temples, but she looks at the kindly face of the old woman, and her tightly woven bun and a hint of sympathy settles her nerves. 
‘You are troubled child, perhaps last night’s thunder scared you?’ Ada queries, gently rocking back and forth in her chair. Agnes scoops a loose strand of blond hair behind her ear. 
‘I did not hear it grandmother, I slept heavily,’ She whispers handing her grandmother the tea. ‘Your pills grandmother!’
‘I told you dear,’ the hunched over woman laughs, ‘they’re not mine.’ Agnes sighs,
‘must we have this argument every day?’ She mutters to herself moodily.
‘And grandmother told you to control your moods, anxiety puts the leprechauns in you.’

Click, clack, click, clack. Whistling steams from the kettle. Agnes, realising that she has forgotten to remove it from the boil hurries to the kitchenette. Steam rises against the window, and she stares at the outside world, the inaccessible world. Now, merely another picture on the wall. For an instant, in the steam, she catches a glimpse of a pale looking mousey girl. Sickly. It fades, as did the thunder. The steam mesmerises her, captivates her, and her gaze is held. The cuckoo cuts in, calling time, where time no longer matters.

Click, clack, click, clack. Ada looks at the clock as it strikes four. The round face staring at her, reminding her of the slow and painful progress of time. 
‘Is it medication time?’ Ada queries, her needles working another line.
‘Grandmother, you said that the medication was not yours. Remember?’ Agnes snaps impatiently.
‘Indeed, I did,’ Ada chuckles, ‘I wonder whose medication it is.’ She looks up as Agnes tuts and rolls her eyes. ‘I am sorry dear; I forget how trying I can be.’ The wizened lady apologises as she steadies herself against the heavy, white cushions of her chair. A bland colour, one that permeates the cabin.

Click, clack, click, clack. Agnes tidies furiously, straightening the chairs, plumping up the solid cushions and aligning the wall clock. She scrubs her grandmother’s cup and saucer and washes her hands furiously.
‘You seem agitated child,’ Ada points out, barely looking up from her wool. ‘Is something amiss?’ Agnes wedges the sofa’s legs against the ivory mat. 
‘That infuriating tapping,’ Agnes growls. ‘It drives me insane.’ 
‘I’m sorry dear, I am a burden, but with my joints there is little else for me to do.’ The cuckoo yelps in Agnes’s ears once again, forcing her to jump involuntarily. Ada stares at the round dial.
‘I suggest you drink your milk and try to sleep.’ Agnes reaches for the milk, she had not noticed it before, but now it rests on the table, waiting. 

Click, clack, click, clack. CUCKOO. Ada looks up at the clock, it seems to smile announcing dawn. 8am. She watches curiously, ever weaving her wool, as Agnes eats her breakfast. In the mirror Ada glimpses an old man and smiles to herself. She remembers him, an educated sort. Capable and professional. His image fades almost instantly as the needles continue to knit their melody. 
‘How are you feeling today? You look refreshed.’
‘Very much so grandmother,’ Agnes replies, ‘would you like your tea.’ 
‘That would be lovely dear,’ Ada replies. As the kettle boils Agnes fixates on the window, longs for the world outside, until the steam fogs her view, and once again the sickly shadow appears, albeit momentarily. 

Click, clack, click, clack. Ada’s white dress and pale skin vanish into the depths of the cushions. Click, clack, click, clack. CUCKOO. Her face peers from within the padding, drifts into existence. She looks up at the white dial, 1pm, and then down at her white knitted blanket. The noise beats like drums in Agnes’s brain. She rips the cuckoo clock from the wall and smashes it to pieces with her feet. The white moon of the sundial stares down at her, time passes. 

Click, clack, click, clack. CUCKOO. The sound comes in the absence of the object. Click, clack, click, clack. CUCKOO. Agnes places her hands over her ears, in the mirror she glimpses the sickly girl talking to an old man. The furniture seems slightly out of place. She rushes around straightening angles, plumping up the thick white cushions, washing and scrubbing her hands.
‘It’s four O’ clock dear,’ her grandmother mutters nonchalantly, ‘you are wasting time again.’
‘Wasting time? How can you live in this mess, and with that infernal noise?’ 
‘There’s no mess dear. Life is too short for concerning yourself with such nonsense.’ 

Click, clack, click, clack.
‘Too short? To live in a hygienic home.’ Agnes snaps, noting the alignment of the furniture once again. ‘I am stuck in here, with you, no way out. The least I can have is a bit of order.’
‘Then you shall not leave.’ Ada laughs as she rocks back and forwards, disappearing into the padding of the white chair. The needles bang together, the noise deafening. CLICK, CLACK, CLICK, CLACK. Furiously Agnes grabs the needles and drives them through her grandmother’s chest and into her heart. The needles melt into the cushions. The walls crack and heave, a split forms. Then another, then another. Quaking ruptures the floor, glass shatters from the window and mirror, spreading shards across the disintegrating abode. Then there is nothing.

Agnes rubs her eyes. She blinks, and blinks again. The old man sits beyond the glass. His white coat firmly buttoned to his neck, his clipboard and pen write furiously. The metronome swings from side to side; click, clack, click, clack, click, clack. She gazes confused at the white padded walls, the high barred window, and her own sickly reflection in the glass.
‘Do you remember me, Agnes?’ The psychiatrist asks. The scared girl shakes her head.
‘I your doctor, Dr Adrian Spinks. ‘You are in Bedlam, admitted for severe OCD. A danger to yourself and others,’ he flicks through his notes, ‘obsessed with straight lines and bleaching body parts.’ He looks up from his clipboard to the round, white clock on the wall. 4am. ‘It is time for your medication Agnes.’

Click, clack, click, clack. The cuckoo cries out wakening Agnes from a forgotten dream. Her grandmother sits observing, always observing as the needles tap. 
‘Would you like tea grandmother?’ Agnes asks.
‘That would be lovely dear,’ the old lady replies whilst eyeing the displaced furniture.

………………….

Very little comment here, save for this small aside. Life is short, obsession with death even manifesting through compulsions that seem reasonable, may give an early death. A self-inflicted prison of one’s own making. If there is an escape it is through a change of personal direction, such counselling could be sought in another realm and in that realm who is the hero? Ada or Agnes? The only thing we know for sure is that time is the villain.


Vignette 11: Phantasm, New Worlds

By Atticus Jurnet

Jebediah Morningside, The Tall Man

I had won. After nearly two decades I finally defeated the boy and his Ice Cream vendor friend. With the experimental golden sphere passed down to the boy from his ancestor in my possession I could finally proceed with my plans for conquering the multiverse.

I arrived in several other dimensions like a fire storm. The inhabitants didn't know what hit them. Countless other Reggies and Mikes, each more helpless than the first duo I bested. Those that fought the hardest always retreated to the colder regions. Prolonging the inevitable.

Each new world was easier to conquer than the last. Were they just that much weaker? No. I was getting stronger. Much stronger. I kept improving my methods. It wasn't long until I was destroying my enemies before they even thought to escape and hide in the arctic regions.

The routine became a well-oiled machine. No hiccups, no slumps, eventually no opponents. It was delightful to see how far the process had become...
The first few times. Then something happened.

I became bored with the process. Bored with the plan. What is the point if there is no challenge? No this was a fun experiment in the beginning when I had merged with Jebediah, but it was new and exciting then. I had opponents who had fought hard enough to hinder the plan.

Time for something different and new. No more inter-dimensional domination. I need a new project, a new purpose. I deconstructed my Goliath Spheres and used the resources to make a more intelligent variant of the sentinel sphere. I put them to the test immediately. Their job was to spread out across the multiverse and find me a world I couldn't possibly conquer. It took some time, but I have more time than one could know what to do with. There were some formidable places but none that were impossible, or so it seemed. 

One sphere came back with data detailing a primitive sort of land, but with some strange advancements. Portals merging all sorts of worlds with many individuals who would be greater threats than the Boy and the Ice Cream man. 

In the more modern region, there was a shady opportunist and his powerful golem. This man is on a quest nearly identical the one I had just abandoned. A rather cunning mind with such a feeble body. No wonder he made such a powerful bodyguard.

In the more primitive looking area, there were still some modern advancements being made. The inhabitants were quite diverse. Some who although not as strong as I am individually would still be formidable, but when banded together they are unbreakable.

And deep in a castle there were many other interesting people. But the ones who caught my attention were quite odd. One who's strength could rival my own, and one who's power could possibly be greater than mine.

With all of this new information I decided this would be the best realm to settle in. I would take refuge in the wastelands and observe my new neighbours from a safe distance. Keep my sentinel spheres on guard, but I would only collect the bodies of those who died naturally. 

I wonder what resources I will find in this strange new world, and what strange new creatures cold I make with them? If I cannot find any lair in the wastelands, I will easily make one. Now is the time to get creative. Finally, a new feeling of excitement has come over me.


Vignette 12: Jason Voorhees, Abandoned Chase

By Valkyrie Kerry

Emily looked up at the stars, it was such a perfect clear night. Her head was perched on a fallen log next to her newfound love Ed. This was their weekend, their third date and they wanted to be alone. The long-abandoned woods of Camp Crystal Lake provided the ideal spot. The camp itself had closed leaving only a series of abandoned cabins and a few private log homes scattered sparsely throughout the forest. Old folk in town warned of an entity haunting the area, but the young seldom heeded the warnings and would travel to see the legendary spot. Even the ongoing disappearances did little to thwart the small influx of guests.

Emily’s long, dark hair fanned across Ed’s sleeping bag. Emily was far too hot to snuggle down into her bag. The fire made from gathered wood blazed furiously and lit the shores of the water. Ed’s hand rested on Emily’s head and occasionally caressed her long locks as she smoked an exotic cigarette. After several puffs she nonchalantly handed the smoke to Ed. Wind breezed daintily through the trees and created a few ripples on the lake.

‘You know what would be nice?’ Ed asked as the smoke was stubbed out. Emily shifted her gaze from the lake to meet his eyes,
‘what?’ she sniffed. 
‘A beer!’ Emily pulled herself up moodily,
‘They’re back in the car,’ she moaned. They had left Ed’s Mustang up by the abandoned cabins and hiked along a trail through the woods to reach the lake. ‘And,’ Emily continued, ‘it’s dark, anyone could be out there.’ 
‘No one’s out there,’ Ed laughed. ‘We’re alone.’ Emily tutted and swept her hair back revealing her large, moody blue eyes, her lip dropped as she feigned sadness.

‘Go on Emily,’ Ed continued, ‘and I will roll another one, then we can have some fun.’ He cupped her face and planted a lingering kiss on her lips. Emily smiled cheekily and let out a slight giggle,
‘OK, if I must,’ she teased sweeping her tiny hands through his close-cropped sandy hair. She rose and brushed the dust and smatter of leaves from her jeans. 
‘Bring the crate!’ Ed stated. Emily sniffed again, a snort of derision. ‘You know I love you,’ Ed hummed. Emily reached down for the torch that lay in the dirt next to Ed’s sleeping bag. She gave him a last peck on the cheek and uttered,
‘I’ll be right back.’ 

Ed watched as Emily disappeared into the shroud of the forest. He then turned his attention to his tobacco pouch and began to roll. The smell of crushed grass crept into his nostrils, and he breathed in the aroma deeply as the sound of Emily’s footsteps melted into the distance. He sat up slightly and peered at the trail. The glow of the torch was gone. Ed finished rolling his smoke and lit it up taking a deep, relaxing pull. His eyes partially closed, and he leaned back on one hand, whilst smoking with the other. 

The melody of the breeze was abruptly interrupted by the sound of a twig cracking at the edge of the woods. Ed twisted rapidly, with a jump. He scanned the woods but could see nothing but darkness. Even the moonlight failed to illuminate the dense copse. Ed squinted and tried to look closer, but nothing emerged. He returned to his smoke taking a deep drag. Again, the sound of a twig cracking broke Ed’s peace, he swung around,
‘Emily!’ Ed called nervously. The trees shuffled in response. ‘Emily, is that you?’ In an instant everything stilled; the breeze stopped blowing and the trees stopped moving.

Ed gulped, ‘This isn’t funny Emily,’ he called. He stared hard into the darkness, but nothing moved. A feeling engulfed him, a presence. He was not alone, the heaviness of someone’s eyes shivered through his body. Slowly he turned back taking in the surroundings, the wood’s edge, the trail, the pier’s wooden walkway and finally the shore. His body froze as his eyes took in a terrifying vision. There on the edge of the lake stood a giant of a man, whose hulking, heaving body was clad in a deep, blue boiler suit. His face was hidden by a dirty hockey mask and there in his hands he held a machete that glinted with a sinister malevolence in the moonlight.

Panic stricken; Ed struggled with his sleeping bag. He had tightened the draw string around his chest. The smoke fell from his hands and burned deeply into the bag. With one hand Ed tried to flick away the smoke, and with the other he pulled vigorously at the string which held him. The masked man breathed deeply and angrily as he watched the fearful lad. Ed had heard of Jason, rumours, a myth even, but he had never suspected that the rumours could be true. Jason stepped forward, the murderous creature, the undead that roamed Crystal Lake, had come to life. 

Again, the creature stepped forward slowly, taunting his victim. Another noise from behind caught Ed’s attention. Emily’s footsteps as she marched carelessly back along the trail. Ed peered at the trail, ‘Emily, run!’ The shout echoed through the night and pounded Emily’s ears as she exited the trail. She stopped dropping the crate of beer, a shudder trembled across her lips as she saw the monster striding towards Ed. Her feet froze to the spot. The monster advanced and ripped the string from Ed’s hands.

Jason lifted the sleeping bad from the ground in one hand. He shook it forcing Ed deeper into the bag and spun the string around imprisoning the terrified lad,
‘Emily, run!’ Ed’s muffled voice called helplessly from the bag. Emily’s whole body shook, she wanted to run but her feet would not shift. Jason marched towards Emily, towards the trees, carrying the fidgeting sleeping bag. Emily’s eyes widened as he closed in on her and a scream inadvertently escaped her lips.

Tears streamed down the girl’s face, and she forced herself to move. At first, she edged backwards, then with a hit of horrified adrenaline she turned and ran back up the trail. Jason’s strides were great, but he stopped unexpectedly at the edge of the trail. His head tilted and turned to regard the sleeping bag, he pulled the bag over his shoulder and with one furious pelt he beat the bag against the tree. The movement stopped and Jason slung the bag to the ground. The string released and Ed’s bloodied, ruined head was released and smashed on the path. 

Jason resumed his strides at great speed, his hearing was sharp, Emily’s panting cry loud to his ears. Emily ploughed on. She was overwhelmed with terror, she desperately wished she was at home. The torch lay back near the lake amongst the debris of cans that had fallen from the crate. Only the clouding moonlight offered any light. Somehow, she had ventured from the trail and found herself running between looming trees. Jason’s footsteps thundered behind her, she tried to run faster but her legs could not manage it. 

Jason loved the chase, although dutybound to his mother to cause suffering, he had a sadistic soul. The sight of a desperate, nubile girl trying to escape tantalised a deep longing within him. Their fear fed him and drove him on. Emily was no different, no different to the girls that had teased him as a child. She saw nothing but a monster, if they saw him as a monster, he reasoned, then he would act like the monster everyone expected him to be. He watched Emily’s path. Jason stopped; he would allow her some hope. The girl carried on running. Her feet ached, but he seemed to have stopped following her. At length she slowed her pace and dipped into the shelter of a giant tree trunk. Emily looked behind her, there appeared to be no movement. Up ahead she saw a light. Jason knew where the girl was headed. He raised he drew his hand along the leafy forest floor and tugged at a wire. A hidden trap door flung open, and he dropped down into the aperture. 

Emily gazed at the light; light meant people. She could go for help. Perhaps there was a chance that Ed was still alive, perhaps he could be rescued. Emily looked over her shoulder again. She was certain he had gone. She crept towards the light using the tree trunks to camouflage her. There in a clearing sat an isolated log cabin, but there was light. Emily hoped that someone would be at home. Her pace quickened as she approached the door, and by the time she was on the porch a frenzy had taken hold. 
‘Help!’ She cried, ‘someone help me!’ Her fists pounded at the door, but no one answered. Behind her the trees rustled in the wind, the noise startled her, and she gave the door one big shove.

The door opened with a groan and some stiffness. Emily used her shoulder to barge it a little farther and darted into the cabin slamming it behind her. She found herself in a scarcely furnished room; an old sofa, a table with a couple of rickety chairs and a wood stove. Candles lit up the room, and a fire burned in the stove. ‘Hello,’ Emily called as her frenzy calmed, ‘hello.’ No one answered. At the farthest side of the room was an archway leading to the rest of the cabin. Emily hurried over to it and found a hallway with doors leading elsewhere on both sides. At the far end of the hall, built into the stonework a dark crevice loomed surrounded by candles. 

A bad feeling consumed Emily, this was no ordinary house. She crept curiously towards the crevice. Her body trembled. She could make out something perched in the darkness of the hole. She stared deeply trying to make out what was hidden. She focused her eyes; her toes met the base of the wall and Emily had to slightly raise herself on her toes to get a better look. Hollowed eye sockets stared back; hollowed eye sockets sunken into a wizened face. Emily screamed and stumbled backwards. She lost her footing and fell to her knees. Sobs gurgled from her throat and a trap door in the floor flew open. Jason shot up as if propelled by a supernatural force. His chest heaved heavily as he stared through one masked eye at her. 

The machete still dangled from Jason’s hand. Emily shuffled backwards away from the monster until she was pressed against the wall. Mascara streamed down her face and her legs buckled against her belly. There was nowhere to run. Jason twisted the machete in his hands exhibiting its sharpened edges. One hefty leg dropped and kicked closed the trapdoor. The space between them seemed so much less than it had when the door was opened. He moved towards her; Emily pressed her head against the stone wall. The machete’s tip brushed against her leg and dragged across her thigh onto her waist. Jason loved to hear his victim’s sob. The blade pressed into her cheek and dug into her hair as he teased her. 

In an instant Jason’s demeanour changed, his free hand grasped Emily’s hair into a bunch and pulled her off the floor. For a second, she dangled, flailing in mid-air. Then the machete blade sliced into the skin behind her ear, blood trickled over her cheek, and as the blade moved across her forehead over her eyes. Agonised squeals filled his delighted ears. He tightened the bunch and with one cruel movement removed the trespasser’s scalp. Her limp form fell to the floor. The machete’s tip dangled close to her barely moving chest, Jason rose the weapon above his victim and drove it down with a superhuman strength.


Vignette 13: Freddy, Shelter (with Jason and Ash)

By Valkyrie Kerry and Brett Dyer

Prologue

Vengeance gave me my power, my evil already legendary in the many Underworlds. A mortal man with bestial tendencies, a wolf among lambs. Many lambs fell at my blades, but the sheep came to avenge them, to quench my cruelty with fire. As the flames engulfed me and death. My sins gleefully encouraged me to accept vengeance, anger, pride, lust and greed. Greed for the souls that I would collect. Each offering the limited knowledge of the youth slain. Powered by souls. 

As they slept, I took my vengeance, taunting and torturing the offspring of my assassins. BUT IT WAS NEVER ENOUGH! Limited minds, young souls, futile powers. I wanted more. I wanted it all. Other Dream Demons exist. Others master the gates. It was then that I decided to invade the dreams of the dream demons and take my true prize.

Part One
I travel the Depths of the darkened world, the land of dreams and nightmares. Space between the mortal world and the after. A seeker, returning sporadically to my children. Those that call to me, who suffer and become one with me. Yet I seek further. I seek the hidden list held in the tomes of the gatekeepers. Demons to some, angels to others. I search the great, marbled halls of the beyond where all deeds are etched eternally in ethereal records. 

My quest: to find others like me. Others with souls to feed on. Those who's souls offer a strengthening to my own. There in I find them, souls trapped between the mortal and immortal coils. Taunting the human spirit. Haunting, torturing, destroying, and stealing their essence. Their strengths greater than that offered by the mortals. The whole infinitely greater than the sum of its parts. Their rapture triggered by suffering; such is the greatest aphrodisiac. 

There, in the annals of eternity, I find my first. Wreaking havoc in a world lost in time, infuriated by her own tortured suffering at the hands of zealots. I know your pain. Let Freddy release you from your self-inflicted incarceration. 1, 2 Alessa Freddy's coming for you, 3,4 better lock your door... Come to Freddy, Bitch!

Part Two

Alessa Gillespie, Freddy's poor, poor child. Crying out in the darkness. Daughter of an absent parent, not physically, but in spirit. The mortal children thrive or fail without a present parent. Their desperate internal cries conjure my demonic soul. But Dahlia, yes Dahlia, she failed beyond anything I could ever have hoped for. Her child, born out of wedlock, a scourge on Silent Hill. Product of an unholy union, rejected by the false piety of The Brethren. Taken by Christabella, their wicked priestess. Dahlia failing Alessa.

We have so much in common sweet child. Burned alive, roasted over the flames. Victim of the brethren. Accursed and accused as her mother looked impotently on. Christabella, sadist in a frenzy, followed by supportive fools. Burn dear child, burn and be reborn from the flames. Secret room, where the flames bit into her soul, and in her pain the demon entered. A demon of vengeance. A town trapped in the purgatory formed from their own sins. Blinded by lies, deafened by the truth. In the darkest recesses she lays, ever convalescing. Waiting for me.

Dahlia, ruined flower, sought help when it was too late. Protected from the monsters that roam Silent Hill, creatures of Alessa's damaged heart, for mother is everything. Unseen, she is nothing. Darkness comes as the wrath sears, and the agonies veer into a crescendo. 

And out of the darkness step the remnants and demonic embodiments of Alessa's twisted spirit. Barriers to my prey, an inviting game, as I step into the ashes of Silent Hill.

Part Three

You guard your gate well BITCH! As I enter the ash snowstorm and witness the desolation of tortured souls roaming a wasteland town the darkness comes. Inhabitants run like frightened lambs to the church, though God has forsaken these sinners. An alarm, music to my ears. Your presence is overwhelming, astounding. I applaud your efforts and anticipate the moment you join the other souls within me. I have come for you Alessa. All is cursed under the darkness. Once the doors of the church close those left in the open are to fend for themselves. 

They come; the beasts formed from Alessa's fury. Enslaved beings crafted through suffering. Men with barbed wire suffocating their inhuman faces, masked creatures and one giant Pyramid Head. Standing tall, smiting with his heavy sword. The burden he does endure, what rapture. I see into his soul, as he decapitates his victims, as he rips them apart. Such exquisite delight the rapture of suffering. No stranger to suffering himself, sealed for eons in a cage, beyond the human realm, no death just deeper levels of suffering. 

Animalistic, a fiend released to become that which imprisoned him. A never-ending story of sadism and tortured endurance. Blinded by the prison carried upon his shoulders. I do not envy him, for he is nothing but a dog serving his mistress. Easy to taunt, easy to torment. Unprepared.

I circle him, dodging his blade. No fear, just simple amusement. Creeping up on him, adding my razors to his pain, scraping his giant form. Watching the blood flow. He turns, infuriated, struggling under the weight of his helmet. 'Come to Freddy!'

Part Four

Oh, how the mighty fall. Great in stature, glorious in mass, shredded. I goad him. As the blood flows, his sword grows heavy. My blades cut again, and again as I dodge the weakening blows. The laugh exits my belly. You hold no fears for me colossus. Blinded, easily fooled. One Achilles tendon torn; Two Achilles tendons torn. I shout with glee, 'Timmmbbberrrr!' As the mighty oak tumbles to the Earth. 'Give my regards to the Underworld,' one single razored finger knife slices into his pulsing jugular. Blood sprays, the tree is felled.

An abandoned hospital awaits. Recovering from shock, shaking with anger and the icy chills of burned flesh Alessa convalesced. Wrath summoned the demon, the two became one. Those in nearest proximity doused in hatred's flame. Bodies twisted and turned. Mutated. The rest vacated. 

There to care and protect, frightful in form. Deep in the basement, that is where the darkness hides, that is where Alessa resides. Outside the darkness lifts, but not below. Not in her little corner of Hell. Only one way in, and only one way out. An elevator to the inferno.

Darkness, stifling and cold. Paradise to my eyes. I flick my fingers together, and one lights up. A flame in the asylum of my many souls. Her guardians wait, still. Silent. Once nurses, still donning their uniforms, yet deformed in face. Blinded, like their surface bound brother.

Only sound moves them, for their sight is in sound. Sound, movement and touch. This is their world, trapped in eternal darkness. Punishment for caring when all empathy abandoned Alessa. Suffering without a saviour, until the dark one entered her soul and voided emotion. All but one, her weakness, Dahlia. For mother is god. 

I step forward, into the nurses' vicinity, they move in response. I stop, mouth open, smug expression. They stop. I dance about them, they flay about in response, bumping into each other. I stop, they stop. 'This is going to be fun!' I quip, scuttling between them. One nurse lunges towards me, I duck, 'Oops,' she grabs at her companion, and they engage in a tussle. The other nurses, attracted by the grunts and movements advance. Attack. Tear each other apart. Moving elegantly between their confused forms I weave and laugh. Occasionally pushing two together, 'Menage a trois!' 

Blades are drawn, knives to guard their demonic Queen. Erroneously stabbing one another, unable to differentiate. Confused. More panic. More movement. More writhing. 'My heart bleeds for you!' Blood splatter proves such a delight. Gutting each other. 'Freddy doesn't have to lift a finger.' An awesome display, bodies cutting, grinding, sensually tearing each other to pieces. Until all is still, and Alessa awaits.

Part Five

The sounds of the nurses as they destroy each other fades, I turn the corner and stroll deeper into the murky mindscape of Alessa. Burning inside with anticipation, someone who also knows the taste of flame-grilled, but no doubt lacks my sense of humour. 

Last door on the left, how convenient. How perfect. No fight required, the portal swings open. There she lays, sweet in her suffering. Untreated burns fester under the scorching life. A single nurse attending on her needs. The demon within speaks, 
'She was only curious, one glimpse at her patient, and so her purgatory destined.' The nurse turns, eyes stinging with blood, and backs herself into a frightened corner. 'Perhaps it is time to free her,' Alessa's demon observes. 
'My pleasure!' I laugh, clanking my fingernails. The nurse cowers, 'ahhh don't worry princess, the first time tends to get a little messy.' I push her up against the wall by her throat, 'but it's over quick.' The blades shift into the form of air-filled syringes. I stab them into her throat, the plunges descend to my delight, and her body falls.

'Tastefully done,' the demon observes. 'I have been expecting you, and you are not unwelcome.' A little girl appears, cut with the blood of the demon. Quite a contrast to the charred remains that grimace in her hospital bed. 'I came to ease her suffering, her hate called to me, and I answered her call. Vengeance, loathing, in equal measure. The two of us became one, scourging light with the darkness. Christabella and the brethren my victims, though they hide behind blind faith. 

‘I grow weary, for vengeance is slow, and still, they live in denial. Unable and unwilling to atone. They hide behind the shield of piety, though they know no true light.' I stride about the room, eager to join the twin souls to my own. Or what is left of it. 'I know what you seek,' Alessa continues, 'and I offer it in return for one simple favour. One final act.' 
'A bargain?' I flick my knives together, 'interesting.' 
'A wealth of souls, take me into the church of the brethren. Release me. Let Alessa have her revenge, and your urn shall be filled.'

Part Six

Darkness calls... Ringing of sirens scream through the air, the lullaby of a sad baby lost in shadows. A mother's poor choices. The burning, and suffering. That is what lies beneath. Yet this time the dark alarm cries with delight, seeing the rays of vengeance. The Brethren flock to the church, lambs to the slaughter. They dodge the barbed teeth of the silent creatures, and I follow the last in. Fear creates confusion, confusion offers the righteous demon a path. Doors slam, and echo. Scared brethren huddle to their priestess for comfort. 

'Hey, God Squad!' I shout, interrupting their ceremonious panic. 'How about a welcome for your guest!' Instinctively the sea parts for my stride. Arrogant Christabella standing within its estuary. 'Christabella,' I growl, 'so much in common.' My eyes catch sight of a charred body burning in a lake of fire, 'love your work, very...Dali's art with a touch of Bulgakovian display.' She shrugs, trying not to shiver at my scars. Hiding her distress. I smirk, a crude display required. The ladder holding the remains rises, still inflamed. 'Ahhh,' I sigh, flicking my fingers. 

The fire sweeps through one of the sea's shore of people, chopping them in half. Christabella gasps, turns and runs. I am in front of her, 'going somewhere?' I snap. Something trembles... My abdomen shifts, 'and we were just getting to know each other, shame.' It shivers, splits, the pain and pleasure of shelter. 

Alessa, her demon, emerges, and from the fire pit her true form rises. Wires raise and wrap her, wires to guard, barbs to rip. Her suffering beyond exquisite, and her wrath ready to be released. Wires shoot from her sick bed. They know their charge, the remaining Brethren, to suffer for their sins. Intervention is not an option, this is Alessa's dream, and their nightmare. So, I stand relishing each severed limb, every torn head, the eyes gouged from bleating skulls. Lambs to the slaughter.

All that remain are Christabella and Dahlia, the latter cowering in the pews, soulfully whispering, 
'Alessa, what have you become?' The barbs wrap around Christabella's hand, up her arm, over her body. Horror blights her vision. Pierced and strangled, she is raised. Destiny inescapable. Wires heave tightly about her, tear and dig into her rigid form, and finally rip her into cross-sectional piece after piece. Sloppy remains slide into the pit, her new hell. Dahlia sneaks towards the door, 
'Where do you think you’re going?' I tease. 

'Krueger,' Alessa's demon and Alessa hum simultaneously, 'it is time for us to become one.' I turn from Alessa to Dahlia to demon, and around again. Unsure. Alessa rises from her bed, the darkness enters her once again, and they approach. I cast another look at Dahlia as she closes the door behind her. Possessed Alessa slips forward, 'it is time!' She insists. I glare at the door, 
'Why?' 
'Because to a child, mother is always God!' She exclaims as her life-force merges with mine, and she enters the shelter. An asset to my collection.

Part Seven

Alessa, child of the darkness and one with my shelter. The cries of the young a deafening symphony, for no one feels suffering like those unable to comprehend the experience. Cruelty abounds, it calls to me. This time it calls from one cursed by emotions taint. Samara, Yamamura. Her story known across the universe. The unwanted wanted. Adopted, taken, drown in a mother's love, burdened by a father's hate. Hate manifests in nightmarish visions. Communicating the pain of her soul with images, waking nightmares, capable of bursting the heart, such was her wake of devastation. But love does know bounds. Love has limits. 

Her father loved his horses, so she drove them wildly into the sea. Her sadness spreading like a sickness through the island's small community. One person's ailment shared by all. And so, she was taken to a different shelter. The monstrosity led to the place of the well, suffocated, and discarded into its murky depths. Yet she still lived. 

Cold, broken and torn. For seven days she lived. Nails bled as she attempted to climb. Skin shrivelled. An agonising thirst and sickness inducing hunger destroying her frail body. Such alluring cries. Such suffering. Fury that death could not silence, it remained, it festered. It found a way to escape the confines of its deep tomb.

Part Eight

What does Samara dream? What imprint does she etch into modern media? A sickness to spread, a sickness shared with the entire world. Dark images reflecting her pain, scolding those who do not empathise. Do not share. She seeks vectors, not victims. Suffering is all that she knows. Feared by her birth mother, her head held beneath the ripples. Rescued by nuns. Loathed by her adoptive father, a bane on his life. 

What images does she curse and burn the world with? The ladder to her prison within the stables. The chair on which she sat spinning out of control. Wildly. Her mother's scornful image glaring upon her. Reflections of her abandonment. Her own image, fading and disappearing into the void. Choking perhaps, swallowing water and her hair. Her nails snapping as she tries to climb from her watery tomb.

Drowning, like the horses. Their eyes soiled with fear. Her eyes staring upwards, seeking the light. Her final vision as the lid closed upon the well. The ring. Flies, centipedes. Creatures that roam. Death's curse, but her exquisite pain lives on. Imprinted media, burning the minds of her audience. Haunting their dreams. Taunting them. How long does one survive beneath the ring? How long does one suffer at the bottom of the well? Samara whispers the answer in her morbid reveries, 'seven days!'

Part Nine

'I want you to watch this Naomi, for me,' Martin states as the winds thud against the thin panes of their cottage.
 'You know I don't like horror.' Naomi replies, clearing the dishes from the table, 'besides,' she stops and puts his arms about his neck, 'I've missed you. You promised your days on the road were over.' Martin side glances the clock. Seven minutes to go, 'I promise my wild days are over. Now, watch the film. It's more Salvador Dali than horror.' He kisses her head, 'and I know you always like to tread in the surreal.'

Before she can reply he steers her into the living area and eases her onto the sofa. Quickly he inserts the video and presses play, adjourning to the kitchenette. Naomi leans forward, but the nightmarish images force her to recoil. Martin watches the back of her head, listening to the television as it hisses and screeches. Water drips from the fridge, unnoticed. He sees the ring and waits. 

No phone call, no whispers, no 'seven days.' Naomi ejects the video, 
'I had to close my eyes, sorry but that's too much.' Her voice is drowned out by the oceanic cries of the cuckoo clock. Water floods the tiles, and drips from the monitor. 'What did you do?' Martin roars, desperately trying to pull the plug from its socket. Naomi backs against the wall. The ring, deep within its confines she climbs. She who languishes beneath.

Her sorrows not shared, her pain failing infection. She comes, climbs up the stones of her imprisonment. Her hair; ebony and flowing. Hauls herself over the well's cold brim. Lurches towards Martin, sees the voyeur and hunches, twitching with each forced movement. Flicks in death's dance, he is within her grasp. Martin throws himself backwards as she deliberately shifts towards him. Her hair escapes the glass first, and she climbs into existence. Glitches in waves, ever advancing. Martin moves backwards knocking himself against the sofa.

She stands at her full height. Closing in. Naomi closes her eyes, her heart thumping in her chest but not as hard as Martin's; an organ ready to explode. Terror, visions manifest in his mind, burn into his flesh. His face consorts as she prepares...

And pours her demonic wrath into one multi-faceted image. A nightmare entwined with the darkest of sensations. His pulse races, she looks at him, heart thumping out of his chest, reveals her eyes, burning all over and the pain tears his heart open in one mind blowing stare.

'Love your work!' I laugh, tearing the cable from the wall. Samara remains fixed, unable to move. Naomi shudders and reaches for the door handle. 'Ahhh don't you wanna be on TV Naomi? Let's call it your newest exhibit!' At my will her body lifts and hauls itself before the TV.

Mechanical hands lift her as she cries out, a futile effort but I love a scream queen. She struggles as my head emerges. 'Welcome to Prime Time, Bitch!' I force her head through the screen and drop her body to the floor. The TV reverts to its ordinary, albeit damaged, state. Samara, unable to return, stands motionless as I dance about her. I sense her fear, and loathing. 'Time for a little tete-en-tete, don't you think?'

Part Ten

The ghostly apparition, demon of sight and sound, stands still and tall. Haunting in her fury, hateful in her vengeance. I sleek about her, observing her stoic candour and cruelly tainted soul, I consider the bargain. Her curse tainted revenge confined by parameters of time and space. The shelter removes those parameters. I am immortal, untouched be her malevolence, 
'Show me!' I ask, knowing that she would willingly impart that wrath on any acquiescing creature. 

Her head slowly lifts, a wicked smile growing. Her eyes lock on to mind. Sweet melody of childhood, the little girl within speaks to the shelter, and all souls within writhe uncomfortably against her words and visions. 
'Born fatherless, into suffering. Born of the demon, my true mother lived in terror. Held me beneath the water. My adoptive mother also grew to despise me. I was all that she wanted, yet all I offered was disappointment. Fury cannot be contained, just scratched beneath the surface of outsiders. She looked at me with disdain.

‘Father's loathing was greater, for he already resented my strange presence. Morbidly obsessing, as the vile stench of my sadness washed over him. They loved the horses. And like a beast I was abandoned, placed above the stables, set apart. The horses kept me awake. High above their stables. The emotional leper. Creatures scurried at night, and only the television offered company until I drove the horses into the sea. They loved the horses. It was deemed a sickness, and one virus is everyone's virus. I was studied, questioned, and watched. 

At length my projections could not be ignored, could not be healed, and I was taken to shelter mountain. All my mother ever wanted was me. Suffocated and thrown into the well at her hands, yet I was still alive. Climbing ripped the nails from my fingers. Cold, cruel pains of hunger and fear. Seven days. I survived seven days. The projections strengthened, carved themselves into the videos kept within the cabin. Viewers copied my suffering and shared it or perished. The last thing I ever saw was the ring.' 

'Well, ain't that sweet!' I mock, 'but now you're tied to those seven days, bound by the curse formed from your own malice. What if Freddy could offer another way? What if Freddy could bypass that curse. Samara reborn, able to manifest anytime.' I lie avoiding the nature of the shelter, the 'time share' aspect if you will. 'Join me, be one with me, and your wrath shall rise freely.' I reach my hand out offering her the choice. Mechanically, she shifts her wraith-like arm towards mine. Our fingers meet, the dark smog of the shelter calls to her, whispers to her, covers her. Samara answers the call.

Part Eleven I

There is much room within The Shelter, scope for greater souls. Souls that collect souls, use their physical forms as a conduit to impart suffering. Artists within their trade! Capable of offering the lullabies of an age past to summon their pray. Music, a divine mechanism to lure hapless victims. Particularly those young souls that have not forgotten their preternatural abilities. Fresh blood capable of gliding from their bodies and into the unknown. Into heaven, hellscapes, and the further; that which lies beyond Hell's primary dominion. Blessed with the gifts of my own demons, I too am able to pass between realms. 

My ever-growing shelter opening previously closed doors. Beyond the farthest door resides a demon, fire and red mar his face, but he calls to those blessed children, and their souls creep from their bodies. Seek out the sweet melody. Tiptoe through the window by the window, that is where I'll be, Come tiptoe through the tulips with me. He holds their souls steadfast in his grasp, baring menacing teeth, and enters their body to cause pain and suffering.

Now that... is my kind of demon! I dance through Hell's sweet gate, a legend in my time, stride into Leviathan's province and seek out the red door. Into the Further, this isn't my first Lamabada! I bypass the doll family, useless metaphors, and delve deeper. Through Pale Man's kitchen. 

Poor creature looks like someone got here before me. He has literally fallen to pieces and trying desperately to heal old wounds. Tiptoe through the tulips, music to my ears, remedy for a hungry casket. As I near, I notice two beings straying on the path ahead. I see them for what they are; Jason Voorhees deadite and Immortalis, and 
Ash Williams, deadite Slayer. Such a strange association, but their connection becomes apparent; two lost souls wandering through the tulips of Hell. How sweet! Probably fighting and one or the other opened the box, a consequence of residing at a cabin in the woods I’m afraid.

The cenobites came, or Crowley came, and the unfortunate duo were cast into the abyss.

Now perhaps Freddy can use this to his advantage...

Part Eleven II

Jason

Following the light ahead, and the dulcet notes of the repetitive and annoying music, Jason and Ash barely notice the footsteps creeping up behind them. Yet another door looms ahead, all glassed and visible; a projection room overlooking the playroom that lurks below. Jason bursts through the door of the projection room. Therein the red-faced demon sits watching his prey below. Another demon closes in...

In the corner of the playroom, hunched in a ball, a young boy wails. He does not notice the gothic rocking horse, nor the eery bears that glare at him. He rocks back and forth, roaring and screeching. The noise drowns out the music. Another voice enters the orchestral din. 

Freddy

'Ahhh, little Sammy Vanek. All alone, able to fly but lacking direction.' Freddy looks up at Jason, 'remind you of anyone Jason? Sad little boy, burden to his parents? And Ashy Slashy, such a disappointment to your father!' The red-faced demon stands, confused by the influx of oddities. 

Ash

The Chinly One, having accepted the company and aid of Jason thus far, stared on. Flummoxed at the scene before him. His mind processing the sensory intake, eventually uttering in his hellbound (and forced) associate Voorhees' ear, 
‘Listen bud, are these friends of yours?' Backing away slightly, Ash notices that his comrade, the grotesque Goliath, has begun to heave his chest. 'What's up lassie, you sensing danger big fella?' Ash enquires. Then, addressing the occupants of the room, with a lion-like bravado, 'Okay meat heads. That's right. Wood guy and Ash Williams are here!' Puffing up his chest further, 'I thought my compadre here was ugly, but I never knew extra crispy came on two legs.' Turning to the crimson, and confused demon, 'Son, there are Vegas shows that pay for you to dress in drag!' Attention now cast to the child, 'Kid, come here now!'

Freddy

'The one-liners belong to me Mr Punch!' Freddy side glances Jason, 'I guess that makes you Judy! Punch and Judy are out of their depth, so Freddy came to offer you some much needed assistance. FOC of course, free of charge! Let's say I help relinquish Old Darkness here and then you owe me a favour. When the time comes. No questions asked! You see Freddy has a place to store demons.' He tears his jumper and points to the howling souls in his abdomen, 'in here!'

Ash

Ever the diplomat, Ash uses his keen powers of contemplation to scrutinize the offer. Pulling Jason to one side he whispers,
'Seems like a righteous dude, I'm a good judge of character!' Turning back to Krueger, as Voorhees shakes his head in disapproval, 'Okay I'm, I mean we, are in!

Jason

Jason, always concerned about the Chosen One's overzealous need to approve of any clearly insane idea dodgy-eyeballs Freddy and grimaces at Ash with a long looming stare. Dream demons are known to him, and seldom prove to be benevolent. Whatever Freddy's intentions they are certainly not going to benefit Jason or Ash in escaping from Hell’s deepest chasm.

The Red-Faced Demon stalks about the trio, somewhat confused by their purpose and the sum of the parts. Deadite, deadite slayer and dream demon. In the nursery below the child continues to holler in a manner discourteous to Jason's ears. Recognising Ash for his slayer intent, the demon rounds on him preparing to attack.

Ash

The Chinly One, ever battle ready, ignores the disapproval of his crude and obscene looking compadre, content in his decision to accept the aide of their new companion. All until...the master of this domain attacks! The Lipstick demon! It's hands, baring the hardened hell forged steel of agony. Taloned gauntlets and claws designed by the demon’s own hands swat at the Chosen One! 

Ash’s almighty and self-serving body is sent flying against the gaudy draped posts of the demon’s sanctum. 
'Holy mother of-' Ash begins to complain, before the fallen creature seizes him, dragging Ash to his feet. ' Now look here Darth Maul, I ain't got time to-' Ash's impending threat is subsequently terminated as the Demon draws those same articulated claws across the Chinly One’s face. 

Searing pain flows through Ash's body. However, years of receiving and dealing supreme ass kickings only serve to toughen his resolve. His body: portly in mid drift, carved out of wood by a coffin nail, and able to counter the assault! 

Pivoting, he twists his ample physique behind the crimson and black coated demon! With an almighty kick from behind Ash attempts a groin punt. Only to find nought but hardened demon flesh. 'What the? Demon dude got no balls!' Shaking off his initial shock and dismay, Ash proceeds to push the being into the nearest available (apparent) ally, Freddy.

Freddy

The demon's eyes burn into Freddy, 
'don't try and scare me!' He states flicking and scraping his finger knives, 'I've guarded my gate a long-time bitch and...' Freddy starts and stares past the demon, 'looks like your boy is escaping.' Instinctively the red-faced demon turns confused by the crafty ruse. 'Ha ha!' Freddy laughs, swiping at the demon's throat with his knives. A blood spray soaks Jason and Ash, and the angered demon turns back clasping his neck, only Freddy seems to have vanished.

Jason

Jason glares at Ash once again, his eyes stinking of the I told you so look. He rapidly pulls his bow and lifts an arrow from his quiver, and although he would love to fire it at his chinly pest, instead he releases the weapon to hit the same mark torn asunder by Freddy.

Freddy

'Hey, over here! Like snakes?' The giant Freddy snake slithers towards the demon as he yanks the arrow from his neck. It quickly wraps about him like a starved boa constrictor crushing its prey. Freddy's serpentine form squeezes and the sound of crunching bones echoes. The infuriated demon raises his own talons and drives them deep into the snake's belly. It writhes and Freddy roars as he recoils. Jason advances, machete in hand, and Freddy seizes the opportunity. As Jason battles the demon, machete against talon, Freddy descends...

Ash

Ash, unaware of the dream demon’s capers follows closely behind Voorhees. The dynamic pair of warlike woodsman and dumb luck struck fool starting to gel. A newly cast cohesive unit about to annihilate a hellbound demon. Machete and chainsaw, begin to work in glorious tandem and blood driven precision. Firstly, Ash pretends to feign left, causing the Lipstick demon to follow him. Jason notices the opening, delivering a blow with his tool of trade! 

The creature turns to confront Voorhees, only to be the recipient of chainsaw through the unsanctified gut! This choreography of carnage swayed back and forth. A ballet driven by the beat of a descending machete. Then matched melody of unforgiving chain. As the Demon eventually drops to a staggered knee, Ash goads, 
‘That's right, taught this guy everything he knows!’

Jason

Jason, noticing the elevated levels of Ash's adrenaline and his bizarre delusions of grandeur, Jason takes over and strikes down on one of the demon's wrists, removing the dagger like nails. He raises the blade again and removes the other then prepares for the head...

Freddy

'Wait!!' Freddy cries, his body slinking back to normal, 'a demon can be respawned, let me finish this.' Jason looks at Ash's approving face, and reluctantly stands aside. Freddy opens his arms and presses the ailing demon towards his body. Their respective fleshes knot and merge until the two become one and the demon is no more. Ash looks down at the nursery, 
'where’s the kid?' 
'Well, my job is done,' Freddy interrupts.

Jason

Jason peers through the glass, realises what has transpired and belts Freddy against the wall with one hefty sweep of his hand. Ash goes to speak, and Jason throws a single punch to the fool's face... The three stand, and stand-off, the battle having been declared.

The stand-off, titan against titan against chin. Boomstick, chainsaw, finger knives and machete at the ready. Jason advances, grips Krueger by his spindly shoulders and throws him against the wall. He pulls his machete, sweeps an incision into Krueger's soul food stomach. The behemoth rounds on Freddy again, twisting the blade in his hand. Furious at the Chinly One's pig-headed refusal to face reality.

Freddy

'Ahh is that the best our little soldier has got? Shame!' Freddy responds wiping a finger across his wound and healing it instantly. 'Let's dance!' Freddy encircles the deadite, his finger knives clicking and splaying. 'Ugly f***er aren't you?' Freddy makes to advance and as he does sneakily extends an arm and sweeps Ash across the room. As the chinly one flies Freddy grasps his ankle and swings him into Jason, 'TIMBERRRR!' He cries as the great lug falls in an earth-shattering heap. He swings Ash again and releases, hurtling him into the wall.

Ash

Rebounding off the wall, the aging, yet Groovy one, rises to his feet. 
'Okay Bub, I may have miss judged you Edward Scissorhands but no one, I mean no one talks to my Goliath Golem Jason like that!' Ash Rushes towards the Dream Demon. Thoughts of their current location lost in the heat of impending escalation. His chainsaw ready! With an overhead flurry, Ash attempts to deposit the revving mechanism in Freddy's skull. However, the Krueger catches it within his own maniacal claws. The groovy one attempts to force his superior, if not, heftier weight down on his target, with Freddy resisting! 

'Well, burnt avocado man, seems we are at an impasse, what say we-' Ash's proposal is cut short as he delivers a swift knee upwards into Freddy's breadbasket! Followed by a pivot of the chainsaw and arm removal! 

Freddy

Freddy laughs under his breath, his eyes shine with the glow of sneak, 'Hah!' He quips as his arms instantly grow back. The arms reach optimum length only the growth does not end, it accelerates. His arms lengthen, twist and stretch, creating a maze of red and green creepiness.

Jason

Jason leaps up, machete raised, and slices through the elongated limbs, hacking again and again. Each time the parts crawl back together, not necessarily in the correct order. Dishevelled and asymmetrical, the limbs wander about, meandering, haunting...   

Freddy

A nightmarish wrench. Elastic, anaconda. Heads form where the hands should be, snakeheads. They lock about Ash's throat hissing and snarling. Freddy's serpentine limbs squeeze and strangle, growing evermore with each of Jason's dismemberments.

Ash

Ash is barely able to breath as the serpentine appendage of Krueger continues constricting the Chosen One’s body. Its snake-like heads holding fast to Ash's throat. Struggling for even a single breath of the hellscape’s air, The Chinly One relaxes his struggle. His body becoming limp and servile against Freddie's assault. Slowly, with deliberation, one of the serpent’s heads hovers over Ash's. It's intent clear, steadily spreading its jaws. Its mandible dislocating, gaping, as it begins to swallow the Groovy one. Steady at first, growing in pace.

Freddy

Freddy's arms and body extend, snakes and limbs. A nest of vipers or anacondas. Ash lumbers down the digestive tract, enzymes nibbling away at him.

Jason

Jason raises his machete and rapidly severs head after head. Each arm struggles about searching blindly for its eyes. The Slasher then sweeps the machete downward ripping the snake's belly open. His giant hand reaches in and pulls Ash from the pit of Freddy's shelter.

He pulls the disorientated Chosen One to his feet and yanks at the chainsaw setting the blade in motion... Jason sighs, knowing he's perpetually stuck with his strange slayer, he nods towards the writhing, reforming Freddy...

Ash

Gaining his wits once more Ash reprimands his giant and overtly aggressive associate,
'Thanks for spoiling my plan, it was an infiltration operation!' Ash chides Voorhees. ' Now, let's get down to business without punching me in the face!' Ash and Jason turn towards Krueger, setting mind to task. The dynamic, albeit mismatched pair approach their target with purpose. Machete and chainsaw working in glorious union once more. Symphonic and graceful in in its exacting brutality. Limb after limb, serpent after serpent, Krueger is dismembered in a hail of his own entrails. 'Wooooooo!'

Freddy

The body parts clunk back into formation, of sorts. He hobbles to his feet, 
'I got what I came for, so I'll leave you and your gollum to find your own way out. Bye for now BIT*HES!' In an instant Freddy is gone... Leaving a disgruntled Jason with his annoying comrade.

Part Twelve

Wandering the desolate path between life and death, with death the foremost desire in his mind, Horace Pinker turns down the offer of prayers from his attending priest. Spits in the face of piety and laughs in the face of death. Evil cannot die. It is doomed to walk the boundaries of life and death. Pinker has been seen. Human, yes, but do much more. Bathing in the afterglow of the Further, I watch from the darkest recesses of Pinker's mind, ever chained between realms. An inhuman human. 

He senses me, knows that death will not provide the finality his executioners hope for. The long walk, displayed before inmates sombrely awaiting their turn, head held high. No fear, just an overwhelming sense of anticipation and desire. They fear him, guards, witnesses, and executioner alike. He can stare all in the eye. Absorb all and slice it into strips before pouring its excrement out with every last breath. 

The seat is prepared, he sees through the blind, impenetrable glass. Smirks at those who loathe him. No remorse, no pity. This is my kind of killer. He is seated and secured, covering refused. Leering cruelly at the grimacing spectatorship. The switch is flicked, and electricity pulses through his body like lightening. He relishes it. The switch is flicked again. A gruesome spectacle, but death does not come with ease. I make my offer so that only Pinker can hear it. And he accepts, willing to sacrifice all for the chance to kill again. The switch is thrown, and the pounding sparks engulf his soul. We are one. We are Shelter. 

**** 
'The Granny sees all,' a voice from the mountain cries wordlessly. She sees with my eyes. Blind, yet she sees with better eyes than you!' The voice morphs into the Granny's cackle, 'you fear me Krueger!' I snarl at the apparition within, 
'But you fear me more, bit*h!'

Part Thirteen

The Granny waits, high in the Appalachians. Her visitor arrives, as expected. Dr Harding is shown inside, a woman of little faith in anything but science. 
‘Are you the granny?’ She asks the blind woman. 
‘That I am.’ 
‘I have been told that you can explain the presence of several souls in one body, I have come across a case and..’ 
‘And your science accounts for none of it, you think what I tell you will help you make sense of things. Only you can do that child, only you can have faith. My grandmother’s mother, she came from Kurashiki, an old village; rural, remote. 

‘My grandmother had a twin sister, and times were hard back then. Grandmother’s mother had a gift, sucking out the souls. Took them right out of the body and blew them into jars. That’s how she healed the sick, treated them when they couldn’t feel it. There’s more sickness than the body, there’s sickness that crosses to the other side; vengeance, anger, hate. All grudges, all Ju-On. Even fear. Those lost souls clung to life, held onto the living. Took their bodies. Grandmother’s mother removed the Yurei from the living, but those bad souls couldn’t be trapped. 

‘They needed a vessel, a shelter, and so she blew them into my great aunt. There they lived, taking turns in the light. What you have in your institution that’s a shelter. A being made to house the souls of the unfaithful. He’s of the granny’s making. You can’t help him, but you can use him. There’s another, a demon, using the lore of yurei to turn himself into a legion, for he is many. But you already know this child, you’re already having the dreams, and so is your shelter, David!’

Part Fourteen

‘Dr Harding I presume?’ The graduate student extends a hand to her guest, ‘Professor Wexler said you were to be expected. I understand that you want some information on folklore. A strange stance for a psychologist, but not unheard of. Take a seat.’

Cara Harding sits at Helen Lyle’s desk. 
‘It must seem very strange,’ Cara notes, ‘but a great many things seem strange recently. My perception has certainly been challenged. My visit was prompted by what appeared to be a patient with a dissociative personality disorder, let’s call him ‘David.’ David seemed, at first, to exhibit the usual symptoms and traits only on closer observation each personality he exhibited also presented with different physical attributes from bone conditions to colour blindness. I eliminated all that was probable, so began to seek out the improbable. My investigations led to the discovery that all of the personalities evolved from real people who had suddenly died. David, the personality that I wrongly assumed was the host, his mother recognised him. He knew things... She sent me to the hill folk, to see an elderly medicine woman, the Granny. 

‘I saw the unbelievable... A soul removed from and returned to its body. The granny told me about yurei and shelter. I contacted my university’s anthropology department, and they in turn sent me to Professor Wexler who directed me to you. Helen leans forwards placing her chin on her thumbs, 
‘Professor Wexler is a skeptical man. I am less cynical. The Yūrei are ghosts. Yū meaning faint and rei meaning soul. They are deemed restless floating embodiments of the sprit. Sometimes the soul has not the faith to move on. It is trapped and displaced. Shelter the faithless, house the lost souls eternally. 

‘David is one of the souls locked in the shelter, but as you said the granny already told you this, so what more can I offer?’ Cara takes a deep breath, 
‘All of David’s alters or souls are having a recurring nightmare. They speak of another shelter, a demon. All describe him the same; he wears a hat and a dirty green and red sweater, he’s horribly burned and has knives for fingers.’

Part Fifteen

In between life and death, dreams and reality, I exist. So much more than a demon, taking on the shelter’s form. Using my ability to absorb souls and grow from their nourishment, I realise the potential. Direct my energy to those that harness ethereal skills; the ghosts and demons of the afterlife and further, but there is one mortal under the care of Dr Harding who has perfected the skill of sheltering. A vessel unlike any other. I haunt his dreams, but as one soul replaces another in thought, deed and dream I finds that even my sorcery is unable to penetrate deep enough to force the vessel into releasing its powers and souls unto me. 

But there is a way, one who grant his desire. A carefully worded spell in the form of a wish would upend the natural order, defy even the most formidable essence of metaphysical lore, and cast the entirety of the vessel into the dream demon’s shelter. A ruby, a treasure, holds the key. It was bestowed upon the demon by a suitor who did not see beyond the mortal skin that she wore. A ruby for a Ruby. She slit his throat and used his blood to communicate with the other side, her home, her origins. 

In her trance like state, I saw my advantage, merged my mind with hers and offered passageway to Pinhead’s Labyrinth, access to her lover Baal, in exchange for the ruby. After struggling for centuries to be reunited with him she readily accepts. 

I rub the ruby and wait unhindered and undaunted as the creature is born from its own release, then the words that I longs to hear fall from the Djinn’s overzealous mouth, 
‘Make your three wish-es demon!’

Part Sixteen

‘Three wishes?’ I retort with an air of smug arrogance. 
‘And demon...’ the Djinn warns, ‘do not seek to challenge me, I am... eternal!’ ‘Eternal? As in forever?’ I gasp sarcastically, ‘would I ever challenge an eternal Jack in the box?’ Before the Djinn can reply, I bark, ‘wish one!’ My bladed forefinger held high, ‘the earthly shelter is to surrender and form part of my own shelter, join the legion!’ I wag my finger, ‘no tricks if you expect me to make two more wish-es,’ he notes my mocking tone, but says nothing.

‘As you wish demon.’ A maelstrom sweeps about them, circles my eager form, and I stretch back with his jaws agape willing to accept the many souls. The wind sweeps into a cyclone and drives down my throat with only the power a demon can handle. For a time, I am still, then my torso shoots upright.
‘For my second wish Djinn, I wish that you can, in no way manipulate my final wish beyond its intention.’ The Djinn let’s out a deep growl, infuriated by this command, but obliged to acquiesce. 
‘It is done!’ He states, his face twisted with unbridled anger. 

‘And,’ I laugh, ‘for my final wish. Hmmm, what shall it be?’ I click my fingers back and forth to taunt the twitching beast, ‘for my final wish, you too shall eternally surrender and dwell in my shelter!’ The Djinn releases a pained cry as the force of his own bonds trap him. His body shrinks and heaves, the ruby glints and welcomes his soul. A return to his personal prison. As the last of his essence returns to the jewel, I toss it in the air and swallows it whole, ‘I love a just dessert!’

Part Seventeen

The sheltering has come full cycle, it is complete. Their souls held within my body; their combined strength so much greater than the sum of its many parts. New abilities abound. New horizons traversed. Beyond the wildest dream exists greater possibilities; imprinting pain on media, calling upon the darkness, surviving death, passage into the deepest crevices and the craft of twisting wishes. Each soul suffers its own turmoil under my reign.

Mortal and immortal alike, all become one, so much more than a dream demon. Their voices whisper within, an amalgamation of understanding sweeps through my soul, ambition achieved. Such is the path of the sheltering, souls of the faithless bound together, a refuge or a prison? They see through my eyes, but that is merely an amusement, subjugation of the tortured masses. The suffering of one triggers the cries of many. Cries of pleasure and pain. 

A united rush of suffrage. Such delights lay beyond, such possibilities. I take charge, suppress the calls of the sheltered, sweeps them into the recesses of my being. There I can tune into them as required. The sought skills rest captive within.

Lost, drowning souls looking out through my eyes, but unable to gain control, unable to climb beyond the sunken place.
‘Time to move on!’ My words chill the embers inside, a mirror calls, and a new path beckons.

Fin


Horrotica Publishing © and Immortalis © 2022 in association with the additional imprints; Legacy Tales © with Legacy Comics © Legacy Noir © Legacy SciFi © and other imprints of Legacy Tales © 2022.
