










LIE WITH ME
Sequel Short Story to 
The Vampire and The Man-Eater
G.A.HAUSER




LIE WITH ME
Copyright © G.A. Hauser, 2013
Cover design by Adrienne Wilder
Cover photographer: Dennis Dean
ISBN: GAARe0001000
© The G.A. Hauser Collection LLC

This is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or business establishments, events or locales is coincidental.

All Rights Are Reserved. No part of this may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.

WARNING
This book contains material that maybe offensive to some: graphic language, homosexual relations, adult situations. Please store your books carefully where they cannot be accessed by underage readers.

First The G.A. Hauser Collection LLC publication:
October 31, 2013




ABOUT THE E-BOOK YOU HAVE PURCHASED: PLEASE READ-
 
Your non-refundable purchase of this e-book allows you to only ONE LEGAL copy for your own personal reading on your own personal computer or device. You do not have resell or distribution rights without the prior written
permission of both the publisher and the copyright owner of this book. This book cannot be copied in any format, sold, or otherwise transferred from your computer to another through upload to a file sharing peer to peer program, for free or for a fee, or as a prize in any contest. Such action is illegal and in violation of the U.S. Copyright Law. Distribution of this e-book, in whole or in part, online, offline, in print or in any way or any other method currently known or yet to be invented, is forbidden. If you do not want this book anymore, you must delete it from your computer.

WARNING:
“The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal. Criminal copyright infringement, including infringement without monetary gain, is investigated by the FBI and is punishable by up to 5 years in federal prison and a fine of $250,000."  

About the photographer:


 Dennis Dean Images
 
Dennis Dean continues to make his mark as an internationally known photographer. He is credited for his creative abilities, strong composition, and dramatic lighting. Dennis’s work has earned numerous awards and has been featured in several gay magazines and in a plethora of art publications, including G. A. Hauser erotic novels, as well as countless exhibitions, including two in London at the Adonis Art Gallery.  

Also, look for his work of eye-catching images with the apparel brand, Ruff Riders www.theruffrider.com.  

Dennis is proud to be partnering with Royal Palms Resort & Spa in Fort Lauderdale, Florida showcasing his work in all the rooms, bar and grill, the spa and fitness center. 
www.royalpalms.com.

See more of his work at www.dennisdean.com.

About the cover designer:
Adrienne Wilder
Writing has been my dream for as long as I can remember. I wrote my first "book" at the age of five using a crayon and construction paper, and received my first rejection letter at the age of fourteen for a short story about a rainbow iguana. For years the books I wrote stayed in a notebook hidden in a drawer or on my computer never to be read by anyone but me.
I am socially awkward and hyper-creative.  Born a girl, I was always a boy. Growing up, a lot of people tried to change me.
Except for my mother. She might have never understood but she loved completely and unconditionally.
That alone makes me one of the luckiest people in the world.

Currently I live near the North Georgia Mountains and spend most of my time documenting the life of the people in my head.

Hopefully you find as much joy learning about them as I do.
Author’s website; Adriennewilder.com
E-mail; CityofDragons@Windstream.net
 
Chapter 1

Thirty year old stockbroker, Brock Hart stood in front of the mirror in the walk-in closet of his five-room, Manhattan penthouse home on 52nd Street. He adjusted his necktie and caught sight of his blue eyes in the reflection. Warmth pressed against his back. He smiled and knew his lover, Daniel Wolf was showing him affection, pushing his cock against Brock’s ass. He was about to comment about Daniel making him late for work, when he realized he couldn’t see Daniel’s reflection in the mirror.
Brock spun around and ended up in Daniel’s embrace, gazing at Daniel’s bright hazel eyes and his loving smile.
Confused, Brock turned to look in the mirror again. “No.”
“No?” Daniel tilted his head. “I thought you liked when I touched you.”
“No, Dan. Where’s your image in the mirror?” Brock backed up. 
Daniel looked at himself. He blinked in surprise. “Where did I go?”
“Oh no…” Brock grabbed Daniel’s jaw and pushed his upper lip higher to expose his teeth.
“What are you doing?” Daniel moved away and slapped Brock’s hand aside.
“Let me see your teeth!” 
Daniel snarled at Brock.
So far, Daniel’s canines appeared normal. “You know what you were when we first met.”
“Of course. I told you what I was.” Daniel stood before the mirror again and touched his face and hair, as if he too were surprised there was no reflection.
“I’m going to be late.” Brock shivered at the thought of Daniel no longer being human and reverting back to being a vampire.
He left the closet, and bedroom, headed to his open-plan stainless steel kitchen. He poured a cup of espresso and sipped it standing near the island counter.
Daniel, wearing black slacks and a black cotton shirt stood beside him, pouring himself a cup as well.
“Thank fuck its Friday.” Brock checked his watch and tried to drink the coffee quickly.
“The way you make arrangements for us, we have no time this weekend to do anything but rush around.” Daniel sipped the coffee.
Brock was about to comment on their coming plans when Daniel’s eyes widened, he blinked and sprayed the coffee all over the counter.
“It’s hot! Be careful!” Brock said.
Daniel appeared stunned. “It won’t go down.” He rubbed his throat.
“Oh, fuck. Come on. Really?” Brock shook his head. “Are you just doing this because it’s Halloween?”
Daniel tried to take another sip and rushed to the sink, spitting it out. “This is not good.”
“I don’t have time for this, Dan.” Brock looked at his watch again. “Christ, I’m late.” He set his cup in the sink, pecked Daniel on the lips, and grabbed his briefcase. “Go back to bed!” Brock shouted as he opened the door to leave. “And plan the Halloween costumes! No vampires!”
Standing in the hall, Brock poked the elevator call button as if pushing it relentlessly would speed it up. Daniel had made an offer to Brock to stop working for Wall Street. Daniel wanted them to travel and enjoy life. It sounded good in theory but Brock wondered if he would go crazy after they had visited all of the major cities of the world. He would most likely want to get back to work, to his office and his clients. But…sleeping in? No longer being a slave to the work week? It had its perks.
As he finally rode the elevator down to the lobby, Brock blinked his eyes in surprise as it began to sink in. He said to himself, “Dan can’t see his reflection in the mirror?”
The elevator door opened and Brock yelled, “Oh, fuck!” and rushed to get to work.
~
Daniel panicked.
He raced around the large penthouse looking at himself in every mirror. “No! No!”
Panting and out of breath, Daniel sat on the foot of his and Brock’s bed and tried to think.
Yes, he had become a vampire in 1560 when he was in his early twenties.
Yes, he fell in love with Brock Hart, a modern day ‘man-eater’. A man who prowled the gay clubs and had his cock sucked so many times, Daniel wondered if the number of blowjobs Brock received competed with the number of necks he had bitten.
But…
He had become human. Hadn’t he?
Daniel ran his hand through his shoulder length dark hair and tried to think. For a few months he had been able to eat, to walk in the sun, and even to ejaculate and climax the ‘human’ way.
The vampire who made him? Blake Lowe? After finding out he too had changed into a mortal -and died- Daniel had visited his grave. Hadn’t he? He began to question his sanity.
Daniel stood at to the bedroom window, peering out at the sunlight. He flinched and covered his eyes. “No!” He backed up. “Love conquers all!” he yelled, “Love conquers all! I was human!”
Daniel touched his chest and wondered if being human was some strange dream. No. Brock and I, we traveled. We visited wonderful places. In the sun! I ate! I tasted food again! Paella in Spain, meze in Greece!
He raced to the closet and threw items aside to find their digital camera. He turned it on and scrolled through the pictures. “There. I am there.” 
He and Brock sipping drinks in Gran Canaria. The two of them clowning around on a nude gay beach in the Keys.
He had photos. He had proof.
Daniel looked at the skin of his hands. He was pale.
“This has to be wrong.” Daniel again headed to the bathroom mirror. The agony of not seeing his youthful face was killing him. He used his tongue to touch his teeth and felt the sharpness of his fangs.
He looked up at the ceiling and screamed at the top of his lungs, “NO!”
~
Brock set his briefcase down on his desk as his new secretary Bob Blanchet brought him a cup of coffee. His previous secretary tried to ‘convert the gay’ out of Brock, so he managed to pawn her off on someone else without any consequences.
“Here ya go, Brock.” Bob placed the cup on a ceramic coaster.
“Thanks, Bob.” Brock sat in his leather swivel chair, a view of the Manhattan skyline out of his window, and turned on his computer. High on the wall of his office, Brock had monitors installed so he could see the international markets as he worked.
“Mr Tripp has asked me to let him know when you arrive,” Bob said, giving Brock an amused smile.
“Adrian, Adrian.” Brock laughed as he thought of the handsome millionaire who worked in an office nearby. “Tell him I’m here.”
Bob chuckled and left the office. 
The computer up and ready, Brock began working, plugging his phone into his ear so he could type and talk at the same time. He was about to make a call when the tall, sleek, immaculately dressed Adrian Tripp entered his office.
“Mr Tripp.” Brock smiled and kept tapping computer keys. “How is Brian?”
“Mr Buck is just fine. How is Daniel?” Adrian closed the door behind him, giving them privacy.
“Mr Wolf is perfect in every way.” Brock paused in his typing and glanced at Adrian. He was in his thirties, strikingly handsome and before Daniel had come into Brock’s life, Adrian and he were blowjob buddies.
Adrian stepped behind Brock and massaged his shoulders through his suit jacket. 
“So?” Brock knew Adrian continued to be attracted to him and had no doubt he and Brian had an ‘open’ relationship. “Has Brian’s brother’s partner Tyler begun planning your wedding?”
“Tyler Holiday no longer does that. You know that. He’s a model with Clair Epstein’s agency.”
As Adrian caressed Brock’s neck and hair, Brock got a good inhale of Adrian’s enticing cologne. “Behave.”
“I have been. Since you and Daniel have forced me to.”
Brock nudged Adrian away playfully. “You’re giving me a hard-on and I have to work.”
That only seemed to encourage Adrian. “So,” he said as he caressed Brock’s hair, sending chills up Brock’s spine. “Halloween party at the club?”
“That’s the plan. Eli is bringing his new boyfriend.” Brock split his attention, typing as he talked.
“Poor Eli.” Adrian made a noise with his tongue in sympathy. “The only man who wants to be married and he can’t seem to find Mr Right.”
“His desperation is like an invisible force field.” Brock tapped keys and looked up at Adrian. “You’re still here?” he teased.
“I have some friends coming in from LA.” Adrian sat on the corner of Brock’s desk.
“L.A.” Brock snorted in disdain. “Pretentious assholes?”
“Probably.” Adrian moved so his leg was against Brock’s.
Brock glanced at their contact and said, “You make it impossible for me to work.”
“That’s the goal.”
Brock let out a breath and met Adrian’s intelligent gaze. “Just because you’re rich enough to not care about your clients, doesn’t mean I am.”
“You told me Daniel has enough money to retire on. And the man’s only twenty…what? One?”
Brock choked on his thought. Daniel was four-hundred-and fifty-three. But that information wouldn’t go over well. So he said, “Twenty-five.” In reality, even Daniel didn’t know his actual birth date. He claimed he was an orphan and they didn’t keep records back then in Cambridge, England, where supposedly Daniel was a choirboy in King’s College Chapel.
“Twenty-whatever.” Adrian flipped his hand in distaste. “You need an older man.”
Brock laughed. He could never find a man older than Daniel. At least not a human one. “Call your boyfriend if you’re horny,” Brock said, trying to work, glancing at the monitors for the updates. “Suck his dick.”
“Boring!” Adrian stood from the desk and made his way slowly to the door. “You do realize monotony…I mean, monogamy sucks.”
“Does Brian know that?” Brock shook his head at Adrian.
“I don’t ask him, he doesn’t ask me.” Adrian glanced at his manicured nails.
“You’re a putz, you know that?” Brock laughed. “Get out of here. Or better yet, move to LA. They love your kind there.”
“True.” Adrian opened the door. He peered out. “Has Bob sucked your dick?”
“No!” Brock narrowed his gaze at Adrian. “Shoo! Leave!”
“I won’t give up.”
“Whatever.” Brock knew how persistent Adrian could be.
“Can’t wait to see you in costume.” Adrian lingered by Brock’s open door. “What will you be?”
“It’s a secret. Now go.”
“Catch you for lunch.”
Brock nodded and waved. Once Adrian left, Brock hit the phones, trading for his clients, losing himself in a job he loved.
~
Daniel paced the large penthouse, his fingers laced behind his back. He was confused. Going crazy.
And worse yet. He was hungry.
He opened the refrigerator. The smell of the food made him wince. He shut the door and balled his fists. He knew this craving. It wasn’t for Chinese food.
“How! Why?” He leaned against the kitchen counter and rubbed his eyes, feeling the human urge to cry.
Calming down, he said out loud, “Okay. It was temporary.” He tapped his fingers on the counter. “Right? A few months?” He shook his head. “No. Can’t be.”
He walked into the living room, avoiding the slatted sunlight as it filtered into the room. The leather sofa set, the designer tables, and the abstract paintings on the walls… he made circles around the room, going out of his mind.
“I was human.” He stopped pacing. “I was. It was impossible to be human. But I had been.” He looked at his hands. He was growing very pale and his hunger great. 
“Why!” he screamed at the walls. “I was happy! Why!”
He picked up his mobile phone and was about to call Brock. What would he say? Brock had already seen…or did not see…his reflection.
Daniel set the phone down. Unlike Brock, Daniel did not have a host of human companions to call to come to his aid. 
Returning to the bedroom, Daniel sat on the bed and rocked manically, to and fro, as his hunger began to get impossible to contain. But, it was daylight. He couldn’t go out.
Again he went into the bathroom, turned on the light and tried to wave at the mirror. Nothing.
There was nothing he could do but wait for night. And in October, that meant around four or five. Daniel crawled under the cotton quilt and curled in a ball, trying to tolerate the growing desire…for blood and avoid sunlight.
~
Brock usually ate his lunch at his desk, but Adrian was particularly persistent today, so Brock told Bob, “Be back in an hour. If there’s an emergency, call me.” He held up his cell phone.
“Got it.” Bob smiled as he tapped the keys on his computer.
Adrian held Brock by his elbow and dragged him out of the office to the elevator. “You’re a workaholic,” Adrian said as he pushed the call button.
“I like my job.” Brock buttoned his suit jacket, tucking in his tie. “What’s so special about today that you want to go out to lunch?”
“I never have you to myself anymore.” Adrian raised an eyebrow at Brock as they entered the elevator.
Brock laughed, flattered, and stood in the back of the elevator as several people boarded on their way down.
October in New York City, blustery and cool, leaves and dust spun in circles between the skyscrapers. Loud noise of horns honking, diesel trucks roaring, and a sea of yellow cabs creating a racket on the street beside them, Brock tilted his head against the wind and lowered his eyelashes so he didn’t get anything blown into his eyes. He held his jacket and tie down, and said, “This is why I like to eat at my desk.”
“Shut up. Daniel has turned you into a soft bottom who whines.” Adrian tugged Brock again by the arm, into a delicatessen, located on the bottom floor of one of the office buildings. Inside the deli was nearly as noisy as outside, as a line formed at the counter and the lunch crowd was out in mass.
“I could have ordered food delivered.” Brock looked up at the sandwich menu.
Adrian gave him a look of exasperation. “Who are you? I used to know this guy named Brock Hart who was so tough and dominant he chewed through walls.”
Brock laughed and shook his head. “Yeah. That was me. Daniel domesticated me.”
“Yeck!” Adrian caught the attention of the man behind the counter and yelled in the din, “Corn beef on rye!” He looked at Brock. “What are you having?”
“Just the turkey club.” When Brock reached to remove his wallet, Adrian slapped his hand, indicating he would pay.
Brock put his wallet away and leaned over the counter as the man behind it kept asking him questions, ‘mayo or mustard, what kind of side dish?’
Once they had their food, Adrian nodded to a tiny table in the corner where two people were finishing up and about to leave. As they waited, Brock checked his watch, thinking about the work he usually did during his lunch break. 
Adrian gave the table a look of disdain and shouted to the man behind the counter, “You have someone to wipe this table?”
“Adrian,” Brock said, “I will.” He went to set his food down and grab a napkin when Adrian stopped him. 
Adrian sneered, “You’re not the hired help.”
“And I’m not helpless. They’re busy!”
A young man rushed over and wiped down the table quickly, taking the remaining trash and then hurried off.
Adrian sat down, placing his plate and drink in front of him and tapped a straw on the table to remove the paper wrapper.
Brock peered at him. “You’ll always be a snob.”
Adrian waved him off dismissively. 
“Talk to me about Brian.” Brock picked up half his sandwich, which was so packed with turkey it was absurd, and tried to bite it.
“What’s there to talk about?” Adrian shrugged and took a bite of his dill pickle.
“I don’t know. You’re the one who wanted to come out to lunch, not me. I thought maybe you had some venting to do.” Brock wiped his mouth with a paper napkin.
“Hell no.” Adrian gave him an expression as if Brock was being ridiculous. “I don’t vent. If I didn’t want to see Brian, I wouldn’t.” He picked up the top slice of bread on his sandwich and took a look under it, putting it back on. “No, I wanted to tell you about one of my friends coming in from LA.”
“Oh.” Brock chewed a big mouthful of food, then said, “Who cares?”
“And you call me a snob.” Adrian raised one eyebrow.
“Okay. Tell me all about your wonderful friends from LA,” Brock replied sarcastically.
“Oh, honey, you say that now, but wait until you meet them.” Adrian began eating his sandwich.
“Okay.” Brock shrugged.
“Lionel Valley…or should I say, ‘Lion’…” Adrian made a face of ecstasy. 
“Lion.” Brock laughed.
“He’s a professional Dom. Big mother. Six-three- hot as hell.”
“Not my style. I like ‘em pretty.”
“Yes. I know.” Adrian rolled his eyes. “Pretty teenagers.”
“Daniel? A teenager?” The thought was so funny, Brock nearly choked on his mouthful of food.
“Twenty- whatever,” Adrian replied, waving Brock off again. “Lion used to work with another Dom. A guy named Colt. I’m still waiting to find out if Colt is coming.”
“A lion and a colt? What are you inviting? A farm?”
“You should talk! You’re dating Mr Wolf!”
“True.” Brock blushed and as a thought, checked his phone. 
Adrian appeared jealous. “What does he do all day? Watch soap operas?”
“Ha. Ha.” Brock used his thumb to text Daniel ‘hello’. He pocketed his phone and kept eating. “I won’t even make a dent in this. I’ll box it up for dinner.”
“I know. I love this place. It’s so over the top.” Adrian sipped his drink through a straw. “What are you and Daniel dressing as? Come on. Tell me.”
“What are you and Brian going to be?” Brock asked, since he hadn’t a clue what he and Daniel were wearing to the Halloween party.
“Brian wants us to be cowboys. I mean, really?” Adrian made a face. “How cliché.”
“Cowboys are hot. If you don’t, I’ll mention it to Daniel.”
“It’s all yours.” Adrian glanced around the loud deli. “The line is out the door.”
“Well. The food is good.” Brock was already full and hadn’t even eaten one half of the sandwich. “So, are these LA guys staying with you?”
“I offered but they turned me down. I think they like the idea of luxury hotel accommodations and room service.”
“And you couldn’t do that?” Brock gave Adrian a mocking gape of surprise.
“I could! I told them that.” Adrian took a taste of his potato salad and then he too seemed to give up on eating all the food. “They like their privacy. What can I say?” He waved at the busboy. “Two boxes? You don’t expect people to actually eat all this, do you?”
The young man smiled. “Nope. No one ever does.” He headed behind the counter and returned with two white boxes.
“Thanks,” Brock said and began filling it. “Well, this is dinner for both Dan and me.”
“Do either of you cook?” Adrian filled his carton as well.
“No.” Brock smiled sadly. “Not well.”
“Brian does. Not me.” Adrian finished scraping the last of his food into the carton.
Brock checked his watch. “I need to be at my desk.”
Adrian stood, shaking his head. “Workaholic.”
“Guilty.” Brock held the box and looked at his phone, wondering why Daniel didn’t text back. He thought about Daniel’s lack of a reflection in the mirror this morning, but then he had become so immersed in work he didn’t worry about it. As he and Adrian made their way back to their office building, Brock called home. The answering machine picked up. He called Daniel’s mobile phone. It too went to voicemail.
“You okay?” Adrian held open the lobby door for Brock as Brock struggled to use his phone and hold the food at the same time.
“I think so.” Brock wasn’t about to tell Adrian his lover had been a vampire and…well…may still be one.
Adrian poked the elevator button. “Well, if things go wrong at home, you always have me.”
Brock smiled. “I do. I always have you.” 
They laughed as they entered the elevator.
Brock tried not to be concerned. Daniel wasn’t into gadgets, and most likely went out, leaving his phone behind.
Chapter 2

Daniel wore his black coat, gloves, and a white scarf. The fall evening was beginning to feel cold, and he was in agony.
He left the area of his and Brock’s home on West 52nd Street, and trotted down the subway station stairs. His tongue kept being drawn to his teeth, touching the tips. It was as if an old familiar friend was back. Whether Daniel wanted it or not.
He’d been hunting for blood for nearly four centuries, and although the world had changed, the fate of certain people never did.
Daniel avoided the gazes of admirers, mostly women, whose overt smiles were full of invitation. The men were more discreet. He wasn’t prowling the gay section of Manhattan so most men did nothing more than glance his way. 
The scent of urine and soot was strong as a train pulled into the station. Daniel backed up, staring at the graffiti on the cars, bold tags which meant nothing to him. Gangs marking their turf? He didn’t care much for current affairs or crime trends. Previously, he had been immune. So many changes in political power had occurred over his lifetime, yet people seemed to go on living their lives just the same.
A man was sitting on the filthy floor, hand out, dressed in rags. Daniel’s craving became unmanageable. The commuters entered the packed train, leaving the platform empty for a moment. Daniel quickly approached the transient. 
“Spare change?” the old man asked.
Daniel took out his wallet and removed cash. “You look cold.” Daniel glanced around quickly and knew he had mere seconds before another load of commuters materialized for the next subway. He removed his scarf and crouched down, looping it around the man’s neck.
The man at first seemed confused, then he met Daniel’s eyes.
Daniel gripped the man’s jacket collar and dug his teeth into his neck. A soft sound came from the man’s lips and Daniel drank his fill and groaned as the blood ran down his throat. He heard high heels making clipping noises on the steps down to the platform.
Daniel stood, sliding his scarf off the dead man and quickly left, passing a young woman who was rushing to catch the next train.
Daniel avoided her stare and wiped his mouth, seeing blood on his hand. He used a tissue from his pocket to clean up and emerged from the underground, warm and feeling much better.
~
“Dan?” Brock entered the penthouse and looked around, setting the leftover food on the kitchen counter. “Dan?” He walked to the bedroom and noticed it was empty and Daniel’s phone was on the nightstand. He gave the room a closer inspection, seeing the bed unmade and wondering where his man could be. Daniel was usually at home, waiting for Brock with a glass of red wine or a cocktail.
The phone rang and Brock raced for it. “Hello?”
“Brock?”
“Oh. Hi, Eli.” Brock sat on the bed and loosened his neck tie.
“Hey. Did I catch you at a bad time?”
“No. Not really. Just that Dan isn’t home and he left his mobile phone behind.” Brock slid his tie off, knowing only Eli was aware Daniel had once been a vampire. Telling anyone else was not only absurd, it was an invasion of Daniel’s privacy. And well…absurd!
“Did you guys fight?”
“Nope.” Brock wanted to change the topic. “So, what’s up?”
“About this party tomorrow night. Are costumes mandatory?”
“I think if you don’t come dressed up, there’s a really high cover fee.” Brock looked around the room, wondering if he was even interested in any kind of dressing up gig. He had left the days of haunting gay bars behind him when he and Daniel became a committed couple.
“Oh. Well, Marty and I are kind of stuck for an idea.”
“Us too. I have no clue what we’re going as, and leaving it up to Dan to decide was idiotic.” Brock rubbed his face and then took off his suit jacket, letting it drop on the bed. “I was thinking of just getting a couple of cowboy hats.”
“Ha! We were too! Christ, it’s the easiest. Blue jeans, boots and hats. Done.”
“I know. Right? I feel like I’m getting too old for this.”
A pause followed then Eli said, “Brock Hart? Too old for going out for a night of drinking at the club?”
“Maybe not the drinking, but the get-up? Groan!”
“Go as vampires.” Eli laughed.
A chill washed up Brock’s spine.
“I was joking, Brock,” Eli said when Brock did not reply.
“Yeah, uh, Eli…can you keep a secret?”
“Oh no.”
“Uh,” Brock stood as he spoke, looking at the door to the penthouse. “This morning, Dan couldn’t see his reflection in the mirror.”
“Uh! Don’t tell me! Brock! I don’t want to hear it. I mean it! Remember how sick he made you! I warned you. Stay away from him. He’d deadly!”
Brock was about to answer Eli when he felt someone behind him and spun around. Daniel was there, his normally hazel eyes gleaming bright traffic-signal green. Daniel did not appear happy.
“I have to go, Eli.” Brock shivered in fear.
“Okay. Well, if I don’t hear from you before, see you at the party.”
“Bye.” Brock disconnected the phone and stared at Daniel then the front door, which he did not hear open or close. “You’re a vampire again.”
“Brock…I…”
Brock backed up. “Please tell me no. Please.”
Daniel dropped his arms to his sides and frowned.
Brock tossed the phone on the bed and went to raise Daniel’s top lip to look at his teeth.
Daniel batted him away.
“Did you feed? Did you?” Brock’s skin covered in cold chills.
“You…” Daniel stuttered as if he were a bad boy who had come home from school after a scolding. “You…you weren’t here…I was…I was…hungry.”
“Did…” Brock backed up. “Did you kill someone?”
“Brock. Do not look at me like that.”
“Answer me!”
“No.” Daniel slipped his scarf from around his neck soundlessly. “I did not kill.”
“You feed only on me.” Brock pointed at him, not believing him. “Only me! You got that?” Brock began to shake, recalling how hard it was to get used to Daniel’s biting, but with that bite was a sexual climax that rivaled anything Brock had experienced.
“I could not go to your office.” Daniel removed his coat.
“You can, and you have. Many times.” Brock gave Daniel his back, running his hand through his hair as he thought about the implications. He turned towards Daniel and asked, “How do we get you human again?”
“I don’t know how we did it the first time.” Daniel’s eyes glistened. “I do not want to be a vampire. I don’t. You must believe me.”
“Fuck!” Brock balled his fists. “No more being outside in the daylight? No more dining out?”
“Baby…” Daniel reached for him.
“Where will you sleep? Huh? You can’t sleep here in the daylight.” Brock gestured to his bed. “So?” He was furious. “Back to you leaving? Huh? Leaving to sleep…wherever the hell you slept?”
Daniel threw his jacket, gloves, and scarf on the floor and walked out of the bedroom.
Brock was so upset he was about to scream. He heard things being broken in the living room and hurried in to see Daniel’s own fury, his breaking a vase and pushing books off of shelves.
“Stop. Danny, stop.”
Daniel fell to his knees and covered his face.
Brock approached him, crouching beside him. “Come here.” He held Daniel in his arms. “Okay. We’ll be okay.”
Daniel pushed Brock hard and Brock fell to his rump with a bounce.
“How will we be okay?” Daniel shouted, his eyes glowing. “How?”
Brock didn’t know. But he did know one thing, he could not lose Daniel.
~
Though he had his fill of blood, the craving became strong the moment Brock was near. Previously Daniel thought he had found answers. He had left the city and returned to the suburb where his ‘creator’ had lived. But Blake Lowe was gone.
One vampire was left lingering in the dark alleys, Jayden. But Jayden had given Daniel more questions than answers. 
Coming from out of his thoughts he stared at Brock Hart, the love of his life, coming apart at the seams. The agony in Brock was indeed like a mirror. Perhaps Daniel didn’t need to see himself. He could see enough sadness in his lover for the both of them.
As he cradled Brock into his arms, Daniel’s thirst for blood grew. He nestled into Brock’s neck and licked his salty skin. Before Brock could stop him, or even realize what Daniel was doing, Daniel sank his teeth into his lover’s neck.
The moment Brock’s hot blood ran over his tongue, a flood of images hit Daniel. From the first time he had seen this ‘man-eater’ in action at the club, to their first sexual contact, Daniel felt as if he were reliving the short history they had; a blink of an eye in a vampire’s life.
~
Brock began to swoon. He knew this sensation. It was a dizzying spinning that felt as if he had sparks hitting him; colors tickled his closed eyelids, purple, red, blue…
“Ahhh, Daniel!” The surge to his groin was what he remembered best. Yes, their non-vampire lovemaking was wonderful, ‘magical’ but when Daniel bit him? Brock’s climaxes were so intense they usually made him black out. Feeling Daniel’s grip tighten, hearing Daniel’s sucking, Brock knew if he allowed it, he would indeed be bled until he was unconscious.
But the pleasure! It was so wonderful Brock fought to stop it. As his cock pulsated in his slacks, and he came, making his briefs wet and sticky, Brock felt that wooziness and knew he had to stop Daniel. 
“No…Danny! Please…” He struggled to back up against so much power. It was as if he were battling a giant. “Daniel! Please!” he cried.
As if coming around from his own swoon, Daniel stopped draining Brock, both of them panting for air.
Brock touched his cut skin with his fingertips, feeling the blood dripping down his neck to his shirt collar. “Oh, God…no. Not this again…No…” Brock went limp in Daniel’s arms. The sense of bleeding, the sight of his own blood always made Brock sick and faint.
Daniel began crying, covering his face and weeping.
Brock lay on the floor, recuperating, trying to conceive that this bloodletting, which at one time he had thought was a simply a fetish, was back. With a vengeance.
Daniel rose up, fists clenched and roared in rage at the world.
The sight of Daniel’s fangs, the blood on his lips and his fury, made Brock sick to his stomach. He cupped his hand over the wound to stop the bleeding and curled in a ball on the floor, closing his eyes. Heartbroken. 
~
Daniel was so angry he wanted to tear at the walls of this beautiful penthouse. When he heard whimpers, he glanced down. On the throw rug on the hardwood floor was his lover, curled in the fetal position, shivering and pale.
“Baby…” Daniel covered his mouth as he looked at what he had done. He crouched down and picked Brock up, carrying him to the master bathroom. Sitting Brock down on the marble tile floor, Daniel removed Brock’s shirt and tended the cut, as Brock’s glazed stare looked at nothing.
Daniel remembered how much seeing his own blood bothered Brock. But of course, it would. Trying to be considerate, Daniel cleaned the wound and covered it with an adhesive strip. He sat with Brock on the floor until Brock recuperated enough to look at him. 
“Hate me, lover?” Daniel asked, a sense of detachment trying to find its way into what had been a true heart.
Brock tried to stand.
Daniel rose up and assisted him, walking out of the bathroom with him. Once he was on his feet, Brock shook out of Daniel’s grip and used the walls and doorway to make his way into the kitchen.
As Daniel observed, Brock poured a shot of whiskey and tossed it down his throat.
Brock sat on one of the high bar stools by the counter, just noticing a container of food near him. He immediately stood, removed a plate from the cupboard and put the food onto it. “Eat.”
Brock peered over his shoulder with a sneer. “Fuck you.”
“Don’t behave this way. You said I should take the blood only from you.”
Brock faced him and screamed, “You nearly drained me until I passed out!”
Daniel held up his hand in defense. “I got lost on you. I will have to learn control it.”
Brock poured more booze and moaned. “God, do I want to do this again?”
Daniel asked, “What we have…you can throw it away?”
After drinking the second shot of booze, Brock said sarcastically, “You try being someone’s blood source!”
Daniel sneered. “I was.”
“Well? How did you like it?” Brock appeared to endure a wave of dizziness and set the empty shot glass down and took a seat at the counter. Brock glanced at the crotch of his own slacks, and Daniel could see it was stained from his cum.
“I had no choice back then. I was a beaten mongrel,” Daniel replied.
“Do I have a choice?” Brock rested his elbows on the counter and leaned closer to Daniel.
“No.” Daniel sensed the hostility growing between them.
Brock gave Daniel a look of surprise. “Did you just say ‘no’?”
“Yes.”
Brock staggered to get to his feet, as if to get away from Daniel. Daniel grabbed him, like lightning, gripping his arm, drawing Brock closer so they were face to face. “You would desert me in my time of greatest need?”
Brock seemed to collapse on himself. “Danny…” he sniffled as he spoke, holding back his emotions. “You know how much I love you.”
Daniel wondered. He knew yesterday. He wasn’t so sure today.
“But…sometimes you take too much. And I have to work. To function.” Brock fell against Daniel, as if he were too weak to stand. “I’m really physically active.” He pressed his lips against Daniel’s neck and Daniel felt Brock’s sweat, his tears. “I play racquetball and swim with Eli at the club…we work out…”
“I know.” Daniel hugged him. “I will not drain you.”
“But you do. Inevitably, I get caught up in the sex, and you love the blood. My blood.”
Daniel closed his eyes. “I will seek it elsewhere.”
“No!” Brock stared at Daniel, tears rolling down Brock’s cheeks. “You can’t! You can’t hunt the streets of New York, kill people. No!”
“What do you think I did before I met you?” Daniel smiled sadly, brushing Brock’s tears away. “Ever since I was turned? Hmm?”
Brock tried to break free of Daniel’s embrace. Daniel felt him moving towards their bedroom. He allowed Brock to go.
Brock held the walls and managed to get in bed, dropping down on it, staring into space.
Daniel stood at the threshold of the room, looking in at the lavish furnishings, the chic minimalist décor and two walls of windows, all with views from thirty stories above street level. He would miss sleeping in those velvety sheets.
He crawled over the bedding and lie beside Brock, staring at him. 
Brock touched his crotch again and Daniel began opening his belt to help Brock remove his slacks and briefs.
Since Brock was weak, he allowed it. Daniel removed all of Brock’s clothing, seeing the amount of cum Brock had released into his undergarment. He dropped them over the side of the bed and cupped Brock’s cock.
Immediately Brock’s dick grew hard. 
“Dan,” Brock moaned, “No more blood.”
“No. Not tonight.” Daniel gave Brock’s cock a tug and then stripped so they were both naked. He drew Brock closer, making their legs overlap. Daniel could smell the alcohol on Brock as well as his sweat and cum. With loving caresses, Daniel consoled his lover, holding him, kissing him. 
He wished he knew why or how things had changed. Just when Daniel imagined one simple human life, it had vanished.
Hearing Brock’s deep breathing, Daniel realized he had indeed drained Brock, weakening him, and Brock had fallen asleep.
Daniel shifted, holding Brock in his arms and cuddling him, staring at the ceiling, thinking, forcing himself to come to a conclusion of some kind about how things happened, and why. But sadly, Daniel had no answers.
Chapter 3

Brock tried to open his eyes.
Morning light filtered into his bedroom through his window blinds. He rubbed his face and rough jaw, then looked around for Daniel. 
“Shit…” Brock closed his eyes and moaned. He knew. Daniel was gone. Gone where? Brock had no clue. But by twilight Daniel would ‘materialize’ and come back to him. Brock didn’t want to get out of bed. He touched the cut on his neck, feeling the adhesive strip, and thought about having to continue to endure this type of discomfort and exhaustion. Again.
He had a love/hate opinion of the bloodletting. Since he was a sex addict, he craved the orgasmic high Daniel could induce while he drank from him, but the aftereffects were sometime worse than a bad hangover.
He glanced over at the clock. It was nearing ten. Brock rubbed his eyes and made the effort to sit up. Standing, holding onto the wall as he did, since he was lightheaded, Brock noticed Daniel had taken his phone with him this time. The urge to call Daniel was strong, but instead, Brock made his way to the bathroom to shower and shave. He took one look at his pale complexion in the mirror and his heart sank.
Turning the shower on, waiting for it to heat up, Brock removed the adhesive strip and tossed it into the trash, then stepped under the hot water to revive himself.

Once he had cleaned up, shaven, and dressed, Brock picked up his clothing off the floor from last night, shaking his head at the cum stain in his briefs and blood on his shirt collar. He dumped a load of clothing into the washing machine and then went to start a pot of coffee. When he opened the refrigerator, he realized Daniel had placed the deli food into it, so it didn’t sit out all night on the counter. 
Brock wondered if there was such a thing as a considerate vampire. Fuck.
The popping in and out of his life, the biting…
“And tonight is the Halloween party at the club,” Brock said to himself as he filled the carafe with water. He was in no mood for it.
The coffee dripping, the aroma alone making him feel slightly better, Brock scrolled through his phone numbers on his cell phone and called Eli.
Eli picked up, sounding breathless. “Hey.”
“Hey.” Brock took a mug out of the cabinet. “Did I catch you at a bad time?”
“No. Marty and I just went out for a run. So? What costume did you guys decide on? We’re taking the easy route and doing a cowboy theme.”
“I don’t think I’m going, Eli.” Brock used one hand to remove the bread from the refrigerator and stick two slices into the toaster.
“What? Oh, come on! We’ve been talking about this party for months. Are you kidding me?”
“Eli…” Brock sat down on a stool as he waited for the coffee to perk and the bread to toast. “Daniel bit me last night, and took off. Remember this shit from when I first met him?”
“Don’t tell me. Seriously. I don’t want to know.”
“Who else can I tell!” Brock ran his hand over his hair and tried to calm down. “Eli, I can’t talk to anyone else about it. And neither can you.”
“I won’t. Are you kidding me? I’d lose my job at the bank and people would put me into an asylum.”
Brock moaned and rested his head on his arm on the counter. “Fuck. Eli…I’m crushed.”
“What the hell happened? I mean, you guys were totally normal for months. We went out during the day, ate dinner, and I never noticed a thing about him. He seemed…well, normal.”
“He was. Even he doesn’t know why it happened.” Brock became emotional. “Eli,” he felt his eyes water as he spoke, “he leaves me before dawn. I have no idea where he goes.”
“Do I even want to guess?”
“No. Please don’t. Just the thought of him sleeping in a fucking coffin in some cemetery makes me ill.”
“Is that what he does?” Eli gasped.
Brock sat up. “Can Marty hear you?”
“No. He’s in the shower.”
“Don’t tell him.”
“I won’t!” Eli choked. “Like I said, it’s insane!”
Brock wiped at his eyes. “Worst part is, Eli, I love the bastard so much. I’m crushed.”
“Is he leaving you? I mean, like completely?”
The toast popped and Brock looked at it, knowing he had to eat something. “He hasn’t said that directly. I don’t know.”
“Wow. Well, you know my feelings on this. If Daniel is draining you, get away from him. I remember how sick he made you.”
Brock broke down and sobbed, unable to bite back the agony of the reality.
“Babe,” Eli spoke softly, “Do you want me to come over?”
“I don’t know what I want.” Brock rubbed at his eyes and felt like a baby for being so emotional. But this is what happened last time. He fell apart. “No. I’m okay,” Brock lied and forced himself to pour a cup of coffee.
“You sure? Marty has errands he can run.”
Thinking about having Eli with him, Brock changed his mind. “Yes. Okay. Maybe just for an hour so I can vent.”
“You got it, babe. I can be there by noon.”
“Okay.” Brock nodded his head. “Thanks.”
“No problem.”
Brock disconnected the phone and was about to put it down when as an afterthought he called Daniel. It immediately went to voicemail. Brock didn’t leave a message. He set the phone down and spread butter on the toast He stood at the counter to eat it and sip the coffee, trying to decide on what the hell he was going to do.

After eating and straightening up the penthouse, Brock heard the buzzer sounding from the lobby. He pushed the entry button and tucked his shirt into his jeans, trying to feel normal and greet Eli like a buddy and not a charity case.
He propped open his door since his was the only penthouse on the top floor, and the elevator was right near his entry.
Brock touched the cut lightly, and then made sure the pitcher of strawberry daiquiri he had mixed was on the counter with glasses.
The sound of the elevator opening and closing made Brock look at the door to his home. When Adrian Tripp entered, Brock was stunned.
“Adrian? What are you doing here?” Brock checked the time. It was noon.
“Had to show you this.” Adrian held a hanger which was covered by garment bag. “You are going to die!” Adrian used the sofa to drape the bag on it and then looked around. “Where’s your other half?”
“Out.” Brock walked closer to the item on the sofa. 
Adrian removed a costume. He held it up and grinned. “Love it?”
“What is it? Romeo?” Brock touched the fabric of the costume which was obviously either from a theater or rental shop.
“You are good!” Adrian caressed the fine velvet. “Want to be my Juliet?”
“Isn’t Brian going to be that?”
“No. He refused. Says he can’t do drag.” Adrian placed the costume on the couch and seemed to be admiring it. “So? What did you decide to be?”
“I’m not going.”
“What?”
The buzzer went off again and Brock walked to the entry button and this time asked through the intercom, “Eli?”
“Yeah.”
Brock let him in and opened the door again.
“Company?” Adrian sauntered over seductively. “In Daniel’s absence?”
“Adrian…it’s just Eli.” Brock took another glass out of the cabinet for Adrian.
“Where is Daniel?” Adrian walked to the counter where Brock poured the cocktail after dipping the rims of the glasses in sugar. 
Brock gave Adrian’s immaculate attire of silk pants and a blousy Hugo Boss shirt a glance, then handed Adrian a glass. “Doing errands,” Brock said, avoiding Adrian’s perceptive gaze.
The sound of the elevator arriving at their floor made both men look towards the door. Thirty-three year old, Eli Walsh, entered the penthouse wearing a pair of worn blue jeans and an NYU sweatshirt. Since his blond hair had thinned, Elis shaved it off, and now appeared slightly more butch with a bare head and a goatee. Eli immediately spotted Adrian and stopped short. 
Brock said, “You guys know each other.”
“We met once or twice.” Adrian approached Eli, hand extended. 
Eli shook Adrian’s hand and then asked Brock, “Did you still need me here?”
“Need you?” Adrian raised his eyebrows, his drink to his lips. “Is something happening between you and Daniel?”
Brock wasn’t sure he wanted Adrian in on the conversation.
Eli looked uncomfortable and kept quiet. 
Adrian’s cell phone chimed and he said, “Do you mind?” asking if the other two cared if he took it.
“No.” Brock waved him off and it gave him a chance to speak to Eli privately. He tilted his head for Eli to walk into the kitchen with him while Adrian took the call in his living room.
“He just showed up unannounced, Eli.” Brock picked up one of the cocktails to sip. “I’m not talking about Daniel in front of him.”
“I didn’t think you would.” Eli ran his hand over his goatee. “What’s that thing on the sofa?”
“His costume for tonight. He’s going as Romeo.” Brock checked the time and looked anxiously at Adrian as he laughed while on the phone.
“Do you want me to ask him to leave?” Eli appeared concerned. 
“I will.” Brock gulped some of the sweet daiquiri and set the glass down beside the pitcher. He stood near Adrian, who was obviously amused by the person on the other end of the line.
“…okay, good.” Adrian nodded, then glanced at Brock. “I’ll see you tonight.” He disconnected the call and grinned at Brock. “The LA guys arrived last night. They are excited to meet you.”
“Yeah, about the party,” Brock made a noise and expressed his regret. 
“You will be there.” Adrian picked up the costume by the hanger, and pointed his index finger at Brock. “I want you to meet these boys. And they want to meet you.” Adrian made his way to the door. He glanced at Eli. “Are you here to talk him into going or out of it?”
“Neither.” Eli shrugged.
“See you tonight, Mr Hart. Don’t disappoint me.” Adrian left the penthouse and shut the door behind him.
Brock gave Eli a look of frustration.
Eli approached him. “Look, Brock, Adrian has no idea what you’re going through right now. So fuck him. You go if you want, or not.”
“I don’t even have a costume.” Brock sank onto a chair and folded his hands on his lap. 
“Marty and I can get you a cowboy hat.”
Brock rubbed his face and neck and felt the spot where Daniel had bit him. He tugged his shirt collar down, the adhesive strip off was already off, and showed Eli. “Is this party really all I have to be worried about? Or do I have bigger things to deal with?”
“Jesus.” Elis inspected the cut. “That looks like the bite of a snake. Two fangs.”
Brock stared into space. “So, now I’m in love with a snake.”
“I didn’t say that.” Eli rubbed Brock’s back. “Look, hanging out here brooding isn’t helping you. Come out for a while.”
“Okay.” Brock finished his drink and put the glass into the sink while Eli placed the pitcher in the fridge.
As Brock gathered his things to leave, Eli said softly, “Life always has to be complicated, doesn’t it? Why?”
Brock shook his head, checking his phone before he pocketed it. “I wish I knew, Eli. I wish I knew.”

As the early fall evening began to darken the Manhattan skyline, Brock still had not heard from Daniel. His calls automatically going to voicemail, his text messages unanswered, Brock didn’t know if he had lost Daniel or he would ‘pop up’ once nightfall hit.
Meanwhile Eli was trying to get Brock to go to the Halloween party with him tonight. 
“It’s better than wallowing all night on your own, Brock.” Eli put his arm around Brock’s shoulder as they walked against the brisk wind. Clouds formed overhead and Brock could feel an occasional drop of rain hit his cheek. Or at least he hoped it was rain and not pigeon droppings or someone spitting from a top floor window.
As they walked Eli pointed out a gay novelty shop. 
“Whatever.” Brock shrugged. Since he was probably going to be dragged to this crazy party, he may as well find something to wear. 
Eli opened the door for him and a buzzer sounded as they entered. The man behind the counter, wearing bondage gear, raised his head and acknowledged them, “Let me know if you need anything.”
Eli waved at him. “Will do.”
Brock was too distracted to even consider an outfit. All he’d be doing was thinking about Daniel all night. “I can’t go.” He shook his head at Eli.
“Brock.” Elis held Brock still and searched his eyes. “If you want to mope all night in your penthouse, go right ahead. But I knew a guy before he met Daniel Wolf that would jump at the chance to party.”
Brock gazed into Eli’s light eyes. “You’re right. I knew that guy too. He used to be a player. He wasn’t happy unless he was hooking up.”
“I never thought I would say that guy was better off than this one.” Eli shook his head, “But after what Daniel does to you?” He touched the cut on Brock’s neck. “Find another man.”
“You’re right. Screw it. He thinks nothing about leaving me all day. Why the hell shouldn’t I have fun?”
“That’s my man.” Eli patted Brock’s shoulder. 
They browsed the kinky accessories. 
Brock held up a leather vest. “Fuck it. How about this, Eli?”
“Hot Dom!” Eli laughed. 
Brock laughed too, and it felt good. Really good.
~
Daniel opened his eyes and sat up. Inside a marble underground vault, he was safe from the sunlight. He checked the time on his watch since the small ‘intelligent’ telephone Brock had given to him to aid in their communication did not seem to work n the hole he was in. Daniel loved technology, and although he had shunned it for centuries, with Brock guiding him, he had been brought into the new world. 
Daniel pocketed the phone and pushed the heavy stone aside, seeing an overcast October sky and a deserted graveyard. Making sure the stone was in place behind him, Daniel was now able to scan the text messages and read two from Brock. He tapped his fingers on the keyboard and sent a text message to Brock, then began walking towards their penthouse. He was hungry. Very hungry. 
Trying to respect Brock and only feed on him was not easy. Daniel craved a whole kill, not a teasing small taste.
It was the Saturday evening before the celebration of All Hollow’s Eve and revelers were out in droves, made up in painted masks and colorful garb as if it were the Marti Gras in Venice.
Feeling his veins pull painfully as his hunger grew, Daniel kept checking his phone for an answer from Brock. “I do not like this texting!” He snarled and put the phone to his ear after dialing Brock’s number. 
Just when Daniel thought he would not get through to his man, he heard the connection of their two voices. 
“Danny?”
“Where are you, Brock? Why is it so hard for me to hear you?” Daniel stopped and used an alcove to avoid the pedestrians and gusting wind.
“I’m at the club.”
“Are you?” Daniel gazed up at the dark sky. 
“Yeah. Drunk.”
“I shall be there.”
“Okay.”
Daniel closed the phone and slipped it into his pocket then made for the nightclub that Brock haunted.
Chapter 4

Brock was hammered. 
Dressed in black, pretending to be a Dom, he wore a leather vest, hat, pants and boots, and had a riding crop and handcuffs hanging from his belt loop. On his wrists and neck were silver chains. He had a dark fantasy to revert back to the old Brock Hart…to hit the dance floor, choose one of the pretty boys and get his cock sucked in the men’s room. He’d done that for so many years he loved it. Daniel had called him a man-eater, but in reality, the men ‘ate’ him.
Adrian was dressed as Romeo but looked more like Prince Charming. His lover Brian Buck was in a similar outfit. No, the handsome man did not dress like Juliet, but still, the pair appeared very princely together.
“Here,” Adrian said as he handed Brock another drink. “You look like you can use it.”
“I’m already wasted.” Brock took the glass and tried not to spill it.
“Like I said,” Adrian smirked, “keep going.”
Brian leaned close to yell over the noise of techno music and shouting, “He just wants to take advantage of you. Adrian has had a crush on you since the good old days when you were BJ-buddies.”
“He told you?” Brock blinked, sipping what tasted like a Cosmo but he wasn’t sure what he was drinking any longer.
“Yes.” Brian shrugged, a cocktail glass to his lips as well. “We got off on it.”
Just as Brock was about to reply to Brian’s comment, Adrian waved at someone behind him. Brock tried to see who it was in the crowded room. 
Halloween was like Christmas and New Years wrapped in a bow for gay men. They could be their fantasy character.
The costumes were so elaborate, and risqué, Brock was in heat staring at bare ass cheeks and gleaming pecs.
“Lion!” Adrian called out as he continued to wave a man closer. While he did, he gripped Brock’s arm and said, “One of my LA friends has arrived. You’ll love him!”
Brock tried to see, though his eyes were struggling to focus from his inebriation.
A big man wearing similar bondage clothing to himself, emerged from the crowd. ‘Lion’ was enormous, at least six foot three, covered in tattoos and had a shaven head and trimmed beard. The man was so imposing, Brock actually stepped back to make space between them.
He watched Adrian and Lion embrace, laugh and whisper into each other’s ear, then in the din Brock could see Adrian introducing Lion to Brian, Eli, and Marty.
When Adrian gestured to Brock, giving the men a chance to shake hands, Brock noticed Lion’s eyes glowing in the dim club. He gasped, retracted his hand immediately and shook his head. “No.”
Adrian laughed to cover the awkwardness and Brock heard him say, “Sorry, Lionel, he’s wasted.”
“He’s spectacular.” Lion reached for Brock’s face.
Getting away from that touch as fast as he could, Brock stumbled into the men dancing behind him. The men he hit made sure Brock knew of their displeasure, cursing at him and holding up their spilled cocktails. 
As panic seized him, Brock felt as if he were in a tunnel, trying to find his way out.
The noise was so loud, the lighting disorienting, flashing white, blue and red, Brock actually began to feel sick.
Just as he was about to flee to the exit or the men’s room, someone grabbed him and brought him into an embrace.
Brock was about to fight when he realized it was Daniel.
~
Daniel could smell the potent alcohol on his lover’s breath. He also smelled fear. He held Brock around his waist and in the madness of Halloween antics, he found a spot where he could speak to him. Daniel touched Brock’s leather outfit, smiling in admiration. “Leather suits you.”
“Danny,” Brock’s expression of terror did not subside. “I think there’s another vampire here.”
“What?” Daniel turned to look at the packed crowd. He scanned the perimeter and used his senses. The odor of musky men, booze, and cologne was masking most other smells.
“Lion. Lionel Valley. A guy Adrian knows from LA.” Brock began huffing for breath, his fear real. “Do you know him?”
Daniel did not. His hunt for Lion became his secondary concern as his hunger became his first. He pinned Brock to the wall and licked his neck sensuously.
“Oh, no. Dan, not here. I’ll scream from the climax. No way.” Brock glanced around the packed room in paranoia.
Daniel held his hand and began dragging him out of the club. The entrance had a long line of men waiting to get inside, all dressed in lavish outfits, mostly handmade costumes which made for a kaleidoscope of colors.
Brock stumbled as Daniel drew him to an alley. He threw Brock against the brick wall and went for his throat.
Instantly Brock began writhing and moaning, gripped to Daniel as he slid down to the dirty street. “Oooh, God, Daniel! Ooooh my God!”
Daniel kept him upright in his arms, sucking the blood from Brock’s neck, enough to keep him sated and not make Brock pass out. It was a fine line.
He pressed his finger over the cut and savored the last gulp of blood on his tongue. 
“Oh, God…” Brock closed his eyes and touched inside his leather pants. “I came all over myself.”
“Mm. You taste like booze. I will clean you. Come.”
“Come. I did come…Holy shit.” Brock staggered back to the club entrance, Daniel holding him steady.
Daniel walked directly to the front of the line, gave the bouncer a glare, daring him to stop him from entering and brought Brock back inside the madness.
~
Between the alcohol and the bloodletting, Brock was dizzy. The room was a blur of noise and color. Daniel’s grip on him was the only thing keeping him from passing out.
He was brought to a men’s room, crowded with couples kissing and involved in sexual acts. Daniel urged Brock to a vacant stall and then left him there.
Brock held the walls, one in each hand, and tried not to lose consciousness.
Daniel returned, opened Brock’s leather pants and cleaned the cum from his briefs. 
Brock watched him through a haze, touching the cut on his neck which had stopped running with blood. 
“Daniel.” Brock held onto him for balance. “Can there be another vampire?”
Brock flushed the dirty paper towels and zipped Brock’s leather pants up. “Come. I know you thirst for more intoxicants.”
“Wait. Dan.” Brock held him back. “Where do you go? Why can’t I come?”
Holding both of Brock’s shoulders, Daniel gave him a shake of admonishment. “You would not want to be where I am during the day.”
Brock gripped Daniel’s shirt at the collar, pushing him against the stall wall. “Is it a coffin? Is it a graveyard?”
“Why, when you say that, do you look intrigued?” Daniel frowned. “I would give my soul to be back in our bed.” Daniel tugged Brock’s hand. “Come.”
“I did. Wow.” Brock staggered out of the stall, seeing many men watch him and Daniel as they left the men’s room. “What about the cut?” Brock asked, touching the tender spot.
“Nothing. A scratch.”
Brock knew that was a lie Daniel told him on many occasions.
Adrian was the first to spot their return. He gave them a raise of his eyebrow, as if he could sense some sexual play may have taken place between he and Daniel.
“Mr Wolf.” Adrian looked down his nose at Daniel. 
Brock knew Adrian was jealous of Daniel.
“Where is Lion?” Brock asked.
“He’s looking for a submissive man to dominate.” Adrian touched a spot on Brock’s throat where he was tender.
Brock recoiled and covered it with his hand.
“Role playing gone too far?” Adrian smirked and then took a look at Daniel’s attire. “Are you supposed to be Dracula? Because you missed the mark. Other than the whiteness to your skin and red lips.” Adrian leaned closer to Brock to say, “You could have at least gotten him a cape.”
Brock waved Adrian’s comments off. If you only knew.
Eli stepped closer, his cowboy hat covering his shaven head. “So, Daniel, you decided to come after all.”
“I did.” Daniel grinned. “Miss me, Eli?”
Brock caught Eli’s worried glance. 
“Uh, sure, Daniel.” Eli backed away from him, tilting his head to Marty to head to the dance floor. Brock figured it was Eli’s way of getting away from Daniel.
Brock was handed another cocktail. He shook his head. “No way. Water from now on.” 
“Water?” Adrian cocked his eyebrow at Brock. “Who the hell are you, and what did you do with my wild friend Brock Hart?”
Brock was about to respond but he noticed Daniel searching the crowd. 
Brock asked him, “Can you sense him? Is he real? Or…”
Daniel didn’t acknowledge Brock, as if he were zoning in or out of focus.
Brian handed Brock a glass of water. “Here ya go.”
“Thanks, Brian.” Brock guzzled the water down thirstily. When he went to ask the bartender for more, he noticed Daniel had vanished. “Dan?”
Adrian gave Brock a smirk of superiority. “You do realize you can do better.”
“You mean, ‘do’ you?” Brock managed to get the busy man behind the bar to refill his glass.
“Time to dance.” Adrian set his empty drink aside and drew Brian into his arms. 
Brock watched them make a space on the crowded dance floor and then he searched for Daniel. He touched his neck and felt the sting of the cut, upset that the bloodletting was back.
~
Just as Daniel found his target, he was targeted. 
He moved through the chaos of male bodies as if he were invisible. The dancing and gyrating, the noise and spinning lights did nothing to distract Daniel, or his prey.
He stood before an imposing vampire, inhaling, trying to get a sense of where he was from and possibly who had made him.
Lion laughed at Daniel. It was full of mockery and condescension. The sneer on Lion’s lips angered Daniel. He lunged at Lion, pinning him to a wall.
Only since Lion was caught off guard, did he fall back, hitting the black painted concrete with a thud.
Lion’s eyes began to glow and he showed his teeth. “Jayden said you’d work against us.”
At the dropping of a name he knew, Daniel released his hold on Lion and inspected him closely.
Lion tugged the leather vest over his chest defensively and adjusted the leather cap on his head.
“Why do you speak of Jayden to me?” Daniel recalled a trip he had made recently, looking for Blake Lowe, his maker. But only Jayden was still lingering in the back alleys and Blake had vanished.
“Why shouldn’t I?” Lion removed a cigar from his pocket and unwrapped it. “You think the group in LA don’t know what you peckers are up to out here?”
Daniel studied this big man, his power and the way he fit into the modern world with his tattoos and rough looks. Lion chewed the end off the cigar, spitting it out and not lighting it.
“What do you want?” Daniel asked.
“I was invited.”
“By whom?”
“Adrian.”
Daniel glanced over his shoulder, but didn’t want to give Lion his back. “Adrian is not one of us.”
“Nope. He’s not.” Lion chewed on the cigar end. “But when he mentioned your name…well,” Lion grinned, the cigar sticking out of his teeth. “We heard rumor you’d turned human. I had to come see for myself.” Lion gave Daniel a once over inspection. “A lie. I figured.”
Daniel kept his facts to himself. “So. You came to New York just to see me.”
“Yup.” Lion looked out at the dance floor. “And to see what you were doing in the Big Apple to keep out of trouble.” He tilted his head to the crowd. “And I see now. A spectacular human to feed on. Your lover?”
Daniel bristled. 
Lion laughed, still chewing on the cigar. “He’s addicted to the orgasms. You don’t have to tell me.” Lion relaxed against the dark wall, appearing comfortable in the surroundings. 
Daniel glanced behind him briefly, making sure no one was within hearing range. Then he asked, “What did Jayden tell you?”
“That you’d gone to see Blake.”
“Why is it you know all about me, yet I have heard nothing of you?”
“How old are you, grandpa?” Lion laughed in that condescending way. “You fuckers over three centuries are so out of it.”
Daniel wondered if he asked, if Lion would tell him, by whom, and when, he was created. “So, the technical age has been your passion?” Daniel studied Lion’s reaction.
“My passion? No, dominating men in my club is my passion.”
“Club.”
“I chain them up and torment them. They keep coming back for more.”
The information surprised Daniel. “Why?”
“You have a computer, grandpa?”
“Stop antagonizing me.”
Lion chuckled. “Ask your minion to look up the world of domination and BDSM for you.” Lion took his cigar out of his mouth, talking down deliberately to Daniel, “You know. On a computer…a C-O-M-P…”
“Shut up.” Daniel wanted to strike him to wipe the smirk off his face.
“Later.” Lion walked by Daniel, deliberately hitting him hard in the shoulder.
Daniel watched Lion strutting across the dance floor, the men ogling him as he went.
~
Brock tried to sober up. What he really wanted was to go home. Eli and Marty were playing on the dance floor, enjoying each other. No way was Brock going to ruin Eli’s chance at a nice evening. And Adrian? He was showing Brock too much attention, even though Brian seemed not to care. It was possible the couple had a genuine open relationship, but the last thing Brock wanted to do was ask Adrian to help him get home.
Where is Daniel? Brock didn’t know where he had vanished to. Just as Brock found the strength to begin looking for his lover, Lion blocked his path.
Brock looked up at the imposing Dom and knew a vampire when he saw one. Oh, yes. Seen one, can see them all.
“Hello, cutie.” Lion caressed Brock’s cheek with one finger.
“Hi. Go away.” Brock swiped at Lion’s hand and backed up, hitting a man wearing an angel’s wings and a g-string, dancing with his partner who was dressed as a devil.
“Aw, that’s not anyway to talk to the new guy in town.” Lion closed the gap between them and touched the bite mark Daniel had left on his neck.
“You’re not a guy. You’re a bloodsucker.”
“And you’re hot. I can see why Daniel has claimed you.”
“Claimed me?” Brock didn’t like the sound of that. “Get away. I know how you fuckers operate.”
“You do.” Lion smirked, sticking an unlit cigar into his leather vest pocket. “Yet you allow him to do it. Hmm. Love the climax?”
“Stop touching me.” Brock could not get away from Lion and was about to start yelling for Daniel.
“I like your outfit. So? Are you into a little S&M?”
“No. It’s Halloween. Leave me alone!” Brock stepped back and again, body-slammed a couple on the dance floor.
Lion cupped the back of Brock’s neck, drawing him closer for that lethal kiss. “Bet you taste like honey.”
With both hands Brock pushed the hulk of a man back, but Lion was so incredibly big, even as a human Brock would have no chance winning a fight against him. 
“Daniel!” Brock yelled, knowing he was in trouble, “Daniel!”
Brock spotted Adrian first, coming closer to see what was going on. He expected Lion to release him. Lion didn’t.
“What do we have here?” Adrian sipped his drink and grinned. “Well, Mr Hart. I think you have an admirer.”
“Call him off!” Brock felt as if he was pushing at a concrete wall. Lion would not release his grip on him.
“But you’re both dressed for some hot leather fun!” Adrian seemed to think this was playfulness. Brock knew he had no idea what was really going on.
“Come here, gorgeous,” Lion purred, dragging Brock to his mouth.
“Daniel!” Brock closed his eyes and felt Lion’s scentless breath near his lips.
A force as powerful as a mule’s kick sent Brock tumbling backwards. He flailed as he landed against the men who were drinking together, assuming they thought he was a pain in the ass who was very drunk.
When Brock regained his balance, he spotted Daniel and Lion squaring off.
“Oh shit.” Brock scrambled to get between them. He grabbed Daniel’s arm. “Let’s go. I want to go home.”
Daniel snarled at Lion, and Lion appeared smug-incarnate.
“Daniel. Home!” Brock tugged him.
Adrian said in disappointment, “You’re not leaving.”
“Yes. We are.” Brock latched onto Daniel and began dragging him towards the entrance.
“But the party has just started!” Adrian said.
“Daniel!” Brock tried to rouse him as it seemed Daniel’s gaze was locked on Lion. “I want to go home. Please.”
Daniel relented, gripped Brock’s arm and they stormed out of the club. Daniel was fuming so much, he created a hazy smoke which surrounded him in the cold night air.
“Taxi!” Brock waved to catch one.
“You go.” Daniel appeared to want to return to the club.
“No. No way. Dan, that fucker is not only huge, he’s dangerous.”
A cab pulled over.
Brock made sure Daniel came with him, pushing him into the back seat. Brock told the driver, “West 52nd Street.”
Once they were on the way, Brock held Daniel’s hand, feeling how cold it was, knowing what that meant. He cringed and rubbed his eyes tiredly.
Daniel’s ‘steam’ was creating condensation on the back windows. 
“Calm down before you explode.” Brock rubbed Daniel’s cold hand. 
They didn’t speak another word until the taxi stopped near their high-rise tower.
Brock tossed cash at the driver, opened the car door, and led Daniel out of the back seat. They walked to the lobby together and once they were inside the elevator Brock asked, “Who the hell is Lion?”
“He is a new one.” Daniel appeared more in thought than aware.
Brock waited until the elevator stopped at the top floor, then opened the door to the penthouse and began yanking off the ridiculous leather outfit he wore. “He was going to bite me!”
Daniel followed Brock into the bedroom. 
“Dan! What are you going to do to prevent that big fucker from having me for dinner!” Brock sat on the bed and yanked off his black boots.
“I don’t know what I can do.”
“What?” Brock stood and confronted Daniel. “You can’t defend me? Are you kidding me?”
Daniel sat on the bed, slumped over. “He called me grandpa.”
“Oh, Christ.” Brock rubbed at the sore spot on his neck. “I’m dropping down the fucking rabbit hole here, Dan! Help me out!”
“I cannot help you out.”
Brock stopped short. “What do you mean you can’t?”
Daniel looked defeated. “If we cannot be together constantly how can I ensure you’re protection?”
Down to his briefs, Brock sat beside Daniel and held his hand, feeling him growing cooler as his need for blood renewed. “Where do you go? When you vanish from my place, where do you sleep?”
Daniel appeared embarrassed and looked away.
“Dan!”
“A crypt! Okay?” Daniel glared at Brock, his green eyes lit like two beams of light.
Brock shivered and closed his eyes. “I knew it. I didn’t want to hear it. I don’t want to believe it. But I knew.”
“Then why did you ask. You are exasperating in your constant need to question.”
“Where is it?” Brock tried to warm Daniel’s hand but he knew rubbing it between his was useless.
“Where? Why? I now need to tell you where I lie so you can tell your friends? What do you take me for? An idiot?”
“I won’t tell them. I promise, Daniel.”
“You tell Eli. You told him what I was when no one can know.”
Brock bit his bottom lip, knowing Eli knew Daniel was again sucking his blood. “I won’t tell Eli. I swear.” Brock held up his right hand.
“If you do. I shall have to kill you.”
Brock choked at the seriousness of Daniel’s tone. “Are you kidding me? Kill me?”
Daniel’s gaze grew more intense and chills rose on Brock’s skin. He backed up on the bed and released Daniel’s hand. Brock grew afraid. “Don’t tell me then.”
Daniel began to stalk Brock, getting a different look in his eyes. Hunger.
Brock inched backwards on the bed. “Why am I more afraid of you this time than when we first met?” His breathing began to become rapid from his nerves. “We love each other. Right? Love conquers all?”
Daniel crawled over Brock, on his hands and knees as Brock lay prone under him. “Blood conquers all.”
“Daniel…” Brock held him off but it was like trying to stop a freight train. While Daniel was a vampire, he was power incarnate.
“A taste.” Daniel licked his lips, showing his fangs.
“Oh, no…Dan, easy…don’t make me pass out.” Brock felt him closing in on his neck. Then colors began swirling, sparkles of purple, blue, and red. His cock thickened and the pleasure began. “Oooh, God! Daniel!” Brock closed his eyes and began humping against Daniel’s body.
Daniel slid to lie beside Brock, grabbing Brock’s cock and holding it.
Within moments, cum began hitting Brock’s chest as the climax commenced. Brock moaned and gripped Daniel’s jacket, loving and hating the bloodletting. “Daniel! God! Oh, my God!”
Brock began feeling the swoon of passing out. He pushed both his hands against Daniel’s face and heaved him away with everything he had.
Daniel released his bite and blood ran from his lips. 
Closing his eyes, Brock couldn’t look at him, feeling a drop trickle down his neck. “Go away!” Brock sobbed. “I can’t do this again! Leave me the fuck alone!”
Brock listened and heard nothing. He opened his eyes slowly but no one was in the room. “Daniel?” Holding his neck, Brock sat up, but knew. Knew his lover had vanished. “Daniel!” he screamed at the top of his lungs, then covered his eyes and cried.
~
Daniel hunted.
He was warmed on the taste of his lover’s powerful blood and now he needed to kill. But not a mortal. 
Looking up at the sky, Daniel knew it was after midnight but the October nights were growing longer, and tonight was the start of the celebration of the dead. Halloween.
All around Manhattan costumed revelers were still partying and coming and going to clubs.
Daniel sniffed the clammy air and caught a scent on the breeze. It seemed he was not the only one hunting. Someone was hunting either him, or his lover.
Following the trail, Daniel already knew who it was.
Lion materialized from the gloom of an alley, showing his teeth in a wicked smile.
With his lover’s testosterone filled blood in his veins, Daniel stalked Lion. Even though Lion was a big vampire, over six feet tall and weighing at least two hundred pounds, Daniel was older. Much older. And age gave vampires power, not weakness like it did in humans.
Seeing Daniel approach with evil intent, Lion hissed and puffed up like a cobra, preparing for battle.
Undeterred, Daniel grabbed Lion by the throat and pinned him to the wall of the alley near Brock’s penthouse. “You made a mistake when you came here.”
Lion tried to break the grip of Daniel’s hand, appearing surprised at Daniel’s strength. 
“What did you think you would find?” Daniel leaned closer, opening his mouth, showing off his fangs, which were slightly longer and sharper than this young vampire’s canines. “A helpless old man?”
“Jayden said you were human and an easy target! He lied!” Lion began clawing at Daniel to get away. “He told me how strong killing you would make me!”
Knowing Jayden was a longtime friend, Daniel tried to assess if this was true. He didn’t believe this young vampire. Not for a second. “Jayden would never wish my death.” Daniel began squeezing Lion’s throat, making him lash out to get free.
“Then how would I know?” Lion tried to swipe at Daniel’s face, but Daniel kept dodging his hands.
“I will find out for myself, and as for you, my LA pest…I cannot trust you to leave my man alone.”
“No!” Lion’s eyes began to glow as if he knew he was no match for Daniel.
Daniel pressed Lion’s cheek into the dirty brick wall and sank his teeth into Lion’s neck. The metallic tasting blood of a vampire began to make its way down Daniel’s throat. Both he and Lion reacted to the pleasure, which was so much stronger from the richness of the magical blood. Lion’s resistance began to fail as Daniel drained him. 
“Get a room!” someone shouted into the alley, but Daniel ignored it and closed his eyes as his body filled with luxurious heat.
Lion began to weaken, going limp and his arms dropped to his sides. Though Daniel could kill a human by draining him, he could not kill a vampire this way. He allowed Lion to slide to the ground and collapse in a heap. Daniel looked around the darkness and picked up a piece of discarded wood. He snapped it, creating a sharp point. 
Lion opened his eyes, but did not move, since he was so weak.
Daniel held up the wood, aiming at Lion’s chest. “You should have stayed in California. I have no need for competition here.”
Lion moved his lips but Daniel didn’t care what he had to say. He impaled Lion’s chest with the sharp wood and Lion arched his back in pain and turned to ash.
Daniel stood tall, watched the ash blow in the breeze, and tossed the wood aside. He brushed off his hands and left the alley, in search of Jayden.
~
Brock lay still for a long while, trying to stop the nausea of the bloodletting. He looked at his hand and it was covered in red. Alone in his penthouse, Brock had to find the strength to get out of bed. Moving his legs first, he found the floor with his feet and sat up, his hand over the cut on his neck. Counting three in his head, Brock made it to his feet, reaching out for the wall as dizziness hit him. Staying still until it subsided, Brock inched his way to the bathroom, turning on a light. He closed his eyes, held his breath, and then looked at his reflection. The amount of blood running down his neck to his shoulder sickened him.
He sat on the closed toilet seat and put his head between his knees to prevent blacking out. “Daniel!” he roared, hearing his fury echo in the tiled room.
Brock tugged toilet tissue off the roll and dampened it, reaching to the sink. Not looking, keeping his eyes closed, he wiped at his neck, feeling the sting of the cut, and threw the used toilet paper into the trash. He kept wiping it until no more red appeared on the paper. 
Waiting a minute to gain strength, Brock held the vanity and stood, looking at himself. Dried semen coated his chest and he was pale. Two red puncture wounds were enflamed on his neck. Brock bit back an emotional sob and turned on the shower, holding himself up on the tiled wall as the water heated. 
He kept a grip on the glass door as he stepped into the tub, and stood under the hot spray. At the reality of Daniel once again becoming a bloodsucker, and losing the love of his life, Brock began to weep. The loss of blood always had this effect on him, making him an emotional basket case, upsetting him to the core.
Eli’s warning returned to Brock, ‘Stay away from him, Brock, he’s deadly.’
Though previously Brock would never believe Daniel would ever hurt him, Brock didn’t know any longer. This re-emerging of Daniel’s vampire side seemed more terrifying to Brock than it was the first time.
Daniel had changed. Changed for the worse, and Brock was suffering with a broken heart as well as the loss of blood. He dropped to his knees in the shower, covering his face and crying, unable to stop the pain.
“Daniel!” he wailed, weak and helpless without him, and risking his life with him. “Daniel…” Brock whimpered and cried like a baby as he battled with his sanity.
Chapter 5

Brock sat at the kitchen island counter, wearing a robe, sipping tea. Touching the adhesive strip he had placed on the cut on his neck, Brock felt it throb and tried to stop thinking about it, sipping the chamomile tea he had sweetened with honey.
His mobile phone hummed with a text. Brock checked the time and retrieved it from his bedroom, seeing it was from Eli. Eli had asked, ‘Where are you?’
‘Home.’
Brock’s phone rang right after he sent the text. He sat down again and answered Eli’s call. Judging from the noise in the background, Brock knew Eli was still out partying. 
“Home?” Eli yelled into the phone as if he was trying to be heard over the chaos.
“Yes.”
“When did you guys leave?”
“I don’t know. An hour ago?” Brock had no idea. When Daniel bit him, his concept of time vanished.
“Is Lion with you?”
Brock sat up and stared at the steam swirling from his mug. “No. Why?”
“Adrian can’t find Lion, and he’s not answering his cell phone.”
“I have no idea where he is.” Brock blew on the tea, which was still slightly too hot to drink. I’m alone. Daniel took off.”
“Why did you guys leave? Did Daniel and Lion have a fight?”
“No. I don’t know.” Brock didn’t want to involve Eli. Not now. Not when it was getting deadly.
“Adrian said Lion was hot for you. I figured it would make Daniel jealous.”
Brock heard Adrian’s voice in the background, but couldn’t understand what he said. “Eli, I’m very tired. I just want to rest.”
“Hang on.” Brock heard Eli say, “Adrian! Lion is not with Daniel. Go take a chill pill!”
Brock shivered, not wanting to think about a confrontation between two vampires.
“He’s a pain in the butt. I have to tell you, Brock, Adrian is not one of my favorite buddies of yours.”
“He’s okay. He’s probably just drunk.”
“Oh, yeah. He’s wasted.”
“Let me go, Eli.”
“You sure you’re okay? Adrian thinks we should all head to your place.”
“No. I’m ready for bed. Please don’t.”
“Okay, Brock. Tomorrow is Sunday. Sleep in. No racquetball in the afternoon then?”
“No. Can I skip tomorrow?”
“Sure.” There was a pause then Eli asked, “Let me guess. Daniel’s bleeding you too much again.”
“Eli, please. Do not say that in public.”
“It’s so loud in here, no one can hear me.”
“Don’t mention it ever again. Okay?”
“Okay.”
“Bye, Eli.”
“Goodnight, Brock. Call me tomorrow so I know you’re okay.”
“Okay.” Brock disconnected the phone and put it down on the counter. He picked up the tea to sip, and wondered if Lion and Daniel did get together. Two bloodsuckers discussing technique?
Brock shivered in anxiety and took his mug with him to the couch, turning on the TV. It was Halloween week so most of the channels were showing horror films. Brock was freaked out enough as it was, and turned on an airing of an old comedy sitcom. 
He curled up on the sofa, like he did when he had a cold, and cupped the tea, zoning out in front of the idiot box.
~
Daniel exited a chauffeur driven black sedan and walked down narrow lane. He stood at a metal door and pounded it with his fist. “Jayden!” he roared.
A scurrying noise on the other side of the door made Daniel furious. He shook the door, feeling its weight and then began slamming his shoulder against it. The metal buckled and the hinge gave way.
Daniel was able to grip the door with his fingertips and pulled it off the building, throwing it on the ground with a loud, clattering thud. “Jayden!” he shouted as he entered dim candle lit passages. 
More sounds met Daniel’s sharp senses. He sprinted to catch up to the retreating footfalls and seemed to be forever trailing it. He entered a chamber, one he had spent time in previously.
Candles burned from wall sconces, and a fire was in the hearth.
Daniel sniffed the air, smelling Jayden. He yelled, “What did you do?” and waited for a response. A door, far off, opened and slammed.
Growling as he suspected Jayden had instigated Lion to attack him, Daniel headed back to the exit and his waiting driver. He stood in the darkness and looked up and down the narrow lane, then climbed in the back seat. He told the driver the next destination and was so angry he was about to tear someone apart.
~
Brock woke with a start, hearing Daniel cry for help. Looking around his penthouse, he realized he had fallen asleep and the television was on, showing a gory horror movie. Sickened by the sight of gratuitous violence, Brock grabbed the remote control and shut it off. The silence of his home felt eerie. “Daniel?” 
He stood, holding the wall as he went, touching the covered cut on his neck. “Daniel? Is that you?” Brock entered his bedroom and looked around. No one was visible. 
He washed up for bed, and when he crawled under the covers he became frightened, like a child who has had a nightmare and can’t find his mother.
Brock tried to sleep, but tossed and turned, thinking he was hearing noises in his home, ‘things that go bump in the night’.
A recollection hit him. His last secretary, Faith, had given him a tiny silver cross on a necklace, ages ago. Daniel went crazy when he saw it, and made Brock throw it away.
Brock had not thrown it out. He had returned it to Faith. 
Now Brock wished he had not. He didn’t believe in religion, or at least not organized religion, but he was a spiritual man. 
Climbing out of bed, terrified of his own shadow, Brock opened the drawers of his kitchen cabinets, trying to think of a way to make a cross. Just in case.
He removed two butter knives from the drawer and used string to wrap them up, creating a cross of silver-plating. The amount of string he needed made the cross look bulky, but after wrapping it around and around, the two knives stayed put. It indeed looked like a religious symbol. 
Brock stared at it, thinking he had certainly lost his mind. Just as he was about to cut off the string, and call himself a moron, another noise from his bedroom made him jump out of his skin.
Brock held the homemade cross tightly, and said, “Daniel?”
He crept his way back to his bedroom and peeked in. A shadowy figure was there, but it was not Daniel.
In reaction, Brock raised up the cross and heard a hissing sound. “Who the fuck are you?” Brock asked, gaping in awe.
~
Daniel walked through the wide open suburban cemetery inhaling the night air.
Halloween, the Day of the Dead…Dia de Muertos.
October; the month of ghouls and spirits.
He stood in front of a grave, one Jayden had shown him the last time he visited, seeking questions. Asking how love could work between a vampire and a mortal.
Jayden had shown Daniel this grave. A grave of a ‘mortal’ and his wife. But it could not be. In this grave was Daniel’s maker. The vampire who created him four-hundred-and-fifty-three years ago.
Daniel looked at the grave marker. ‘Blake Lowe, Beloved husband, June 1, 1909- October 30, 1998’
Suspicion hit Daniel. 
He crouched down and began digging, pushing the sod aside, gouging the ground. At a noise behind him, Daniel looked over his shoulder. His driver held a shovel to assist him.
Daniel pointed to the ground. “Unearth this.”
“Yes, sir.”
Backing up, Daniel brushed off his hands and waited as the soil was removed, smelling nothing. No decay, no vampire, nothing.
~
Brock trembled where he stood, in his robe and briefs, holding out the makeshift cross.
Near the window of his penthouse, which was thirty stories above the street, stood a ‘man’, one he had never seen before, but he knew exactly what it was this time, just like he had with Lion.
The shadowy figure backed up as Brock held the cross higher. “Answer me!” Brock wondered since Adrian had invited some crazy characters from LA if suddenly he was going to be bombarded with vampires. But this was not Lion, that much he knew.
From what Brock could see from the dark corner of his bedroom, a man wearing all black with dark short hair, was trying to shield himself from the cross.
Brock turned on the ceiling light and an older pale, slightly frail looking man cowered in front of him.
“I asked who you are!” Brock held the knives tightly in his grip. “I know what you are!”
The strange man backed up as Brock approached. 
“How did you get in here?” Brock stayed back in case the man jumped at him. “Do you know who my lover is? If he knew you were here, he’d rip you to shreds!”
The man’s face contorted. “Wolf.”
“Yes!” Brock replied, “Daniel Wolf. Now, if you value your pathetic existence, get the hell out!”
The creature licked its lips and made grotesque noises that revolted Brock. 
“Didn’t you hear me?” Brock stepped closer, cross first, and said, “Get the hell out!”
The figure vanished like mist through the window and Brock tried to catch his breath.
“I’m dreaming.” He began to shake in fear. “I swear this is not happening.” Thinking he was losing his mind, Brock carefully approached the window. It was sealed and locked. 
“Okay, that’s it. I’m out of here.” He held the cross and hurried to get his phone, dialing.
“Brock?”
“Eli? Can I stay at your place tonight? I am so freaked out I’m hallucinating.”
“Yes! I’m on my way home now.”
“Can you pick me up on the way?” Brock didn’t want to put the knives down.
“Be there in a few minutes. I’ll call you when I pull up to your building.”
Brock heard Eli redirecting the cab driver.
“Thanks, Eli. You have no idea how much I appreciate it.”
“No problem.”
Brock put the phone on the bed and picked out his clothing, dressing and stuffing a few things into an overnight bag. He kept looking over his shoulder in fear, and finally strung the knife cross around his neck so he could pack.
~
Daniel opened the rotted coffin. As he suspected, it was empty. That meant Jayden lied, his maker had not become human.  But didn’t I? 
Daniel walked to the car and signaled for his driver. “Take me home.” As he rode in the back seat, Daniel struggled to understand how he had turned human even for the short while he did. And since ‘love conquers all’ did not change him back permanently, if he had been either dreaming he was a human, or…
Something had made him change back into a vampire.
Daniel did not know the answer, but he had a hunch that Jayden was up to something wicked. And Daniel worried for his lover. Brock, having made love to him for months, was now sought out by other vampires. Brock’s blood was a powerful elixir. Brock Hart, man-eater…charming and alluring to so many men, he was the perfect predator. And one of the reasons Daniel had selected him to be his own. 
And for the same reason, Brock Hart would now be a target for other vampires. Brock’s insatiable appetite for sex and the climax made him a lure for any man, and for a vampire wanting more strength, they were out for his potent blood.

Losing the hours of daylight, Daniel returned to New York City when he should have already been safe in his vault. He entered Brock’s apartment and already knew he was not there. He could not smell his masculine scent. A quick walk through of the five-room penthouse, and Daniel became concerned. Items were scattered and in disarray, something highly uncharacteristic for Brock. 
Feeling the coming dawn, Daniel had no choice but to hide from the light. He located a pen and pad in a drawer in the kitchen and wrote a note. ‘If you are still alive, beware!’
Placing it on the island counter, Daniel was running out of time. He became a mist and jumped through the bedroom window to the ground below.
~
Brock could see by the expression of concern on Eli’s face, how bad he must look. Eli shook his head and took Brock’s bag, carrying it to his spare bedroom. 
“Where’s Marty?”
“He stayed at the club with Adrian and Brian. I had enough.”
Brock followed him, looking into the large space and minimal furnishings. Though Eli worked in banking, and made a good living, he was a simple man. The opulent style didn’t appeal to Eli. Eli considered himself an athlete, and an intellect, and Brock adored him for his calming stable friendship.
“What the hell is that?” Eli pointed to the cross hanging around Brock’s neck when Brock took off his jacket.
“Don’t ask.”
Eli touched it, inspecting it. “You made it? Is it supposed to be a cross?”
“Yes.” Brock was exhausted and checked his watch. It was nearing three a.m. “Someone…well, a vampire, who was not Daniel, came into my home, Eli.”
Eli stopped short and met Brock’s gaze.
“And, Lion? Adrian’s friend. He’s one too.”
“What?” Eli made a face of disbelief. “Come on, Brock. It’s Halloween and you’re tired.”
Brock pointed at his neck. “Wanna see Daniel’s bite?”
“No. I’ve seen them before. I told you to stay away from him.” Eli turned down the bed for Brock. “Do you need anything?”
“I can’t sleep. I’m terrified.”
“Why?”
“I thought Daniel had become human. I mean, you saw him. He was out in the light, eating food…then Adrian brings a vampire to the club and…”
Eli folded his arms over his chest. “What do you want me to do?”
“Do you have garlic?”
Eli laughed. “Please. Are you kidding me?”
Knowing he sounded insane, Brock sat on the bed and the heavy knife cross hit his chest with a bounce. He took it off and stared at it. “I thought all the legends were folklore, Eli. Complete fiction.” He looked up into Eli’s light eyes. “Then I met Daniel.”
“And Daniel is afraid of garlic?”
“Crosses. When Faith gave me a tiny silver necklace because she was trying to ‘cure’ me of my homosexuality…” Using air quotes, Brock rolled his eyes, but continued, since he had told Eli about it when it happened, “…he went nuts. He couldn’t be around it.”
Eli leaned against the doorframe, listening.
“He made me throw it out. So, I made this.” He held up the cross. “And when that other freak showed up, I mean…showed up inside my bedroom through a window that was closed and thirty stories up…” Brock narrowed his eyes at Eli. “He didn’t come near me.”
“Are you high?”
“Eli!” Brock threw up his hands.
“Fine. Yes. I think I have garlic. What do you want me to do with it?”
Brock stood up and gestured for Eli to get it. He followed Eli to the kitchen and watched him take the small head out of a jar in the cabinet. He sniffed it and then handed it to Brock.
Brock peeled back the tip of the papery skin and headed to the entrance of Eli’s condo. He rubbed the clove on the doorframe.
“Hey! That’s going to stink up the place!”
“I know.” Brock made sure the entire frame, including the floor trim was covered, then did the same around the doorway of both his and Eli’s bedrooms, next walking to the windows.
“You suck!”
“No. Actually. I don’t. And I don’t want anyone to suck us.” Brock sniffed his fingers and they reeked of garlic.
He placed the rest of the clove on his nightstand with the homemade cross and met Eli’s eyes. “I have no idea if that will work.”
“Dude, you owe me.” Eli pointed at him.
“I do. More than you will ever know.”
“I need to sleep. I’m wiped out.”
“Goodnight, Eli.”
“Goodnight, Brock.”
Brock watched him leave and entered the bathroom to scrub his hands and wash up for bed. The reek of garlic was strong and even after using soap, his hands still stank. He peeled off the adhesive strip from his neck and looked at the puncture wounds. They had calmed down and were less enflamed.
Brock rested his hands on the vanity counter, and felt exhaustion creeping up on him. He had to sleep. He just hoped whatever was out there vanished with the sun. He couldn’t keep functioning any longer.
Brock shut the light, curled under the blanket in bed, and placed the cross he made on the pillow beside him.
Chapter 6

Brock stirred, feeling stiff and sore. Opening his eyes, seeing he was not in his own room, Brock tried to recall where he was, then he remembered. Stretching to see the digital clock on the nightstand, seeing the mashed garlic clove beside it, Brock heard Eli moving around outside his door.
He sat up and rubbed his face, sniffing his fingers and feeling like a moron. 
Once he had showered and shaved, dressed in a pair of jeans and casual V-neck sweater, he joined Eli in the kitchen.
The aroma of fresh perked coffee competed with the garlic mash on the front door.
Eli spun around when he heard Brock and said, “I didn’t want to wake you. You slept for nearly ten hours.”
“I see that.” Brock sat on a stool at a counter which was created through part of the dividing wall between the kitchen and living room. 
Eli filled a mug of coffee for him and placed it near Brock. “I already worked out at the complex’s gym, since you said you weren’t up for racquetball.”
While Brock sipped the strong black coffee, Eli carried a sponge and bottle of spray bleach to his door. He wiped the surface down, getting rid of the stink of garlic. “I can’t take that smell, Brock.”
“I know. I’m sorry. I feel stupid now.” Brock rubbed his neck and looked at the perfectly arranged kitchen counter, spotlessly clean.
“I can make breakfast for you…or lunch.” Eli wiped all the doorframes down and entered the second bedroom, carrying the stub of the garlic clove to toss out in the trash. “Or…” he looked at his watch as he said, “We can go out to dinner in a couple of hours.”
“Christ.” Brock moaned and rubbed his face. “I do need to tell Daniel it’s over.”
“I’ve been telling you that since you convinced me he’s a vampire.” Eli put the cleaning product away and washed his hands.
“But…” Brock felt an emotional wave. “I love him.”
Eli faced him and Eli’s look of sadness went right through Brock.
Eli said, “I know how much you love him. I do, Brock. He was the one man who stopped you from hooking up with other men every night.”
Brock dabbed at his eyes and then couldn’t deal with the pain. He stood off the stool and covered his face, turning his back to Eli.
“Hey. It’s okay.” Eli put his arm around Brock and comforted him. “There are so many other guys out there, Brock. Men who are good for you.”
“I don’t want them!” Brock’s fury rose. “Don’t you see, Eli?” He stepped back and waved his arms around at his helplessness. “No other man could ever be enough. Why do you think I kept screwing around? Huh? You think there’s someone out there to compare with Daniel Wolf?”
Eli bit his lip and said nothing.
“God!” Brock pulled at his own hair in complete frustration. “I can’t live with him and I can’t live without him!”
“You can live without him and you can’t live with him!” Eli yelled. “Don’t you get it? He will eventually kill you!”
“No. Never!” Brock needed Daniel. Wanted him desperately. He hurried to the spare bedroom and made sure he was packed.
“Brock. Don’t leave.”
Just as Brock was about to tell Eli he had to, someone buzzed the intercom to get into the building. It made Brock jump out of his skin.
“That’s Marty.” Eli walked to answer it.
Brock wiped his nose and stuck his toiletries into his overnight bag, with the makeshift cross, and put the shoulder strap over his arm. As he headed out, he bumped into Marty coming in. Marty gave Brock a sad frown, as if Eli had caught him up on the trouble Brock was having with Daniel. Hopefully not everything that was going on…
“You don’t have to leave,” Marty said.
“I do. I have to get home.” Brock reached to hug Eli. As he did he said, “Never tell anyone about Daniel or vampires.”
Eli nodded. “I won’t.”
Brock waved at Marty as he left Eli’s condo and heard Marty say, “What is that smell?”
Brock kept moving, taking the stairs down instead of the elevator since he was in a hurry to get home.

By the time Brock walked through the door of his penthouse it was twilight outside. He hadn’t eaten since yesterday but was more concerned with Daniel than himself. He called out, “Dan?” as he walked through his home.
He entered the bedroom and saw a shadowy figure and panicked. Throwing down his overnight bag he struggled to open it to find the cross.
“Brock.”
Hearing Daniel’s soft voice, Brock nearly wept. “Baby…” He opened his arms.
Daniel rushed for him, holding him in his arms. “You are safe.”
Brock held him tight, closing his eyes and pressing his face against Daniel’s soft hair. “I can’t quit you. I can’t.”
“Nor I you.” Daniel rocked him gently. 
“Danny, someone came here last night. He scared the shit out of me.” Brock wiped at his eyes roughly and leaned back to look at Daniel. Since Daniel felt warm and human, he assumed he had fed well and tried not to think of who had been the unfortunate victim.
Daniel appeared concerned, indicating for Brock to go on.
“Who is he, Dan?”
“How did you fight him off?”
“I made a cross.” Brock glanced at his bag. “Out of silver plated butter knives.”
Daniel seemed wary of the overnight bag now, giving it a look of concern.
Brock nudged it under the bed with his foot. “It’s butter knives, Danny. Please…”
Daniel left the room.
When Brock followed him he watched Daniel drop onto the sofa and stare into space.
Brock sat beside him and held his hand, amazed at how warm and lifelike it was after seeing what Daniel looked like hungry.
Finally Daniel said to Brock, “I cannot keep you safe.”
Brock felt his eyes water and he kissed Daniel’s knuckles. “Don’t leave me. I can’t live without you.”
“Then you have only one choice.”
“Anything.” Brock got lost in the green color of Daniel’s eyes.
“Lie with me.”
Brock tilted his head. “Of course. I am yours forever.” Brock stood and reached out to take Daniel into the bedroom to make love.
“No. I do not mean here.”
Tired, hungry, and confused, Brock opened his arms to indicate he had no idea what Daniel meant.
“Come.” Daniel stood up and located Brock’s leather jacket, handing it to him, then stood beside the front door.
“Where are we going?” Brock pocketed his phone and keys.
“We will drive us?” Daniel ran his hand down Brock’s back to his ass.
Chills washed up Brock’s spine. Even Daniel’s touch sent him reeling. “I can.”
“Good. I do not want to tell a cab for hire where we are going, nor my driver.” Daniel opened the door to the penthouse and headed to the elevator.
~
Daniel directed Brock as Brock drove his fancy sports car. A sense of betrayal had given Daniel deep regrets. Just when he imagined a life of companionship and love, everything changed.
While Brock navigated the grid-like streets on their way to their destination, Daniel struggled to recall his life. But over four hundred years of history could not be pieced together easily, and it was the times he had been human back in 1560 that were forever burned into his mind.
A choirboy at King’s College Chapel, rejected by his parents, orphaned, beaten and abused, Daniel did not trust easily, if at all.
When Blake Lowe turned him, waiting until Daniel was in his early twenties, Blake made no apology or explanation to Daniel as to why or what he was. All Blake had said to Daniel was, ‘Now you are mine.’ 
Yes, Daniel was Blake’s companion for a century, but never did Daniel experience the sexual charge between men like he had with Brock.
Brock was addicted to the climax, and when Daniel met him in the club, Brock’s appeal kept men on their knees before him, giving Brock oral sex, sometimes several times in one night.

Daniel looked at his handsome partner, seeing him focusing on the road and the maze of red and green lights at each corner. 
Man-eater…
Brock Hart loved men. Loved the act. Love to climax.
And Daniel lured him with that pleasure. 
One thing Daniel did not expect was for a man as detached and predatory as Brock Hart to fall in love with him. Daniel was convinced it was the sex that was what Brock had become enamored with at first, and then came the emotional attachment.
But Daniel did not previously think he was capable of returning that love.
With love came pain. With love came betrayal.
Daniel came back from his dismal thoughts and pointed, “There. Find a place to put this machine.”
“Car.” Brock laughed at him. “You know what this thing is called. Stop being coy.”
Daniel smirked to himself.
After Brock parked, they left the car and stood looking at a gated entrance.
Brock touched the painted black iron and said, “The Marble Cemetery?”
“Yes.”
“Why are we here?” Brock looked down the alley behind the gate.
“Come with me.” Daniel reached out his hand.
Brock shook the gate. “It’s locked.”
Without a word, Daniel embraced Brock, carrying him over the high, arched metal gate sensing Brock was exhausted from not feeding himself and his worry.
Brock gripped Daniel tightly and the two of them easily climbed over the obstacle. Daniel held Brock’s hand and led him through the narrow path between walls of brick and mortar.
Once they were beyond the buildings to an open area where the few grave markers were placed, Daniel felt Brock hesitate.
“Why am I here?” Brock rubbed his arms like he was cold.
“We have few choices, my love.” Daniel continued to walk over the manicured lawn, kept groomed and spotless. While Brock craned his neck at the tall buildings looming on either side, Daniel made his way to a marker near the back of the small cemetery. He knelt down and dug his fingers under the stone, picking it up and setting it aside. Then he waved Brock closer.
Appearing terrified, Brock inched near, gazing down into a deep cavern space Daniel had opened.
“The vaults are below.” Daniel reached out his hand.
“You…you don’t think I am going to go down there, do you?”
Daniel dropped his hand to his side. “You asked me where I go.”
Shock showed on Brock’s handsome face. “What? Are you kidding me?”
“Kidding you?” Daniel glared at Brock. “First you wonder if I am wearing fake teeth, fake eyes…” Daniel recalled Brock assuming Daniel was wearing a costume when he had met him, and they began ‘dating’. “It was insulting then, it is insulting now.”
“I…I can’t live in a cemetery!” Brock shivered and looked around the darkness. “I have a five-room penthouse!”
“Yes, we can dwell there at night. Of course.”
“We?” Brock backed up.
Daniel shifted the stone to cover the underground vault and stood, brushing off his hands. “Then I have my answer. I am sorry, Brock. We must go our separate ways.”
~
The crush of emotion nearly killed Brock. He threw up his hands. “All or nothing? Are you joking? Why can’t we keep it the way it is?”
“Because you are a creature of the light, and I am one of the night.” Daniel moved closer to Brock, feeling his heat.
“Baby…” Brock’s eyes watered. “I can’t live without you.”
Daniel pointed to the ground. “This is my safe haven. You are the only mortal who knows.”
“Danny, please. Stay with me. You changed back once to human. Let’s try again.”
“My love.” Daniel cupped Brock’s rough jaw. “It was an illusion. You see? How quickly did it pass? No. Though we both hoped your ‘love conquers all’ would be the cure, there is no cure.” Daniel perked up and his eyes narrowed.
Brock jumped out of his skin and grabbed Daniel tighter. “What? What’s there? If you don’t think this place freaks me out enough, think about being here around Halloween!”
“Shh.” Daniel sniffed the air.
“Oh, fuck, oh, fuck.” Brock began to shake, but he could see nothing in the cemetery. Daniel kept making sniffing noises, as if he were a dog, not a person, catching a scent.
Then, before Brock’s eyes, two apparitions appeared, dark and foreboding. Daniel pushed Brock behind him, showing Brock Daniel’s instinct to immediately protect him.
Daniel asked, “Why did you come?” to the men.
Brock shivered and hid behind Daniel, peering at two pale creatures. One Brock recognized from his penthouse, the vampire he had chased away with the homemade cross. He immediately patted his pockets in vain. He didn’t have anything on him, especially since Daniel would be affected as well.
“You brought a fledgling from the west coast,” one said, an older vampire, taller than the one Brock had seen.
“Me. No. I did not. He knew of Jayden. Why don’t you ask Jayden why Lion was in New York?” Daniel kept backing Brock up, as if he knew an attack was imminent.
“Lion was with you last night at a party,” the older one said, “Why do you lie?”
Daniel bristled and replied, “Why do I lie? Jayden told me you had become a human, Blake. That you had married a mortal and were buried in a mortal grave.”
Brock’s trembling began to make him weak. He kept pinching himself to believe this was not a dream. He felt as if he were watching a made-for-television vampire show. 
But…this was no Hollywood set and cast.
“Jayden told you what I wanted him to tell you.” 
The man Daniel called, ‘Blake’ advanced closer. Daniel backed up to connect them, as if by their touching he could protect Brock, but Brock had a feeling two vampires against one, and a weak mortal, was not going to cut it.
“Why?” Daniel asked, inching backwards. 
Brock could see the wall behind them, imbedded with marble tablets against the rough stone.
The smaller of the two vampires, whom Daniel had referred to as ‘Jayden’ said, “Because we know how much of a fool you are, Wolf.”
Brock felt Daniel tense up, insulted as he should be.
Blake said, “A fool to tell a mortal what you are. A fool to think you could live with him and love. We do not love.”
Brock grew angry. “We do! We love each other, you cocksuckers!”
Daniel gave Brock a weary look from over his shoulder. “Don’t help me.”
“Sorry.”
The other two vampires surrounded Brock and Daniel as Daniel continued to back them up to the wall. 
“Where is Lion?” Jayden asked.
“Why do you ask me? He is your friend. Why don’t you find out if he has left? Going back to LA?” Daniel pressed his body against Brock, who was now up against the stone masonry wall. “I told him he is not wanted.”
Brock watched the expressions on the other two’s faces, as Daniel spoke. They were judging his sincerity. Brock had no way to know what was true any longer. He was growing cold in the dark October night, and his idea of cozy was not residing in a cemetery during the Days of the Dead.
“Daniel…can we go home?” He heard both vampires laugh.
“Aww, your mortal is frightened?” Jayden sniffed the air near Brock.
Daniel pushed him away with a straight arm at Jayden’s chest. “He is mine.”
“Where is your silver cross?” Jayden teased Brock, showing his teeth.
Brock cupped his hand over the puncture wounds on his neck. “Daniel, what’s going to happen?”
Blake stood in front of Daniel. “We know how potent his blood is, Wolf. Share him.”
Brock gasped and gripped Daniel’s shoulders from behind. “I’m not potent! I’m a stockbroker!”
Jayden approached again, licking his lips. “You are a man-eater…” he said, slurping, making Brock’s skin crawl.
“What?” Brock knew Daniel had called him that when they first met, but he thought it was a joke. “I do not eat men! What do you think I am, a cannibal?”
Daniel pressed against Brock, pinning him to the wall. “Please do not help me, Brock.”
“Danny! I don’t even fuck other men anymore. I’m just yours.”
Blake tried to touch Brock but Daniel batted his hand away. 
“Yes,” Blake said, “You just make love to Wolf. We know. And that makes you even more desirable. Do you exchange blood?”
Brock whimpered and held Daniel tighter, not allowing Daniel to move. “Danny. Help me.”
“Go find your own human,” Daniel said, “Nothing is stopping you.”
Hearing the wicked laughter of the other two vampires made Brock’s skin crawl. 
“You know how hard it is to get a mortal to befriend us? Let alone, fall in love?” Jayden asked, “How did you do it, Wolf?”
“Oh, God.” Brock hid his face in Daniel’s long hair. “I’m so dead.”
Daniel replied, “Why don’t you nurture your own man? Hmm? No one will fall for you when you do nothing but torture your victims.”
Brock closed his eyes and swallowed black water in his throat from his terror. Torture?
Blake asked, “And what is your secret, Wolf? Hmm?”
“Pleasure.” Daniel pushed both of the other vampires away when they began to close in.
“Danny. Get me out of this.” Brock embraced Daniel from behind, holding him around his waist.
“Pleasure?” Jayden scoffed and Brock heard him sniffing near his ear. 
Daniel shoved him back again. “You are crowding me.”
Blake did not seem to take heed of Daniel’s anger. “How did you give him pleasure?”
“The bite.” Daniel reached his arms out, trying to protect Brock from any attack from the sides.
“The bite.” Blake licked his teeth making Brock shiver and sick to his stomach.
“I make him spurt mortal cum.” Daniel kept Jayden at arm’s length as he spoke to Blake. “You do not savor. You kill, self-indulgent and greedy. Do you not know how pleasing our bloodletting is to mortals? If?”
“If?” Jayden tried to touch Brock and Daniel again pushed him away.
“If you do not go too far.” Daniel looked at Blake. “You are older than I. Surely I do not have this to teach you.”
Brock choked. Older than Daniel? That means the fucker is over five hundred? No way! Brock peeked at him. He appeared to be a man in his fifties, pale, but certainly not ancient.
 Jayden met Blake’s gaze and they both laughed as if it were insane.
Daniel grabbed Brock’s shoulders and held him, staring into his eyes. Brock gasped at the quickness Daniel had spun around to face him. 
“Climax for me, lover.” Daniel gave Brock a powerful glare, then went for Brock’s throat.
“Danny! No!” Brock flailed around at first, pinned to the wall behind him. It was old and the stones flaked and sounded like rain on the dried leaves below. 
But soon Daniel’s bite had its effect. Pleasure.
Colors began to spin around Brock and he went limp in Daniel’s embrace. His cock grew thick and pulsated under his pants. Daniel opened his zipper, releasing it and stroking it.
Brock’s humiliation at being exposed that way vanished to pure indulgence. He thrust his cock into Daniel’s hand and groaned in ecstasy. “Oh, God! Oh, my fucking God!” Brock went limp against the wall and felt Daniel’s mouth sucking on his skin, heard Daniel’s whimpers of delight. 
Brock began to feel ill and weak. He tried to shove Daniel away before he passed out, knowing how close he was. “Danny…”
Daniel kept sucking, fondling Brock’s thick cock as Brock felt climax after climax wash over him, then everything went black.
Chapter 7

Daniel deliberately drained Brock until he lay still on the grass. Heated and powerful from his ‘man-eater’ lover’s hot blood, Daniel didn’t hesitate. He went for Blake first, since he was older, more powerful, and…Daniel’s creator.
Daniel lunged for Blake, latched onto his neck in a death-hold and chewed through his tough skin to drink his magical blood. Jayden went mad behind Daniel, clawing at Daniel’s back to stop him. As Daniel drained Blake, he grew more powerful and kept shoving Jayden away, pushing him, making him stagger backwards.
Daniel met Blake’s eyes while Blake began to weaken. Blake tried to speak but like Lion, his lips moved but nothing was said out loud.
Daniel made sure Blake was helpless and then turned to confront Jayden. Jayden was gone, and so was Brock.
Daniel roared with fury and snapped one of the small trees nearby in half. He held the pointed trunk over Blake and impaled him, having no sentimental attachment to anyone but his human lover.
Blake reacted to the stake in the heart, and arched his back in pain, then became dust and mixed with the damp sod. 
Breathing fire, Daniel stood tall, the tiny sapling in his hand and he sniffed out Jayden.
~
Brock tried to come around from what felt like a deep slumber. He was being carried and felt ice cold and ill from Daniel draining him too much. His cold turned to fever chills and as he sweat, he shivered violently. “Danny, I’m sick. I need to go home.”
He heard a snicker and forced himself to open his eyes. Seeing it was Jayden, not Daniel who had him, Brock panicked. “No! Oh, fuck no!” He tried to fight his way out of Jayden’s grip all the while yelling, “Daniel! Dan!”
“Shut up, you ass!” Jayden made sure Brock’s head hit a wall or something very solid. It felt to Brock as if Jayden were running at a very fast pace. 
He touched his head and where he had gotten slammed and blood was on his fingers, sticky and dark. “What are you going to do with me? Where is Daniel?”
“I said, shut up!”
Brock felt intense pain and choking. He tried to get the hand off his neck, then realized there was no hand there. Jayden was using both arms to carry him.
“Daniel!” Brock hollered, knowing if he did not get help, he was a dead man. “Daniel!”
Jayden stopped running and dropped Brock to the ground, kneeling over him, hissing at him. 
Brock shrunk back at how hideous this creature was, his gaunt cheeks, and pointy sharp teeth. The stuff of nightmares.
“Get the fuck away from me!” Brock used his last reserves of strength to battle Jayden.
When Jayden grabbed Brock’s cock and balls in his hand, Brock froze. “Jesus Christ! You make me sick! Don’t touch me!”
Jayden teased, “No pleasure? Hmm? A mortal who cannot get enough of carnal acts? I thought you’d beg me.”
When Brock went to pry Jayden’s hand off his nuts, pressure increased on his private parts so he stayed still. 
“How does Wolf do it? Huh? How does he make you swoon from sex?”
Brock turned his face away. “You repulsive fuck! Nothing you do will feel good!”
Jayden hissed and bared his teeth.
“Don’t you get it?” Brock cringed at the pain and bent his knees in reflex. “Love! We love each other, you stupid bastard!”
“He will not love a corpse.” Jayden went for Brock’s throat.
“No!” Brock struggled for his life and closed his eyes as he was drained. Images of his and Daniel’s first kiss, first touch, flooded through Brock. 
He knew he was dying. He wondered who would tell Eli he had died.
~
Daniel raced around the corner of a building and spotted Jayden crouching over a still form. “No!” Daniel lunged at Jayden, punching the tree trunk through his back.
Jayden recoiled and writhed, trying to reach behind him to yank it out. 
Then Jayden disintegrated to ash.
Daniel looked down at Brock’s still body and began to weep. He knelt down and cradled him, rocking him, kissing his cheek and lips. “My lover…my lover…”
Daniel picked Brock up in his arms and cradled him, wailing in agony. His life was crashing down on him, and all he held dear was dissolving into blackness.
Daniel brought Brock to a dark alley and slid down the wall to hold Brock in his arms as he wept. “My lover. My man-eater…”
Daniel kissed Brock’s cool lips, ran his mouth over Brock’s unshaven cheek, and wanted to die with him. He balled his fists and punched the ground, beating the concrete below him relentlessly in grief. 
Pounding the ground, skinning his knuckles to shreds, Daniel covered his eyes and sobbed, knowing he could not go on without his Brock Hart.
Love does not conquer all. It murders all.
~
Brock floated in a misty world, looking down on the lights of New York City, seeing the twinkling of stars above and the sparkling of the skyscrapers and jeweled trails of car head and taillights below.
He felt something hitting his mouth, tapping and tapping and could not get away from the annoying sensation. As the tapping increased, Brock felt as if he were falling, falling to earth.
He reached out, bracing himself for the fall and landed on his back. The impact made him open his eyes and as he did, he choked from a warm liquid which was filling his mouth.
“Brock?”
Through a fog Brock heard Daniel’s voice. He could not speak but he felt movement under him. 
“Brock! Drink! Swallow!”
Swallow? Brock never swallowed. Or did he? Daniel? Am I swallowing your cum?
“Brock, my lover, you must swallow!”
Against a gag of revulsion, Brock swallowed a mouthful of a metallic tasting liquid. Dan, your spunk tastes like shit.
“Lover! You are not dead! You are not dead! Drink! My amazing man-eater! Drink!”
Drink? Brock licked his lips in revulsion. What am I drinking? Dan, order me something sweet, will you?
~
Daniel thought Brock was already dead or he would have helped him sooner. Seeing Brock move, even if it was just his mouth, his face twitch, Daniel was so relieved his eyes ran with tears. “Swallow, my love. You know you can.” Daniel cut his wrist with his sharp fangs to allow more blood to flow. And after draining one of the oldest vampires Daniel knew existed, Blake Lowe, Daniel knew Brock was going to be very powerful indeed.
He held his hand over Brock’s mouth and watched his blood run in a thin line between Brock’s teeth. As Brock swallowed he became more animated. He coughed and tried to push Daniel’s hand away. Daniel would not let him, holding his wrist to Brock’s mouth. “Drink. I know it is not what you like. But you must. Drink.”
With his free hand, Daniel went for Brock’s crotch, seeing his zipper open and his dick exposed. He gently caressed his cock, running it through his palm. That was the trick. Magic. 
Brock gripped onto Daniel’s arm and sucked strong hard pulls against Daniel’s veins.
“That’s it.” Daniel cupped Brock’s balls and then stroked Brock’s length which was now stiff. “Ahh, now we have it. The pleasure is back.” Daniel smiled through his tears and felt as if he were holding a newborn baby, suckling it. He kissed Brock’s forehead which went from cold to burning hot. 
Brock arched his back and his heels skid on the ground below as his cock began to pulsate. Daniel aimed it to the side so neither he nor Brock would be coated in the cum. “That’s my man-eater. Yes, the pleasure of your groin. So wonderful.”
Brock moaned and his eyebrows knotted with his climax.
Daniel tugged his wrist away and held it to close up the slice. 
A whimper of disappointment came from Brock but he licked his lips and slowly opened his eyes.
“Hi, Danny.”
“Hello, my dearest.” Daniel caressed Brock’s hair, nestling him close on his lap.
“Are we in bed?”
“No. We are not. But soon.”
“I can’t recall what happened.” Brock tried to sit up.
Daniel helped him and pointed to Brock’s exposed cock. Brock tucked himself in and closed his pants then looked at his hands. “I’m confused.”
“I know.” Daniel watched how beautiful the blood had made Brock. He was no longer pale, sick, or weak. Quite the opposite.
Brock touched his neck and asked, “Where is the bite mark?”
“Healed.”
“What time is it?”
“Questions, questions…Mr Hart is always filled with questions.” Daniel laughed softly.
Brock used the wall to get to his feet, unsteady and slightly awkward. “It looks like New York.”
“Yes. It is.” Daniel stood beside him, making sure Brock was dressed properly and his face was not sooty or smudged.
“Did I sleepwalk?”
“No. You don’t recall driving me?”
“Oh. Did I? Where did I park?” Brock dug into his pockets and removed a set of keys and his phone. “Wow. Did you make me black out?” He put the items back into his pockets. “I told you not to drain me like that.”
“It will never happen again.” Daniel held his hand and started walking with him.
“You say that, and then we both get carried away.”
“I will not drain you like that again.”
“Sure, Dan. Sure.” Brock shook his head. “Were we out to dinner? I can’t remember.”
Daniel knew how much Brock loved his alcohol and human food. “No. We were not.”
“Are you sure? I should be hungry.” Brock rubbed his belly. “But I’m not.”
“No. Not after all you swallowed,” Daniel said, smiling. “You are not going to be hungry.”
“Swallowed?” Brock nudged him. “You rarely let me suck your cock. You told me you get off more on biting me.”
“True.” Daniel smirked. “And perhaps now you can bite me.”
“Ha. Ha.” Brock looked up and asked, “Why are you bringing us to this cemetery?”
“Well, you parked your machine on the other side of that gate.”
“My machine.” Brock laughed. “Dan, will you ever come out of the sixteenth century?”
“Perhaps one day.” Daniel stopped at a stone imbedded in the sod. “Before we go to your home, you must see this.”
Brock nodded, putting his hands into his pockets.
Daniel crouched down and removed the stone.
“Hey, careful. You can’t deface this place. It’s really old.”
“Yes. I know how old this cemetery is.” Daniel shifted the oblong stone over and gestured to the hole. “Come.”
“Come? Down there?”
“Yes. Jump.” Daniel grabbed Brock and pushed him into the gap, knowing Brock would not get hurt, nor he would jump in voluntarily.
~
Brock yelled in panic as he dropped through a hole in the ground. He landed on his feet and tried to steady himself. “That was fucking weird.”
Daniel was suddenly standing beside him, lighting a candle. When it was lit, Brock could see a small ‘room’ pleasantly furnished with a bed covered in a dark gothic style spread.
“Huh. Whoever would have thought this would be so cool down here.” Brock walked around the small perimeter, checking out the furniture and tiny knickknacks and baubles collected on the dresser.
“This will be where we shall sleep during the day. It has sufficed for centuries.”
Brock laughed and shook his head. “Sleep? I’m not sleeping here. I have a penthouse.”
“I’m afraid you can’t sleep there in the daylight, my lover.”
“Well, no. I have to work during the day.” Brock picked up a tiny object. When he inspected it he found it to be a tooth from a large mammal. 
“Brock Hart, look at me.”
“Yes, Daniel Wolf.” Brock put the tooth down and humored him.
Taking both of Brock’s hands in his, Daniel said, “Do you recall my reaction the morning I thought I was human? In your bed? In your penthouse?”
“Yes…” Brock chuckled. “You were adorable.”
“Well. I am afraid it is time for you to become ‘adorable.’”
Brock tilted his head in confusion. “Huh?”
“Brock.” Daniel made sure he had Brock’s undivided attention. “Jayden drained you near death.”
Brock heard the name and it did sound familiar, but he didn’t comprehend what Daniel was saying.
“…when I found you, he was sucking you dry, and not by your male genitals. From your throat. Your blood.”
Chills raced over Brock’s skin as he was beginning to get the implications.
“I staked him, meaning, I drove wood through him and killed him.” Daniel squeezed Brock’s hands. “To keep you, I would slay dragons.”
Brock looked around the small vault, trying to piece it together, but he had no recollection of an attack.
“Just when I thought you were lifeless, you came back to me.”
“Daniel, I’m fine.”
“Brock…you are a vampire.”
It took a moment for Brock. He repeated the line Daniel had said in his head and then laughed. “No. I can’t be. I don’t feel anything odd.”
“Because you are well fed, and healed. You will feel ‘odd’ when you are hungry or near sunlight.”
“Huh?” Brock released Daniel’s grip and touched his own face. “No. What? No.” Brock looked at his hands and nails. They appeared normal. “Why are you scaring me? Is it because it’s Halloween?”
“My lover, no. It is because it is true. So we must go to your luxury home, and bring back what you need.”
“What? I’m not living here.”
“You must, but only for the daylight. At night your home will be ours to enjoy.”
Brock backed up and again looked at his hands. “Come on, Daniel. I think the joke has gone far enough. I’m scared, okay? Now tell me ‘Boo’ and let’s go home.”
“Come then. We must drive home to get you some fresh clothing.” Daniel held Brock’s hand.
When Daniel leapt straight up, out of the hole, Brock gasped and landed beside the opening, while Daniel covered it with the stone. Brock tried not to believe anything Daniel said, simply because it was crazy.
He noticed his car outside of the black iron arched gate. Daniel leapt over it so easily it was as if he flew. Brock began to climb it like an ordinary man and Daniel said from the other side, “Just leap.”
“I can’t jump that high.”
“I’m afraid you can.”
Brock gave him an exasperated look and managed to scramble his way over the metal gate and to the other side. He used the key fob to unlock his car and sat behind the wheel, as Daniel climbed into the passenger’s side. Brock adjusted the rearview mirror and tried to take a look at himself. There was nothing to see. He flipped the visor down and waved in front of the mirror. Nothing was there.
“No! Oh, you have to be kidding me!” Brock started the car, turning on the dome light and using every mirror the car possessed. “No way!”
Beside him, Daniel let out a low sigh. “I did what I had to do. You would now be dead.”
“I can’t see myself in the mirror? How will I shave?”
“You won’t shave again.”
Brock touched his scruffy jaw. “Are you kidding? I have to stay like this?”
“It’s very sexy. You reek of man.” Daniel smirked. “Man-eater.”
Brock again tried to see himself in the mirror. “Okay, hang on. Hang on.” He held up his hand, shut off the interior light and tried to think. “I can’t work.”
“Not during the day. But, my lover, you do not have to work.”
Brock held up his hand to gesture for Daniel to stop talking. “I can’t eat. I can’t drink, and I can’t play racquetball or workout with Eli?”
“You can do the last one. At night.”
Brock put the car in gear. “I don’t believe this.” He began to drive home.
“Believe it. You are immortal. Trust me. It isn’t all bad. And I did it without the love. You have my love.”
Brock thought about it and glanced at Daniel. “I was dying.”
“Yes. I thought you had already died.”
“Jayden, that other vampire. He drained me?”
“Correct. Drained you to the point of dying.”
Brock slowed for a red traffic signal along with dozens of yellow cabs surrounding him. He thought about it. “So, instead of watching me die, you saved me.”
“Yes.”
Brock grew emotional and gripped Daniel’s hand, kissing his knuckles. “Thank you.”
“Life will never be the same. As a matter of fact, there is no more ‘life’ for you. You will be like me when we first met.”
“Mmm,” Brock purred as he continued through the intersection. “If I remember right, you were the hottest fucker in town.”
Daniel laughed softly. “Now you will be. Man-eater.”
When Brock smiled he felt something strange in his mouth. He used his tongue to touch his canine teeth. “My teeth?”
“Fangs. Yes. In time they will be as pretty as mine.” Daniel squeezed Brock’s thigh.
“And the sex?” 
“Ooh, the sex between us will be like nothing you ever imagined.”
“Magic?” Brock smiled as he looked over at Daniel, who seemed to glow with light.
“Pure sexual magic, my lover. I will make sure you are satisfied.”
Brock drove the streets of the Big Apple, knowing Manhattan like the back of his hand. He tried to think about all the implications. Should he be mad? No. Daniel saved him. Love saved them both.
“Will Eli and Adrian know?” Brock pulled into the lot of his penthouse home.
“Did you know it of me?”
Brock did not. He parked in his garage and they both exited the car, walking to the lobby and elevator. As they waited for the elevator to hit the parking garage level, Brock tried to understand all the changes that were going to occur in his life. He had always been a ‘night owl’ and Daniel was so wealthy, Brock chose to work simply because he wanted to. But, what would change?
They rode up the elevator to the thirtieth floor. He opened the lock with the key and entered, looking around. “What do I do when I am ‘hungry’?” He used air quotes.
“You feed.”
“On blood?”
“Yes. But I know you. You will use your charm. No need to kill, lover. You know that. Just a taste.” 
Brock walked through his living room and stopped short, looking at his overnight bag which was sticking out from under the bed. “Shit.”
Daniel stood behind him, peering at it. “Yes. And there is that. No religious objects. You see now?”
Brock did. He had no idea how he was going to deal with the knife cross he had made. He avoided the bag and entered his bathroom, turning on the light. The mirror showed nothing.
“This is so odd!” Brock touched his cheek and leaned closer, seeing the shower stall behind him. “I don’t mean to sound vane, Danny, but, I will miss looking at myself.”
“Vanity indeed!” Daniel teased him, leaning on the doorframe, rolling his eyes. “So many men will tell you how desirable you are, you will have no use for mirrors.” Daniel looked into the bedroom behind him. “And you have photos.”
“True.”
“I have few photos.” Daniel frowned.
“We took some on our vacation.” Brock filled his kit with toiletries.
“Brock?”
“Huh?” Brock looked at him.
“There is no running water in the vault. We will shower here.”
“What? No toilet?”
Daniel raised his eyebrow. “You no longer need one.”
“Are you kidding me?”
“Again he thinks I am joking.” Daniel threw up his hands and left Brock’s view.
Brock stared at nothing in the mirror, running his hand over his head. “Wow. This is going to be one strange trip!”
“My lover…” Daniel said, peering into the room, “You have no idea.”
Chapter 8

The long October night was still young.
Brock and Daniel made a quick trip to the cemetery to drop off the items Brock would need, then returned to the penthouse.
They avoided the cross in the overnight bag by using a broom handle and throwing it out of a window which faced the alley between buildings.
Once that was accomplished, Daniel stood in Brock’s living room and said, “Time to play?”
Brock looked at his phone. “I’m being text to death.”
Daniel leaned against Brock’s shoulder to read the words on the phone. “Ahh, yes. Eli and Adrian.”
“Eli is at the club with Marty, and Adrian keeps asking me where Lionel went.”
“Be careful with Eli, for he will notice your teeth, and you tell Adrian, you have no idea where the Dom Master has gone.”
“Got it.” Brock winked. “Hey, I can suck cock, but can’t swallow?”
Daniel pushed Brock in annoyance. “You never sucked. You got sucked.”
“True.” Brock laughed and it sounded wicked. He liked it. He’d always been a predator. “Party on!” Brock locked the penthouse behind them, and they headed down to the lobby to flag down a taxi cab. While they did, Brock text Adrian, ‘I have no idea where Lionel is, sorry. And I am quitting work. Danny has finally convinced me to live the life of luxury.’
Adrian text back, ‘Just as well. Brian was jealous of the Dom, and well, if you’re quitting so am I.’
Brock read the text as he climbed into the back of the cab with Daniel. As Daniel told the driver the address, Brock text back to Adrian, ‘Good for you. I never did know why a millionaire worked for a living.’
‘To be near you! Ha!’
Brock laughed and Daniel asked, “What is funny?”
“Adrian. He said if I’m not working, neither is he.”
“That man is in love with you.” Daniel pouted.
“We were blowjob buddies. You knew that. Not now.” Brock pocketed the phone and relaxed, putting his arm around Daniel. “You’re my main squeeze, hot stuff.”
“Mm.” Daniel licked Brock’s cheek. “Purr.”
“I owe you my life.” Brock knew the driver was listening but never did care what others thought of him.
“Consider it paid in full.” Daniel brought Brock’s hand to his mouth, sucked on his middle finger and nipped it.
“Ouch!” Brock whacked him playfully. 
Daniel licked at the small bead of blood and gave Brock an instant erection.
“You think I’m incorrigible.” Brock laughed and let Daniel suck on his finger.
The driver stopped and Brock read the meter. He tossed cash into the front seat and both he and Daniel climbed out to stand near the long line at the club entrance.
Brock smiled in delight, looked up at the towering sky scrapers and yelled, “Hello, New York!”
Daniel grinned, held his hand, and they moved soundlessly by the bouncer at the door who was collecting cover charges and checking IDs.
“This is so cool!” Brock inhaled deeply and could smell men, sweat, cock, and blood in the dark crowded room.
Go-go boys stood in elevated cages, shaking their goods at the topless men dancing on the floor, as techno music throbbed and lights spun in a dizzying array.
“I want blood.” Brock licked his lips.
“Go. Enjoy, my man-eater.” Daniel kissed him and then nudged him away. 
Brock rubbed his hands together in glee and began dancing with the pretty boys.
~
Daniel watched closely, knowing Brock had no idea how powerful he was or how easily he could be discovered and kill a man. He kept to the shadows and witnessed his strikingly beautiful lover immediately do what he used to do before Brock and he were partners…he found a willing male.
Seeing Brock wink, tilt his head to the men’s room at an attractive young blond who was wearing nothing but threadbare jeans, Daniel trailed them.
Both men entered the dimly lit bathroom, which was bathed in blue light to prevent junkies from finding veins and shooting up in the stalls.
Brock coaxed the young man into an unoccupied stall and closed the door. Daniel entered the one beside them, climbing on the toilet and looking over the divider. His man-eater had his cock out, and the young man was sucking it. Brock immediately sensed Daniel and looked up at him, throwing him a kiss, then Brock craned his finger at Daniel to join him.
Daniel couldn’t love him any more than at that moment. None of his vampire peers ever shared a meal with him.
Daniel quickly hopped down and opened the next stall door. The young man looked over his shoulder at Daniel and said, “Wow. I hit the jackpot tonight!” He yanked his jeans down and offered Daniel his ass as he resumed sucking Brock’s dick.
Daniel crouched down and took a nip at the pretty blond’s bottom, scratching the skin of the surface. The young man made a small sound but didn’t seem to mind. Daniel began sucking the blood through the scratch, holding the young man’s hips. 
The young man started to get vocal as he felt the pleasure of Daniel’s contact. 
When Brock’s cock dropped from the young man’s mouth, Brock drew the young man to his lips to kiss. More moaning followed and Daniel stopped drinking, seeing Brock in a blood swoon. 
The young man began to climax, so Brock directed his cock to the wall, spattering it instead of himself.
“Stop,” Daniel whispered. 
Brock parted from the young man’s mouth and Daniel could see blood on Brock’s lips. 
“Dude,” the young man said, appearing drowsy. “You guys are awesome.”
Daniel pulled the young man’s pants up his rump and patted it. “Off you go.”
Brock nudged the groggy young man out of the stall. 
Daniel closed it behind him and grinned at Brock. “You nipped his mouth?”
“He had a pierced tongue. I just tugged it and it bled. Mm.” Brock laughed. 
Daniel leapt onto him and they kissed, rocking together. “I adore, adore, adore you!”
“Well!” Brock laughed. “Love conquers us!”
Daniel held Brock’s hand and they left the stall. As they did, Daniel could see the young man inspecting the piercing in his tongue in the mirror. Before the young man realized neither he nor Brock could be seen in the reflection Daniel hurried them out. Daniel heard the young man say to Brock, “Thanks for the climax, dude!”
“Anytime!” Brock laughed.
Daniel chuckled to himself and they rejoined the chaos of the dance floor. 
“There is Eli. You must see if he notices.” Daniel urged Brock to walk in front of him.
~
Brock stood before his good friend.
Eli’s expression changed to surprise and he said, “Wow, you look amazing, Brock.”
Brock winked at Daniel secretly.
“So?” Eli asked, Marty leaning close to be able to hear in the loud room, a cocktail to his lips. “Things are good?”
“Perfection.” Brock traced his finger down Eli’s throat.
“Whoa.” Eli laughed and blushed. “You’ll make Marty jealous.”
“No,” Marty laughed as he said, “You’re making Marty hot!”
Brock reached for Daniel and hugged him close with one arm around Daniel’s shoulder.
Eli seemed to be studying Brock, considering the last time they had seen each other, Brock was pale, terrified, and mashing garlic all over Eli’s home.
Seeing Eli’s bewilderment, Brock said to him, “We worked it out. Everything is going to be just fine now. But…”
“But?” Eli asked, glancing at Daniel and then at Brock.
“Do you mind if we play racquetball and swim at the club late on weekends?”
“No. I don’t mind. Why?”
“I just prefer it.” Brock felt Marty nudge him. 
“Do you guys want a drink?” Marty held up his empty glass.
“No,” Brock said, “I think Daniel and I will dance a little.”
Eli expressed exaggerated shock. “Brock Hart does not want booze?”
Brock swung Daniel into his arms and kissed him, then answered Eli, “No. All I want is my man.”
“Wow.” Marty blinked. “You guys could sell tickets.”
Hearing Daniel snicker, Brock muttered, “You have no idea.” He threw a kiss at Eli and led Daniel to the dance floor, holding him close, even though the music was not for slow dancing. They pushed their crotches together and gazed into each other’s eyes.
“You see?” Daniel said, “Not so difficult after all?”
“Wait until he can’t get me out in the daylight.” Brock licked Daniel’s mouth with the tip of his tongue. “Is there any cell phone or internet reception underground in that vault?”
Daniel made a sound of disbelief in his throat and gazed at the go-go boys in the cages.
“I’ll work on it.” Brock embraced Daniel and slow danced with him as the men moving around them became a whirl of color and motion.
He closed his eyes and felt the power and strength of not only his immortal love, but of himself. Nothing frightened him any longer. He had been ‘reborn’.
~
It was still dark at seven a.m. Daniel loved the long winter nights and cool temperatures of fall and winter.
He and Brock entered the building Brock worked in, so Brock could speak to his secretary Bob, about working ‘from home’ from now on.
Daniel kept track of the rising sun and told Brock, “We can’t linger.”
“I know.” Brock opened the door to his office as Bob was just taking off his overcoat to get started with his day.
“Oh, hi, Brock. I was going to get us a couple of lattes.”
Daniel met Bob’s gaze and then pretended to be interested in the newspaper that was sitting on Bob’s desk.
“Look, Bob, I decided to work from home from now on.”
Daniel glanced at the hallway as employees began to arrive for their work day in the surrounding offices.
As Bob and Brock discussed logistics and hours, Daniel spotted Adrian Tripp making his way towards the doorway from the hall. The moment Adrian met Daniel’s gaze he hesitated, then seemed to find the courage to keep approaching.
“Mr Wolf.” Adrian’s attitude was cold, but after all, since Daniel’s arrival on the scene, Adrian and Brock no longer were blowjob buddies.
“Mr Tripp.” Daniel nodded his head slightly in a formal greeting.
“What happened to Lionel? He vanished. I can’t get him on the phone or text?”
“I wouldn’t know. I hear LA breeds very unstable individuals.”
Adrian narrowed his eyes at Daniel. “So, you have no idea. You never spoke to him after meeting him at the Halloween party.”
“Why must I repeat what I have already said?” Daniel did not like this man.
“Adrian.” Brock gave Adrian his attention. “I was just telling Bob about the hours I will be working from home.”
Adrian immediately gave Daniel an accusing glance. “I assume Mr Wolf is the reason for your decision.”
“Yes. Sorry. And during the day Daniel and I will be busy, so you can only catch me at night.”
“What? The stock exchange closes at four. Have you lost your mind?” Adrian crossed his arms over his designer suit.
“No. Finally I found it.” Brock reached out for Daniel. “We have to go.”
“Indeed we do.” Daniel clasped Brock’s hand and kept his eye on Adrian as they left the office.
“Brock,” Adrian said, sounding unhappy. “Are you sure?”
“I’ve never been more certain of anything in my life.” Brock brought Daniel’s hand to his lips to kiss.
Daniel gave Adrian a look of pride and knew he got the prize.
Feeling Adrian’s gaze on his back as they left, Daniel didn’t turn around, thrilled the love he and Brock shared would now be eternal.
Once they were outside on the street, Daniel realized the sun had begun to rise. Brock flinched and covered his face. 
“Come. We have very little time.”
“Are you going to try and flag a cab?” Brock squint his eyes and used his jacket to cover his face. “Christ! That hurts!”
“No time. We must run.”
“Run? All the way to the Marble Cemetery?”
Daniel tightened his grip on Brock’s hand and sped off. 
~
Brock couldn’t believe how quickly they were moving. Cab? Who needed a cab when you could fly like the wind?
The coming sun was beginning to burn him. 
Well, here it is, Brock, your new life. No sun!
No more vacations on the beach, no strolls through Central Park to see the fall colors and kick through dried leaves. Done.
Daniel picked up the slab from the vault and pushed Brock into the hole. He fell and landed on his feet, bending his knees to cushion the drop. Somehow Daniel closed the slab and landed beside him, then lit a candle. 
“Safe now.” Daniel set the candle on a small stand beside the bed.
“Wow. I had no idea.” Brock touched his skin and it felt slightly singed like sunburn.
Daniel drew closer to inspect him. “We cannot do that again. You are not able to withstand any sunlight at all.”
“Am I burned?” Brock had no way of seeing himself.
“No.” Daniel removed his coat and sat on the bed, taking off his boots.
Brock was about to take off his jacket when he checked his phone. “Damn. No reception. You were right.”
“We are underground, Brock. You don’t need to be attached to that thing.” Daniel took off his shirt. “You need to be attached to me.”
Brock looked up at Daniel at the sensual remark. He tossed the phone on the dresser and stripped, leaping on the bed and tackling Daniel. “Vampire fucking? I know it’ll be good.”
“Magic.” Daniel grinned and showed his teeth.
“Oh, fuck yeah, fuck yeah!” Brock gripped Daniel tightly and rolled on top of him. They kissed, dragging their sharp fangs over each other’s tongues and exchanging blood. Brock moaned and went crazy at the pleasure. Before he and Daniel went into an orgasmic swoon and then slept, Brock leaned on his elbow and caressed Daniel’s hair affectionately. “Thanks for saving me.”
Daniel’s expression changed to soft passion. “Where would I be without my man-eater?”
“I love you. So much. You have no idea.” Brock kissed him again.
“Only one thing matters now.”
“What’s that?” Brock ran his hand up Daniel’s thigh, over his cock to his chest.
“That you lie with me.”
As the green color of Daniel’s eyes began to glow, Brock scooped him into his arms. “Forever.”
Daniel sank his teeth into Brock’s neck and Brock threw back his head and howled in ecstasy.

The End
If you enjoyed this story you may also like:

The Vampire & The Man-Eater:
Stockbroker Brock Hart’s idea of fun was getting his rocks off at the local gay nightclub every weekend. He imagined the Rules of Relationships never applied to him, and had no interest in beginning in one. His best friend Eli thought he was crazy to consider sex as a purely recreational sport. And for Brock it was. But soon his playboy image was put to the test. Daniel Wolf set his sights on the handsome businessman. And one bite from the sexy vampire and Brock was hooked. This Man-Eater was soon tamed by a bloodsucker. Never in his wildest dreams did Brock ever imagining falling for anyone, and most certainly not a young man from Sixteenth Century England! But sparks do fly, literally, between the two, and Brock Hart has finally met his perfect match. The only problem is, he’s a vampire. Can love conquer all? It will be a challenge, but one Brock is up for, in so many ways!
Giving up the Ghost

Two men, both victims of a tragic loss one Christmas Eve, can't find peace. As each man suffers with his grief, neither seems able to move on or to find any hope in their lives. Ryan, the artist, paints bloody red canvases in order to cope with the pain of losing his one true love, Victor, while Paul, the violinist, uses music to heal his tortured soul at the lost of Evan, his beloved pianist. When one night Ryan hears piano music coming from a vacant unit next door to his apartment, he receives a visit from beyond the grave that changes his life forever.

Can two men who have suffered the anguish of losing their loved ones, find solace in each other? Or will the tragedy of their lives keep them from starting over.
Black Leather Phoenix

Even at fifteen years of age Gale Hansen knew when his mother dabbled in devil worship, something very bad was going to happen to him. Without realizing it, Gale’s own practice in dark magic opened doors to the shadow world and he lived his life fighting back the sins of his teens. At twenty he was still struggling, trying to keep away from drugs, getting arrested for his violent temper, and lonely for a true heart that would be the guardian angel he needed to bring him into the light.
Jonathan Strickland, the CEO of a bank in Seattle, noticed the handsome young man during a social gathering at a mutual friend, Muriel Brown’s house. Though Jonathan was married and thirty years older than Gale, he bought the young man’s favors with cold hard cash.
During their brief affair, Gale sensed more demons surrounding him than usual and the fight renewed in him to free himself of the satanic curse he’d been saddled with. Sinking deeper and deeper into a doomed relationship with Jonathan, Gale isn’t getting what he needs emotionally from the older man and soon it becomes obvious it’s about money and what Jonathan can get from Gale physically.
All it took was one fateful evening for Gale’s worst nightmare to come true. He wakes from a deep drug-induced sleep with blood on his hands and his life spins out of control.
Locked up for a crime he did not commit, Gale prays for a strong spirit to beat back the gloom and rid him of the curse his mother had brought upon him so long ago when she unleashed the demons of the underworld. And that guardian angel shows up in the unlikeliest of places. The cemetery.
Can Gale free himself from his past and trust someone enough to let go and fall madly in love? Rise up like the Phoenix from the fiery gates to victory or will the devil himself, take the soul Gale promised him so many years ago?
Sometimes the way to get to heaven is by having to go through hell.




 About the Author
Award-winning author G.A. Hauser was born in Fair Lawn, New Jersey, USA and attended university in New York City. She moved to Seattle, Washington where she worked as a patrol officer with the Seattle Police Department. In early 2000 G.A. moved to Hertfordshire, England where she began her writing in earnest and published her first book, In the Shadow of Alexander. Now a full-time writer, G.A. has written over ninety novels, including several best-sellers of gay fiction. GA is also the Executive Producer for her first feature film, CAPITAL GAMES. For more information on other books by G.A., visit the author at her official website. www.authorgahauser.com
www.capitalgamesthemovie.com

G.A. has won awards from All Romance eBooks for Best Author 2010, 2009, Best Novel 2008, Mile High, and Best Author 2008, Best Novel 2007, Secrets and Misdemeanors, Best Author 2007. 
The G.A. Hauser Collection
Single Titles
Unnecessary Roughness
Hot Rod
Mr. Right
Happy Endings
Down and Dirty
Lancelot in Love
Cowboy Blues
Midnight in London
Living Dangerously
The Last Hard Man
Taking Ryan
Born to be Wilde
The Adonis of WeHo
Boys
Band of Brothers
Rough Ride
I Love You I Hate You
Code Red
Marry Me
Timeless
The Farmer’s Son
One Two Three
Three Wishes
COPS
Bedtime Stories
The Reunion
Lie With Me
Hardcore Houston
L.A. Masquerade
Dude! Did You Just Bite Me?
My Best Friend’s Boyfriend
The Diamond Stud
The Hard Way
Games Men Play
Born to Please
Got Men?
Heart of Steele
All Man
Julian
Black Leather Phoenix
London, Bloody, London
In The Dark and What Should Never Be
Mark and Sharon
A Man’s Best Friend
It Takes a Man
Blind Ambition    
For Love and Money
The Kiss
Naked Dragon
Secrets and Misdemeanors
Capital Games
Giving Up the Ghost
To Have and To Hostage
Love you, Loveday
The Boy Next Door
When Adam Met Jack
Exposure
The Vampire and the Man-eater
Murphy's Hero
Mark Antonious deMontford
Prince of Servitude
Calling Dr Love
The Rape of St. Peter
The Wedding Planner
Going Deep
Double Trouble
Pirates 
Miller's Tale 
Vampire Nights 
Teacher's Pet 
In the Shadow of Alexander  
The Rise and Fall of the Sacred Band of Thebes   


The Action Series
Acting Naughty
Playing Dirty
Getting it in the End
Behaving Badly
Dripping Hot
Packing Heat
Being Screwed
Something Sexy
Going Wild
Having it All!
Bending the Rules
Keeping it Up
Making Love
Staying Power

Men in Motion Series
Mile High
Cruising
Driving Hard
Leather Boys


Heroes Series
Man to Man
Two In Two Out
Top Men 

Wolf Shifter Series
Of Wolves and Men
The Order of Wolves
Among Wolves

G.A. Hauser
Writing as Amanda Winters
Sister Moonshine
Nothing Like Romance
Silent Reign
 Butterfly Suicide
Mutley’s Crew



