



Madness Burns
A Collection of Short Horror Stories













By Stevie Kopas















Madness Burns copyright © 2017
by Stevie Kopas
All Rights Reserved.
Cover art by Stevie Kopas
*****
This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. This book may not be reproduced, scanned, distributed, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted by any means without written permission and consent from the author, whether commercial or non-commercial.
This book is a work of fiction. People, places, events, and situations are the product of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental.
*****




Madness Burns — A Collection of Short Horror Stories

Table of Contents

Come In Here
Christmas Grab Bag
Happy New Year
Spencer Family Tradition
The Trial







Come In Here



“Sorry I’m late,” Jill whispered as she crept through the front door, locking it behind her.
It was just past Midnight and she hoped the baby was already sleeping. More so, she hoped that her sister wasn’t angry with her for not arriving home on time, but Maddie was curled up on the couch with a book as usual and smiled when Jill entered the living room.
“How was work?” Maddie asked, marking her page with a bookmark and hopping to her feet, stretching.
“Awful, if I could actually leave when I was scheduled for once I might come home with a better answer.” She sighed. “How’s my little bear?”
“Oh, he’s great, been sleeping like a baby.” Maddie made a face and laughed. “Well, I mean, he is a baby, but you get what I mean.”
Jill chuckled and walked her sister to the door, giving her a big hug before sending her on her way. She was halfway up the stairs to check on baby Louis when her phone blared from her purse in the living room.
“Shit,” she cursed under her breath as she rushed back into the other room, praying that the noise didn’t wake the baby.
She fished the iPhone from her bag and quickly silenced it, looking at the screen.
Unknown Caller.
She frowned, but answered anyway, curious as to who could be calling at this hour.
“Hello?”
She was greeted by loud static on the other end and repeated her greeting only to receive child-like laughter in response.
“Maddie? Is that you?” She asked, but the call immediately disconnected.
Shrugging, Jill put the phone on vibrate and slipped it into her pocket. She started back for the stairs when it began to buzz.
“Seriously?”
She pulled it from her pocket and rolled her eyes when she saw that it was an unknown caller again. She swiped and answered, trekking up the stairs.
“Maddie, this isn’t funny.”
The same static greeted her followed by a child giggling. She rolled her eyes.
“I hope your parents find out what you’re doing and ground you!”
She hung up and stuffed the phone into her pocket once more before heading for baby Louis’ room. Her little bundle of joy was snuggled up and sound asleep. She smiled and leaned into the crib, gently touching his tiny hand.
“Good night, my angel. Mommy loves you,” Jill whispered.
She checked that the baby monitor was on and working before heading for her bedroom.
She changed into some sweatpants and before she could even get her oversized t-shirt over her head, her iPhone buzzed in her jeans on the floor. She let out an exasperated sigh and answered without even looking at who was calling.
“Listen up, you little shit—“
“Come back in here and play with me,” the little girl on the other end said.
“What?” A slight chill ran down Jill’s spine.
“I want to play. Come back.” The little girl giggled, her voice muffled in static.
Jill rolled her eyes and scolded herself for letting it freak her out.
“Go to bed, brat. I’m done playing for the night.”
She hung up and shut the phone completely off; she’d have to set the alarm on the clock for once.
****
Jill rolled over and squinted at the clock: 2:57. She groaned and sat up, she could have sworn she shut the phone off before she went to bed. As her eyes adjusted, she could see the screen read Unknown Caller. Jill tried to decline the call but her screen wouldn’t respond. She hit the power button on the side, but again, the phone did nothing. In a huff, she threw the covers off and went with her only option: answering it.
“What!” She shouted into the phone.
“Come in here,” the little girl whispered through heavy static. “Come in here and play with me.”
“For the last time… Go. To. Bed.”
Furious, Jill double checked and made sure the phone was off this time. She got up and put the iPhone in a pile of clothes in the closet just in case there was something wrong with it and the little brat kept prank calling her. Just as she was getting back into bed, Jill froze; there was static coming from the baby monitor.
She stared at it for a moment, straining her ears for more sound, but there was nothing. She thought about checking on Louis, but he wasn’t crying and she desperately needed the sleep. Settling back into bed, she had just closed her eyes when the static came through the monitor again; this time, child’s laughter followed. Her eyes shot open and her skin broke out in goose bumps. She glanced at the clock before jumping out of bed: 3:00.
With the baby monitor in hand, she crept toward her bedroom door and again she heard the laughter. There was no denying it this time, it was the same laugh she’d heard on the phone.
“Come in here and play with me,” the little girl said.
Jill panicked and the baby monitor fell from her hands, the static screeching from it, louder now. She sprinted from her bedroom and made a beeline for Louis’ door. She charged through and turned on the light, expecting to find someone trying to hurt her baby, but the room was empty. Louis remained fast asleep in his crib.
She checked on her son, making sure he was okay, her heartrate slowly returning to normal. She cursed herself for being so paranoid, she figured whoever had been calling her had somehow hacked into the baby monitor. She would go to the police tomorrow.
As Jill turned to leave the room, the door suddenly slammed shut and her hands flew up to her mouth. She stifled a scream as she read what was written in blood on the opposite wall just before the lights in the room went out:
I knew I could get you back in here. 





Christmas Grab Bag



Jingle Bell Rock floated out of the small office building and to the parking lot every time one of the employees entered the party. Tina Mills sat in her car, watching her coworkers as they met up in the parking lot and exchanged greetings, some walking in together, some chatting in the cold, and all the while, the IT guys passed around a flask. She hadn’t seen any of the other sales people arrive yet and wondered if they’d blown off the party altogether or perhaps they were already inside; all she’d seen so far were the various clerks and techies.
Her hand found its way to the keys dangling from her ignition and she considered starting the car and just heading home. She hated Christmas; she hated the music, the season, and the parties, hell, she didn’t even like most of the people she worked with. This time of year was just another reminder that she’d let another year go by without amounting to much. Her eyes flicked from the keys to the entrance and back again.
“Why am I even here?” She wondered aloud as she turned the key and the engine sputtered to life.
Her least favorite Christmas song blared through the car stereo and something suddenly struck the driver’s side window, startling her. She nearly jumped out of her seat with a scream, but could hear a fit of laughter and see someone doubled over, hands on their knees beside her car.
“Jason, you son of a bitch!” She shouted, turning off the car and opening the door.
The bitter, winter air chilled her instantly, and she hugged her coat around her small frame as she stepped out of the car. Jason stood up straight, a smirk still playing across his lips.
“That wasn’t funny, you jerk! You scared the hell out of me.”
“Ah, you should have seen the look on your face! It was worth it.” He glanced inside the car and pointed at the steering column, the keys still swinging. “You weren’t leaving, were you?”
“Oh, no, of course not. I was just cold.” She forced a smile.
“Here, this should help.”
He pulled a small plastic bottle from his coat and handed it over.
“Peppermint Schnapps,” Tina said, turning the bottle over in her hand. “Gross.”
They exchanged smiles and she took a long swig. She coughed and grimaced at the disgusting taste. Yet another thing she hated about the Christmas season: Schnapps. She quickly took another gulp, the second one going down with ease. He took the bottle back from her, his fingers lingering on hers. She smiled again, suddenly having the urge to pull him into the car and jump his bones right then and there, but he pulled his hand back and nodded at something behind her.
“Just in time,” he said with a wave.
Tina turned to see the three remaining members of the sales department stumbling over to them, already drunk.
“You’re late!” Jason scolded.
“We had to fit in some pregaming,” George shouted, half slurring. “You guys should have joined us.”
Tina rolled her eyes. “There’s more than enough booze inside, besides, I didn’t get the invite.” Her eyes met Sandy’s.
“My bad, T. Don’t take it personal.” Sandy flashed a smile and looped her arm under Tina’s. “It’s freezing out here, why are you two standing around like a bunch of party poopers? ‘Tis the season to get lit!”
The sales team whooped and hollered into the night while Sandy dragged Tina away from her car. She started to protest, but noticed Jason grab her keys and shut the door. She thanked him with a smile and gave in to Sandy, letting out a fake, yet believable, happy cry into the night.
***
The small building had been transformed into a Winter Wonderland, courtesy of Connie in HR. Fake snow adorned the windows and corners of the main room and strands of lights and glittery snowflakes twinkled in every direction. A Christmas tree, larger than necessary, stood in the center of the room surrounded by oversized plush reindeer and expertly wrapped boxes that Tina assumed were for decoration only.
Upon entry, the music had been much too loud, so Tina made a beeline for the makeshift bar Bob had set up. He was a pain in the ass and a cheeseball most days, but he sure loved his Christmas parties and he sure kept the alcohol flowing. Someone whose name she couldn’t recall from customer service was playing bartender and she made haste ordering a double martini.
He set it down in front of her and before she could even say thanks, Sandy appeared at her side, guzzling the drink down. Tina sighed and nodded to the bartender again, signaling she wanted one more.
“Thanks, T!” Sandy shouted into her ear.
This time, Tina took the drink in her hand and made sure to lay claim to it, taking a long, satisfying sip, her lipstick staining the rim.
All around her, employees danced and laughed, downed drinks, and chatted loudly. Her eyes scanned the room and she spotted Bob near the Grab Bag table. Her eyebrows drew together as she studied him, beads of sweat trickled down his forehead and sweat stains left two perfect pancakes under each arm. Concern — no, worry — was etched on his face and he kept rubbing his palms on the front of his pants. It was unlike Bob, he was the king of Christmas parties.
Bob approached the PA and turned down the music, tapping the microphone. A collective groan was let out from the group of employees as they turned their attention to him.
“Good evening, everyone. Glad to see you all here. Just a quick announcement now that the party is in full swing. This year, we’re doing Grab Bag a bit differently, so, allow me to explain before everyone gets too excited.”
He let out a nervous laugh before continuing.
“If you haven’t noticed yet, let me bring your attention to the platform beside the bag of gifts. This year you have a choice of not only which gift you pull from the bag, but you can also decide to press the red button on the platform instead! How exciting!”
There was a brief moment of silence followed by some murmurs from the crowd.
“So, what do we get if we press the red button?” George asked from somewhere in the room.
Bob rubbed his hands together, nervous laughter escaping his lips as he stared out at a sea of perplexed faces.
“Well, that… uh… that would spoil the surprise! You don’t get to know what’s in the grab bag gifts, do you, George? Now, come on, people. Enjoy the party, and… uh… don’t forget about the new option you have at the Grab Bag table!”
He turned the music back up, but Tina could still hear people complaining or laughing at him.
“Whatever,” Sandy mumbled.
“Last year I got two hundred bucks out of that grab bag, I’m not pressing some stupid button,” the bartender said, handing Sandy a drink.
“Yeah, but maybe it’s a weird way of deciding who gets a raise this year. I’m pressing it.” Sandy looked at Tina. “What about you?”
Tina ignored her, continuing to watch Bob as he greeted people that approached the table. He almost looked like he was pleading with them to press the button as most employees seemed to opt for the bag of mystery gifts instead.
“Tina,” Sandy poked her. “Are you pressing the button or what?”
“I haven’t decided yet,” she responded without looking at her.
“Oh, God, you’re so boring.” She gave Tina a slight shove, drawing out her last word. “I’m going to find George. Catch ya later.”
Sandy blew Tina a kiss before dancing off into the crowd.
Tina found a spot against the wall and stood there watching Bob for some time, enough to gulp down two more martinis. His disappointment became increasingly evident as more and more employees continued to choose the bag over the button. She spotted Sandy and George at the table now and a look of relief seemed to wash over her boss as both sales people opted for the button. He shook both their hands and her coworkers exchanged looks of amusement. A few moments passed and two accounting reps stopped by the table to press the button as well. It didn’t seem like enough for Bob, though, as he checked his watch frantically. Suddenly, Tina saw him look around before disappearing down the Admin hall. Something strange was going on with Bob, that was for sure.
Curiosity got the best of her and she started off toward Admin, she wasn’t typically the nosy type, but a few drinks in her and she was like a different person. She’d made it across the main room when Jason suddenly appeared in front of her.
“Where have you been hiding?” He asked with a smile, a drink in each hand.
He’d startled her again, the rest of her drink spilling down her blouse.
“God damn it, Jason,” she sighed.
He held out one of his drinks. “Good thing I brought two. Now, let’s get you cleaned up.”
He cocked his head toward the bathroom and she sighed again, following him.
They stood at the sink in the unisex bathroom and Jason dabbed a wet paper towel onto her shirt. His fingers traced the buttons on her blouse, popping one open and caressing her soft skin.
She giggled, a little bit tipsy, a little bit enamored. It had been over a week since they’d been together; a long week of Tina scolding herself for continuing her affair with a married man and a long week of finally working up the courage to ask him to leave his wife. She was done sneaking around and she’d finally made up her mind about how she felt about him. His face moved toward hers and she felt her heart speed up when the bathroom door burst open and one of the IT guys came charging into the room. Before Tina or Jason had a chance to react or spit out some excuse, the guy threw himself into one of the stalls and began projectile vomiting into the toilet.
The pair stifled their laughter at the sink and Jason gave Tina a nudge toward the door. She scurried from the bathroom and ran smack-dab into Bob, the owner looking a little worse for wear.
“Bob!” She shouted, realizing she might be drunker than she initially thought.
“Miss Mills,” he said, his eyes wide. “Glad you could make it. It… uh… it looks like you’re enjoying yourself.” He glanced down at his watch, visibly nervous. “Have you stopped by the table yet? Don’t forget about the button!”
“What’s wrong, Bob? You don’t seem to be in the Holiday spirit this year.” Her eyes narrowed.
“Oh, it’s nothing, nothing. Uh… you know how it is, had to check my email. A manager is never off the clock!” He forced out a chuckle. “So, I… uh… I have to be getting back to the party now, Tina. Grab Bag ends in thirty minutes! You can’t miss it!” He looked frantic, almost panicky.
“Sure, Bob. Wouldn’t miss it for the world.”
He hurried back toward the main room and called back to her.
“The red button, Miss Mills! Don’t forget, you have options!”
She shook her head and looked down the dark hall at the quiet, empty offices, the curiosity nipping at her heels once again, and she gave in. She glanced around to make sure no one was watching and entered Bob’s office. A lamp in the corner cast an eerie glow around the room and Tina felt a sudden chill as she approached Bob’s desk.
What’s got him so worried? She wondered, setting her drink down on the desk and settling into his seat.
She stared at the mouse for a moment, wondering if she was letting curiosity take her too far. If someone caught her going through Bob’s computer she’d be written up for sure, or worse, fired. She racked her brain for what could have her boss in such a state, and then it dawned on her: end of the year is always when companies gave people the axe. Could the company be downsizing? What if the red button was Bob’s way of picking who was getting fired?
No, she thought to herself, surely Bob wouldn’t break the bad news at a Christmas party, and not with some stupid button. Besides, over the past couple of years the company had been more successful than ever with record breaking sales numbers. 
Lost in her thoughts, Tina hadn’t even noticed Jason sneaking into the room.
“I think Santa would put your name on the naughty list for this,” he whispered, closing the door behind him.
She jumped. “Would you please stop sneaking up on me!”
He chuckled and made his way toward her. “What are you doing in here, anyway?”
“Something weird is going on with Bob.”
“Isn’t Bob always weird?” He raised an eyebrow as he came around to her side of the desk, pulling the chair toward him.
Tina cast all curiosities and worries about Bob aside as Jason dropped to his knees before her and pulled her into him. Their mouths met and Tina’s heart pounded. He kissed his way down her neck and slid a sneaky hand up her skirt, his fingers finding their way to her panties. Tina suddenly stopped him and pulled back.
“What is it, what’s wrong?” Jason asked.
“There’s something I need to talk to you about.”
She bit her lip, suddenly anxious.
Was she stupid to think he would leave his wife for her? They’d been seeing each other for so long now, he had to feel the same way she did. 
“Whatever it is,” he whispered into her ear, “I’m sure it can wait.”
He smirked and resumed kissing her, she felt his hands moving back up her thighs and fought the urge to give in to him, stopping him once more.
“Jason, seriously.”
Their eyes met and he threw his hands up. “Alright, alright.”
She couldn’t help but smile and move in closer to him, wrapping her arms around his shoulders. She stared long and hard into his chestnut eyes and he stared back at her. This was it, she was sure he felt the same. She would finally tell him.
“Jason,” she took a deep breath in, mustering up all her courage. “I’m in love with you.”
She planted her lips on his, but he didn’t kiss her back. Instead, he sighed, shaking his head and pulling away from her.
“God damn it, Tina, of all the times.”
Tina frowned, confusion and embarrassment creeping up on her.
“I don’t understand,” she started, her face growing warm. “I… I thought you felt the same.”
He took a deep breath in and closed his eyes for a moment.
“Tina, my wife is pregnant. I was going to wait until after Christmas to tell you, I… I’m sorry. We have to end this.”
Tina’s arms dropped to her sides and she sunk back into the chair.
“Pregnant,” she mumbled, staring ahead in disbelief.
“I’m sorry to tell you this way, I really am. If I had known you felt this way I would have ended things a long time ago. We were having fun, that was all this was supposed to be.”
She heard his words, but she wouldn’t look at him. Tears welled up in her eyes and she balled up her fists.
“Get out,” she spat.
“Tina, please, let’s—.”
She shoved him away from her.
“I said get out!”
“Okay, okay,” he put his hands up again in defeat and stood up. “I’m sorry, Tina, I really am.”
She said nothing, she just looked away as he threw the door open and marched from the room. All I Want For Christmas Is You floated into the room and Tina couldn’t stop the tears from flowing down her face. She hated that stupid song, it had always been her least favorite song, and this was literally the worst time it could be playing.
In a fit of emotion, Tina shoved a stack of paperwork off the desk and sent it flying to the floor. She threw some pens across the room with one hand and swatted the computer mouse away with the other. The monitor on the desk flickered to life and caught her attention.
Tina’s previously cast aside worries about Bob returned as her tantrum ceased and her eyes fell upon her boss’s Outlook inbox.
A particular subject line sparked her interest: I want my souls, Bob.
She narrowed her eyes as she moved her hand to the mouse and double clicked the email. It was a thread of messages between Bob and an unknown sender that had begun sometime last month.
I see things have been working out well for you and your company, Bob. I hope you remind yourself from time to time who’s to thank for that. Remember the deal this year, five souls by Christmas or they all belong to me. You understand, don’t you, Bob? I’ve got a business of my own to run.
Tina continued to read the emails, uncovering more of the mystery, yet she was unable to convince herself that what she was reading was real. Bob had made a deal with the devil to save his business, no wonder the sales had suddenly spiked, but did the devil really use email? And was Bob really that much of a coward that he would trick people into damning their souls with a stupid, red button?
She shook her head, if this really were true, then those poor bastards from accounting, along with George and Sandy, were doomed. And if Bob didn’t get a fifth person to press the red button tonight, then they’d all suffer at the hands of the devil himself.
“This is insane,” Tina said, grabbing her drink from the desk and guzzling it down.
“That’s what I thought too, at first,” Bob replied from the door.
Tina looked up, her eyes wide and her palms sweaty.
“Bob, I wasn’t… I was… uh… I just—”
“I know you read the emails, Miss Mills.” He nodded. “It’s alright, somebody was bound to find out sooner or later. I just figured someone in HR would be the culprit.”
“So, this is for real?” She raised her eyebrows.
He nodded.
“Bob, what on Earth were you thinking? Who makes a deal with the devil? Those are innocent people out there pressing that button!”
He looked down in shame. “Trust me, I don’t feel good about it, but they had to do it themselves, who am I to choose? It’s either five of you or all of us. I’m sorry, but that’s just the way it is.”
Tina was still in shock, it had to be a joke. Right? She glanced down at the clock, there were still ten minutes left for the Grab Bag, she wondered if that’s when Bob’s time ran out.
“Bob, did a fifth person press the button?”
He shook his head. “Please, you have to help me. You have to help all of us.”
She bit her lip, she didn’t know if this was real or not, but she knew she’d rather be the butt of some horrible office prank come Monday morning than find out they were all going to hell tonight. She knew what she had to do.
Tina marched back out into the party, the music was blasting and everyone was wasted, but it still had that Winter Wonderland charm that Connie in HR was aiming for.
Good job, Connie. Tina smiled, this was her chance to do something worthwhile this year.
These people didn’t deserve to die, their souls condemned to an eternity of suffering. Sandy, George, and the other two, they’d unknowingly fallen into a trap, there was nothing Tina could do to save them, but she could save the others. She would.
She approached the grab bag table and stared at the red button on the platform, her eyes dancing back and forth between the bag and the button as she walked. The last few drunken stragglers found their way to the table and fished around for a mystery gift in the bag. She could have simply asked any one of them to press the button, but her mind was already made up.
“Jason,” her hand came to a rest on his shoulder as she arrived at the table.
He turned and looked at her, his eyes revealing a combination of sadness and shame.
“Hey,” he said softly, “I didn’t think you’d ever talk to me again.”
She gave him a sad smile. “It’s okay, let’s just forget whatever happened between us and move on. Sound good?”
He perked up. “Really?”
She nodded. After tonight, everything that happened between them wouldn’t matter anyway. She stepped past him and found herself in front of the button. She thought of her long, drawn out affair with Jason. While it had been good, she knew she’d been kidding herself the entire time. He was a married man, and now, he was a married man with a pregnant wife. She’d never be anything more to him than a fuck toy. Her hands began to shake and she felt sweat forming on her upper lip. She glanced up to find Bob staring at her from across the room. He nodded and she returned the gesture.
“Jason,” she looked at him as he reached for the grab bag. “I think you should press the red button.”
He chuckled, dropping his arm and grabbing his drink up from the table; he finished it off in one swig.
“Sure,” he said with a shrug. “Why the hell not? Not like I need anything from the grab bag anyway.”
He slapped his hand down on the red button and laughed again.
“I’m gonna grab another drink, see you around?”
She nodded and gave him a weak smile. She reached into the Grab Bag, pulling out the last present. She stared down at it, wondering what was inside.
“Who cares,” she mumbled, tossing the present aside.
Bob made his way to the PA and announced that it was time for everyone to open their gifts and for the party to start winding down. He asked that the five people who pressed the red button please remain at the office and wished everyone a Merry Christmas. Tina could tell he was in much higher spirits now.
Shouts of joy circled the room as employees opened their gifts and coworkers shouted Bob’s praises. The customer service rep at the makeshift bar soon hollered last call and was met with groans and grumbles. Tina waited patiently by the door in her coat as people began to leave. The last two, Connie from HR and another lady, offered to walk Tina out, but she politely declined. Tina noticed Bob watching her as she left behind the other two, even from across the office she could make out the words he whispered.
“Thank you.”
***
Tina waited behind some bushes for Bob to lock the doors. He poked his head out and checked that the coast was clear and then hurried with his keys in the lock. She darted from the shrubs and made her way around the side of the building. She hoisted herself up onto the wide window ledge, wiping frost away from the glass so she could get a better look inside.
Bob stood at the grab bag table; Sandy, George, the two accounting reps, and Jason on the other side. They looked confused, and then suddenly angry, but both confusion and anger were replaced by sheer terror as soon the floor began to crumble away and the building began to shake. Tina stifled a scream as she nearly fell from the ledge where she sat. She gripped the ledge, steadying herself with both hands, and held on for dear life as the building continued to violently tremble.
Her eyes went wide as she watched an enormous hole in the floor open up and magma began to spew toward the ceiling. Bob sat silently as the others screamed in horror. One of the accounting reps lost his footing and fell into the hole, his cries for help cut short as his body was enveloped in a burst of flame and molten rock. Sandy tried to run for the door, but a whip made of fire emerged from the hole and wrapped itself around her ankle. She cried out in agony, the whip melting her flesh away as it pulled her toward the hole. She screamed and clawed at the ground to no avail. Sandy’s skin began to melt off her body and her clothes went up in flames as she grew nearer to the hole in the Earth and was finally sucked down, gone from this world.
Bob remained calm, his arms now outstretched, he seemed to be chanting something with his eyes closed.
Jason and George were frozen in terror, the accounting rep fell to his knees and cried out for God to show mercy and two enormous vines emerged from the hole and wound themselves tightly around his arms. They tightened and pulled in different directions and the accountant let out a blood curdling scream as his arms were ripped from his torso. Blood erupted from each hole at his shoulder like two active volcanoes. He collapsed forward, still screaming, straight into the hole. The fire welcomed him with another burst of flame.
Bob’s chants grew louder, even over the pure hellfire and chaos in the office building Tina could hear him now. It sounded like gibberish, but she was witnessing the gates of hell being opened, so she could only imagine that he was speaking to the devil himself.
George, knowing that there was no point in fighting the inevitable, crossed himself and whispered a prayer before diving headfirst into the pit of despair. The flames once more increased in size as they accepted the sacrifice and soon the whole room seemed to be on fire. Tina looked on, her jaw hanging open, as Jason began to cry for help. Suddenly, his eyes fell on the window she was peering through.
“You did this!” He screamed, pointing an accusing finger at her.
She couldn’t look away, even as the fire spread to where he stood and his body was engulfed in the flames. He continued to scream and curse her name as his skin seemed to drip away. Finally, his cries gave way to a pathetic, garbled noise until what was left of Jason made no more sound and his body became one with the flame.
In an instant, as quickly as it had appeared, the hole in the Earth began to close, the flames retreating back from whence they came, and the office was back to normal. Connie’s Winter Wonderland looked almost perfect, the lights still twinkling and the fake snow seemingly untouched. The only thing that was awry was the Christmas tree on its side.
Bob noticed the tree and put his hands on his hips, shaking his head. He struggled to get it upright, but eventually he managed to sit it back up. He nodded at a job well done and retreated to his office down the Admin hall.
Tina sat staring long after Bob had gone, her mouth still agape, and she still struggled to believe what she had just seen.
There was definitely no denying it, Bob had made a deal with the devil and the devil had made good on his claim to five souls. Tina was a part of it now, but at least she had saved everyone else in the office. At least she had saved herself.
She finally managed to pull herself away from the window and made her way to the car. Her cell phone sat in the passenger seat still on the charger. As she started up the car, that stupid Mariah Carey song began to blare again and the phone screen lit up; she had a new email from an unknown sender.
Tina, I think you and I have a future in business together. I’ll be in touch.






Happy New Year



Christmas was supposed to be different this year.
Just last week I’d arrived back in my home town for the Holidays. I didn’t tell anyone I was coming, I just left Garrison and decided to go back home.
I was going to set things right.
I hadn’t talked to my sister, my only living kin, in years, and I hoped that we could set our differences aside and become a family again. Whatever friends I once had, I was going to make things right with them as well, but on the days leading up to Christmas Eve last Saturday, I found that no one was returning my calls or responding to my texts. Facebook messages went unanswered and even when I dropped by my sister’s house and rang the bell, only the little, barking dog beyond the locked door was there to greet me.
I ended up at a diner, eating a simple meal alone on Christmas Eve. The place was dead, save for my waitress. I could see her eyeing me with pity as she stared at me shoveling mashed potatoes and gravy into my mouth. Christmas music played on the old speakers, reminding me that this was just another year that I’d spend alone during what was supposed to be the most wonderful time of the year. The waitress sat down across from me in the small booth and slid a chocolate milkshake to me.
“On the house,” she’d said with a smile.
I smiled back, she’d reassured me that while my old hometown had changed immensely while I’d been gone, there was still good here. For the remainder of my meal she’d sat with me, at first making small talk, but then we got to know one another. She was a simple woman named Gladys, a churchgoer and a volunteer on most weekends down at the children’s center. I told Gladys my story, expecting her to run off and abhor me just as the rest of the people in my life had done without reason, but she told me a story of forgiveness and placed her hand on mine.
“Everyone deserves a second chance.”
That’s where I got my idea for the New Year’s Eve party. Gladys was a genius. A party was the best way to get everyone in one place and to go into the new year with a sense of togetherness and joy. A new year and a new beginning for me, for everyone, but I was staying in a motel and that was no place for a party.
Gladys offered to throw the party at her apartment, and I sincerely felt like I was the luckiest person in the world all of a sudden. 
Over the next week my calls continued to go unanswered and people were still ignoring me as if I didn’t exist. I kept thinking that I ought to just give up, no one wanted me back in town, no one wanted to forgive and start over. I called Gladys and told her that I wanted to cancel the party, I didn’t see a point in trying anymore if no one else would even give me the time of day.
“Don’t give up,” she told me. “You’ll find a way to get everyone together.”
I don’t know why I trusted Gladys so much, I didn’t even know her that well, but something about her voice on the phone comforted me, made me think that everything was going to be alright.
So, I took her advice, I didn’t give up. The following day, New Year’s Eve, I set about getting everyone together at Gladys’s apartment. I was sure no one was going to judge me on the place, there was barely enough time to plan a party, I couldn’t even think about decorating.
Gladys talked me through the whole thing, I had to be the ultimate party host, so I set about picking everyone up and bringing them back to her place, one by one. She even came with me to pick up my sister, Amelia. It was a bittersweet reunion, I was lucky Gladys was there with me. I liked her, I liked having a new friend that cared about me. She understood how important the Holidays were and how important it was for me to get everyone together to make things right.
Back at her apartment, it was nearly ten o’clock, two hours to midnight. Two hours to the new year! Everyone was so excited. My ex, Samantha, I hadn’t seen her in years, she’d changed so much. Her hair was super short now, but she was still so beautiful. We’d been high school sweethearts. I didn’t mind that she was married now, it was nice of her and her husband to both come to the party. They sat together at the dining room table, eyes fixed on one another, I couldn’t help but smile; though I was a tad jealous, it was rather romantic.
My best friend from high school, Todd, and his roommate Joey, hung out by the television like a couple of couch potatoes. I still remembered Todd’s favorite beer, several empty cans lie strewn about the coffee table and his clothes were soaked with it. He was already wasted. It made me laugh, I wondered if he’d make it to midnight drinking at that rate. My other friends from school that still lived in town, Jacob, Mary, and Frank, were gathered around the cheap card table I’d set up for more seating. They kept to themselves mostly, understandable, it’d been so long since we were all together, a little awkwardness and shyness was to be expected.
Amelia stared at me from the recliner, an empty look of disdain on her face. I know she’d forgiven me, but she still didn’t seem like she wanted to be there. Gladys was the only one really doing any talking. I asked her to sit with Amelia for a bit, try to help her warm up to everyone while I refilled drinks. They seemed to be getting along okay.
As the time ticked on, everyone was starting to liven up a bit. We played some party games, I won every single round of charades! It was hilarious, no one seemed to understand the concept of the game which was a bit frustrating, but hey, I don’t ever win anything, so I was totally okay with it.
I turned the volume up on the television as midnight approached and gathered everyone in the living room.
“Let’s raise our glasses for a quick toast,” I instructed, and everyone obliged.
I looked to Gladys and she gave me an encouraging nod.
“I’m so glad you could all make it here tonight. This is all I’ve thought about since I’ve been away… getting you all in one place so that I could make things right between us. I know none of you thought that this evening was ideal, but that doesn’t matter. You’re all here now, and I couldn’t be happier to start the new year with anyone else.”
I made my way around to everyone so we could touch our glasses together, a toast to a fresh start, a toast to the new year, and then the countdown started and the ball began to drop.
“10!”
I shouted.
“9!”
I looked from face to face.
“8!”
Everyone was here.
“7!”
Everyone that I’d missed over the last thirteen years.
“6!”
And they were all smiling at me.
“5!”
Someone was knocking at the door.
“4!”
Had I forgotten someone?
“3!”
Surely, I hadn’t.
“2!”
The pounding on the door was getting louder.
“1! Happy—“
My welcome to the new year was interrupted as the front door was smashed open. I dropped my drink and stared in awe as several police officers poured into Gladys’s home, weapons pointed at me. One of them suddenly became sick and began vomiting in the living room. I dropped to the ground as instructed by another officer, confused and scared. Why would they interrupt my party like this? Why were they ruining New Year’s Eve?
“Jesus fucking Christ,” one of them said as another cuffed my hands behind my back.
Why were they doing this to me? I shouted for Gladys, struggling to find her in the room, the officer dug his knee into my back and ordered me to stay still. I screamed for Gladys, she wasn’t there. Why did she leave me?
“Gladys was never there, Gabriel,” someone said to me.
My eyes focused. I wasn’t in the apartment anymore. I blinked rapidly. I was in an office sitting across from a man I recognized. His desk was tidier than anything I’d ever seen in my life.
“Dr. Fields?”
“Yes, Gabriel. I’m here.”
“Gladys…”
I said her name and suddenly I couldn’t remember what she looked like. I desperately searched my head for her face, for the clothes she was wearing that night I first met her in the diner, but all I could seem to recall was the angry waiter who’d thrown me out for disturbing the other customers.
“Where did she go? Where’s Gladys?”
“Gabriel,” he said sternly. “Gladys was never there. The apartment you were in belonged to a man named Kevin Price. He worked at the diner. Do you remember what happened to Kevin?”
My head began to swim, I couldn’t place my finger on just one thought or memory. There were too many of them, but the angry waiter, I did remember him.
“He slept through the party. He was in his bed. Gladys lied! She told me it was her apartment!”
Dr. Fields leaned forward, resting his elbows on his desk.
“Calm down, Gabriel. Listen to my words. Gladys was never there.”
I repeated the words back to him.
“That’s right, Gabriel,” Dr. Fields said, adjusting his glasses on his face. “Now, can you remember what really happened at the New Year’s Eve party?”
I began to sweat as all the memories came crashing into the forefront of my mind like a freight train. Amelia, my sister… lifeless in the recliner, her dead gaze set straight ahead. Samantha and her husband, their throats slashed, lying side by side on the dining room table in a pool of blood. Todd and Joey, blue faces with telephone wire still tightly wound around their necks. The others... Jacob, Mary, and Frank… hands and feet tied, their bodies lifeless on the floor around the card table, throats cut open wide. And that waiter… dead in his bed, his head smashed in…
“No!” I shouted, bringing my hands up to my head. The room began to spin and I could no longer focus on anything. I hit myself over and over to make the memories go away. “It’s not real! None of this is real!”
Dr. Fields pressed a button on his desk as I continued to scream. He put these thoughts in my head! None of it was real! It couldn’t be!
“Gabriel, calm down,” he said as two men in white entered the office and grabbed hold of me. “We made great progress today, we’ll try again tomorrow.”
The two men restrained me and dragged me from my seat as I screamed. I tried to fight them, but they were much too strong. One of them injected me with something and I suddenly began to feel weak, I could barely move.
I heard Dr. Fields, he sounded a million miles away.
“Keep him restrained and under twenty-four-hour surveillance. The patient is still prone to self-harm.”
I couldn’t wrap my head around everything that was happening. There was no way I could hurt Amelia and all of my friends. It was Gladys, it had to be. If only I could remember what she looked like… I could tell Dr. Fields and they could find her and arrest her.
They secured me in a wheelchair and threw a chart down on my lap. It was getting harder to control my head as it slumped forward and drool poured from my mouth. My vision was getting blurrier and blurrier, but I could make out something printed in large font at the top of the chart.
Garrison Home for the Criminally Insane.
Garrison.
I started to fade but I forced myself to repeat the word over and over in my head until I finally realized what it meant. This had been my home for thirteen years. I wasn’t a resident of a city, but a prisoner… a patient. I’d done something… bad…. all those years ago.
And I think I might have done something bad again on New Year’s Eve.






Spencer Family Tradition


“God damn it!” Will Spencer shouted as he slung his cards down onto the wooden table.
His brother, Chris, cackled and took a long swig from his beer.
“Told you, I’m just that damn good.” Chris flashed his older brother a smile and finished off his drink.
“Every mother fu—“
“Excuse me, language!” The head of the Spencer household, Deborah, shot Will a sideways glance as she entered the living room with two fresh beers.
“Sorry, ma,” the brothers said in unison.
“As much as I enjoy you boys having a good time, you know I hate to hear you sound so ugly.” Deborah cleared the empty bottles from the table and replaced them with full ones.
“Thanks, mom.” Chris snatched up the fresh beer and sucked it down.
“Go easy, honey, Bradley isn’t even here yet. We’ve still got a pot roast to eat,” Deborah reminded her son.
“Your pot roast? I can eat that three times over, full on beer or not.” Chris took another swig. “Besides, you know how these family dinners always go.”
“Brad and his girlfriends…” Will rolled his eyes.
“Hey now, play nice!” Deborah scolded. “If I have to, you two definitely do.”
She smirked as she returned to the kitchen.
“When you think he’s gonna learn?” Will asked, cocking an eyebrow as he shuffled the deck of cards.
“Probably never. Brad’s a glutton for punishment.” Chris shrugged and waved off the discussion, turning his attention back to the deck of cards.
“Deal me in,” Will said.
“You sure, man? You know I’m just gonna kick your ass again.”
Chris finished off his beer and slammed it down onto the table, hoping to signal his mother to bring out some more cold ones.
Will laughed. “What can I say? I guess I’m a glutton for punishment too.”
***
Jessica turned the heat up in the car. Spring was just around the corner, but winter was not ready to let go of Northeast Alabama just yet.
"Are you nervous?" Brad asked his girlfriend from the driver's seat.
"Not really, I mean, should I be?" Jessica frowned at him.
"Don't be silly. My mom's tough, but I think she's really gonna like you."
Jessica sighed and folded her arms across her chest. "I always hate this part."
"What part?" He reached over and gently squeezed her thigh.
"The whole meet the family thing. I don't know, it always seems to make or break relationships."
"Well, don't look at it that way. Besides, you're not just meeting my mother, you get to meet my other halves."
"Oh my God, that's right!" Jessica giggled. "I guess I'm more nervous than I thought, I can't believe I forgot about your brothers!"
"Yeah, they're a hoot. And my mother's pot roast is to die for."
Jessica shot Brad a dirty look.
"Don’t worry, she doesn't hold a candle to your cooking." He flashed her a smile, grabbing her hand and planting a kiss on it.
She grinned back at him. "Now, that's more like it."
The two lovebirds had met almost a year before in Atlanta. They’d both studied Culinary Arts and fought for the same coveted position as Executive Chef in one of the top restaurants in the city. Unfortunately, neither of them were selected, so they decided to go out for drinks and drown their sorrows. Brad, unlike his brothers, was on a never-ending quest to find true love, and had fallen for the Latina beauty in no time. Brad knew in his heart this time that it would be different, he knew Jessica was the one. His family would see that this time.
The car slowed as Brad turned down yet another dirt road. Born and raised in the city, Jessica was not only nervous about meeting Brad’s family, but she shuddered at the thought of breaking down out in the middle of nowhere.
She snuck a peek at her cell phone: No Service. She sighed and her gaze wandered back out the window. Row after thick row of pine trees lined either side of the bumpy road, and the headlights reflected in the eyes of nocturnal critters as they scurried into the brush. The road took a slight bend to the left and The Spencer Estate could now be seen in the distance.
“Wow…” Jessica looked at Brad with wide eyes. “You did not tell me we were going to be spending the weekend in a friggin’ palace.”
“Oh, come on, did you think I’d take you to a creepy shack out in the middle of the woods?”
Jessica giggled and rolled her eyes. “I definitely wasn’t expecting this.”
“Well, don’t worry, the creepy shack’s out back,” Brad said, eliciting another giggle. He loved the sound of her laugh.
The six thousand square foot home sat on twenty-three acres of private land. Against the backdrop of night, the house appeared to be a palace with sparkling lights; an oasis in the middle of the cold, winter woods.
Brad pulled up alongside two other vehicles and killed the engine.
“You ready?” He asked.
Jessica smiled, pulling her beanie over her dark, shoulder-length hair.
“Ready as I’ll ever be.”
***
“Honey, I’m home!” Brad called out from the enormous foyer.
He took Jessica’s coat and hung it beside his in a closet off to the left. The savory smell of red meat, garlic, and herbs met the couple’s nostrils and their mouths watered. Footsteps echoed down the hall and the short, stout Deborah Spencer entered the great room.
“Bradley!” She opened her arms and pulled her son into her warm embrace. Brad stood a foot taller than the graying woman. “Oh, how we’ve missed you. It’s been far too long.”
He put his arm around his mother and turned her to face his girlfriend.
“Mom, this is Jessica.”
Jessica smiled and extended a hand. “Hi, Mrs. Spencer, it’s great to meet you. You have a beautiful home.”
Deborah ignored the hand and the compliment, but forced a smile. “Your hat, dear.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.” Embarrassed, Jessica pulled the beanie from her head.
“Yes, well, you two must be starved half to death!” Deborah turned back to her son. “Your brothers are in the game room, and I’m just about finished in the kitchen.”
She put her hand on his back and urged him forward, but Brad stopped and let his mother pass.
“That sounds awesome, mom,” he paused and extended his hand toward Jessica. “Come on, babe. Let’s go meet Will and Chris.”
Jessica took his hand and their fingers interlaced. She smiled sheepishly as they passed Deborah and headed down the hall.
Deborah scowled, following slowly behind the couple. She listened as her son chattered on incessantly as they walked. Deborah wondered how three boys, with the same upbringing, could in fact have grown up to be so different. Will and Chris, they weren’t like Brad. They’d stayed here with her when their father had passed several years ago, but Brad, ever selfish, had abandoned his family in search of something more.
“Damn, ya’ll can’t even put the cards down to come meet a man at the door, can you?” Brad beamed at his siblings as they looked up at him, identical grins spreading across their faces.
Jessica stopped dead in her tracks.
“Triplets?” She asked in disbelief as she looked from face to face, her mouth hanging open.
The height, the build, the hazel brown eyes; everything was identical aside from the way the men kept their hair.
“Yeppers!” Brad gave her shoulder a squeeze before he embraced his brothers, who had finally put their beers down and stood. “This would be Chris. Wild man with the ponytail.” He gave Chris’s dirty blonde hair a slight tug. “I hate this thing.”
“You just wish it was yours.” Chris shoved a playful elbow into Brad’s side.
“Oof.” Brad feigned pain in response, shoving Chris away with a smile. “And this is Will. Doesn’t have the hippie hair-do, but I can’t convince him to go all the way.” Brad ran a hand over his own buzzed head while clapping Will on the back. “Guys, this is Jess.”
“Damn, man, you didn’t mention how gorgeous she was,” Chris said, nodding at Jessica.
She looked away, blushing.
“That she is, and she is all mine.” Brad returned to his girlfriend’s side and pulled her close to him. He poked his fingers at her side and she tried to stifle a giggle.
Deborah cleared her throat and the smiles in the room disappeared.
“I’m going to finish up in the kitchen,” she announced. “We’ll be ready to eat in just a few minutes, why don’t you four head into the dining room.”
***
“Talk about awkward dinner conversation,” Jessica said from the bathroom, a mouth full of toothpaste.
Brad chuckled in the bedroom as he undressed.
“Give it time, she just needs to warm up to you.”
Jessica rolled her eyes. Unlikely, she thought, spitting in the sink and rinsing her mouth.
After they’d set the table and Deborah had served the pot roast, the only people that spoke were the triplets. Will and Chris ogled Jessica the entire time, decreasing her comfort level even more. Whenever Brad tried to incorporate her into the conversation, a long pause of silence followed whenever she spoke. There was no doubt about it, Brad’s family was strange, and she had a pretty strong feeling that she wasn’t welcome.
She knew Will and Chris had skipped college and stayed at the estate with their mother. She wondered how often the brothers got out of the house aside from hunting on the family property. Brad was definitely different from his brothers, that was for sure, and she was more than thankful that he’d escaped Bumfuck, Alabama.
“Can’t we just leave in the morning?” Jessica asked Brad as she slipped into her nightgown.
He threw back the comforter and climbed into bed, patting the empty space beside him.
“Come on, babe. You know I haven’t seen my family in nearly a year. Sunday will be here before you even know it.”
She sighed. “Yeah, but it’s only Thursday night.”
***
The following morning, Deborah prepared a hearty breakfast for everyone. Just as the night before, the conversation at the table was sparse and awkward. Jessica fidgeted in her seat, turning her gaze to the large window overlooking the woods.
What in the world are we even going to do here all weekend? She creased her brow as she entertained thoughts of dying of boredom.
“Isn’t that right, babe?” Brad asked her, breaking her from her daze.
She turned to him, blushing. She didn’t realize he’d been talking to her.
“I’m sorry, what was that?”
“A hike, we’re gonna go on a hike. Brad was just telling us how much you love nature,” Will said, shoving a forkful of steak and eggs into his mouth.
Jessica’s eyes went wide and she kicked Brad under the table.
“Oh, yeah… I just love nature.” She shot her boyfriend a look and he tried to hold his laughter in.
“Awesome,” Will replied, chewing with his mouth open. “We’ll take you up some of the old trails we used to dirt bike when we were kids.”
“Sounds like a hoot.” She smiled and kicked Brad again. This time he couldn’t hold his laughter in.
***
Brad and Jessica walked hand in hand, the enormous house growing smaller behind them as they wandered down the path leading into the thick trees.
“You know I fucking hate this right?” She nuzzled Brad’s arm and looked up at him.
“Ah, come on, fresh country air, no distractions. A little bit of nature might do you some good.”
He planted a kiss on her forehead.
“I grew up with skyscrapers and traffic jams, Brad. I’m so not feeling this.” She scrunched her nose up. “In fact, I’d do anything to hear the sounds of honking horns and idling engines right now.”
The sudden sound of feet slamming the dirt startled the couple and they turned on their heels.
Will and Chris came running up to greet them, rifles in hand.
“Damn, you must really want to see those trails,” Chris hollered to them. “Ya’ll didn’t even wait for us!”
“What’s that for?” Jessica swallowed hard as the men approached, unnerved by the presence of the firearms.
“In case we get lucky, find us some dinner while we’re out there,” Will answered. His grin seemed to stretch from ear to ear.
“You want us to go grab yours, Brad?” Chris asked, shouldering his rifle and readjusting his ponytail. “I’ve been taking care of it for you.”
“No thanks, I’m gonna sit this one out.” He smiled as Chris gave him a playful shove.
“Suit yourself then.”
Will grabbed Chris by the shirt sleeve and tugged him forward, leaving the couple behind as they ventured into the woods.
Jessica squeezed Brad’s hand.
“Great,” she mumbled.
“It’ll be fine. Lighten up.” He squeezed her hand back and they continued down the path.
Jessica could no longer see or hear Brad’s brothers, she wondered if they’d already picked up on some poor animal’s trail. She glanced around the forest as they walked, breathing the crisp, cold air in and sighing. The smell of pine and earth did wonders for the senses. She looked up at the cloudless sky and smiled, allowing herself to get lost in nature. Jessica admitted to herself that maybe being out in the middle of nowhere wasn’t that bad. It was actually pretty peaceful, and the untouched backwoods were a welcome change from the backdrop of concrete and skyscrapers she was used to.
She wasn’t sure how far they’d walked, but the path took several turns over the course of their walk and she was glad Brad was there to guide her. Without him, she would surely be lost.
“So… you were right, I guess.” She smiled, breathing deeply again. She felt relaxed and comfortable for the first time since she’d arrived at the Spencer family home. “A little bit of nature did do me some good.”
She turned to her left and froze. Brad was no longer at her side. She was so distracted by her own thoughts and her surroundings that she hadn’t even noticed he was gone.
“Brad?” She called out.
She waited a moment, hoping to hear him respond, but there was only silence.
“Brad, this isn’t funny, where are you?”
She turned in a circle, her breath quickening and her heart speeding up in her chest, comfort levels well below the norm.
She listened again for any sound of him and heard nothing but the squawk of a bird from somewhere high up. A branch cracked behind her and she spun, her heart pounding. There was no one there that she could see, but she could feel eyes on her.
“Brad, you asshole, come out, now!” She screamed, her voice echoing. “I know you’re there!”
She hoped it was Brad, and not one of his creepy brothers.
The crack of a rifle sounded in the distance. Spooked, Jessica took off in a sprint back the way she’d come. Twigs and dead foliage crackled beneath her feet as she ran; branches slapped her in the face as she sped through the trees. She had no idea how to get back to the house, but she knew she’d eventually find it. She had to.
Brad, you are in so much fucking trouble, she thought as she ran, slowing at a fork in the path before choosing and picking the pace back up. Her heart thumped in her chest and she suddenly felt the overwhelming sensation of being chased.
Is my mind playing tricks on me? Am I imagining all of this?
She was alone, in the middle of nowhere, lost in the woods, and she hoped she wasn’t about to have a panic attack. She tried to calm herself by filling her head with thoughts of home and keeping her eyes on the trail, but when she looked up, she stopped short and her breath was caught in her chest.
“Oh my God,” she said, “it’s the creepy fucking shack.”
She thought Brad had been joking on the ride up when he’d made the sarcastic little remark about the shack behind the family home, but there it was, in all its ominous glory.
Jessica stepped toward the rundown shed, her fists clenched. The thing seemed ancient with its dilapidated roof and weathered siding, it appeared as though no one had visited the shack in decades. As she approached the small structure, she held her breath, not sure what to expect. She raised a gloved hand to the grimy window and rubbed away some of the built-up dirt. She peeked inside; it was dark, full of old tools and equipment she didn’t recognize. As she was about to set her nerves at ease with the realization that this creepy shack was simply a forgotten utility shed, a flash of movement caught her attention to her right, followed by a loud bang. She jumped back, startled, and let out a scream.
Hands suddenly found their way onto her shoulders and she screamed again, pulling away and tumbling to her hands and knees. She rolled onto her back and faced her attacker.
Brad cackled, wiping tears of laughter from his eyes. “Oh man, you should see your face.”
“You fucking douchebag!” She shouted. “Where the hell have you been?”
Brad’s chest heaved with each guffaw.
“I’m sorry, babe, I was just trying to freak you out.” He held out a hand.
Jessica grabbed hold and was pulled from the forest floor to her feet. She brushed herself off and scolded him.
“Don’t you ever pull some shit like that again.”
“I promise.” He leaned down and tried to give her a kiss but she pulled away.
“There’s something in there.” She motioned behind her and looked around, lowering her voice.
Brad smiled and lowered his voice as well.
“Are we playing a game? Is it my turn to be scared?”
Jessica frowned.
“No, asshole. I’m being serious. Why do you think I screamed like that? There’s something in that shed.”
“It’s probably a raccoon, Jess. Seriously, there’s nothing in there.” He sighed. “Nobody’s used this thing since my dad died. Look, I’m sorry I freaked you out. It’s just your mind playing tricks on you, okay?”
He placed a reassuring hand on her shoulder as she turned away from him. She stared at the shack, and her eyes fell upon something she hadn’t noticed earlier.
If nobody’s been in there, why is there a brand new lock on the door?
The rusty door handle, frame, and fixtures told the tale of an unused shed, but the shiny new lock proved otherwise. A chill ran down her spine and her gut lurched with an uneasy feeling. She spun back toward him, opening her mouth to say something, but her intuition told her not to push the subject.
She placed her hand in Brad’s.
“Let’s just get back to the house, please?” She looked up at him with her big brown eyes and he smiled.
“Sure, let’s head back.” He leaned back in to kiss her and she didn’t resist this time.
She couldn’t stay mad at him.
***
Will watched Jessica peer through the windows of the old shed. He ground his teeth together and stepped behind a large tree trunk when he saw Brad approaching. When the couple was gone, he let out a bird-like whistle, signaling to Chris that the coast was clear.
Chris finally stepped into the clearing and locked eyes with Will. “Time to tell ma?” he asked.
Will shook his head. “We’ll wait until after supper.”
“You know she’ll want to hear about this as soon as possible.”
Will shrugged and turned away, heading back toward the house.
“I’m sure she’s already got an idea about it. They always find the shed, Chris. It always ends the same.”
“Hey,” Chris called out, “maybe this time it’ll be different.”
Will sighed and kept walking. “Now you sound like Brad.”
***
After two mind-numbing hours of fraternal babble, Jessica decided to relax in the bathtub before dinner. No matter how much Brad tried to include her, she was treated as an intruder in the conversation. She couldn’t sit there and listen to the same old childhood anecdotes that she’d already heard the night before. As she slipped into the steaming bath and closed her eyes, she found her thoughts returning to the strange shed in the woods. She’d definitely seen something, she was so sure of it. She entertained the thoughts and played a guessing game with herself as to what could be hidden in there. She knew there was something out of the ordinary going on with that mysterious shed, and she would figure out what it was.
Her eyes popped open and she frowned. She was doing it again. that self-sabotage that seemed to end all of her relationships. Was there really something wrong here, or was she just that scared of commitment that she was making up wild theories about a run-down tool shed?
There was a light knock at the door and Brad popped his head in.
“Hey there, beautiful.”
Jessica smiled up at him.
“You about done? Dinner will be ready soon.”
She nodded and bit her lip.
“I know that face, what’s the matter?” He slipped into the bathroom and knelt beside the tub.
“You can’t get mad at me.”
He laughed. “I promise.”
“I really just want to go home tomorrow. Can’t we leave a day early?”
Brad was silent for a moment. He pushed a few strands of hair off her face and ran a finger over her lips. “I love you.”
Jessica rolled her eyes. “I guess that’s a big fat no then, am I right?”
He groaned. “Just one more day, Jess, please.”
She exhaled loudly and held her hands out. He helped her out of the tub and handed her a towel.
“Fine, but only because I love you so much.”
He smirked. “How much?”
“More than anything.”
***
Deborah’s eyes burned holes into Jessica’s skull. If looks could kill, she would be dead.
What the hell crawled up her ass? Jessica wondered as she cut delicately into yet another pot roast.
Do these people eat anything else for dinner?
She absentmindedly chewed and kept her eyes down. The dinner table was painfully silent. With each clank of a fork or knife against china, Jessica’s skin crawled. She considered excusing herself multiple times throughout the meal, but she endured, and she saw the appreciation in Brad’s smile every time she looked at him.
He owes me big time.
She attempted to help clear the table when dinner was done, but Deborah waved her off with a faux smile.
“Go on, dear. The boys are going to play some cards, why don’t you join them?”
Jessica nodded, hoping she didn’t look too shocked by Deborah’s sudden decision to actually speak to her, and retreated to the game room where the brothers were already seated around the card table.
“There she is.” Brad beamed at her, holding a beer out.
“Oh, God, yes.”
She rushed to him and snatched the tasty beverage from his hand, turning it up and chugging.
Chris snorted. “I like your style.” He sucked down his own beer and reached down, pulling two more bottles from the box on the floor.
Jessica took the second beer with a nod and sat down beside Brad.
The four played a few hands of poker and finished off several more beers. Jessica was finally feeling comfortable. She wondered if the problem was Deborah. The brothers seemed more open and less awkward when their mother wasn’t around. Will was still a bit standoffish, but she actually found Chris quite charming, and could see many similarities between him and Brad.
As Will dealt the final hand, Brad groaned. “And now, for his final trick, Chris will successfully beat down all our asses, again.”
Jessica giggled. “Well I’m not surprised that I keep losing. I’m no card shark.”
“Hey now, who knows, maybe things’ll be different this time,” Chris said, finishing off another beer.
Will glared at him and dealt everyone their hand, and Chris, in fact, did win again.
Deborah watched silently from the darkness of the doorway. She didn’t like how Chris seemed to be taking a liking to this one. When she saw that the game was wrapping up, she entered the room.
“I think it’s about time everyone turned in for the evening,” Deborah announced.
Will and Chris nodded, standing up from the table.
“Have a good night you two.” Chris flashed a grin at Brad and Jessica and the couple stood.
“You too, Chris.” Jessica turned to follow Brad and waved to Will. “Goodnight, Will.”
Will nodded but said nothing, and once again, the uncertain feelings from earlier returned to the pit of Jessica’s stomach.
***
Jessica tossed and turned, unable to sleep. She’d had high hopes the four beers she sucked down would be a welcome sleep aid, but alas, she found herself staring wide-eyed at the textured ceiling above the bed at two in the morning.
She sighed and nudged Brad with her elbow, hoping he would stir. She pursed her lips and closed her eyes, urging her brain to rest, but she couldn’t get that stupid shack out of her head. She rolled over delicately and grabbed her phone off the night stand, thinking maybe a game would take her mind off things. There was zero cell signal, and for whatever ridiculous reason, the Spencers had no Wi-Fi. Luckily, Jessica had a myriad of games already downloaded on her phone that could keep her entertained.
As she scrolled through the apps, her finger hovered over the flashlight icon. She chewed her lip and rolled her crazy idea around in her head.
Fuck it.
She crawled out of bed and dressed quickly, bundling in layers to shield herself from the frigid temperature outside. She poked a finger into Brad’s ribcage softly, checking to see if he would wake up. Satisfied that he was down for the count, she slipped from the bedroom and crept down the hall.
Tip-toeing, and careful not to wake another member of the Spencer household, she practically held her breath until she was out the back door and down the deck steps. She remembered the way back to the shed and retraced her steps down the winding path into the silent, dark woods. Under normal circumstances, Jessica wouldn’t have been caught dead out there at this time of night, but she couldn’t get rid of that feeling in her gut; she had to satisfy her burning curiosity.
When she figured that she was a safe enough distance from the house, she opened the flashlight app on her phone and almost wished she hadn’t. The looming shadows that were cast seemed to try and engulf her, sending a shiver down her spine.
She swallowed the lump in her throat. No turning back now.
She trudged on through the black forest and breathed a sigh of relief when she finally spotted the lone shed. She approached with caution and took a quick look around. She stifled a laugh, like I’d be able to see anyone out here anyway.
She ran the beam of light from her phone along the forest floor and spied a decent sized rock. She considered breaking the lock off the door, but that would look too obvious. A broken window could be from anything: an animal, a fallen branch, she could at least lie her way out of that.
She pulled her beanie down tightly over her head and made sure her gloves were snug. She held her breath as she smashed the window. The sound echoed around her and she was glad the house was out of earshot. Shining the light through the broken window, she cleared the pane of any stray glass that could snag her and scurried inside. She landed with a thump on the creaky wooden floor, relieved that she hadn’t landed on anything and hurt herself.
Jessica pulled herself from the floor and scanned the small room, spying the same old tools she’d seen earlier in the day, but then she spotted a small hatch on the far side of the shed. Her heart felt like it would jump out of her chest at any second as she crept toward it. She covered her mouth to keep a scream from escaping when a thump could be heard from beneath her.
Go back to the house, now.
She willed herself to turn around, but found her fingers pulling on the latch.
What the hell am I doing?
The hatch creaked open and an ungodly smell met her nostrils. She gagged and swallowed her bile. Casting the light into the small opening, she found herself staring into a pair of familiar eyes.
“Please don’t scream,” a small voice squeaked out.
Jessica covered her mouth, her dark eyes wide with panic and fear. An emaciated woman stared up at her, a look of fear equal to Jessica’s plastered on her face. Jessica took in the woman’s features. Underneath the grimy mixture that covered it, she could see the dirty blonde color of her hair and she’d recognize that upturned button nose and those hazel brown eyes anywhere.
“The triplets…” Jessica muttered. She shook her head in disbelief. “There are four of you?”
The woman nodded.
“Who’s keeping you down here?” Jessica practically shouted. “We have to get you out of here, we have to get you help!”
“No,” the sister shook her head and began climbing out of the hatch.
Jessica backed up, weary of this strange woman being held captive underneath the shed.
“You need to get out of here. You need to get help,” the sister warned.
Jessica’s back pressed flat against the wall behind her. She shivered in fear as the scrawny sister approached her. She leaned in close, her foul breath filling Jessica’s nostrils and making her gag. Jessica turned her face away and squeezed her eyes shut, wishing to be back in bed beside Brad.
“Don’t go back to that house,” the sister whispered another warning. “Run west from here, you’ll hit the highway. Don’t go back to that house.”
She stepped back and allowed Jessica some breathing room as she repeated the words to herself over and over.
Jessica could finally get a better look at her. She was the same height as her brothers, down to a T she was identical aside from her gender. She was covered in filth head to toe and was as pale as the moon in the sky. Jessica whimpered, rolling the sister’s warning words around in her head.
“Who is keeping you here?” She asked.
“Mama. Mama doesn’t let me into the house.”
“But why?” Jessica was still so shocked and confused. The entire scenario was absurd.
“Mama never wanted a girl…” She trailed off, mumbling to herself again. “Mama doesn’t let me in the house, she never wanted a girl.”
Jessica shook her head, this woman definitely had some years of therapy ahead of her.
“Hey, please, look at me. Try to focus.” Jessica put a trembling hand on the woman’s dirty shoulder. “Why is she keeping you here?”
The woman finally stopped mumbling and looked at Jessica.
“She said the Lord blessed her with three beautiful boys and the devil cursed her with a whore. Daddy loved me though. I miss daddy. But then he went away…” her voice trailed off again and she looked down, almost as if ashamed to go on. “There’s only room for one woman in the Spencer family.”
Jessica understood the way the brothers acted in front of her mother now. Jessica knew she wasn’t welcome, the sister had confirmed it. There was no way that Brad could know about his sister being locked up like this, he’d left home almost immediately after his father had died. He wouldn’t have brought Jessica here otherwise. She knew it in her heart, but she had to ask.
“Does Brad know you’re here?”
The woman ignored the question and instead repeated her previous warning.
“Don’t go back to the house, she’ll know you found me.” She began to sob. “Please, go! Please, run away!”
Jessica’s chest filled with panic as the woman began raising her voice but she tried to remain calm as she moved to the window.
“What’s your name?”
“Rebecca.”
“I won’t leave you here, Rebecca. I’ll come back with help!”
Jessica began running west, just like the sister had instructed, but cursed herself and retraced her footsteps back to the Spencer home. She couldn’t do this to Brad. He had to know the truth, and he would help her rescue his poor sister. And then they were getting the fuck out of Alabama.
***
Jessica, in full-on panic mode, tried her hardest to slip back into the home undetected. She thought her heart was beating so loudly that it might wake everyone in the house up, but when she heard the click of the bedroom door sliding closed and felt her back pressed up against the hard oak, she breathed a heavy sigh of relief and collapsed to the bedroom floor.
Brad stirred on the bed and propped himself up on an elbow.
“Jess?” He called out, his voice groggy.
“Brad,” she panted, crawling onto the bed and placing her hands on his shoulders.
“Babe, what’s wrong?” He sat up straight and narrowed his eyes. “Why are you dressed?”
“Your sister,” she choked out between breathes. “I found her.”
“My sister?” He shook his head, a line forming in his brow. “How do you know about my sister? Babe, my sister has been dead for years.”
Jessica frowned and squeezed his shoulders.
“No, Brad. She’s not dead, she’s in that fucking shed.”
Brad’s expression grew grim and he lowered his voice to an angry whisper.
“Jessica, I don’t think this is very fucking funny.”
She tried her best not to yell, it was difficult given how worked up she was.
“I saw her! Your mother, she’s been keeping her locked up in that fucking shed since your father died!”
Brad began to grow angry and threw the comforter to the side.
“Why are you doing this? Do you want to go home so badly that you’re making these wild stories up about my family?”
Jessica began to sob on the bed.
“Brad, please, you have to believe me. Rebecca is out there, being kept in that Goddamn shed like an animal.”
Brad froze when he heard his sister’s name.
“Becky?” His voice cracked and his face softened.
“Yes. Yes, Brad. Becky is out there. How else would I know her name?”
Tears formed in Brad’s eyes and he looked away. Jessica pulled him into her and hugged him tightly. She was right, he’d had no idea what his mother was doing to his sister.
“Oh my God, I can’t believe it,” he cried into her shoulder. “All this time, I’ve believed she was dead. My poor baby sister, I… I can’t believe they’ve been keeping her locked up like some filthy animal.” He sobbed, clinging to Jessica for dear life.
“Brad, it’s going to be okay, but we have to go. We have to get help, now.”
Brad nodded, wiping the tears from his eyes and stood. 
“Okay, but we can’t just sneak out of here. They’ll know something’s up, especially mom. I need to tell them we’re leaving. I’ll tell them you’re sick, don’t worry, I’ll think of something.”
“Brad, there’s no time for—”
“Jess, if they’re capable of keeping Rebecca in some hole under that shed, who knows what else they’ll do if they suspect something.”
Jessica nodded, she understood. Brad would take care of things, he would take care of her, he always did.
She gathered her things from the bathroom and began packing her bag with haste. When Brad was finished dressing, he pulled her into him and kissed her hard.
“I’ll be right back. I love you.”
“I love you, too.”
Jessica stood in the bathroom doorway and watched as Brad crept from the bedroom, closing the door behind him. Her bags were packed, she was itching to get out of there. She paced the room as she waited for him, still trying to wrap her head around this bizarre situation. She thought of Brad, about what a horrible realization this must be for him, and couldn’t begin to imagine how he was feeling. She thought about his sister, back in that shed, how scared she was, not only for herself, but for Jessica.
And then Jessica stopped pacing and that sick, strange feeling that something wasn’t right returned in full force.
Why was Rebecca so scared for Jessica, and how did Brad know she was in a hole under the shed?
Her skin crawled and she felt a wave of nausea overtake her as the room tilted on its side.
With shaking hands, she grabbed hold of the wall and steadied herself. She snatched her cell phone off the bedspread and stuffed it into her coat pocket. She left her bags on the bed and slowly opened the door, careful not to make the slightest sound. Hushed voices from somewhere off in the house drifted toward her and she crept her way to them.
She rounded a corner and pressed her back against the wall. She held her breath as she peered around the corner into the game room.
“I told you it wasn’t gonna be any different this time,” Will taunted.
“Yeah, well, a guy can dream.” Chris laughed. “I was rooting for Brad. Plus, I actually like this one.”
“Will you both just stop it?” Brad barked. “How the hell do you think I feel? I go through this shit every time with you people.”
He changed his tone of voice to mimic his brothers’.
“Let’s go for a hike, Brad. Let’s scare your girlfriend, Brad. Let’s see if she finds the shed and goes back to it, Brad.” He slammed his hand down on the card table. “Why do we have to keep doing this? You know they always do. You know they always go back!”
Deborah sighed from across the room. “Honey, I know you’re upset, but I tell you this every time. I’m the only Spencer woman, and if you won’t accept that, we’ll just have to keep proving it to you.”
Jessica clenched her fists and crept around the other side of the hall, into the kitchen to get a better view. She crouched at the end of the long counter and peered over.
Deborah moved toward her son and placed her hands on his broad shoulders. She looked up at him with a wicked smile and ran a hand down his strong jawline.
“Why don’t you just stay home for good this time, baby boy? Stop putting yourself through this. Mama misses you so, so much.” She tilted her son’s face toward hers and leaned up, her lips inching closer to his.
Brad turned his face away, thrusting a thumb in his brothers’ direction. “That’s what you have the two of them for.”
Deborah frowned. “God didn’t bless me with three of you for nothing. You remember how nice it used to be when you were younger, don’t you? Mama always took care of her boys. It can be like that again if you would just stop bringing home these harlots and torturing yourself.”
Will and Chris stood silently and watched as their mother tried so hard to seduce their brother. A part of them wished they were strong enough to resist her like he could, but she was all they knew, they’d never left the estate. Once their father had found out, it was only a matter of time before the boys would be taken away from their mother. Their father knew about the beatings Rebecca would get, how she was neglected by their mother; that was the only reason he’d favored her. Maybe if Rebecca and Will hadn’t been caught by Deborah that night so long ago, and Deborah hadn’t been consumed by jealousy… maybe things could have been different.
Will forced the thoughts from his brain and stepped forward. They had work to do.
“It’s time, Brad.”
Brad looked at Will with pain in his eyes. “Alright, then. I’ll see you outside.”
“I’ll get everything ready.” Deborah smiled at her sons.
Jessica’s head swam and the sick concoction of disgust and terror roiled in her gut. She had to get out of that house before Brad discovered she’d heard, and seen, everything. It was her only chance. She grabbed a large carving knife from the counter and slid it up her sleeve, blade first, as she planned out an escape route. She couldn’t go out the front door, the brothers would be waiting. Brad would be heading back toward the bedroom and Deborah hadn’t left the game room, she wouldn’t be able to get out onto the deck. She remembered seeing a garage, there would have to be a way out from there.
As she silently fled the kitchen and headed for the stairs, the initial anger she felt toward the brothers subsided and all her hatred was redirected toward their mother. How could a woman be so awful to her own children? The brothers were an unfortunate product of their fucked up environment, but no less dangerous. The love she thought she felt for Brad had disappeared in an instant and was replaced with sick bitterness and betrayal. Jessica would get Rebecca out of that shed, just like she promised, and they would get the hell out of there.
She entered a long, dark hallway in a part of the home she’d yet to visit. Each of the doors were locked, save for the metal gray one at the end of the hall. She slipped inside and opened her flashlight app. Jessica was definitely in a garage, but it looked more like a slaughterhouse.
Stainless steel counter tops lined the walls and several industrial fans were directly above it. An enormous sink sat in the center and she noticed several different devices, some of which she recognized from working in the food industry. Slicers, grinders, and mixers were spread out around the room amidst several different types of processing blades. The cement floor was stained with sporadic puddles of dark brown and Jessica felt her stomach bubbling again.
This room better be for deer. 
She noticed a large door on the far end of the garage and bolted for it, hoping it was her exit. As she got closer, she raised the flashlight and recognized the door type immediately with its hefty, metallic handle. Her stomach churned again; it was a walk-in freezer. Against her better judgment, she pulled open the heavy door and the auto-lights kicked on.
Jessica finally lost the battle with her guts as she dropped to her knees and retched. Human limbs, expertly carved, were stored on shelves, and torsos hung from various meat hooks in the freezer. Her hands began to shake again and she wiped the tears from her eyes, remembering what Deborah said in the kitchen. She was going to “get everything ready.”
Jessica had no time to reflect on the contents of the freezer or the death-room she stood in, Deborah would undoubtedly be walking in at any second. She scanned the room frantically with her flashlight again and finally spotted another door in the corner to her left. She heard a door suddenly open and she quickly shoved her phone into her pocket, hiding the light as she ducked behind the large island counter in the center of the room.
Deborah clicked the lights on and entered, humming softly to herself. Jessica didn’t have a good vantage point and strained to hear, tracking the woman’s movement by her footfalls. She held her breath as Deborah came around from the left, and she silently scrambled out of sight. She slipped the knife she’d grabbed from the kitchen out of her sleeve and clutched it to her chest. She exhaled slowly as she dared to peek around the corner.
Deborah busied herself in front of one of the counters, pulling knives from their sheaths and inspecting them. She pulled on a pair of gloves and checked a watch on her left wrist before heading toward the freezer door. Jessica saw this as her chance and crab-walked to the other side of the counter. Before Deborah even had the freezer door open, Jessica was up and racing toward the woman, knife raised.
Deborah spun around, wide-eyed and caught off guard. The knife barely missed her as she grabbed Jessica by the wrist, throwing her off balance. Jessica tumbled to the floor and with a yell, Deborah grabbed a meat tenderizer and swung it wildly, catching Jessica on the temple.
Jessica rolled onto her side with a grunt, stars dancing before her eyes. She managed to roll once more and look up, focusing her eyes just in time to see Deborah raising the tenderizer again to strike her. She scrambled for the knife and jabbed out, slicing through the back of Deborah’s heel. Deborah squealed in pain and stumbled, the tenderizer dropping to the cement floor. Jessica kicked her leg out and Deborah went sailing to the floor beside her. She snatched up the tenderizer and smashed it into the center of Deborah’s forehead with a sickening crack. A thin stream of blood trickled from her ears and she tried pathetically to push Jessica off of her.
Jessica, with a strength she didn’t know she possessed, brought the tenderizer down once more, Deborah’s forehead caving in and the life leaving her eyes. A pool of blood formed and spread across Deborah’s deformed face and her body twitched in postmortem spasms.
Jessica’s chest heaved and she rolled over to vomit once more. She reached for her throbbing head with shaky hands and winced, hoping she didn’t have a concussion.
Without further thought, her survival mode kicking in, she grabbed Deborah by her arms and thanked her lucky stars the woman was so small. She dragged the body toward the open freezer and locked her inside. She raced for the door in the corner and unlocked the three deadbolts, pushing forward and stumbling out into the grass. The winter air was a welcome relief on her boiling hot face.
She looked around quickly before bolting for the back of the house and disappearing back into the woods. Undoubtedly, the brothers would discover Deborah’s body; she had to get back to Rebecca and get a head start toward town before they did. The earth crunched beneath her pounding feet as she ran, the trees a blur as she passed them by. As she finally neared the shed, she retrieved a large rock and attacked the padlock on the door with ferocity. The rusted latch finally gave way and it clanged to the ground. She threw open the door and called out for Rebecca.
The frail woman peered out from the hatch with child-like eyes.
“It’s okay, Rebecca, come with me. I’m getting you out of here. Now!” Jessica panted and held out a hand.
Rebecca slowly climbed from her hole in the ground and tip toed to Jessica. She grasped Jessica’s wrists with her filthy hands.
“What have you done?”
“It’s okay, trust me. We’ve gotta go.”
“I told you not to go back to the house!” Rebecca shouted at her.
“Rebecca, please, you’ve gotta come with me!” Jessica shook her wrists free and grabbed Rebecca by the hand, pulling her along behind her as she fled west.
Rebecca kept up a good pace behind Jessica, even with her bare feet. Jessica had done it, she’d made it out of that house alive and got Rebecca out in time. She felt calm despite the evening’s events; her heart no longer raced, her hands were strong and steady, and she was focused. She would deal with the emotional aftermath of it all later, the only thing she cared about in that moment was making it to town before the brothers did.
“I have to stop,” Rebecca said, out of breath. 
“Why?” Jessica turned to her.
Rebecca looked down and lifted a leg, revealing a bloodied foot. “My feet, they hurt so bad.”
Jessica shook her head and unwrapped her scarf from around her neck.
“Here, wrap your feet in this. We can’t afford to stop, we need to keep moving.”
She tore the scarf, handing Rebecca a piece.
Before Rebecca could even utter her thanks, Jessica heard the snapping of twigs and felt the hard barrel of a rifle against the back of her neck.
Rebecca jumped back in fright, grabbing hold of a nearby tree, half-hiding behind it.
“Relax, Beck, it’s me.”
Jessica recognized Chris’s voice and Rebecca relaxed a bit, moving back toward Jessica.
“Chris, please, you don’t have to do this.” Jessica tried to reason with the man.
“Sorry, darlin’, but this is how it’s gotta be.”
“No!” She shouted. “Your mother, she’s gone. I know she’s the reason you were doing this! It doesn’t have to be this way anymore!” She remembered something both he and Brad had said earlier. “It can be different this time.”
Chris lowered the gun and stepped back. “What do you mean mama’s gone?”
Jessica turned around to face him, slowly.
“She’s dead, Chris, I killed her. I had to.” She winced when Chris brought the rifle back up and pointed it at her face. “Just listen to me, please.” She nodded and put her hands up, palms facing him, in an attempt to show surrender. “It doesn’t have to be like this anymore.”
Chris stared at Jessica, wondering how she’d done it. He thought of all the different ways his mother could have met her end and decided he’d just have to go back to the house and see for himself.
In a way, he felt relief. Almost a release, like a weight had been lifted from his chest. It was his mother though, after all, and he felt pangs of guilt for not feeling worse than what he did. He opened his mouth to speak, to tell Jessica to hit the road before he changed his mind, and warn her, that if she ever breathed a word of this to anyone, he’d come find her himself and make her regret the day she opened her mouth.
But before he could, Rebecca brought a rock down hard onto Jessica’s head.
Jessica’s breath left her chest in a whoosh. She swayed for a moment and her eyes fluttered. Blood trickled down her forehead from the wound and she tried to speak but found it difficult to form a coherent thought. She tried walking, but stumbled and dropped to her knees, dazed. Rebecca smashed the rock into Jessica’s skull once more and Jessica fell face forward into the dirt, unmoving.
“What the fuck did you do that for?” Chris asked, caught off guard by his sister’s violent outburst.
Rebecca looked confused. “Well, you heard her! She said she killed mama!”
Chris shook his head and sighed, looking down at Jessica’s motionless body.
“Man…” he drew out the word.
“She killed our mama, Chris. Now we don’t have one.”
“I know.” He looked up at his fragile sister. It had been so long since he’d seen her out of that hole in the ground.
“I’m cold,” Rebecca said, hugging her arms into her chest.
Chris knelt down and removed Jessica’s coat, tossing it up to his sister. Then he hoisted Jessica’s body up and threw it over his shoulder.
“Come on,” he cocked his head, motioning for Rebecca to follow.
“Can I come back to the house now?” She asked as she followed him through the woods.
“Yeah, you can come back to the house now.”
***
Brad rolled over in bed and kissed Natalia on the cheek.
“Good morning,” he whispered.
She groaned and opened one eye. “Is it really morning already?”
“Yes, silly goose, now get up and get a shower so we can hit the road.” Brad gave her slender frame a squeeze and brushed the platinum blonde hair from her face. “I’ll go get some coffee ready.”
He left Natalia in the bedroom and headed for the kitchen, grabbing his cell phone on the way. As he turned on the Keurig, he heard the shower start and punched a number into his phone, putting it up to his ear.
“Hey, bud,” Will said.
“Hey man, just wanted to let you know we’ll be heading out soon.”
“Alright, sounds good.”
Brad was about to hang up when Will stopped him.
“Brad?”
“Yeah, what’s up?”
“You sure about this?”
Brad hesitated before answering, watching the steaming black coffee as it filled the mug before him.
“Brad?”
“Yeah, Will. I’m sure.” He laughed at himself. “I never realized just how much I would miss mom. I guess ever since we lost her, I’m just a bit nostalgic for the old Spencer Family Tradition, ya know?”
“Yeah… I know.” Will sighed. “I miss her too. Beck’s excited though, she’s been cooking non-stop. She reminds me so much of mom now.”
Brad smiled.
“I can’t wait to get home. Ya’ll are gonna love Natalia.”
“Well, here’s to hoping it’ll be different this time.”
Brad laughed. “Now you sound like Chris.”
***
Chris threw back the hatch and set his lantern down as he climbed down into the pit in the shed. Chains clanked together on the other side and the screaming started again.
“Calm down now, will ya?” He hollered above the screams. “When you gonna realize ain’t nobody gonna hear you out here? All you’re doing is making this harder on both of us.”
He grabbed the lantern and the bucket of food from above and made his way toward the back of the pit.
He emptied the contents of the bucket onto the floor and pulled a water bottle from his cargo pants pocket, tossing it down beside the sloppy excuse for nourishment.
He crouched and reached out for his captive, grabbing her chin and tilting her face toward his.
“Brad will be here later, with the new girl. Maybe if you’re lucky you won’t get to meet her. I hear she’s a real beauty.” He chuckled, caressing her cheek with his fingertips. “No way she’s prettier than you though.”
Jessica grew enraged when he touched her face again and lunged forward, growling like an animal. The length of her chains betrayed her and she fell backward. She started screaming again.
“You know when she finds you… you know she’ll come back to that house don’t ya?” Chris reached forward and thrust his fingers into Jessica’s mouth, pulling down hard on her jaw, forcing her mouth open. “Not like you can tell her otherwise.” He smiled at the empty space in her mouth where her tongue used to be.
Jessica screeched, her body trembling with rage as he allowed his fingers to linger on her chapped lips before he finally turned to leave.
She continued to scream. She continued to strain against her shackles.
She screamed until her throat burned and the hatch was closed again, casting her back into darkness.






The Trial




Joel sat in his car ringing his hands, he was usually a nervous wreck, but today was worse. He stared ahead through the windshield at the plain, white building before him. It looked like any of the other old, small office buildings on the outskirts of the city, but had no signage and looked like no one had worked there in a decade. If it weren’t for the other vehicles in the parking lot, Joel would have thought he had the wrong address altogether. He had no idea what to expect when he went inside. He’d called in sick, of course to his boss Barry’s dismay, and rushed over to the address the mysterious woman on the phone had provided him with the day before.
One hundred thousand dollars. That’s how much was on the line. As long as he didn’t end up disfigured or dead, Joel figured the side effects of testing a new product were the least of his worries. His marriage was on the rocks, he was walking a fine line at work, and he was on the verge of losing his house. All unbeknownst to his wife of course, otherwise she would have already left him and taken the kids with her. This trial was his shot at saving the house and finally focusing on his marriage. At least with that kind of money falling into his lap he’d be able to relax at work, not having to worry about being fired every second of the day.
Finally, willing himself out of his vehicle, he started toward the entrance and a camera to the top left of the door suddenly moved, pointing directly at Joel. He ignored it and pulled on the door handle, but it didn’t budge. He frowned, the glass in the door was tinted so dark that he couldn’t see what lie beyond it. He looked up at the camera and then studied the area around him until he found a single white button with a speaker below it. He pushed it in.
“Yes?” A woman’s voice crackled through, he recognized it from the phone call.
“Uh… yeah, hi. I’m Joel MacCready, I have an appointment for 9 a.m.”
Joel chewed his cuticles, there was an excruciating pause before he heard a buzz and the door popped open. He entered a room as plain as the exterior of the building, but it was surprisingly neat and clean. Pulling the door shut behind him, he smiled awkwardly at two other men sitting in what he figured to be the waiting room. He approached the reception window and a stern looking blonde looked up at him from behind her desk.
“Joel MacCready?” She asked.
He nodded in response, he was glad to finally put a face to the woman’s voice.
“I’ll need two forms of identification and you’ll need to fill out this paperwork and bring it back up to me immediately so we can get started.”
Joel nodded again and fished his wallet out, handing over his driver’s license and social security card. He took the paperwork from the blonde and settled in to one of the uncomfortable chairs. He stared down at the paperwork in his lap and thought it seemed pretty run of the mill, requesting his name, date of birth, address, phone number, and the like. Once he got to the second page there were a few odd questions about his medical history, but Joel pressed on, eager to complete the paperwork. On the final page he found a Release of Liability. He studied it, reading every word, and swallowed a lump in his throat when he came across the word fatality. A crease formed in his brow and he walked up to the receptionist.
“Have you completed the forms, Mr. MacCready?”
“Um… not quite. I just had a question about the liability form.”
He could feel nervous sweat forming on his upper lip and quickly wiped it away, hoping she didn’t notice.
She stared at him expectantly, saying nothing.
“It says something about the possibility of death in here… uh… do you think that’s likely to occur as a result of the trial or…”
He let his sentence trail, his mouth suddenly dry.
The receptionist’s face remained expressionless and she stared at Joel for a moment before finally responding.
“Mr. MacCready, it’s quite a common form and I believe you may be over-analyzing it. However, if you wish, I can buzz you back through the door. You’re free to leave at any time.”
Joel swallowed hard again, considering her offer, the knot in his stomach had yet to subside. He just had an overall uneasy feeling about the whole thing, but that $100,000… he needed it.
“No, no. That won’t be necessary.” Joel forced a smile and quickly signed the liability form, handing it, along with the rest of the paperwork, over to the receptionist.
She took it from him and gave him back his ID cards, instructing him to have a seat. The other two men in the room seemed bored out of their minds, but kept their demeanor stiff enough to thwart off any casual conversation. Joel had never been good with small talk anyway, so he was glad the other men seemed so disinterested.
After what felt like forever, the three men snapped their heads up in unison when the only other door in the room buzzed. The blonde held the door open and asked the men to follow her. They obliged, and in single file, left the waiting room behind them. They entered a long, bright hallway with bare walls. The blonde’s heels clicked loudly on the tile, echoing all around them.
Joel took in his surroundings, but just as with the rest of the building, there was nothing distinctive about the hall. An open door at the end awaited them and they filed through, entering yet another plain room. A petite brunette dressed in white scrubs sat at a desk, reading through what Joel assumed to be the paperwork they’d all been asked to fill out.
“Please have a seat, gentlemen.” The blonde instructed in her monotone voice. “The nurse will take your height and weight, as well as a few blood samples. As I have stated to each of you this morning, you are free to leave at any time.” She stood there a moment, waiting to see if any of the men would get up and go, and then strolled out of the room.
The awkward silence in the sterile room did nothing to calm Joel’s nerves. The site of blood terrified him and he hoped he wouldn’t pass out when it came time for the nurse to take his sample.
The nurse began with the other two men and told Joel to relax when she finally got to him. Joel thought for a nurse that she didn’t have such a great bedside manner; she was quite rough and cold with him, barely speaking. Once she was finished, she gathered up the samples and informed the men that she would return shortly. Shortly turned into an hour and Joel wanted to jump for glee when she finally reentered the room.
“You three can follow me through here,” she said, motioning toward the open door.
Joel finally walked into a room with some personality. There were some abstract paintings on the wall, large, comfy looking chairs, and in the center of the room, a desk with picture frames and other trinkets, giving it a personal touch. A woman in a white lab coat sat behind the desk, paperwork stacked neatly beside the MacBook Pro before her. She wore her dark hair in a tight bun and her thin-rimmed glasses complimented her dainty face.
“Welcome, gentlemen, my name is Dr. Keane.” She flashed a warm smile.
Joel instantly felt at ease. The fact that the doctor was the first human being to smile at him all morning finally made him feel like he hadn’t made a mistake in coming here. Dr. Keane was also quite attractive; Joel didn’t mind that at all.
“I’d like to personally thank you for being here this morning,” Dr. Keane continued. “You have an opportunity here to be among the first to try an innovative new product that has yet to hit the market.”
Joel sensed that the other two men were feeling more comfortable now, their demeanors relaxed and inviting, the complete opposite of how they’d been all morning.
“I apologize for the blood samples and the strict formalities, but as with any new product testing, our company must be sure that we select the perfect candidates for each trial.”
She smiled again, her perfect, white teeth gleaming. It was hard for Joel not to grin in response.
“Now, I’ve compiled a list of instructions for you. They must be followed to a T. Failure to do so will result in a forfeiture of any monies owed and disqualify you from participating in any future research.”
“Just tell us what we gotta do, I’m in,” the first man spoke up.
The doctor nodded. “Great.”
The short nurse opened a closet in the corner of the room and Joel noticed each shelf contained one white box numbered one through three. The nurse removed them and set them down on the doctor’s desk.
“In here are your samples for a product we are tentatively referring to as ADC-47. Think of it as a beverage. Accompanying the beverage samples is a hand-held computer game to test effectiveness and concentration, all results will be uploaded in real time. You’ll also find a blank journal. You’ll be required to document each day of the trial—“
“So we have to keep a diary?” The second man asked.
The doctor did well in hiding her irritation, her smile never wavering, but she put up a hand to signal that she wanted no further interruption.
“The journals are imperative to not only understand ADC-47’s impact on focus and behavior, but to improve it in order to expedite its release.”
Joel considered everything she’d said so far and was still feeling comfortable with it for the most part. He wasn’t the type to typically try new things, especially not when he was the guinea pig, but he could already imagine things getting easier for him and his wife once he had that check in his hand.
“Now, I just have one more piece of paper for you all to sign,” the doctor continued. “Don’t worry, I think you’ll like this one. It’s just stating that as long as you follow the instructions within the box for the next five days you will be rewarded in the sum of one hundred thousand U.S. dollars upon completion of the trial. Any further questions?”
The other two men were hastily signing and dating the final piece of paperwork. Joel held the pen in his hand, staring at the white box. He thought of Adrian and the kids again, how he was doing this for them. He inhaled deeply and scribbled his signature on the line, sliding the paper across the desk toward Dr. Keane.
“Wonderful,” she said, handing the paperwork to the nurse. “Gentlemen, if you’ll take your assigned boxes, I’ll see you next week.”
***
Joel was barely through the door and the family’s little black Pomeranian, Shadow, was already jumping all over him. It was a bank holiday so the boys were home from school, arguing loudly over who got to play what video game first while Adrian yelled from the kitchen that no one was playing anything until chores had been finished. They gave out a collective groan in response.
“Honey, I’m home!” He called out in a silly voice, hoping to elicit a positive response from his wife, but as usual, she ignored him. He waited a moment and frowned, even the boys had nothing to say to him. “Home sweet home,” Joel mumbled, setting his things down and kicking off his shoes in the foyer.
He took a deep breath and exhaled with a sigh, heading for the kitchen. Adrian was cold to him, barely lifting her eyes from the huge pot of sauce she was stirring when he entered the room. He grabbed a beer from the fridge and headed for his man-cave.
“I’ll be in the garage,” he called back to his wife.
He loved the garage, it was the one place in the house where he felt like he belonged. Joel stood in front of his work bench, the white box before him. He popped the lid and found a manila envelope sitting atop the rest of the box’s contents. Joel pulled it out and set it to the side, inspecting the other items: fifteen vials filled with a bright blue liquid, a cheap looking spiral notebook, and a small, handheld gaming device. He picked up the device and turned it over in his hand; it reminded him of some knock-off Gameboy. He chuckled.
Grabbing the envelope, he walked over to his oversized, comfy chair and plopped down. The instructions inside were clear and to the point:
Three doses of ADC-47 must be taken no more than four hours apart for the next five days.
Each day you will be required to document your experiences. This includes, but is not limited to: your interactions with others, your level of focus when completing work and other tasks, your ability to concentrate while multi-tasking, and how you’re feeling both mentally and physically throughout your daily routine while taking ADC-47.
You must turn on your gaming device and complete a minimum of three levels per day. Results will be uploaded via the device’s cellular connection while powered on.
Failure to comply with any of the aforementioned instructions will result in immediate disqualification from this trial and any future trials you may be interested in.
“Okay,” Joel said to himself. “Seems pretty cut and dry. Exactly what the doctor said it would be.”
He got up from his seat and walked back over to the white box, pulling one of the vials from it and held it up to the light. It reminded him of Gatorade, or worse, Windex. He popped the top off and sniffed, but it gave off no odor; Joel figured that was probably a good thing.
“Here goes nothing.”
He swallowed the serum in one gulp and licked his lips, the serum was tasteless. Joel shrugged and placed the empty vial back into the box and grabbed the gaming device, powering it on. The display was as he’d expected: 8-bit and colorless. He was instructed to press start and when he did, laughed out loud when a game similar to Pong appeared on the next screen. He honestly had expected to be a bit more challenged, but he’d take what luck he could get. If he was going to be getting overpaid to play video games for the next five days, he considered that a win. Once he conquered three levels, he returned everything to its right place. He was beginning to feel confident and energetic, he’d need to make note of that in his journal later tonight. He locked the white box under the work bench and headed for the yard.
Jack, the youngest of the twin boys, eventually came outside and told him it was time for dinner. Joel looked around with his hands on his hips, admiring all the work he was able to complete in the yard in such a short period of time.
Adrian mindlessly scrolled through her phone at the table, forcing a smile and a “that’s nice” every once in a while to make the boys think she was still listening. Jack and Tom went on and on about going back to school in the morning, so excited to finally be in the fourth grade. Every time Joel spoke Adrian shot daggers from her eyes at him. He wondered when she’d begun to dislike him so much, but every time he attempted to discuss anything with her she just shut him out.
After dinner, Adrian let the boys mess around on the PS4 while she hopped on the computer. Joel cleaned up the kitchen table, in fact he cleaned the entire kitchen, and then the rest of the downstairs. He would have tackled the garage too, but he realized it was nearly midnight and headed for his bedroom, the cheap, spiral notebook in hand.
***
Day 1
Dear Diary, it’s me, Joel. Ha. I don’t know how this journal thing is supposed to work, so there’s a bit of humor for the folks that’ll end up reading this later.
Today was the first day of my trial. The serum doesn’t taste like anything and at first I was a bit skeptical to even drink it, but I downed all three like I was supposed to. I guess if I don’t wake up in the morning we’ll know I was willfully ingesting poison. Another joke, in case anyone was wondering.
I completed the levels of that 8-bit game. I have to say, I wasn’t expecting something so simple, but it helps to take my mind off things. Anyway, back to the serum, or ADC whatever-it’s-called.
At first I didn’t feel anything, but then it hit me, it was like I drank three Red Bulls all at once, but my heart wasn’t racing or anything. It was great! I did a whole day’s worth of yard work in like three hours and practically cleaned the whole house! Adrian of course didn’t thank me, you’d think she could be grateful for once, instead she told me I was making too much noise. Ah… women.
The only downside that I see so far is that I probably should have started the first dose earlier in the day. It’s like drinking coffee after 5 p.m. and hoping you can fall asleep at a decent hour. Oh well, maybe it’ll be the pick-me-up that I need tomorrow morning. I know Barry will probably have my ass for calling in. If I feel as good as I did today though, maybe I’ll tell him where he can stick it! Just kidding, I don’t think I could talk to my boss that way.
***
The next morning, Joel took Shadow on her morning walk shortly after taking his first dose of ADC-47. He felt rejuvenated despite only getting three hours of sleep. He looked down at the little black dog walking beside him and grinned.
“When was the last time we went for a run, girl?”
Shadow looked up at him, her tongue lolling out of her mouth, she seemed to grin back at him. Joel nodded and picked up the pace, eventually moving from a jog to a full on run. He was putting some serious sneaker to pavement. Shadow pranced along at his feet, enjoying the crisp, autumn morning run beside her master. Joel suddenly felt ten years younger. The duo made it home in time for Joel to shower and change for work. He wasn’t looking forward to it; he’d rather be doing something more productive. At least with this new-found energy he dreaded the day ahead of him a tiny bit less.
He rushed into the office, breaking several traffic laws along the way. He had to complete the reports that he didn’t get to yesterday or he knew he was toast. Just as he sat down at his desk, there was a light knock at the door.
“Come in!” Joel called out.
The door opened and in popped his boss, Barry.
“Mornin’ Joel!” He shouted, far too enthusiastic for Joel’s taste. “Got a second to chat?”
He settled his slender frame into the chair on the other side of the desk before Joel could even answer.
Joel cracked a faux smile. Barry’s mere presence sucked the energy out of him like a vacuum.
“So, Joel, I just wanted to check in with you, make sure things are going okay. You called in yesterday, and you know, that means you weren’t able to get Friday’s reports in to me.” Barry had both his hands on Joel’s desk, tapping the tips of his fingers together like some skinny villain. Joel was suddenly filled with irritation beyond belief.
“Yeah, everything’s fine. I’m just off to a bad start this week, I guess. Besides, I, uh… I thought I had until this afternoon to turn everything in.”
Barry nodded his head and flashed Joel a fake grin.
“Yeah, you see, technically you do. But Joel, if I may be honest here, if all of my employees turned their work in at the last minute every week, I wouldn’t be number one in the region, now would I?”
Joel just stared at him. He hated that fake, bullshit smile plastered across his face. Barry’s beady little eyes coupled with that poor excuse for a beard made Joel just want to scream. Sure, Joel could be honest with the man, tell him about how he and Adrian were having some problems, that his financial woes were practically swallowing him, forcing him to resort to testing some mysterious product in order to save his marriage. But would Barry care? Joel knew better.
Barry tapped on the desk with his index finger. “Yoohoo, Joel. Buddy, you in there?”
Joel’s face flushed. “Yeah, sorry. It’s not gonna happen again, Barry. You have my word. I’ll get these into you ASAP.”
“Great! Just what I like to hear!” Barry clapped his hands together and rose from the chair. He stopped before pulling the door closed and turned back toward Joel. “And Joel, remember, there’s no room for mediocrity on a winning team.”
Joel forced the fake smile to remain on his face until that door was closed and Barry was out of his sight. He exhaled with a whoosh and slumped back in his seat. He’d always hated that asshole, but something just made him really want to rip his head off this morning. Maybe he needed to eat something with his next dose of the serum. He pulled a granola bar out of his desk drawer and fished the next dose from his briefcase.
“Down the hatch.”
***

Day 2
Joel here. Man, what a day! I actually went for a run for the first time in nearly a year this morning. It was great, Shadow definitely loved it too. I always said me and that little dog needed to get more exercise, I think this serum might just be the motivation I needed!
Work was great too, despite Barry scolding me for being behind, but boy, did I surprise him. Once I took my second dose it was like I was in tune with the world. Not only did I get the work I missed on Monday done, but I got all of today and tomorrow complete. I felt like the man! Barry of course had to take credit, saying that our little “pep talk” this morning was what I needed to get me moving in the right direction. Can the guy ever give a compliment or a pat on the back?
I’d love to throw him out a window.
I completed all of the day’s required levels on the gaming device on my lunch break. I seriously cannot get over how such a simple game can be such a stress reliever, especially after I was so irritable this morning. I don’t know if it’s a side effect of the serum, but man did I just want to lay my fist into something.
Anyway, when I got home tonight I actually cooked dinner for a change. The boys complained, saying mommy was a better cook than me, but hey, they ate it didn’t they? Those kids man, so silly. Adrian didn’t say thank you, not like I thought she would. She’s already asleep beside me, she went to bed without even speaking to me again. Can the serum magically fix a marriage? Here’s to hoping, and here’s to an even better day tomorrow.
***
On Wednesday Joel flew through his day, he was on top of the world, unstoppable. Barry swung by his office, not to tell him he was doing a good job, but to ask him to take on twice the workload since he was being so productive.
Joel bit back a string of curse words and instead smiled, giving Barry a thumbs up, his other fist clenched beneath the desk. What he wouldn’t give to beat the man to a pulp. He was eager to get out of the office, to be out in the open air. His face had been red since his morning run, but he chalked it up as another small side effect. He had entirely too much energy built up. His thoughts felt so loud, racing by, it was hard for Joel to focus on just one thing at a time. He wanted to take on everything.
He arrived home that evening and quickly changed. He sprinted from the house, Adrian protesting; he heard her calling out the door behind him, but he ignored her. Joel felt like a well-oiled machine, he’d run for nearly two hours straight and hadn’t even begun to tire. It was dark by the time he returned home. Jack and Tom were already in bed, Adrian was on the couch watching a rerun of some sitcom. She threw down the remote the moment she laid eyes on Joel.
“What the hell is going on with you?” She asked, standing, tightening the belt on her robe.
Joel’s chest heaved, his body felt like it was on fire.
“You come in the house and don’t even say two words to your sons. Didn’t you hear me calling to you? Where the hell is the dog, Joel? She’s been missing all day.”
Joel laughed, pulling his shirt off and wiping the sweat from his brow with it, Adrian was finally talking to him. “Probably ran away.”
Adrian put her hands on her hips. “Are you serious? You think the fact that Shadow is missing is funny?”
Her anger amused him, he couldn’t control the enormous grin on his face, but even worse, he couldn’t control the sudden urge to tear Adrian’s clothes off her body. When was the last time he’d even thought about sex with his wife? He couldn’t remember, but it didn’t matter.
“What are you doing?” She pushed him away when he tried pulling her body into his.
He ignored the question and instead tugged on the belt of her robe and flung it open. Adrian protested as his hands groped at her body. He put a hand over her mouth until he was satisfied that she was starting to enjoy his touch. He snatched her up and threw her over his shoulder, carrying her up the stairs to the bedroom.
***
Day 3
What a day. I ran more today than I have probably in my entire life. My energy levels were through the roof!
It was a little hard for me to focus on one thing in particular, but I got a lot of work done. There was just something strange about today though, I couldn’t really put my finger on it. I didn’t even talk to the kids, hell I wouldn’t have talked to Adrian either, but she was talking to me for a change. Well, more like yelling. Screaming at me about that stupid dog.  The thing was slowing me down this morning, couldn’t keep up with me. She got right up under my feet and made me fall. Fucking dog. I snapped her neck and hid her in some shrubs. I’ll just stick with my story that she ran away.
Anyway, I can’t even begin to tell you how long it’s been since I’ve even been attracted to my wife, but tonight… I think I had the best sex of my life. She’s still in the shower cleaning up and I had to change the sheets because things got a little wild. I hope the blood comes out. I’ve never been a fan of rough sex, but there was just something inside of me that wanted out. I could have gone on for hours.
I also played my required levels today. Man, I guess on day three you people turn the difficulty level on that game up a couple of notches.
I’m actually tired for a change tonight, maybe I’ll finally get a good night’s sleep.
***
The following morning Joel woke up with a pounding headache. He downed his first dose and waited, but the desired effects never came. Instead of wanting to conquer the world, he only wanted to crawl back into bed. He drew all the curtains and searched for his sunglasses, he could barely stomach the soft light in his home. The boys were up and getting themselves ready for school, wondering why mommy had not already begun making them breakfast. It angered Joel to no end that he was so overlooked by his sons. What was wrong with him making them breakfast? All they had to do was ask, but no, they wanted their mother, he was nothing but a paycheck to them. He trudged downstairs and fished out some Pop-tarts from the cabinet, setting them out on the counter for the kids before going back upstairs. He thought a nice, hot shower would do his head some good. He knocked at the bathroom door, hoping Adrian was ready to come out, she’d been in there all night.
“Adrian?” He called out to her, but she didn’t answer.
The shower was running, she’d probably used up all the hot water. Joel balled up his fists, ready to break the door down. What was her problem? They’d finally been intimate and she was right back to ignoring him again. He clenched his teeth and decided to walk away, heading for the boys’ shared bathroom. His marriage was such a sham.
Jack and Tom whined downstairs, complaining about the Pop-tarts. Joel screamed for them to hurry up and catch the bus before slamming their bathroom door. As expected, the water ran cold; Joel was seething. He quickly washed up in the icy water and dressed for work.
He glanced at the clock in his bedroom, he still had a little time before he had to leave. He called out for the boys and made sure they were gone before pulling out the gaming device and a second dose of ADC-47. He wondered if his body was developing a tolerance to the serum and that’s why it wasn’t working this morning. If that were the case, he was pissed. He needed that old feeling, it was addicting, that was for sure, and this headache, how could anyone function with a headache like this?
Joel plopped down on the couch downstairs and started up the device. He struggled to complete the first level of the game; how could something once so easy suddenly be so difficult? He cursed at it and downed his second vial of the blue liquid, starting the level over. In a matter of minutes, he noticed his headache subsiding and he began to feel that calming confidence spreading through him.
He attempted the level again, but failed. Again and again he tried, each time failing. He screamed and reared his arm back, chucking the device at the far wall. It clattered to the floor and Joel stared at it. He instantly regretted his decision and rushed over to it, hoping that it wasn’t broken. The screen, to Joel’s surprise, remained perfectly intact. He breathed a sigh of relief and set it down on the coffee table, he decided that the serum’s full effects hadn’t kicked in yet and left it there, heading in to work.
He kept to himself for most of the day, avoiding contact with anyone else in the office. He felt good when he left the house, but as the day wore on he began to feel more reclusive and angry. He nearly bit the secretary’s head off when she welcomed him back from lunch. He couldn’t concentrate either, the paperwork he’d flown through earlier in the week now looked like a foreign language to him. His vision wavered and his thoughts were borderline incoherent. He could hardly hear himself think, he just knew he needed to get out of there. As he raced to the elevator, he could hear Barry calling to him.
“I know you’re not heading home early, isn’t that right, Joel?” 
Joel’s grip on his briefcase handle tightened, his knuckles bright white.
“You’ve got a nice, little stack there on your desk, Joel. Let’s see you back up here in ten minutes to finish that up. I don’t mind you staying late tonight to ensure it’s done.” Barry called out again.
Joel thought his head might explode, but he managed to plaster a fake smile on his face and turned to Barry. “I’ve got an emergency at home. I’ll be in early tomorrow.”
Barry studied Joel, nodding his head, silently judging him. “You’ve really been having an off week haven’t you?”
Joel wanted to rip his throat out.
He stepped onto the elevator and furiously pressed the close door button. As soon as the doors slid shut he let out an angry cry, kicking the wall in front of him. It was still entirely too early to take his third dose, but Joel didn’t feel like he had a choice.
He was racing home, blowing through red lights and just praying he didn’t get pulled over. What was everyone’s problem? Everyone stared at him, giving him dirty looks. They didn’t know him, they didn’t know what he was going through. Why were they judging him? He just wanted to be alone. One more day, that’s all he had left in this trial. He’d have his money, and maybe that doctor could tell him what was happening, why it wasn’t working the same anymore. Maybe she could give him more and fix the adverse effects.
He burst through the front door and dropped his briefcase at his feet, removing his jacket and flinging it aside. He made a face when he heard the boys giggling in the living room, calling each other names and making fun. He didn’t hear Adrian in the kitchen, he wondered if she was still sulking upstairs. One more day, that was all he needed. The money would be his and life would be better, she’d see.
Joel’s jaw dropped when he walked into the living room. Jack and Tom sat side by side on the couch, fighting over the gaming device.
“Dad, what is this stupid thing?” Jack asked, laughing.
“Yeah, dad, it’s so lame. What year is it from, 1985?” Tom chimed in.
There was a ringing in Joel’s ears and he winced, the pain in his head was back. His twin ten year olds mocked their father from the couch. He was old and incompetent, and his children were calling him out on it.
“Put it down! Now!” He screamed, and the boys exchanged glances.
Jack set the device down on the couch beside him and looked at Tom. They looked up at their father, wicked little smiles on their faces.
“I’m telling mom you yelled at us, loser,” Jack said, taunting his father.
“Yeah, you’ll be in big trouble then, she hates your fucking guts.” Tom snickered.
Why were they talking to him like that? The ringing in his ears grew in intensity and he yelped in pain.
“Look at his face, he’s so stupid looking!” Tom said to Jack, and the boys erupted in laughter.
Joel braced himself against the wall, glaring at the laughing children. He needed more of the serum, and then he would punish them. The boys knew better than to talk to their father like that. They’d be grounded until Joel could figure out what to do with them.
He stomped off to the garage and stared down at the white box on his work bench, there were only tomorrow’s doses left but he didn’t think there’d be any harm in completing the trial early. He just wouldn’t tell the doctor about it. He downed the blue liquid and grabbed a hammer from its place on the peg wall, heading back for the living room.
The boys were gone, their spots on the couch empty. He called out their names, rushing to the kitchen, his rage building. They were messing with him now, playing games with him. He called out their names again, but they didn’t respond. He inhaled deeply, trying to calm himself and caught a glimpse of the wall clock. It was only one in the afternoon, those little shits shouldn’t have even been home from school yet. Boy, were they in trouble. He went out the front door, hammer in hand, looking up and down the block for any sign of the little bastards. He hollered for them and his neighbor across the street cast him a strange look. He shouted at her to mind her fucking business before going back inside. 
Joel sat on the couch and decided to try another level of the game. When the boys got home, they were in some serious trouble.
***
Day 4
I don’t know what’s happening. I don’t understand how one day I’m on top of the world and the next day I can feel like I’ve hit rock bottom.
I woke up with a migraine and I couldn’t concentrate on anything at work today. I had to leave early just so I could get my thoughts in order. I came home and found the boys messing around with the gaming device, I hope it doesn’t interfere with the trial. The little fucks thought it would be funny to play a trick on me, acted like they didn’t come home from school earlier than they were supposed to. I punished them for playing my game too, they know better than to touch their father’s things.
First, I broke their fingers and then I made Jack watch while I hit Tom in the back of the head with the hammer. Some parents use a belt, but I just don’t think that would have been very effective. You should have heard the things they said to me when I found them playing the game! Sometimes you just need to use a little tough love to teach them some respect.
Jack wouldn’t stop screaming so I did the same thing to him that I did to Tom. I put them to bed without dinner. Adrian just refused to talk to me. Not like that’s anything new, but it was getting a little ridiculous. She’d been running the shower for an entire day. I’m not looking forward to that water bill.
I finally broke the door down and there she was, just lying there staring at the wall, wasting all my water. She hadn’t even cleaned herself up yet! Covered in blood like that, what a filthy bitch. I shut the water off, but she still wouldn’t talk to me. I told her all about the trial and the money I’d be making, but I guess she doesn’t care. She’s so ungrateful, I’m at a loss for what else I can do.
I tried over and over again to beat today’s levels, but no matter what I do I can’t complete them. This game is a piece of shit. All I know is that if you’re going to give someone a “required task” then you ought to make it so that they can fucking do it! Thank God I only have one more day of this shit, I thought it was amazing, but now I just realize I can’t handle it.
Barry called me, that son of a bitch, told me we need to have a “serious talk” tomorrow about my behavior. Sure, Barry, let’s talk.
***
The house was nice and quiet, just the way Joel liked it. He woke up without a headache and was thankful. He only had one dose left of ADC-47, but he was happier that this was the last day of the trial than anything else. He’d have his money by Monday and maybe by then things with Adrian would get back to normal. He checked on the boys and they were still asleep in their beds. He didn’t want to wake them so he made sure to leave out some more Pop-tarts on the counter before he left for work. 
As he drove to the office, he wondered if Barry was going to write him up today and then laughed as he took his last dose of the serum.
“Fuck Barry,” he said, tossing the empty vial out the window.
When he pulled in to the parking garage, he made sure the nail gun was working, pressing it down on the empty passenger seat and pulling the trigger. A three inch nail plunged flawlessly through the leather and Joel smiled, satisfied. He put it in his briefcase and headed up to his office.
It was quiet, he normally wasn’t in this early. Joel realized he appreciated the quiet more than he had in a long time; the sounds of his own rushing thoughts over the past few days had been quite unbearable. The secretary shot a nasty look at him. What was her problem? Joel figured she was probably just stressed out and grinned as he walked around her desk, pulling the nail gun out. She turned to look at him, confusion plastered on her face, but before she realized what was happening, Joel had grabbed her and placed the tool against her head. It went off with barely a sound, a small trickle of blood running from the center of her forehead. He picked her up and carried her to his office, sitting her lifeless body in one of the empty chairs.
“Now, just wait here for me, maybe help me out. Take a look at some of this paperwork and sort it,” he said to her, her dead eyes fixed on the ceiling.
He laughed.
“I’m kidding. Just take a break or something, you work too hard.”
Joel closed the door behind him and made a beeline for his boss’s office. He could hear Barry from all the way down the long hall, boasting loudly, on the phone with someone. Joel tapped on the door, holding the nail gun behind his back.
Barry looked up and held out a hand, motioning for Joel to come in and sit. Joel entered, but didn’t sit. He gritted his teeth, his patience wearing thin as Barry carried on about himself and then accepted praise from whoever was on the other end of the line. Joel scanned the paperwork spread out on Barry’s desk, noticing the Final Written Warning waiting for Joel to sign. He sighed, he figured that was what was coming, but he was sure he could talk Barry out of it. Rolling his eyes, he pulled the receiver out of Barry’s hands and slammed it down, prematurely ending the call.
“Excuse me, what do you think you’re doing?” Barry demanded to know, anger in his voice. “You’re really stepping out of line here, Joel. You’re lucky I don’t fire you on the spot!”
Joel smiled.
“Look, Barry, I just want you to take the weekend and reconsider this write up. I’ll have all my work done by the time I go home today, and everything will be back to normal by Monday.”
Barry looked astonished. “Are you kidding me? I can’t believe what I’m hearing.” He laughed, throwing his hands up.
Joel smiled and nodded. “I knew coming in early would be worth it. Thanks for reconsidering, Barry.”
In one swift motion Joel had the nail gun up and firing into Barry’s skull. He thought perhaps he’d give Barry a few extra nails since he was such an over-achiever. When he was finally satisfied, Joel set the gun down on the desk and stared down at Barry.
“I really do appreciate this. I know you’ve always been hard on me, but I think now you’ll finally see that going forward things will be different.”
Joel held out his hand and frowned when Barry ignored the gesture. He reached out and grabbed the man’s hand, shaking it, he would at least have that much respect from him. Before he left Barry’s office, he snatched the write up and tossed it in the shredder.
Joel went from office to office, ensuring his coworkers were satisfied with their work, making small talk, and letting everyone know if they wanted to, they could start their weekend early. Joel decided that today would be casual Friday and tossed his jacket and tie to the floor, returning to his own office and shutting the door.
“Well, time to get to work I guess. Thanks for keeping me company.” He smiled at the dead secretary and sat down, kicking his feet up and glancing at his briefcase.
He shrugged, he was feeling a lot more relaxed today, maybe he’d finally be able to complete one of these harder levels on the gaming device before hitting the stack of paperwork on his desk.
***
The office phone on Dr. Keane’s desk chimed and her receptionist’s voice came through the speaker.
“Ma’am?”
“Yes, Leslie, what is it?” Dr. Keane asked, looking up from her work.
“You have a phone call, it sounds urgent, from a Detective Gordo.”
Dr. Keane frowned. “Alright, send it through.” She waited for the phone to beep and answered. “This is Dr. Keane.”
“Dr. Keane, this is Detective Gordo with Union City PD. How are you this evening?”
“What can I help you with Detective?” Dr. Keane cut right to the chase, she had a ton of work to get through.
“Well, from what I understand you’re currently running a trial on something called ADC-47, is that correct?”
“Yes, that’s correct, although I’m unsure why you’d need to speak with me, I’m extremely busy at the moment. My receptionist would have been able to answer any questions you had regarding the product.”
“Dr. Keane, it’s very important that I spoke with you directly. Would you be able to confirm whether or not a Joel MacCready was participating in your most recent trial?”
Dr. Keane turned to her computer and punched the name in.
“Yes, that’s correct. Though for confidentiality reasons—“
“Doctor, we arrested Mr. MacCready today in connection with the murders of nine people in his office. Upon searching his home we found his two young sons dead in their bedroom and his wife dead in the shower. With a situation like this we can get a warrant in no time, but this’ll all go a lot smoother if I could just meet you up at your office and you willingly hand over any and all samples of this ADC-47.”
Dr. Keane didn’t answer right away. She frowned, lines forming in her brow, as she studied Joel MacCready’s file. She shook her head and finally answered.
“Detective, I’m truly sorry to hear this news. It’s tragic. I’d be happy to meet you at my office, of course, but I think you should know something. Mr. MacCready signed a Release of Liability—“
“That’s beside the point, Doc. If what you’re testing up there is capable of causing another incident like this, the plug’s getting pulled on your whole operation and you’ll be held—.”
“Detective, listen to me,” she interrupted. She placed her head in her hand and sighed. “I can assure you that ADC-47 had nothing to do with this unfortunate incident.”
Detective Gordo snorted. “Oh yeah, how’s that?”
“Joel MacCready never took ADC-47.”
“That’s bullshit,” the detective spat. “He was keeping a journal.”
“Detective Gordo,” Dr. Keane said, her voice firm. “Joel MacCready never took ADC-47. He was given a placebo.”





The End



Stevie Kopas was born and raised in Perth Amboy, New Jersey. She is a gamer, a writer, and an apocalypse enthusiast. Stevie will never turn down a good cup of coffee and might even be a bit of a caffeine addict.

Stevie is the author of post-apocalyptic dystopian series The Breadwinner Trilogy (The Breadwinner, Haven, and All Good Things).

Her fourth book, Never Say Die: Stories of The Zombie Apocalypse, was originally released in May 2016, but is currently unavailable pending rerelease by Permuted Press in first quarter 2018.

Her fifth novel, co-authored with Stephen Kozeniewski, SLASHVIVOR!, was released September 2017.

You can also find Kopas’ short horror stories Nefarious, Patient 63, Spencer Family Tradition, and Camp Counselor’s Wanted in the charity anthologies At Hell’s Gates Vol 1-3 and Man Behind The Mask. All proceeds go to the Intrepid Fallen Heroes Fund or breast cancer research.

She currently resides in Florida and tries to spend as much time as she can soaking up the sun. Stevie is also the Managing Editor of the website Horror Metal Sounds and a writer for the site. 

You can visit the official website at http://someonereadthis.com and connect on Facebook via http://facebook.com/thebreadwinnertrilogy. Follow Stevie on Twitter @ApacoTaco
