

Melvin

Copyright 2019 Caleb M. Golden
Published by Caleb M. Golden at Smashwords



Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your enjoyment only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Melvin
Copyright © 2019 by Caleb Golden.
All rights reserved.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.
Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 1
A gentle breeze drifted through the golden autumn scenery as the denizens of Parker County went about their day. Young children played about in large piles of raked leaves while birds, squirrels and other such creatures dashed and fluttered about in search of food for the upcoming winter. Inside the Parker County Library, three high school girls sat alone at a table whispering amongst themselves.
“So, did you guys hear about Rachel Head getting pregnant?” one of the girls whispered to the other two.
“No shit? By who?” asked the brunette sitting directly across from her.
“She won’t tell anyone,” the girl answered. “I heard her dad’s pissed about it though. Her parents were all set on her going to Stanford next year.”
“Damn, that’s gotta suck.”
“I know, right? She was wanting to terminate it, but both her parents are like avowed pro-lifers and shit. Threatened to disinherit her if she did.”
“So, what, she’s keeping it?”
“Apparently.”
“I’m sorry, but am I the only one who’s actually gonna study for this test?” spoke the blonde girl sitting between them.
“Study, study, study,” the brunette girl replied. “Girl, that’s all you’ve been doing lately.”
“Shhhh!” snipped a skinny, bespectacled librarian as she walked by their table.
The girls waited for her to leave before speaking again.
“As I was saying,” the brunette continued. “This is our last fall together, we should be out having fun.”
“I don’t have time for fun, Brook,” the blonde said, rolling her eyes. “In case you’ve forgotten—”
“Yes, yes, we aaalllll know,” Brook interrupted. “Her majesty Lacey Simmons is going off to Princeton next year and doesn’t have time to mingle with us common folk.”
“Come on, you know it’s not like that,” Lacey argued.
“She doesn’t have time for us, but she does have time for Brad Baker,” teased the girl sitting opposite from them.
“Oh my God, shut up, Gail,” Lacey said, covering her face as she cracked a smile and began to blush.
“Ooh la la, I forgot you were hooking up with Brad tonight,” Brook added.
“We’re not hooking up, Brook. God…” Lacey insisted.
“You’re all alone in that big-ass house, you scheduled this date on a weekend you knew your parents would be gone, you got a pool, a hot tub, a full bar, trust me, you’re hooking up.”
“Jeez, he’s just taking me to a movie and then we’re grabbing a bite to eat afterward, that’s all.”
Both girls merely looked at Lacey like they didn’t believe a word she was saying. Moments later, Lacey glanced up from her notebook and gave a playful smirk before speaking again.
“And if he should just happen to end up staying over for a fun-filled weekend of passionate sex, then what are you gonna do?”
“See? That’s my girl,” Brook teased.
“Embrace that inner ho,” Gail added.
“Ssshhhh!” the librarian snipped once again as she passed their table.
“Sorry,” Lacey whispered, smiling up at the old woman.
The librarian merely gave the three girls a baleful glare as she walked away.
“Jeez, what a bitch,” Gail whispered once the librarian was out of earshot.
As the librarian walked across the spacious room, she glanced back at the three girls. They were all three huddled close and whispering to one another. Cussing her out, more than likely. She knew their type. Rich, good-looking, no doubt popular with the boys. They had enough braincells to know how to spread their legs and use a credit card, but that was about it. Girls like that no sooner belonged in a library than a bull belonged at a bake sale. The librarian glanced over to the table on the far side of the room where a pale teenage boy sat quietly reading all by himself, as he did almost every day. The old woman smiled. It was too bad all the kids in this town couldn’t be like Melvin, she thought as she walked from the room.
Seventeen-year-old Melvin Fitzwater peered over the top of his textbook and watched the librarian exit the room. When the woman was gone, he set his eyes forward and gazed in lustful awe at the three high school girls sitting at the table across the room. He paid particular attention to the girl in the middle. Lacey Simmons. He could look at her all day. Long blonde hair, slim figure, big tits and an ass so perfect you could eat off of it. Dear God, he wanted her. Of course, she’d never look twice at a geek like him. Girls like her never did. No, girls like Lacey Simmons took one look at his scrawny frame and acne-ridden face and couldn’t run the opposite way fast enough. Bunch a snooty, uptight cunts, every last one of ‘em. Still, they sure were nice to look at. Be even nicer to fuck one, he thought.
     He imagined Lacey nude and spread-eagled on his bed. Her skin was smooth and her breasts were perky, her nipples would be firm and rigid. His mind’s eye drifted slowly down her flat, toned belly and found the beautiful pink slit between her legs. She’d have no pubic hair to speak of. No, not a single bump or blemish would desecrate the silky-smooth landscape of Lacey’s womanhood. There would be only soft, angelic flesh, a gorgeous blooming flower glistening with arousal. He’d run his tongue all up and down every gorgeous inch of it, tasting, suckling, lapping up every last drop of her womanly juices. He’d then move his head upwards, teasing and suckling at those perfect breasts, his throbbing erection grinding against her warm belly.
“Melvin! Oh, Melvin!” she’d moan in ecstasy.
Finally, he’d slide himself deep inside her warm, slick tunnel. She’d moan with pleasure as he slowly entered her, burying himself in to the hilt. She’d wrap her legs around his waist and dig her nails deep into his back. She’d cry out in ecstasy when he began to thrust.
“Yes! Yes! Oh, Melvin, yes!” her voice echoed through his head.
     Melvin squirmed in his seat and crossed his legs to hide his growing erection, figuring it best to change his train of thought before he reached the point of no return. His fantasy would be a reality soon enough, he reminded himself. Until then, he’d have to play it cool just a wee bit longer. Stay calm and stay focused. After that, anything goes.
“Don’t look now, but that little weirdo across the room is staring at us,” Gail muttered.
“What weirdo?” Lacey asked, looking up from her notebook.
“Shhh! Don’t look at him!” Gail whispered, lowering her head.
“Ew, it’s Melvin,” Brook whispered. “I’ve heard he lurks around this place.”
“Who?” Lacey asked.
“Melvin Fitzwater,” Brook answered. “He lives in that nasty-ass house over on Cedar Street. The one the city keeps bitching about.”
Lacey glanced over in Melvin’s direction. He did indeed appear to be staring at them.
“He’s looking at you, girl,” Brook teased, giving Lacey a playful nudge.
“Ugh, he is not, he’s probably just staring off into space,” Lacey insisted.
“I’m pretty sure it’s your space he’s interested in,” Gail said with a mischievous grin.
“Ew, shut up,” Lacey giggled.
“Looks like Brad’s got some competition.”
“Oh my god,” Lacey groaned.
“Pretty tough call, there,” Brook added. “Sure, Brad can throw a football, but I bet little Melvin over there can do that Star Trek finger thing.”
“Oh my god, shut the fuck up,” Lacey said, doing her best to keep from bursting into laughter as Brook raised her hand in a Vulcan salute.
“Two in the pink, two in the stink, if you know what I’m saying.”
“Jesus, I hate both of you,” Lacey giggled.
“That little creeper is still staring at us,” Gail whispered.
Brook turned her head and looked across the room.
“Oh my god, he is.”
Lacey looked up from the table and peered over in Melvin’s direction as well.
     Melvin suddenly realized he must’ve been staring when all three girls looked over at him. Panicking, he quickly jerked his head down and pretended to read his book, though he was certain the damage had already been done. Another quick glance confirmed this. They were all huddled together, whispering. About him, no doubt. Their kind always did. He had no way of hearing them from this distance, but he could imagine the gist of their hushed conversation. All the nasty little things they were saying about him. Creep, freak, weirdo, he’d heard it all before. No matter. After tonight, nothing any of these cunts had to say about him would matter. Nothing anyone had to say about him would matter.
“You guys wanna get out of here?” Gail asked. “That little cockroach is giving me the creeps.”
“No arguments here,” Brook said as she closed her notebook and began stuffing it into her backpack.
Lacey began gathering her things as well. Though it wasn’t her style to put down others, she’d be lying if she said the young man wasn’t making her just the tiniest bit uncomfortable.
When Melvin dared to peer up over the top of his book again, he saw Lacey and her friends gathering their studies from the table and getting ready to head out. No doubt a result of his not-so-indirect leers, he thought. Oh well. On the upside, now he’d get to watch them leave. And watch them he did. He didn’t even attempt to conceal his lecherous gaze this time around. In fact, he wanted these uptight twats to know he was looking. Not like looking was a crime, right? Not yet, at any rate. Give it another couple years and there’ll be some fucked up law that says you can’t even do that. Shit, in this day and age, you couldn’t even speak to a woman without her crying rape or misogyny. The way things were going now, society was fast approaching the point where just having a dick would be a goddamn felony. Oh well, what could you do? 
     Melvin watched the girls walk away, paying particular attention to the way their buttocks moved and flexed in their tight blue-jeans. None of the girls so much as acknowledged his presence as they walked out. Not that he’d expected them to. When they were gone, he closed his book and hurried over to their table. The area around the table still carried the lingering scent of their perfume. He took a deep breath, closed his eyes and savored the feminine aroma. When he opened his eyes again, his gaze drifted down to the chair Lacey had been sitting in. After making sure no one was around, he pulled the chair out, got down to one knee, and smelled the seat. There was no real smell to speak of, but just knowing that Lacey had been sitting there…
Melvin was drawn out of his thoughts when he heard laughter outside. Rushing over to the second-floor window, he peered outside and watched as the girls exited the library and began making their way across the street. His gaze again focused on Lacey specifically. The other two were hot in their own right, but Lacey was simply in a league of her own. His hungry gaze followed Lacey as she broke off from the other two, her golden locks swaying in the breeze as she made her way down the sidewalk. His heart beat faster, his jeans grew tight again. A grim smile slowly spread across his face. Yes indeed. After years of fantasizing, tonight was the night that Lacey Simmons, the most beautiful girl in Parker County High would finally induct him into the world of manhood. Whether she wanted to or not...
Chapter 2
As Melvin walked home from the library, he went over the plan in his head. The idea had first come to him last week during lunch when he’d overheard Lacey telling one of her friends that both her parents would be out of town for the weekend, and while the parents were away, Lacey fully intended to play. Just not with him. She planned on going out with her boyfriend, Brad Baker, Parker County High’s star quarterback. While Lacey was out with Brad, her house would be completely vacant. The Simmons family had one of the nicest homes in town. It was one of those big, six-bedroom Colonial homes. Plenty of places for him to hide while he awaited her return. Dear God, just the thought of all the dirty, nasty little things he’d do once he had her all to himself…
Melvin picked up a stick and lazily drug it across a picket fence, looking all around at the golden autumn scenery. Most people thought autumn was beautiful. Melvin didn’t see the appeal. So the leaves changed colors, big friggin’ deal. Melvin crossed the next street and began dragging his stick across a chain-link fence. Moments later, a short, yappy dog came rushing around the side of the house making a terrible racket. The dog, which appeared to be some sort of Scottish terrier mix, ran up to the fence and began viciously barking and snapping at Melvin as he walked by. Melvin merely continued dragging his stick across the dog’s fence and did his best to ignore the disgruntled animal. God, how he hated that little dog. He couldn’t recall a single instance he’d walked down this street and the little bastard hadn’t started barking at him. Just once he wished the little fucker would make it over that fence and take a snap at him just so he’d have an excuse to stomp its tiny little brains right into the goddamn sidewalk…
When he reached the end of the dog’s fence, he chucked the stick down and looked both ways before crossing the street. The further he walked, the less nice the homes around him became. His excitement over Lacey then quickly faded as he came to approach the run-down shack he called home. God, he could only pray the bitch was asleep in her chair, he thought as he crossed the street and began making his way up the crumbling stone walkway. When he got to the front door, Melvin reached out and slowly turned the doorknob, flinching when the latch popped open. He then pulled the door open just wide enough for him to slip through and proceeded to maneuver his way inside.
The tiny house was dark and dreary and its interior smelled heavily of mold and mildew. Shutting the door as gently and as quietly as possible, Melvin entered the laundry room, snuck through the kitchen and peeked around the corner into the living room, mentally cursing upon seeing the fat cow sitting in her easy chair staring at the TV. Melvin looked to the right, seeing his bedroom door. Maybe if he was quiet, she wouldn’t notice him. Stepping carefully, he stayed close to the wall and slowly inched his way toward his bedroom door. He glanced over to the woman in the chair. She didn’t move. He slowly reached forward and gently took hold of his bedroom doorknob.
“Melvin!” the husky voice barked.
Melvin cursed under his breath.
“Yes, Aunt Tess?” he reluctantly replied.
“I hear you sneaking around back there. Get over here!” the voice demanded.
Gritting his teeth and rolling his eyes, Melvin did as he was told. He walked over and stood in front of the woman, doing his best not to cringe as he looked at her.
Aunt Tess was three hundred plus pounds of stretch marks, double chins, and bulging fat rolls all crammed into a pink, cotton nightgown. Melvin often wondered how that poor easy chair—where she spent nine-tenths of her time—was able to hold her without collapsing under the excess weight. Atop her head, she wore at least two-dozen pink hair curlers. On her face, a small pair of silver-rimmed glasses and a seemingly permanent scowl. Melvin crossed his arms behind his back, resisted the urge to grimace and smiled down at the hideous woman.
“Yes?” he asked.
“Where the hell have you been all morning?” Aunt Tess barked.
“Library,” he answered.
“A likely story,” the woman sneered.
“You can call up there and check if you want. Brenda helped me find a couple things I was looking for, so she can vouch for me.”
“Hmph,” Aunt Tess scoffed, reaching over and grabbing the cup and saucer from the TV tray next to her. “Well, wherever you really were, I sure hope you took the time to go looking for a job. I’m guessing I shouldn’t hold my breath though. I’ve been easy on you ‘cause of everything that went down, but it’s high time for you to grow the hell up and start bringing some goddamn money into this house.”
Aunt Tess took a sip of her tea before continuing her tirade.
“Only reason I agreed to take you in in the first place was that little check that comes every month. If I’d had any sense, I’d have told ‘em to ship you off to the nearest boy’s home. Live and learn, I suppose.”
She paused momentarily to take another sip of her tea.
“At any rate, you’ll be eighteen in a few months. Uncle Sam ain’t gonna be paying your room and board here much longer, and you sure as to hell ain’t gonna keep living here on my dime.”
“I know, Aunt Tess,” Melvin replied with a forced smile. “If you’ll recall, you reminded me of this yesterday when I first walked through the door as well.”
“Don’t get lippy with me, boy!” the portly woman hissed. “You’ll be a man soon, and it’s high time you started acting like it. Ain’t a woman’s place to pay a man’s way. I don’t give two shits what any of these new-age hippies think, it ain’t the natural order of things.”
Melvin did his best to retain his fake smile as the woman continued to berate him.
“Anyway, if you’re old enough to fight and die for your country, you’re old enough to get off your ass and go bring some money into this house. Whether you do that by flipping burgers or sucking dick on the street corner makes no difference to me. You just best make sure that when that little check stops coming, you got a steady stream of cash to make up for it, you hear me?”
“Yes, Aunt Tess,” Melvin said.
“Good,” the woman sneered. She then turned her attention back to the TV, signaling that the conversation was over.
On that note, Melvin smiled big, walked away, and went to his room.
Fuckin’ bitch, Melvin thought as he shut the bedroom door behind him. Who the hell did she think she was? It wasn’t like he enjoyed living in this goddamn roach museum she called a house. He set his backpack near the head of the bed and flopped himself down on the mattress. Oh well, to hell with her anyway. The fat cow would get hers soon enough.
Stretching out on the mattress, Melvin hugged the pillow to his chest and yawned. His mind drifted to Lacey. He imagined how her smooth, naked body would feel against his. The front of his jeans began to tighten and he squirmed with pleasure. All his dreams, all his fantasies, every filthy, dirty little thing he’d ever wanted to do with a girl, it was hard to believe it was just hours away from becoming a reality.
Melvin’s tired gaze drifted to the backpack at the head of his bed. Reaching out, he pulled the backpack closer, unzipped one of the side pockets and fished out a small, silver house key. He held the key in front of his face and looked it over for several moments. He then slowly closed his fist around it and smiled grimly when he thought back to how he’d gone about obtaining it…

The football team had been practicing out on the field that day. Naturally, as the star quarterback, Lacey’s boyfriend Brad was among the team members practicing. It was unofficial tradition at Parker County High that cheerleaders watch their boyfriends practice. Lacey was no exception. Her and a half-dozen or so other girls had been sitting on the bench and talking amongst each other while the boys ran about on the field. Unbeknownst to them, Melvin had been hiding out under the bleachers. As much as he’d wanted to take his time to enjoy the voyeuristic scenery, he’d been on a mission.
Lacey’s purse had been sitting next to her. Looped around the strap was the keyring containing her house key. Melvin knew he’d have to be quick. As Lacey and her friends prattled away, Melvin had slowly reached his hand toward her purse, stopping just short of his fingertips touching the sunlight. He’d hesitated for what seemed like a lifetime. His heart had been pounding and a bead of sweat had gone creeping down his brow. If he were caught doing something like this…
Swallowing the dry, scratchy lump in his throat, Melvin took a deep breath and as quickly and silently as possible, he’d reached up through the bleachers, unhooked Lacey’s keyring, and snaked his arm back out of sight in just under a full second. Jerking his arm back and hugging the keys to his chest, he’d then quickly backed away from the bleachers and listened. He’d half expected to hear one of the girls scream out in fright upon seeing his hand reach out from under the bleachers, alerting not only Lacey to his presence, but the entire football team as well. The muscle-bound jocks would then come running and find him lurking about under the bleachers, no doubt pickpocketing and trying to get an eyeful of their girls. He shuddered to think what would’ve happened to him then. Luckily for Melvin though, it hadn’t happened. None of the girls had screamed and none of the jocks had come rushing under the bleachers to give him the thrashing of his life. Indeed, nobody had seen him snatch Lacey’s keys, but he wasn’t out of the woods just yet. He still had to get off the football field without being seen. Slowly and carefully, Melvin had inched his way to the edge of the darkened bleachers. After making sure the coast was clear, he’d then waited for the football team to take their next lap before slinking around the corner and breaking into a run once he was out of sight. As he ran away from the field, Melvin had once again expected to see a mob of angry jocks on his tail, but once again, this didn’t happen. Even so, he didn’t stop running until he was nearly half a block away from the school. Drenched in sweat and panting for breath, Melvin had leaned himself up against a nearby tree. After taking several minutes to calm his burning lungs, he’d then looked down to the keyring clutched in his sweaty palm and smiled.
After regaining his wind, he’d walked up to the local hardware store and had a copy of Lacey’s house key made. The next morning at school, he’d dropped Lacey’s keyring by the office, claiming to have found it near the parking lot, and the first, and arguably most risky step of his plan had been completed…

Smiling to himself, Melvin slipped the key back into his backpack. After that, he unzipped the side-pocket and fished out the full bottle of sleeping pills he’d shoplifted last week. He then rolled over onto his back and held the bottle up to his face, staring at it for the longest time.
To most people, the mere thought of suicide is nothing if not unfathomable, Melvin thought. Then again, most people, no matter how bad their lives may get, could always find at least one reason to keep on going. Not him though. While the thought of dying wasn’t exactly appealing, the thought of continuing to live was even less so, at least as far as he was concerned. His life wasn’t exactly terrible, he thought. God knew there were people who had it far worse. It wasn’t really even his life he had a problem with, but the concept of life in general. What was his purpose? What was his reason for being here? What could the future possibly hold for someone like him? Not a day went by that Melvin didn’t ask himself these questions. Family? College? A career? Not likely. Not for him, at any rate. Family? Both his parents were dead. Killed by a drunk driver just last year. The only family he had left was that pink hippopotamus currently sipping tea in the living room.
College? Fuck that. A bunch of fat, screeching feminazis with nose rings and braided armpit hair all marching around campus harping about micro-aggressions and white privilege? Thanks, but no thanks. A week of that shit and he’d be picking his classmates off from the nearest clock tower. Besides, who was gonna pay for it? Aunt Tess? Yeah, that’ll happen. Right after that bus full of barely legal porn stars breaks down in front of the house. Pay for it himself? Even better. Work multiple jobs, balance classes on top of that, get himself a couple hundred thousand dollars in debt all so he could turn around and spend the rest of his life mopping sweat and vomit off a gymnasium floor in order to pay it all off. Sounds fun. Hell, a college degree might get you somewhere in life if you were born with a silver spoon in your mouth and could borrow a couple hundred grand from mommy and daddy to start a practice. For people of his economic class, however, he’d be lucky if that fancy little degree made him the smartest fry cook at Burger King.
Yes indeed, Melvin thought, as much as he despised Aunt Tess, she wasn’t wrong about the kind of future that life had in store for him. Flipping burgers or sucking dick on the street corner, if those were the best two options life had to offer him, then he was afraid he’d have to respectfully decline. Melvin turned the bottle in his hand. Two-hundred capsules, he thought. Should be more than enough to get the job done. He’d read online that between five hundred thousand to a million teens attempt suicide each year. Attempt being the key word. Melvin figured most kids who attempted suicide didn’t have their hearts in it. They’d pop a couple dozen allergy tablets, get cold feet and go running to mommy and daddy to take ‘em to the ER. Nine times out of ten, the ones who meant it were the ones who actually succeeded. They were the ones who for whatever reason got truly fed up with planet earth’s unending bullshit and decided to give life the ultimate Fuck you, I’m out. A path that he himself had chosen to follow. But not just yet. Oh no. If he was going out, it would be on his terms. But he’d worry about that later. Now was the time to eat, drink, and be merry, because before this night was at an end, Lacey Simmons would finally be his.
Melvin slipped the bottle of pills back into his backpack, rolled onto his back and began thinking about Lacey again, smiling as he closed his eyes and once more envisioned the girl writhing and bucking beneath him.
“Melvin! Oh, Melvin!”
Melvin’s hand slipped down the front of his jeans and he took hold of his rapidly growing erection, slowly pumping himself to the lustful images in his head.
“Melvin! Melvin! Melvin!”
“MELVIN!!!!” Aunt Tess’s grating voice bellowed from the living room.
Sucked out of his train of thought, Melvin cursed under his breath and quickly stuffed his now dying erection back into his pants. What did that fat fucking cunt want now? he wondered as he zipped his pants and scrambled off the bed. Opening the bedroom door, he poked his head out and gave an obedient smile.
“Yes, Aunt Tess?”
The woman craned her flabby neck around and scowled at him before turning her attention back to the TV.
“Make me some oatmeal,” she ordered without bothering to look back at him.
Melvin merely maintained his smile and walked to the kitchen without another word.
Goddamn bitch, he thought as he opened the cupboard and pulled out a box of oatmeal packets. God forbid she get off her fat ass and make her own damn slop for once. After grabbing the milk and butter from the fridge, Melvin poured two packets of oatmeal and the required amount of milk into a bowl and popped it in the microwave. He then leaned himself against the counter and crossed his arms as he waited for it to cook.
As he waited on the microwave, Melvin’s eyes slowly scanned the kitchen. He looked to the floor, to the fridge, and to the broom closet. He then caught movement from the corner of his eye and looked back down to the floor. A cockroach quickly scurried across the dirty linoleum and disappeared under the cupboard beneath the sink. Melvin’s gaze lingered on the cupboard for several moments. He then briefly glanced down to the bowl of oatmeal slowly spinning in the microwave before proceeding to look back over to the cupboard once more, a malicious grin slowly spreading across his face.
Opening up the cupboard, Melvin knelt down and considered his options. Bleach? Too noticeable. Drano? No. Comet? No, no, these wouldn’t do at all. Just when he was about to give up, he spotted the moldy box of D-Con mouse poison near the back of the cupboard. Less than a half-second later, the microwave dinged, signaling that the oatmeal was ready. Keeping his eyes firmly on the D-Con, Melvin’s smile broadened…
“Did you put butter and brown sugar in it?” Aunt Tess grumbled as Melvin carried the steaming bowl of oatmeal into the living room.
“Two spoonfuls of brown sugar, three spoonfuls of butter,” he replied with a smile as he set the bowl and spoon on the TV tray.
Aunt Tess pulled the tray close, picked up the spoon and leaned forward to take a bite. Melvin watched patiently as the woman brought a piping-hot spoonful of the sugary oatmeal to her lips and began to gently blow on it. He then watched as she popped the end of the spoon in her mouth and began to chew. Just then, Aunt Tess suddenly wrinkled her nose and glared over at Melvin. A cold chill ran up the young man’s spine and he feared he’d been found out. Still, he maintained his innocent smile as best he could.
“Everything okay?” he asked.
“You got it too damn sweet,” she replied. “Get me a glass of milk.”
After mentally breathing a sigh of relief, Melvin smiled and made his way back into the kitchen. Once there, he poured a glass of milk and brought it back to Aunt Tess. The woman took the glass and guzzled down nearly half of it before she began digging into her oatmeal once more.
“Was the milk to your liking?” he asked, smiling brightly.
Aunt Tess looked over at him and narrowed her eyes.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” she asked, eyeing him suspiciously.
“Nothing,” he answered. “Just wouldn’t wanna trouble you any more than I already have.”
She glared at him a moment more before returning her attention to the TV.
“It’s fine. You can go,” she told him before taking another bite of the oatmeal.
Melvin then smiled and walked back to his room, but not before pausing at the door just long enough to watch Aunt Tess take yet another bite of her oatmeal. After slipping back into his bedroom and plopping himself back down on the mattress, the young man set the alarm on his phone for 6:30 PM, stretched himself out on the bed and closed his eyes before finally drifting off to sleep…
Chapter 3
Melvin found himself standing in a candle-lit room. The room smelled of hot wax and fresh rose petals and was illuminated only by the small dancing flames from the countless dark red candles lining the room. In the middle of the room sat a large, circular bed with red silken sheets. Standing at the foot of that bed dressed only in a matching silk robe was none other than Lacey Simmons.
“Melvin,” the girl whispered as she took a step toward him, her voice low and sensual. “Melvin, I need you.”
Melvin swallowed as Lacey approached him, untying her robe and allowing it to fall to the ground. He instantly grew hard just looking at her smooth, tanned body in the glowing candlelight. Her perfect breasts, her succulent lips, her shining blue eyes, it was enough to drive a man completely mad. Before he knew it, they were standing nose to nose. Lacey reached forward and slowly wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him to her. She kissed him deeply, slow and passionate. He melted into the kiss, savoring the taste of her. Lacey broke the kiss and stared deep into his eyes for just a moment. Her hands then roamed down his chest and began untying the belt of his robe. Never once breaking her lustful gaze with him, she slipped the robe from Melvin’s shoulders and lowered herself to her knees.
Melvin tilted his head back and moaned when Lacey took him into her mouth. It was all he could do not to bust then and there. The girl moaned in ecstasy as she slowly slid her lips up and down his member. Melvin began to gently pump his hips as Lacey took him even deeper into her mouth, squeezing his buttocks and pulling him closer to her. Just when Melvin was approaching the point of no return, Lacey removed her mouth and quickly rose to a stand.
Melvin,” the girl repeated as she slowly backed away and sat herself down on the bed. “Melvin, I need you.”
She slowly stretched herself out on the red silken sheets and opened her legs wide.
“Melvin…” she called, her eyes pleading, her heavenly loins glistening with arousal. “Melvin, hurry…”
Without wasting another moment, Melvin practically hurled himself onto the bed and crawled between her legs. Breathing hard and shaking with lust, the young man took his cock in his hand and began rubbing the tip against her dripping womanhood.
“Melvin! Oh, Melvin!” Lacey moaned, throwing her head back and squeezing her breasts.
Melvin closed his eyes and shivered in ecstasy at the feeling of Lacey’s warm slit on the tip of his penis.
“Melvin, do it now!” Lacey begged.
Opening his eyes, Melvin then lined himself up to Lacey’s entrance and slowly fed his cock into the girl. Lacey bit her bottom lip and squirmed with pleasure as Melvin entered her, squeezing and clawing at those perfect breasts of hers. Melvin closed his eyes and moaned as his throbbing member sank inch by inch into Lacey’s warmth, her inner walls squeezing and tightening around him, pulling him deeper inside.
“Oh, Melvin,” Lacey whimpered, lifting her rump up off the mattress and taking him even deeper.
Waves of pleasure went slithering up Melvin’s spine as he buried himself in as deep as he could go, feeling as though he were melting inside of her. It was the single greatest feeling he’d ever felt in his life.
“Melvin, fuck me!” Lacey cried, wrapping her arms around his neck and pulling him into a kiss.
Their lips collided. Lacey forced her tongue deep into his mouth. She tasted to Melvin like sweet strawberries. Melvin kissed her back and began to thrust. Lacey gasped and threw her head back against the pillow.
“Melvin, yes!” the girl moaned, wrapping her legs tightly around his waist. “Melvin! Oh Melvin!”
Melvin gasped and grunted as he rapidly thrust into the girl, her heels pressing into his buttocks, her fingernails digging into his back. He knew he wasn’t going to last long. Sure enough, no sooner had he finished the thought did the warm, slick pleasure in his loins begin building to a climax.
“I’m gonna cum!” Melvin whimpered, shutting his eyes tight and thrusting even harder into the girl.
“Cum for me, baby!” Lacey cried. “Melvin! Melvin! Yes! Yes!”
As Melvin approached orgasm, the room began to take on an unpleasant smell, no longer smelling of roses or hot candle wax, but of mold and wood rot. Lacey’s voice began to change as well.
“Melvin! Melvin! Oh God, Melvin!” the new voice began to moan, growing deeper, raspier. It was a voice Melvin knew all too well.
Melvin quickly opened his eyes, and much to his horror, it was not Lacey who was squirming and moaning beneath him, but Aunt Tess instead.
“Melvin! Oh, Melvin!” the hideous woman moaned, her veiny, sagging breasts and moist, fleshy fat rolls jumping and slapping to the rhythm of his thrusts.
Melvin wanted to scream and roll off of her, but his body refused to obey him. Instead, he continued to thrust hard and deep into the moaning woman, her rancid breath bringing tears to his eyes.
“Cum for me, Melvin! Cum for Aunt Tess!” the woman moaned, her fat, stubby fingers squeezing his buttocks.
Against his will, Melvin’s pleasure built to an explosive finish and the young man did exactly as he was told…

Melvin’s body jerked and he awoke with a fright, gasping and lurching to a sitting position. Eyes wide and breathing ragged, he quickly jerked his head every which way. It was dark. He was in his own bedroom, nary a sign of Lacey or Aunt Tess anywhere to be found. It had all been just a dream. Melvin breathed a sigh of relief and then attempted to lay back down before suddenly cringing at the warm, squishy feeling in the front of his underpants. Apparently not everything had been a dream.
“Fuck!” Melvin spat, throwing the covers off and hopping out of bed. He slipped the soiled underpants down his legs before balling them up and using them to wipe the mess from his lower abdomen.
“Melvin!” Aunt Tess’s voice called, followed quickly after by the vile sounds of the woman emptying her stomach contents into the toilet bowl.
Melvin briefly paused when he heard her voice. A grim smile then spread across his face.
“Be right there, Aunt Tess,” Melvin called back.
The young man then pulled on a T-shirt and a pair of jeans before exiting the bedroom.
He found Aunt Tess in the bathroom knelt down in front of the toilet, her skin sweaty and pale, her body shaking uncontrollably.
“Yes, Aunt Tess?” Melvin said from the doorway.
“Melvin, call nine one—”
The woman didn’t get a chance to finish her sentence before she lurched and threw up again.
“I’m sorry, what was that?” he asked with a smile.
“Call 911, dammit!” Aunt Tess snapped.
“Ohhhh,” Melvin replied. “Yeah, that makes sense. See, I couldn’t make out what you said what with all the vomiting and such.”
Before Aunt Tess could respond, she once again stuck her head over the stool as another rush of hot bile came rushing up her throat.
“Yeah, I’ll just go make that call then,” Melvin added, smirking as he turned to leave the room.
Walking into the kitchen, Melvin took a deep breath and smiled, his eyes briefly glancing to the phone on the wall as he walked over and pulled one of the kitchen drawers open. Knives, barbecue forks, a meat hammer, nothing felt quite right to him. That is until he found the twelve-inch ice pick near the back of the drawer.
Grabbing hold of the wooden handle, Melvin lifted the ice pick up out of the drawer and held it out in front of him, seemingly mesmerized. Turning the pick sideways, he then ran his index finger down the length of its cold steel shaft before lightly pressing his fingertip to the point, which was sharp to the touch.
“Melvin!” Aunt Tess moaned from the bathroom, her voice wrought with anguish.
Glancing in the direction of the bathroom, Melvin smiled and tightened his grip on the ice pick.
“Be right there,” the young man called back, his eyes once again coming to focus on the deadly tool clutched tightly in his hand…
Aunt Tess was dry heaving by the time Melvin made his way back into the bathroom. Her throat was raw and her insides burned like fire. Wheezing hard, she looked over to see Melvin walk into the bathroom with both arms crossed behind his back.
“Well? Are they coming?” the woman gasped.
Instead of answering, Melvin merely smiled, pulled his left arm from behind his back and set the moldy box of D-con on the edge of the tub, turning it so that she could read the front label. Still clutching the rim of the toilet bowl, the sickly woman stared at the box for only a moment before looking back up at Melvin, who was still smiling down at her.
“Did you enjoy your oatmeal today?” he asked. “I made it special.”
Melvin moved his right arm from behind his back, revealing the ice pick clutched tightly in his hand. Aunt Tess’s beady eyes went wide with horror. Before the woman had a chance to scream, Melvin reached out, snatched her by the back of the head and shoved her face into the toilet bowl.
Aunt Tess thrashed and gurgled as Melvin held her face underwater, drowning her in her own vomit. While thrashing about, her hand eventually found the toilet handle and she flushed the stool, giving her several precious moments to suck air into her burning lungs. Before she even finished sucking in her first breath, however, Melvin raised the ice pick high and drove it into her back. Aunt Tess screamed like a stuck pig. Melvin yanked the deadly tool from her back and stabbed her again, a sadistic smile etched across his face. The woman’s screams became strained gurgles when the toilet bowl refilled, once again submerging her face in water. Licking a speck of Aunt Tess’s blood from his upper lip, Melvin yanked the pick from her back once again and drove it deep into the back of her neck. There was a loud, wet crunch when the pick sank into Aunt Tess’s neck and the woman’s body began to twitch and convulse.
Toilet water splashed to the floor and droplets of blood went splattering against the walls as Melvin laid into the woman again and again, relishing the feel of the pick sinking deep into her fatty flesh. When he at long last tired out, Melvin pulled Aunt Tess’s head from the toilet bowl and allowed her body to fall to the bathroom floor with a wet splat.
The woman’s eyes were rolled to the back of her head. A mixture of blood and toilet water oozed from her mouth. Several of her hair curlers were floating in the toilet bowl. Standing over her with the ice pick still clutched tightly in his hand, Melvin simply stared down at the woman as he breathed hard and attempted to regain his wind. He’d killed her, he thought as he watched her blood slowly go spreading across the bathroom floor. Turning his head, he looked over into the bathroom mirror. His eyes were fierce. His shoulders rose and fell. His pasty white face was speckled with Aunt Tess’s blood. Looking down to the front of his pants, he also noticed he had a throbbing erection. He’d killed the woman, his mind repeated. A vicious smile then formed on his face. He’d killed the woman…and it felt fucking great.
Just then, the alarm on his phone began to sound from the bedroom, drawing him out of his thoughts. He then looked back down to Aunt Tess’s body, smirking as he did so.
“Love to stay in and chat, but I gotta start getting ready for my date tonight,” he said as he turned to leave. On that note, Melvin turned and made his way back to his bedroom, leaving Aunt Tess’s bloody, waterlogged corpse to rot on the bathroom floor.
After washing the blood from his body and throwing on some clean clothes, Melvin emptied his backpack out on the bed and did a mental checklist.
Pills?...check.
Duct tape?...check.
Ice pick? Binoculars? Lacey’s house key? Check, check, and check. After making sure he had everything he needed, he placed the items back in his backpack, pulled a hooded sweatshirt over his T-shirt and swung the backpack over his shoulders before exiting the bedroom. As he crossed the hall, he stopped in front of the bathroom doorway and peered in at Aunt Tess’s corpse once more.
“I’m leaving now,” he said. “Don’t wait up, okay?”
Grinning, he then made his way through the house and out the backdoor. After stepping outside and shutting the door behind him, Melvin smiled, took hold of his backpack’s shoulder straps and took a long, deep breath of the cool autumn air. The night was quiet. The streets were dark and still. While the nighttime breeze was cool and brisk, it wasn’t chilly or unpleasant. For whatever reason, looking at it now, Melvin saw a sort of beauty in the desolate autumn night, like the night itself belonged solely to him. And the way he saw it, that thought wasn’t too awful far from reality. This was his night, he told himself. His night, his rules, his will be done.
Taking one more deep breath, Melvin smiled, pulled his hood up over his head, and set off into the dark autumn night, quivering with anticipation as he began to think about all the dark, forbidden pleasures said night would surely bring…
Chapter 4
Keeping his head down low, Melvin walked at a steady pace through the darkened streets toward Lacey’s house. A car passed him by only once during his trek. Aside from that, the only other sign of movement was from the gentle breeze blowing dried leaves across his path. He picked up a stick and began dragging it along a white picket fence. The night was quiet and peaceful. It gave him time to think about everything. He’d killed his own Aunt tonight. Killed her dead, just minutes ago. He was also planning on raping and very likely murdering a girl this night as well. And when it was all said and done, he had every intention of taking his own life. Not a bad little plan, if he said so himself.
Most people would consider his train of thought crazy or psychotic, if not completely insane, and in all fairness, he could see why people might think that. But was he insane? Was he really? He didn’t think so. If anything, Melvin considered himself ahead of the curve. He had no desire to continue living. Not in this world, not in this society. He’d decided weeks ago that he’d rather end it all and be done with it. His parents were gone, he had no friends, he had no discernable future ahead of him, so why go on? Why fight a battle you know you can never truly win? Perhaps life held meaning to some, but to Melvin, the prospect of life held only the promises of loneliness and stagnation. Why even bother? Best to end it all and be done with it now. Most people shuddered at the thought of death. To Melvin, it was just a part of life. Maybe it was weird, maybe it was crazy, maybe he was simply desensitized, but the idea of death simply did not affect him. People died every single day, after all. The only difference was that most people didn’t have the privilege of knowing nor choosing just when, where, and how their death would occur, and the way Melvin saw it, that gave him a homefield advantage. His life would not be laid claim to by a freak accident like his parents. He would never fall victim to things like cancer or old age, rather he controlled his ultimate fate. He decided when, where, and how it all ended. Knowing this gave him a sense of freedom. He knew he wouldn’t be around for court trials or prison sentences. He knew he wouldn’t be around to face the consequences for anything he decided to do from this point on. Indeed, in a world where you didn’t have to face consequences, there was nothing you couldn’t do, nothing you couldn’t have. In a world without consequences, you were practically God. He was liking the idea more and more by the minute.
As Melvin walked, he eventually came upon the house with the yappy little dog. Dragging his stick across the chain link fence, it didn’t take long to get the animal’s attention. The small dog came rushing around the side of the house and began barking up a storm. Melvin stopped walking and merely stood and watched the annoying little creature as it barked, snapped, and snarled at him through the fence. With a malicious grin, Melvin took the stick in both hands and jammed it through the chain link fence as hard as he could, puncturing the dog’s left eyeball. The yapping animal flew into a loud, yelping frenzy as it quickly backed away from the fence and began pawing at its ruined eyeball. Melvin gave a satisfied smile. Moments later, the front door to the dog’s house suddenly burst open.
“Rascal, shut up!” a voice yelled from the open doorway.
Seeing this, Melvin quickly chucked the stick aside and took off running down the street…
********
Melvin turned right when he reached the corner of Vandalia Street. He crossed over to the right when he reached the end of Hendrix. Finally, after making a left at the end of Jackson, he stopped and stood under a streetlamp, a sadistic grin spreading across his face as he gazed out at the Simmons’ house at the end of the street.
Licking his lips in anticipation, Melvin fished his phone from his pocket and checked the time. 6:52. Brad was supposedly picking Lacey up around 7:15, he thought. That would give him plenty of time to get into position. Putting his phone away, Melvin then placed both hands in his pockets and nonchalantly began making his way down the sidewalk once more. When he reached the end of the sidewalk, he stopped and looked both ways before crossing the street and stepping onto the sidewalk in front of Lacey’s house. Melvin acted as casually as possible as he walked past the Simmons’ front yard, heart racing and palms sweating. When he reached the edge of the property, he looked all around to make sure the coast was clear. He then quickly stepped into the yard and pressed himself up against the privacy fence. Ducking low and keeping himself close to the fence, Melvin scurried across the perimeter and into the pitch-black darkness of the side yard. Once he felt he was successfully hidden within the shadows, he crouched down and took just a moment to compose himself.
Holy shit, he was really doing this, he told himself as he licked the sweat from his upper lip and did his best to calm his nerves. Once his nerves idled down a bit, he looked up at the side of the house and saw light coming from the second-floor window. Lacey’s room, he thought, his pants suddenly growing tight. She was probably getting ready for her date right now. In his mind, he saw Lacey in her bedroom. Her hair was wet and she wore nothing but a fluffy white towel wrapped around her body. In the midst of his fantasy, he suddenly recalled the binoculars in his backpack. He then craned his neck upwards and looked up into the thick, bushy branches of the cedar tree he happened to be leaning against, smiling as he did so…
After retrieving the binoculars from his backpack and hanging them around his neck, Melvin slung the backpack over his shoulders once more and began to climb the tree. He got caught in the thick branches once or twice in his ascent up, but finally he got high enough up to where he was level with Lacey’s window. Heart pounding, he quickly raised the binoculars to his face, adjusted the focus, and peered into Lacey’s window. From what he could see, which to his dismay wasn’t very much, Lacey’s bedroom was vacant. The room was pretty basic, he thought. Girls like Lacey, he’d always imagined their bedrooms being adorned with girl scout trophies and wall to wall pink wallpaper, maybe a couple teddy bears and stuffed unicorns scattered about the shelves or piled up at the head of their beds. Instead, the walls were white with beige carpeting. Framed pictures of friends and family adorned the walls and there was nary a stuffed animal in sight. Melvin was so caught up in his observations that he nearly jumped when Lacey herself stepped into view.
His heartbeat quickened and his mouth went dry. Just like in his fantasy, Lacey’s hair was wet and her body was wrapped up in a white towel. He contemplated pinching himself to see if he was dreaming, but instead decided to keep gazing in at the golden-haired goddess before him. His jeans grew tight and his hands began to tremble as he watched Lacey pace the bedroom in nothing but her towel. Just when he thought he couldn’t get any luckier, without so much as a hint of warning, Lacey pulled the towel from around her body and began to dry her hair. Melvin’s jaw practically fell in his lap and it was all he could do not to cream his jeans as he gazed in awe at Lacey’s body. It was better than he’d even imagined. Her belly was smooth and flat. Her perfect breasts jiggled as she dried her hair. Her golden-brown tan covered her entire body. From what he could see, she didn’t have a single tan line. If he had any one complaint, it was that Lacey’s pubic area wasn’t smooth and hairless like he’d imagined it. Instead, a thin tuft of golden hair obscured his view.
As he gazed in at Lacey in all her perfection, he was tempted to take his cock out and rub one out right then and there, but he didn’t get the chance before Lacey chucked her towel aside and walked out of his line of vision. Cursing under his breath, Melvin leaned to the left to get a better view. He still couldn’t see her. Feeling flustered, he leaned even further. That’s when he lost his balance and began to fall. Throwing his arms out, Melvin cursed as he slid off the branch and proceeded to smack nearly every last limb on his way down. When he finally landed in a heap at the base of the tree, he simply laid there for the longest time. More embarrassed than hurt, he then cursed under his breath and lazily lifted himself to his hands and knees. His body ached and he’d sustained numerous scrapes and scratches during his reluctant descent down the tree, but he was otherwise unharmed.
Groaning, Melvin was just about to attempt standing when the sudden sound of a car’s engine sent a chill up his spine. As the sound grew closer, Melvin quickly scrambled out of sight and hid himself behind the tree just as a pair of headlights swept through the darkness. When the engine shut off and the headlights dimmed, Melvin heard the sound of a car door open. Just barely peeking his head around the edge of the tree, he then looked out to see Brad Baker step out of the Jeep.
Melvin watched as Brad crossed the drive and walked up to the front door. He then looked back up to Lacey’s window, wondering if she was still naked or not. Would she answer the door naked? Maybe invite Brad in for a little fun before the movie? No, they probably wouldn’t have enough time for anything like that, he thought, feeling slightly disappointed. Sneaking over to the edge of the house, Melvin pressed himself against the siding and peered around the corner. Brad rang the doorbell and waited. Within moments, Lacey answered the door. Instead of inviting Brad in, however, Lacey stepped out onto the porch, shut the door, and locked it behind her. Melvin quickly but quietly made his way back over behind the tree as Brad put an arm around Lacey’s shoulder and began leading her toward the Jeep. He then waited and listened as both Brad and Lacey climbed into the Jeep and shut their doors. Seconds later, the Jeep’s engine rumbled to life and the blinding headlights pierced through the darkness once more. The jeep then slowly pulled out of the driveway and took off down the street, plunging Melvin into darkness once more.
Melvin waited a good thirty seconds for good measure before he dared come out from behind the tree. This was it, he thought. His coast was clear. The final stage of his plan was as simple as stepping onto the front porch and unlocking the door. After that, it would all just be a matter of patience. Licking his lips, Melvin slipped the backpack from his shoulder, unzipped the side pocket, and fished out Lacey’s house key. Key in hand, he then slipped the backpack back over his shoulder and made his way around to the front porch. As he stepped up to the door and stuck the key into the lock, a sense of sudden dread washed over him. What if the key didn’t work? What if it hadn’t been made right? What if he’d come this far and it had all been for nothing? Such fears were quickly laid to rest, however, when Melvin turned the key in the lock and the door popped open without the slightest bit of hesitation. For several moments, Melvin could only stand and stare in shock as the front door slowly eased open before his very eyes. He then gave a grim smile, pulled the key from the lock, and stepped inside the house…
Chapter 5
Stepping into the foyer, Melvin eased the door shut and locked it behind him. After slipping Lacey’s key into his pocket, he then took just a moment to scan his darkened surroundings. It was the biggest house Melvin had ever seen. To both his left and his right, the foyer broke off into two separate living areas. Directly across the foyer from him was a large, carpeted staircase that led up to the second floor. Licking his lips, Melvin slowly began walking across the foyer. Beyond the staircase, the house broke off into several more areas. Curiosity got the best of Melvin and he decided to explore them.
Off to the left, Melvin discovered a large kitchen. The cabinets were all made of polished wood. Marble countertops stretched almost all the way around the entire room. Walking into the kitchen, Melvin made a beeline for the stainless-steel fridge. His eyes must have grown twice their normal size upon opening the refrigerator door. The shelves were packed with just about every sort of food you could imagine. Meats, vegetables, junk foods, leftovers, Melvin couldn’t help but think they wouldn’t be able to fit another scrap of food into the fridge if they tried. His mouth watering, Melvin wasted no time grabbing the first things that caught his eye. After filling his arms, he shut the fridge door and carried his haul over to the marble-topped island in the center of the room. His haul included a Tupperware container full of leftover lasagna, a chocolate pie, a Ziplock bag containing a half-eaten ribeye steak, a half a block of sharp cheddar, and a pound of shaved ham. He attacked the ham first, stuffing several pieces into his mouth and savoring the sweet flavor. He then pulled the steak out of the Ziplock bag and took a large bite, barely taking any time to chew it before taking another. While chawing on the steak, he began scouring the kitchen drawers for silverware. Once he found the silverware drawer, he grabbed a fork and returned to the island. Chucking the remainder of the steak on top of its bag, he turned his attention to the lasagna and the chocolate pie.
By the time Melvin had finished gorging himself, he’d finished off the steak, the lasagna, two pieces of chocolate pie, most of the sharp cheddar, and nearly the entire package of shaved ham. After letting out a large belch, he then returned the unfinished items to the fridge, cleaned his mess from the island countertop and went to go explore the rest of the house.
Venturing out of the kitchen, Melvin crossed the hall to the opposite section and discovered a large dining room. The table, which was long enough to seat twelve people, was made of a dark polished wood and was covered with a decorative white tablecloth. Beyond the table stood a large oak liquor cabinet. Intrigued, Melvin wandered over to it. Opening the glass cabinets, he gazed up at the various bottles of top-shelf liquor, debating upon which one he should try. He chose an emerald green bottle of champagne with an ornate silver label. He then fished a crystal champagne glass from the bottom cabinet, set it on the table and began working to get the cork off the bottle.
For the next several moments, Melvin struggled with the cork, twisting and pulling to no avail. Getting flustered, he then bared his teeth and pulled on the cork as hard as he possibly could. A split-second later, the cork flew off the bottle with a loud bang and a stream of white foam went shooting across the room. Cursing, Melvin quickly brought the bottle to his lips and began slurping at the excess foam. When the bottle stopped foaming, Melvin wiped his wet hands on the hips of his jeans and proceeded to fill his glass. He cringed slightly at the warm, bitter taste. Probably tastes better on ice, he thought before turning and making his way back toward the kitchen.
After fishing around in the freezer, Melvin dropped three ice cubes into his glass, swished it around a few times and took another sip. The ice did indeed help. Taking another sip, Melvin wandered out of the kitchen and toward the back of the house. This led him into a step-down living area with a curtained-off door. Pulling the curtain back, Melvin looked out the sliding glass door to see the Simmons’ backyard pool. It was a below-ground model complete with its own diving board. A little late in the year to be swimming, he thought. He did however find his gaze to be lingering on the hot tub just outside the door. And he did have a good amount of time to kill before Lacey and Brad returned from their date.
Knocking back the remainder of his glass, Melvin walked back into the house and retrieved the bottle of champagne from the dining room, grabbing an ice bucket from under the liquor cabinet as well. After filling the bucket in the kitchen, he made his way back into the step-down living area, unlocked the sliding glass door and stepped outside. Setting his things on the patio table, he took just a moment to survey the backyard. There wasn’t much grass or greenery. The backyard mostly consisted of the concrete foundation for the pool. Looking off to the left, Melvin saw a moderately sized pool house. To the right was the hot tub. After wandering over to it, he pulled the cover off and stuck his hand in the water. It was fairly warm already. He fiddled with the buttons for several moments before he found the button for the jets. He pressed it and the jets roared to life, filling the hot tub with bubbles. Melvin then proceeded to slide his backpack off his shoulders and strip completely naked before grabbing the champagne and the ice bucket and climbing into the hot tub.
The bubbling hot water instantly relaxed him. Letting out a deep sigh, Melvin reached over and dropped two ice cubes into his glass before refilling it. He took another drink before setting his glass down and reaching over the side of the tub for his backpack. Unzipping his backpack, he proceeded to reach in and pull out the ice pick. The young man then sank back down into the water and grabbed his glass again before taking several moments to gaze at the deadly tool. He’d wiped it off before putting it in his backpack, but it was still sticky with Aunt Tess’s blood.
A thin smile crept across his face as he recalled the feeling of the elongated spike sinking deep into Aunt Tess’s flesh. The way the woman had thrashed and gurgled, the wet crunching noise the pick had made when it sank into the back of her neck. And the blood. All that blood…
Melvin felt the stirrings of an erection beneath the water’s surface as his mind continued to replay Aunt Tess’s death again and again. One could say he’d really stuck it to her, he thought. He then recalled the vile dream he’d had where he’d been fucking the fat pig and instantly scolded himself for even dreaming about such horrors.
Shaking the ghastly thought from his head as best he could, Melvin set the ice pick aside before knocking back his champagne and reaching over for the bottle once more. That fat bitch was old news anyway, he told himself as he poured another glass. It was best to focus on the here and now, and the reality of the here and now was that in just a matter of hours, maybe even less time than that, Lacey Simmons would be his for the taking.
Grabbing his ice pick once more, Melvin dunked it under the water and began washing the blood from the steel spike. Looking up to the house, Melvin took notice of the second-story balcony. The balcony stretched all the way across the back of the house. From what he could see, there were three separate doors that led out onto it. Probably bedrooms, he thought. From the balcony up, the house’s siding was covered by a wooden trellis that was thick with small purple flowers and green ivy that led all the way up to the roof. Turning his attention back to his ice pick, Melvin pulled the deadly tool out of the water and took just a moment to look it over. Clean as a whistle, he thought as he reached over for his champagne glass. He sure did hope Lacey didn’t give him too much trouble later on, he thought as he sipped his champagne. It’d be such a shame to have to use his ice pick on her next. No, he was hoping to bust at least a couple loads in her before it came time for that…
********
Melvin belched and went into a fit of giggles after knocking back his fourth glass of champagne. Or was it his fifth? He’d lost count at this point. Reaching over and grabbing the bottle, he tried to pour himself another glass only to find that the bottle was empty. Had he really drunk the entire thing by himself? Oh well. He was starting to prune anyway, he thought as he rose to a stand and stepped out of the hot tub. The chilly nighttime air washed over him like an icy tide and he suddenly realized he hadn’t brought a towel out with him. Wobbling slightly, Melvin bent over and picked his T-shirt up, using it to dry himself as best he could before slipping his jeans on and killing the power to the hot tub. He then looked down with a grimace at the mess gathered around the edge of the hot tub. Stifling a burp, the young man grabbed his ice pick and pushed his glass, the ice bucket, and the empty champagne bottle into the tub. He then placed the ice pick between his teeth as he proceeded to pull the cover back over the tub. With that done, he stuffed the remainder of his clothes into his backpack, giggled slightly, and made his way back into the house.
Once inside, Melvin shut the sliding glass door, locked it, and drew the curtain shut. Afterwards, he removed the ice pick from between his teeth, chuckled at nothing in particular, and began staggering his way back into the house. While swerving through the hall, Melvin looked up to the clock on the wall. He’d managed to kill almost an hour, he concluded. Still, he didn’t imagine Lacey would be home for at least another hour. Especially if her and Brad were planning on finding a nice, quiet spot to bone after the movie. No worries though. He’d waited this long to have her, a few more hours wouldn’t kill him, and God knows she’d be worth the wait.
Melvin wandered back out to the foyer and looked to the top of the staircase. Lacey’s room was up there, he told himself. Hiccupping slightly, he stepped forward and began to ascend the stairs. At the top of the staircase, he came to a long hallway with several doors on either side. Wandering over to the first door to the right, he pushed it open and stepped inside. While it did contain a bed and furniture, it didn’t seem to be inhabited. Must be a guest bedroom or something, he thought to himself as he stepped into the room. Walking around the edge of the bed, Melvin made his way over to the window and peered outside. He could see the Simmons’ driveway down below. How very convenient, he thought with a chuckle. Once he was done exploring the house, he could use this room to keep watch for Lacey’s return.
Exiting the guest bedroom, Melvin made his way over to the next door down. He was sure this had to be Lacey’s room, he thought as he pushed the door open and flipped the light switch, illuminating the bedroom, and indeed, it was Lacey’s room.
Standing in the doorway, Melvin took a deep breath. The room even smelled like Lacey, the young man thought as he dropped his backpack by the door and proceeded to step into the room. He approached the bed first, an odd sense of excitement stirring in his loins as he reached a hand down and brushed his fingertips against the comforter. Setting his ice pick on the nightstand, Melvin then crawled into the bed and stretched himself out face-down on the mattress, taking one of Lacey’s pillows in his arms and slowly inhaling its scent. He instantly grew hard and began gently grinding himself against the mattress. He imagined Lacey squirming and bucking beneath him. As he lay on the bed, he happened to look over onto the nightstand and saw a framed picture of both Lacey and Brad. Glaring, he reached over and laid it face-down before sitting up on the bed and opening the drawer to the nightstand. Mostly junk, he concluded. Spare change, a half-bag of cough drops, a tangled-up pair of ear buds, nothing special.
After closing the junk drawer, Melvin got up and wandered over to the dresser. Opening the top drawer, he discovered more than two-dozen pairs of neatly folded panties. The young man thought he’d died and gone to Heaven. Picking up a pair of red lace panties, he brought them to his face and inhaled deeply, savoring the freshly washed scent. The mere idea that they’d been so close to Lacey’s womanhood drove him crazy. Removing his pants and kicking them off to the side, Melvin stepped into the panties and pulled them on, squeezing and massaging his throbbing member through the material. Looking off to the side, he then noticed the darkened bathroom. Wandering over to it, Melvin flipped the light switch, filling the bathroom with light.
The bathroom was modest enough, he thought. Tile flooring, fuzzy pink bathmats, a walk-in shower with a frosted glass door, nothing too fancy. Stepping inside, Melvin jumped when he looked to the right and saw his own reflection in the full-length mirror. Once he realized it was indeed only his reflection, he stepped up to the mirror to admire himself. Not too bad, he drunkenly thought as he turned to the side and posed. If not for the obvious bulge jutting from the front of his panties, he could’ve passed for a really flat-chested girl. He began to grow hard again as he continued to gaze at his near-nude reflection. He ran a hand slowly down his bony chest, across his ribcage and down his thigh. He then turned his back to the mirror and looked over his shoulder, admiring the way the lace panties hugged his buttocks. Between his shaggy black hair and slender frame, you really couldn’t tell he was a boy if you were looking from behind. Chuckling slightly, he pulled the seat of the panties up between his buttocks, giving the impression that he was wearing a thong. He then bent over and looked back over his shoulder, flashing himself a seductive look and slowly shaking his pasty white rump in the mirror. Hell, he thought, a couple more glasses of champagne and maybe even I’d fuck me.
Laughing to himself, Melvin then straitened up, pulled the seat of the panties from between his buttocks and wandered over to the sink. In her hurry to get ready for her date with Brad, Lacey had left her makeup scattered about the counter. Standing over the sink, Melvin picked up a tube of lipstick and removed the cap. The lipstick was ruby red. Melvin twisted the bottom, causing the lipstick to extend. He then glanced up to the mirror, grinning slightly. He leaned forward, puckered his lips, and began sloppily applying the lipstick. When he was through, he mashed his lips together, bent forward, and planted a loud, sloppy kiss on the mirror’s surface, leaving a large red stain in the shape of his lips. Humming a drunken tune to himself, he then pressed the lipstick to the mirror and drew a large heart around said stain. When that was finished, he wrote both his and Lacey’s names above and below the kissing stain and drew an arrow going through the heart. Stepping back a bit, Melvin took just a moment to admire his artistic masterpiece. His feeling of pride, however, was cut short when he heard the faint but clear rumble of an engine pulling into the drive.
Melvin’s stomach went cold and he spun around and hurled himself from the bathroom. He then ran as hard as he could from Lacey’s room, tore down the hallway, and burst into the guest bedroom. Dodging the corner of the bed, he rushed over and peered out the window. Brad’s Jeep sat in the driveway below. Both Brad and Lacey were climbing out either side of the vehicle.
Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! Melvin mentally cursed as he sped out of the guest bedroom and back into Lacey’s room. He snatched his jeans and backpack up off the floor and crammed them underneath the bed. He suddenly heard laughter from downstairs and quickly ran over to the wall and shut the bedroom light off. The bathroom light was still on. Melvin suddenly flew into a panic when he remembered the lipstick drawing all over the bathroom mirror. Rushing into the bathroom, Melvin stood in the doorway and stared at the lipstick drawing for just a split-second before hearing more laughter. Said laughter was followed by the sound of footsteps barreling up the staircase. No time to clean the mirror, he told himself as he flipped the bathroom light off and ran back into the bedroom. He heard Lacey and Brad’s laughter coming up the hallway as he snatched his ice pick off the nightstand. Spinning on his heels, he turned toward the bedroom door and saw two elongated shadows quickly making their way up the hall. In a blind panic, Melvin jerked his head every which way before finally dropping down to the floor and frantically scurrying his way underneath the bed. It wasn’t a half-second later that the darkened figures of both Lacey and Brad appeared in the bedroom doorway…
Chapter 6
Melvin held his breath as the light flipped on and the sound of Lacey and Brad’s giggling filled the room. From his position under the bed, he could only watch Lacey and Brad’s feet as they danced across the carpet and made their way towards the bed. Lacey’s purse hit the floor, as did Brad’s jacket. Melvin’s loins then began to stir when the young couple flung themselves down onto the mattress and the wet, slurpy sounds of a makeout session began to echo throughout the room. Heart pounding, Melvin proceeded to watch as one by one, each article of the couple’s clothing began falling to the floor. It started simply enough with just their shoes, however, Melvin grew rock-hard the moment he watched Lacey’s bra hit the floor. The bra was followed shortly after by their pants and finally their underwear. Lacey then moaned when the wet, slurping noises began.
“Oh, just like that,” the girl whimpered.
“Mmm, baby, you taste so good,” Brad said before the slurping sounds continued.
Holy shit, Melvin thought, he was eating her out. Melvin’s body grew hot and shaky and it became harder for him to keep his breathing under control. That should be me up there, he thought, a feeling of jealousy managing to pop up amid the sea of lust that was his mind. Don’t worry, he told himself. He’d get his chance. He’d get all the chances he wanted. He just had to be patient was all…
Lacey’s moans, along with Brad’s slurping eventually stopped. The bed then creaked and groaned several times as the couple presumably repositioned themselves. Things went quiet for a moment after that. That silence was then shattered by yet another lustful moan from Lacey as the bed began to rock.
“Brad! Oh, Brad!” Lacey whimpered, her voice filled with longing.
Brad merely moaned and grunted as the bed continued to rock. Melvin felt as though he could bust just from the sound of the couple’s sex, lightly grinding himself against the carpet as he listened to the erotic sounds above him. By some miracle, he managed to keep himself together as the minutes went by and the teen couple above him quickly approached their respective climaxes.
“Brad! Ah! Yes! Yes!” Lacey cried.
“Ah, I’m gonna cum!” Brad grunted.
Melvin’s cock throbbed painfully as he listened to the two teens above him cry out in orgasm. A prolonged silence then fell over the room and all Melvin could hear was the sound of the couple’s ragged breathing as they lay side by side and attempted to regain their wind. Finally, Lacey spoke.
“Mmm, that was nice,” the girl cooed.
“I know, I was there,” Brad joked.
“Oh, were you now?” Lacey chuckled.
“Indeed,” Brad replied.
The bed then creaked with movement and Melvin heard the two kiss.
“Are you terribly opposed to staying the night?” Lacey asked. “We could have breakfast in bed in the morning.”
What?! No! Melvin thought.
“Breakfast in bed, you say?” Brad replied. “Hmm…okay, but only if we can have some food afterwards.”
Lacey chuckled.
“It’s a deal.”
“Sweet,” Brad told her. “I think I’m gonna pop downstairs and grab a sandwich. You want anything?”
“Nah, I think I’m gonna grab a quick shower,” Lacey replied.
“Cool cool,” Brad said. Melvin heard them kiss again.
Melvin watched as Brad’s feet touched the carpet. Brad then plucked his undershorts from the floor and slipped them on before proceeding to walk out of the room. Dammit, Melvin thought. Fucking Brad. This was supposed to be his night. His will be done. If that stupid fucking jock thought he was gonna stand between him and Lacey, then he had another thing coming. Moments later, the bed creaked and Lacey’s feet appeared in front of Melvin’s face.
Shit, shit, shit, this was bad! She’d see all the lipstick on the bathroom mirror. What the fuck had he been thinking drawing that shit in the first place? Never mind, he had to do something fast.
“What the fuck?!” he heard Lacey exclaim after turning on the bathroom light, presumably spotting the lipstick drawing.
Rolling out from under the bed, Melvin tightened his grip on the ice pick, sprung to his feet and lunged for the bathroom.
“Brad?!” Lacey yelled out as she attempted to walk out of the bathroom just in time to see Melvin charging toward her.
The girl opened her mouth to scream just as Melvin ducked low and drove his shoulder into her midsection with every ounce of strength he could muster.
Pain exploded throughout Lacey’s midsection and the girl flew backwards into the bathroom, crashing through the shower door and sending a hailstorm of broken glass scattering to the floor.
“Lacey?!” Brad called out from somewhere downstairs.
Baring his teeth, Melvin jerked his head in the direction of the jock’s voice. Without bothering to check if Lacey was still breathing, Melvin spun on his heels and ran back into the bedroom. Taking hold of the ice pick’s handle with both hands, he pressed himself firmly against the wall by the door and waited.
“Lacey, what happened?!” Brad called out as his footsteps began pounding up the staircase.
Come on, you son of a bitch, Melvin thought, gripping the ice pick even harder.
“Lacey?!” Brad cried once again as he tore around the corner and came barreling through the doorway.
Melvin let out a barbaric cry and flung himself onto Brad’s back like a crazed chimpanzee. Brad yelled out in sudden fright and fell to his knees. Locking his legs around Brad’s waist, Melvin hooked his free arm around the jock’s throat and plunged the ice pick deep into the side of his neck. Brad’s eyes went wide and he sucked in a deep, desperate breath. Blood sprayed Melvin’s face as he yanked the pick from the side of Brad’s neck and proceeded to plant it deep into the young man’s heart. Brad tried to scream, but it only registered as a wet gurgle. Again and again, Melvin stabbed into the struggling jock. Torrents of blood went rushing down the young man’s body and the ice pick made a wet crunching sound each time it sank into his flesh. Coughing and sputtering, Brad eventually grew limp and his upper body began sinking to the floor.
Once it was clear that Brad was dead, Melvin grabbed the young man’s hair and yanked the ice pick from his neck. Breathing hard, he then rose to a stand and used the back of his wrist to wipe the blood and sweat from his forehead. His muscles ached and his body was slick with crimson blood. His pulsating erection throbbed inside his panties as he stared down at Brad’s body. Just then, an agonized moan came from the bathroom and Melvin jerked his head in its direction, a grim smile slowly spreading across his face.
Melvin stepped over Brad’s body, the blood-soaked carpet squishing between his toes as he slowly made his way toward the bathroom. Standing in the bathroom doorway, Melvin saw Lacey cowered and weeping in the bottom of the shower. She was cut up pretty good in a few places, but looked otherwise unharmed. Careful not to step on any broken glass, Melvin walked into the bathroom. Too scared to even move, Lacey could only gaze up in terror as the deranged young man came to stand over her. Melvin on the other hand merely stared down at her with a hungry, depraved look in his eyes…
Chapter 7
Lacey moaned through the wadded-up panties in her mouth as Melvin tied her wrists to the bedposts with a pair of nylon stockings.
“Sorry I had to be so rough with you,” he said as he tied the knots as tightly as possible. “I guess I kinda panicked.”
As Melvin worked on her bounds, Lacey turned her head and looked over at Brad’s body on the floor. His eyes were wide-open and his mouth was agape. His back was littered with deep, crimson puncture wounds and the carpet around him was sopping wet with blood. Tears filled Lacey’s eyes and she had to force herself to look away. Melvin glanced over to Brad’s body and grinned.
“Yeah, sorry about your boy too,” he said as he began tying down Lacey’s ankles. “That wasn’t really part of my plan either. But hey, what can you do, right?”
Lacey flinched when Melvin tied her last ankle as tightly as he could.
“There now. Comfy?” he asked with a sneer.
Lacey opened her eyes and glared up at him. Melvin ignored this and began gazing down at her with a hungry look in his eyes. He didn’t think this moment would ever come. Smiling, he slowly eased himself down and sat on the bed next to her. Lacey scooted as far away from him as her bounds would allow her to. Even so, Melvin reached out and gently caressed her bare abdomen. Lacey cringed at the feel of his touch.
“Mmm, you’re warm,” he told her.
Lacey simply glared up at him with hatred and disgust.
“I don’t imagine you’re all too thrilled with this little arrangement,” Melvin said. “But that doesn’t mean you shouldn’t try to enjoy yourself.”
He moved his hand upwards, found her right breast.
“I may not be what you’d consider experienced, but I’m willing to learn,” he added, giving her breast a firm squeeze. “Hell, we’ll stay up all night long if that’s what it takes. How’s that sound?”
He looked up into her eyes, ignoring her seething gaze and reaching over to brush a strand of hair from her face. Again, the girl jerked away from his touch.
“God, you’re so beautiful,” he said. “But you knew that already, didn’t you?”
Melvin’s fingertips traveled down Lacey’s neck, to the middle of her chest and then down to her belly.
“Seems to me like some people are just born beautiful,” he added. “Perfect hair, perfect skin, perfect complexion, not to mention their perfect bodies. Then there’s the people like myself who aren’t blessed with such natural advantages. Indeed, it just seems to be nature’s ranking system. The hotter you are, the more you can get out of life. Us bottom feeders, we just kinda have to take what we can get and be damn happy we can even get that.”
Melvin continued to caress the girl’s flesh as he continued speaking.
“Indeed, for all of society’s bullshit about loving yourself and being happy with who you are, the fact is, was, and always will be that appearance is nine-tenths of the law. By nature’s law, a scrawny, pasty, pimple-faced nerd like me can never even come close to having a girl like you. Hell, someone like me, it’s practically a goddamn felony to even walk up and introduce myself to a girl like you. Sure, if a beefed-up jock or some blue-eyed pretty boy with a nice set of pearly whites does it, then it’s cute. But if someone like me does it, then by God, we’re just a bunch of creepy little basement-dwellers with one thing on our minds. All because we dare to want the best of the best, same as anyone else. So much for equality and open mindedness, am I right?”
Melvin crawled over Lacey and positioned himself between her legs. She struggled against her bonds to no avail.
“Funny thing about equality,” he said as he eased himself down on top of her, only the thin fabric of his panties standing between his pulsating erection and Lacey’s womanhood. “It’s never been something that was just handed out willingly. No, equality’s always been something people have had to fight for. Kinda like how I fought for you tonight. Nobody was just gonna hand me a pretty girl like you on a silver platter. And because of my genetic makeup, God knows there’d be no way of winning you over. No sir, If I wanted you, I was gonna have to fight for you. And that’s just what I did. Now, I finally have you all to myself.”
He closed his eyes and slowly licked a trail from her neck and up to her earlobe. Lacey shut her eyes and cringed hard.
“God, Lacey, I’ve wanted you for so long,” he said. “I knew I could never have you though.”
He lowered his head and began planting kisses in the middle of her chest.
“Actually, that’s not altogether true. I could’ve had you. I could’ve had you any time and any place I wanted, provided I was willing to do the prison time afterwards. Hell, if you really think about it, fear of going to prison is about the only thing that stops anyone from doing anything. If not for that, then by God, we’d all just go completely nuts, wouldn’t we? Without all those pesky laws to keep us all scared and compliant, mankind would just rape and pillage to its heart’s content.”
Melvin gently flicked at one of Lacey’s nipples with his tongue before slowly taking it into his mouth. A wave of gooseflesh washed over the girl’s body as the young man began to moan, his body trembling and his erection throbbing in rhythm with his heartbeat. She shut her eyes tight and began sobbing through her gag. Finally, Melvin released her nipple, leaving it feeling cold and slimy as he came to look her in the face.
“Mmmm, yes,” he said. “It’s very freeing, actually. Once you stop fearing consequences, you find out real quick that there’s nothing you can’t do. Took me my whole life to figure that out. Even so, I consider myself lucky. Most people will live their entire lives being too afraid to ever take what they want, what they truly want. If you ask me, that’s not living. If you’re gonna live your whole entire life playing by society’s rules, then you may as well be dead. Me? I wanna live before I die. I wanna feel every warm, slick, dirty little pleasure life has to offer. And you’re gonna help me do just that.”
He lowered his head and kissed Lacey’s neck again.
“Yes indeed, you’re gonna show me everything love has to offer. You’re gonna give yourself to me in each and every way. You’re gonna give me the best goddamn night of my life. Whether you want to or not.”
Lacey winced in pain when Melvin pinned her head to the pillow and began to roughly suckle at her neck. He then drug his slimy tongue down her chest and his mouth found her right breast. He took the nipple into his mouth and sucked hard for several moments. He then removed his mouth and did the same with the other nipple, moaning and grinding himself against her.
“Mmmm, I’m gonna fuck you so hard,” he moaned before yanking her hair back and licking a trail up her throat and to her chin.
“You ready for this cock, baby girl?” he added as he sat up and quickly pushed the panties down his legs.
Lacey looked away the moment she glimpsed his throbbing member spring from the panties. Chucking the feminine undergarments aside, Melvin, heart pounding and body trembling, took his cock into his hand and began easing it toward her spread-eagled womanhood. The instant Lacey felt the vile appendage touch her, her eyes shot open and she began screaming through her gag and attempting to thrash away. Melvin then proceeded to drive his fist into her belly with every ounce of strength he could muster. Lacey’s eyes bugged and her upper body lurched as the air was forced from her lungs. The girl then lay limp on the bed, trying desperately to suck precious air through her nose. Melvin smiled down at her.
“There’ll be none of that, now,” he told her.
In response, Lacey merely moaned into her gag, a wave of fresh tears filling her eyes as she struggled to catch her wind.
Melvin took his cock into his hand once more and began slowly rubbing the tip against her exposed womanhood. Meanwhile, Lacey, still struggling to breathe, realized there’d be no escape from what was about to happen and merely laid there and began to sob once more.
“Mmm, that feels real nice,” the young man moaned as he teased her entrance.
Lacey sniffled hard and did her best to look away.
“I’m gonna fuck you so hard, baby girl,” Melvin repeated. “It’s gonna feel so good. For you too. Don’t worry, I won’t be selfish about it. You’re gonna love it too, I promise.”
Lacey cringed hard and shut her eyes tight as Melvin positioned himself on top of her before continuing to slide himself against her.
“I’ll make you love it, how’s that sound?” he whispered as he slid his leaking shaft against her womanly folds. “You’ll have to forgive me if I don’t eat you out first though. I wanted to, but I couldn’t help overhearing you and your boy enjoying yourselves just a little bit ago. Sorry, but Cream of Brad just doesn’t sound all that appetizing to me.”
He slid himself faster and faster against her, savoring the pleasurable sensation traveling up his spine.
“Fuck yeah,” Melvin whispered, baring his teeth as he spoke. “You ready for this cock, baby girl? Huh? You ready for this cock?”
Lacey’s breathing grew ragged and she braced herself for what she knew was coming next.
“You gotta answer me, baby girl. You want this cock? Huh? You want this—Ah! Ah! Oh! Shit!”
Before Melvin could stop himself, and intense wave of pleasure blasted through his loins without so much as a moment’s warning. Lacey cringed hard and moaned in utter disgust, doing her best to not throw up as wave after wave of warm, milky-white seed went shooting across her belly. Melvin moaned and grunted just a few more times before his pleasure died down and his head grew fuzzy. An awkward silence then fell over the room as Melvin attempted to catch his breath. Opening his eyes and slowly rising up off the girl, Melvin looked down to see the thick, slimy mess all over Lacey’s stomach. Blushing hard, the young man then glanced down to see his formerly erect manhood rapidly going flaccid.
“Are you fucking kidding me?” Melvin angrily muttered as he turned away from Lacey and began rapidly attempting to stroke himself back to life.
When his attempts failed, a feeling of embarrassment quickly washed over him. Just then, Lacey began to make a series of muffled noises. When Melvin looked up at her, the girl appeared at first to be sobbing. On closer inspection, however, he soon realized the girl was in fact laughing. His face went red and a sense of shame crashed down on him like a tidal wave.
“Shut up,” Melvin whined, doing his best to fight back tears.
Lacey’s muffled laughter continued.
“I said shut up!” Melvin repeated.
The girl continued to laugh through her gag. Pursing his lips, Melvin then snatched the ice pick off the nightstand, raised it high and plunged it deep into Lacey’s thigh. Lacey’s muffled laughter instantly morphed into an agonized scream. The girl then frantically thrashed and bucked in pain, screaming into her gag as Melvin proceeded to twist the pick back and forth before finally yanking it out of her leg.
Lacey could only moan in anguish as a stream of blood went rushing from her leg and proceeded to go seeping into the bedsheets.
“Laugh at that, bitch,” Melvin hissed as he angrily hopped down off the bed.
Turning his back to Lacey, Melvin snatched the red silk panties from the floor and used them to clean himself off as best he could. Fucking bitch, laughing at him like that, he thought as he wiped the seed from his nether regions. He barely had time to finish the thought when he heard the spine-chilling sound of an engine pulling up outside.
Melvin’s eyes went wide and his blood turned to ice the moment he heard the approaching rumble. He then sprang forward and practically hurled himself out the bedroom door. Tearing across the hallway, he burst into the guest bedroom and ran over to the window. Breathing hard, he then peered out the window to see a white Sudan sitting in the driveway next to Brad’s Jeep. A sense of pure dread then engulfed Melvin as the Sudan’s doors flew open and two people stepped out of the car. A thin, mousy-looking blonde lady of about forty stepped out of the passenger side, a hulking behemoth of a man with a shiny bald head stepped out of the driver’s side. Lacey’s parents…
Chapter 8
Melvin stood petrified as he watched Lacey’s parents climb out of their car. What the fuck were they doing home so soon?! Fuck, fuck, fuck, what was he gonna do now?!
Melvin watched as Lacey’s dad took one good look at Brad’s Jeep and proceeded to storm toward the house. Lacey’s mother quickly followed after him with a nervous look on her face.
“Fuck!” Melvin spat as he threw himself away from the window and ran back to Lacey’s bedroom.
Shit, this was bad, he thought, his mind racing a mile a minute. Lacey was tied naked to her bed and Brad was lying dead on the bedroom floor. Wasn’t like he’d be able to hide that shit. Fuck, fuck, fuck, what was he gonna do?!
Rushing into Lacey’s bedroom, Melvin slammed the door shut and locked it before pressing his back to the wood surface and attempting to catch his breath. His eyes darted every which way across the room. Lacey was still tied naked to the bed and sobbing into her gag. Brad Baker still lay dead on the floor in a pool of blood, his eyes wide-open, his dead, listless gaze staring off into nothingness. Before Melvin even had time to think, he heard the front door open with a loud bang.
“Brad Baker, get out here, now!” Mr. Simmons’ booming voice echoed throughout the foyer.
At the sound of her father’s voice, Lacey’s eyes went wide and she began to violently thrash against her bounds, screaming into her gag. Melvin’s heart raced and his body began to tremble when he heard the sound of heavy footsteps pounding up the stairs.
“Honey, honey, don’t do anything too rash, they’re just kids,” he heard Lacey’s mom say.
The booming footsteps grew closer and closer. Melvin jumped away when the doorknob suddenly began to rattle.
“Lacey, open this door right now, I mean it!” Mr. Simmons demanded.
Lacey jerked her head up off the bed and frantically began screaming through the gag just as loud as she possibly could. Though her shrill cries were muffled, they were apparently loud enough to do the trick.
“Lacey?! Lacey, what’s going on in there?!” Mr. Simmons shouted, the anger in his voice replaced by worry.
Cursing under his breath, Melvin gripped the ice pick tight and flattened himself against the wall next to the door.
“Lacey!?” Mr. Simmons called out once more.
A split-second later, there was a thunderous crash against the door that caused Melvin to jump. This was followed quickly after by a second crash. With a third and final crash, the door burst open and Mr. Simmons stumbled into the room, nearly tripping over Brad’s dead body on the floor.
“Jesus Christ!!!!” the man yelled, quickly backing away from the body.
Out in the hallway, Lacey’s mother let out a horrified scream. That’s when Melvin struck.
With a vicious yell, Melvin lunged for Mr. Simmons with his ice pick held high. The hulking man roared in pain when Melvin plunged the ice pick deep between his shoulder blades. Before Melvin had a chance to yank the pick back out, Mr. Simmons spun around, caught him by the arm, and the next thing Melvin knew, he was flying through the air.
Melvin’s body landed hard to the bedroom floor and went rolling across the carpet, crashing hard against the wall and knocking a framed picture down. Mr. Simmons then fell to one knee and attempted to reach over his shoulder and pull out the ice pick. The ice pick’s handle was just barely out of his reach. Meanwhile, Melvin sucked in a deep breath and began slowly getting to his feet. Seeing this, Mr. Simmons bared his teeth and lunged for the young man. Once on his feet, Melvin caught a sudden burst of movement from the corner of his eye and looked over just in time to see Mr. Simmons barreling toward him. With an angry roar, the hulking man tackled Melvin to the floor with the force of a speeding truck.
As Melvin and Mr. Simmons struggled on the floor, Lacey’s mother scurried into the room and rushed over to her daughter’s side.
“It’s okay! It’s okay, baby, I’m here!” the woman stammered, tears forming in her eyes as she plucked the sodden gag from Lacey’s mouth.
The girl sucked in a deep, raspy breath as her mother began shakily attempting to undo her bonds.
Yanking Melvin up off the floor, Mr. Simmons locked the scrawny, naked boy in a bear hug and began attempting to crush the very life out of him. Unable to breathe, Melvin did the only thing he could think of and sank his teeth into the top of the man’s shiny bald head. Mr. Simmons then let out a shrill cry, blood rushing down his face as Melvin’s teeth began ripping at his scalp. Keeping his vice-like hold on the young man, Mr. Simmons let out a barbaric yell and blindly ran full blast across the room, both he and Melvin colliding hard against the dresser. Melvin’s eyes bugged and every ounce of breath was instantly forced from his lungs as he was violently smashed against the dresser. Blinded by the stinging blood in his eyes, Mr. Simmons released his vice-like grip on Melvin and the young man went crumpling to the floor once again.
As Melvin lay gasping on the floor and clutching his throbbing ribs, Mr. Simmons clumsily backed away and attempted to wipe the stinging blood from his eyes. In the midst of all this, Lacey’s mother had managed to get one of the girl’s hands free and had begun working on the other. Meanwhile, Melvin hissed in pain and slowly rolled over onto his belly. When he finally managed to get to all fours, he looked up just in time to see Mr. Simmons wipe his eyes clean and set his sights on him once more. The hulking man bared his teeth and stared at Melvin with a murderous, wide-eyed glare, his face covered in crimson blood, the ice pick’s handle still jutting from his back. Melvin looked back up at him in pure terror. Mr. Simmons then let out a barbaric cry and charged at Melvin yet again.
As Mr. Simmons began barreling toward him, Melvin frantically scurried on his hands and knees into the bathroom. Thinking quickly, the young man crawled across the bathroom floor and snatched a long, jagged wedge of glass from the broken shower door just as Mr. Simmons rushed in behind him. With a vicious snort, the hulking man reached down with both hands and snatched Melvin up by his greasy black hair. Melvin cried out when Mr. Simmons violently yanked him to his feet, but he held firm to the wedge of glass in his hand. Baring his teeth, Melvin then swung his arm up over his head and Mr. Simmons proceeded to let out a shrill scream when the wedge of glass sank deep into his right eyeball. Blood and crimson pulp rained down on Melvin’s forehead as he twisted the wedge of glass and yanked it out of Mr. Simmons’ eye socket. The hulking man then quickly released him and placed both hands over his ruined eyeball, screaming in agony as he backed away. Afterwards, Melvin quickly scrambled to his feet, lunged forward and drove the wedge of glass into the side of Mr. Simmons’ neck.
A spray of crimson blood pelted Melvin’s face as he proceeded to slash the man’s neck open. The wedge of glass broke off in Mr. Simmons’ neck, but not before it severed the hulking man’s jugular vein. Blinded by the sudden spray of blood, Melvin stumbled backwards and leaned himself up against the small area of wall between the shower and toilet as he attempted to rub his eyes clean. Back in the bedroom, Mrs. Simmons had at long last gotten Lacey free from her bonds.
“Come on, baby, hurry!” the woman said as she attempted to pull her terrified daughter to her feet.
Just then, Mr. Simmons staggered out of the bathroom. The mother and daughter could only stare at the man in horror. His right eyeball was missing, its empty crimson socket pumping blood down the front of his white dress shirt. The right side of his neck had been slashed open as well. He was holding a hand over the wound, torrents of blood rushing from between his fingers and dripping down to the carpet below. He opened his mouth and attempted to say something, but it only registered as a wet choking noise. The hulking man then went still and slowly fell forward, collapsing onto the carpet in front of the bathroom door.
Both Lacey and Mrs. Simmons screamed at the top of their lungs as they gazed down in horror at Mr. Simmons’ mutilated body. Moments later, Melvin stepped out of the bathroom. The scrawny, naked teen was smeared head to toe in crimson blood. His breathing was ragged, his shoulders rising and falling as he attempted to catch his breath. Both Lacey and Mrs. Simmons froze when the young man locked his gaze onto them, his eyes burning with murderous intent.
“Lacey, run!” Mrs. Simmons screamed, grabbing her daughter’s hand and yanking the girl off the bed.
Melvin then peeled his lips back, lunged toward Mr. Simmons’ body and yanked his ice pick from the man’s back as he took off after them…
Chapter 9
Lacey and her mother ran screaming from the bedroom, Melvin in hot pursuit. Knowing they’d never make it to the stairs before Melvin was upon them, Mrs. Simmons grabbed Lacey and yanked her into one of the spare rooms, slamming and locking the door behind them. No sooner had Mrs. Simmons locked the door did Melvin begin slamming himself against the door’s surface in an attempt to break through. Inside the room, Mrs. Simmons tipped the dresser over in front of the door and quickly backed away as Melvin continued to pound away on the other side. Lacey, breathing hard and on the verge of a panic attack, sank down by the edge of the bed and pulled her knees to her chest as Mrs. Simmons’ rushed over to the nightstand, snatched the phone up and quickly dialed 911. The phone rang only once before there was an answer.
“911, what’s your emergency?” the operator asked.
“There’s someone in my house!!!! My husband’s dead!!!! I need help, now!!!!” Mrs. Simmons practically screamed into the phone.
Out in the hallway, Melvin cursed aloud and slammed his fist against the door. His gaze then wandered to the next door down and he suddenly got an idea. Of course, he thought as he took off running down the hall. Once Melvin got to the next room down, he flung the door open and rushed inside. The room turned out to be Mr. Simmons’ study. The room was wall-to-wall bookshelves. A large cherry desk sat in the middle of the room, an antique leather chair behind it. Beyond said desk chair were the glass doors leading out to the second-floor balcony he’d seen earlier while sitting in the hot tub.
Rushing around the desk and chair, Melvin unlocked the glass doors and stepped out onto the balcony. The brisk autumn air sent a chill through his naked, blood-soaked body, but he was too far gone to notice. Gazing down the balcony, he saw light coming from the next set of doors down. Lacey and her mother, he concluded. Quickly stepping back into the study, Melvin jerked his head all around the room. His gaze came to focus on the large antique globe in the corner…
“925 Cherry Street!!!! Hurry!!!! Please!!!!” Mrs. Simmons yelled into the phone, tears streaming down her face.
“Okay, ma’am, we’ve got a lock on your location, please stay on the line until the police arrive,” the operator replied.
Still curled up by the edge of the bed, Lacey did her best to remain calm. Melvin had stopped pounding at the door, she noticed. Maybe he’d heard her mother calling 911 and ran off. Either that or…
A terrible chill overtook Lacey’s body and the girl jerked her head around to stare at the glass doors leading out to the balcony.
“Mom,” the girl whimpered, never once taking her eyes off the balcony doors.
“They’re on their way, Lacey!!!!” Mrs. Simmons sobbed.
Lacey’s eyes went wide when she saw a sudden movement outside the glass doors.
“MOM!!!!” the girl screamed as she scrambled to her feet.
Both Lacey and her mother screamed when her father’s antique globe came crashing through the glass door, shattering it to pieces. A scrawny, blood-soaked arm then reached through and undid the door’s lock. A split-second later, the doors flew open with a loud bang and Melvin stepped into the room, teeth bared and ice pick gripped tightly in his hand. Both women screamed and cowered next to one another as Melvin stepped closer, seemingly unfazed by the countless shards of glass crunching beneath his bare feet. He was breathing hard, his shoulders rising and falling, his murderous gaze shifting back and forth between Lacey and Mrs. Simmons. The young man then stopped dead in his tracks, his eyes going wide as dinner plates when he spotted the phone in Mrs. Simmons’ hand.
In that moment, if only for that moment, the entire room seemed to go quiet as Melvin stared at the phone, his blood going cold when he heard the 911 operator’s voice on the other end of the line.
With a primal scream, Melvin ran forward, hopped onto the bed and lunged for Mrs. Simmons. The woman screamed and the phone flew from her grasp when Melvin crashed down on top of her. Before she even had a chance to fight back, Melvin raised his ice pick high and planted it in the middle of her chest.
“MOM!!!!” Lacey screamed as Melvin drove the ice pick into her mother’s chest again and again.
Thinking fast, the girl quickly snatched a heavy, curved piece of wood from the broken globe and ran toward them. Mrs. Simmons gagged and spat up blood as Melvin repeatedly drove the ice pick into her chest. Catching movement from the corner of his eye, Melvin jerked his head up just in time to see Lacey swing the piece of wood with all her might. The wood made a loud, echoing thunk when it connected with the side of Melvin’s skull, knocking him off of Mrs. Simmons and busting the side of his head open.
Lacey screamed like a wild woman as she brought the piece of wood down on Melvin again and again, striking him wherever she could manage to land a blow. Melvin could do nothing but curl himself into a ball and take the blows. When Lacey raised the piece of wood to strike him again, Melvin bared his teeth, sprung forward on his belly, and drove the ice pick through the top of Lacey’s left foot. The girl screamed in anguish, dropped the piece of wood and fell backwards onto her rump as blood began rapidly bubbling from the top of her foot.
While Lacey lay moaning on the carpet and holding tight to her bleeding foot, Melvin dizzily rose to his hands and knees. Blood trickled down his face and dripped to the carpet below. His ears were ringing and his head was throbbing in agony. To his right, Mrs. Simmons lay clutching her bloody chest and violently gasping for air. To his right, he saw Lacey. Glaring hard at the girl. He then let out a vicious snarl and flung himself on top of her. Lacey screamed and thrashed as she and Melvin struggled on the floor. He raised the ice pick high and brought it down. She caught him by the wrist, stopping the pick mere inches from her face. The two continued to struggle about on the floor for several more moments before Lacey managed to bring her leg up and knee Melvin hard in the groin. Melvin’s eyes bugged and the breath went whooshing from his lungs as he proceeded to roll off the girl, gagging hard as the pain in his gut and testicles quickly swelled to unbearable proportions.
As Melvin lay rolling about on the floor and holding tight to his throbbing testicles, Lacey frantically scrambled to her feet and attempted to run. She cried out in pain and collapsed to the floor the moment she put pressure on her bleeding foot. Clenching her teeth, the girl then grabbed the edge of the bed and began pulling herself up, ignoring her throbbing foot as best she could. Looking up from the floor, Melvin saw Lacey attempting to get away. Doing his best to ignore the throbbing anguish in his groin, he bared his teeth and began crawling to a stand.
Seeing Melvin get to his feet, Lacey screamed, forced herself to a stand and began quickly limping her way toward the shattered balcony doors. Once on his feet, Melvin attempted to lunge for the girl once more, only for something to catch him by the ankle and cause him to go falling forward. His body smacked the carpet and the ice pick stabbed deep into the floor in front of him, just barely missing the back of Lacey’s ankle by not even an inch. He then quickly attempted to reach out and grab the girl, but once again, she was just barely out of his reach.
As Lacey clumsily limped away, Melvin quickly jerked his head back to see what had made him trip. There, holding tight to his right ankle with both hands was Mrs. Simmons glaring back at him, her mouth oozing blood, her eyes weak and half-lidded. With an angry roar, Melvin yanked his ice pick from the floor, lurched upright and planted the pick through the top of the woman’s skull.
Lacey stumbled and cried out as she stepped through the shattered balcony doors, falling forward and catching herself on the balcony’s guard rail. She turned her head and looked back into the bedroom, quickly forcing herself to look away when she caught a glimpse of Melvin violently stabbing into her mother’s dead body. Looking over the balcony, she saw the pool down below, as well as the concrete ground surrounding it. She quickly did the math. Even if she got a running start, she’d never clear the concrete. There’d be no outrunning Melvin either. Not with the gaping hole in her foot. So, what then? Should she take her chances and try to jump? Even if the fall killed her, it’d likely be better than anything Melvin had planned for her. Just as Lacey began to contemplate the unthinkable, she looked over and began to stare at the ivy trellis leading up the siding of the house…
Back inside the spare room, Melvin was struggling to pull his ice pick from Mrs. Simmons’ blood-soaked cranium. Gritting his teeth, he twisted and pulled with all his might, but the deadly tool wouldn’t budge. Goddammit, he thought, Lacey was getting away! Letting out a frustrated snarl, Melvin scurried to his feet, planted one foot on top of Mrs. Simmons’ squishy, crimson head, and yanked the ice pick’s handle as hard as he could. The pick finally came loose and Melvin flew backwards, landing hard on his rump. After scrambling to his feet, he then rushed out through the shattered glass doors and onto the balcony, seeing no sign of Lacey.
“Fuck!” he spat.
He was about to take off back toward the study when he noticed something strange; Lacey’s bloody footprints ended not even halfway down the balcony. Could she have…No, she couldn’t have…
Melvin peered over the edge of the balcony, expecting to see Lacey’s dead, broken body sprawled out on the concrete below. To his surprise, he saw no trace of the girl, broken or otherwise. But how was that possible? Even if the fall didn’t kill her, there’s no way she could’ve just gotten up and walked away. Right?
As Melvin stared down over the edge of the balcony, Lacey clung for dear life on the ivy trellis twelve feet above him. A bead of sweat crept down her brow as she stared down over her shoulder at him. Her terrified gaze then wandered upwards. If she could only get to the roof, she thought. Looking back down at Melvin, Lacey swallowed and did her best to remain calm. Just stay perfectly still, she told herself. Just stay still and wait for him to leave. Keeping her eyes on Melvin, Lacey slowly reached her arm up to get a better grip on the trellis. Before she could do so, however, a nesting dove took notice of her approaching hand and exploded into flight, frantically cooing out in surprise as it made its escape.
Melvin jumped and jerked his head up toward the direction of the sudden noise. Lacey nearly lost her grip, but was able to grab hold of a patch of ivy to keep from falling. When she looked back down, Melvin was staring up at her, his mouth agape, his eyes wide with disbelief. The girl froze when she and Melvin locked eyes, the subsequent terror rendering her unable to move. The look of astonishment on Melvin’s face then quickly morphed into a vicious snarl and he sprung forward. Lacey screamed and began climbing as fast as she could. Melvin clamped the ice pick between his teeth and began climbing up after her.
Lacey breathed hard, tears pouring down her face as she frantically climbed her way up the trellis and toward the roof, Melvin in hot pursuit. When she looked back down, she saw Melvin less than eight feet below her, ice pick clenched between his teeth, his eyes burning with a murderous rage. Climbing for dear life, the girl then reached up and grabbed one of the wooden rungs only for it to break off in her hand. She cried out in mortal terror when she began to fall backwards, but she somehow managed to keep her hold on the trellis. Looking back down, Lacey saw that Melvin was now less than six feet below her, removing the ice pick from between his teeth. She screamed and quickly pulled herself upwards as Melvin struck, his ice pick stabbing into the wall where her foot had just been.
Heart racing and adrenaline pumping, Lacey reached the top of the trellis and began clawing her way onto the roof of the house, the rough shingles feeling akin to sandpaper on her breasts and belly. When she finally managed to pull herself up, she dug her fingernails into the shingles and began scaling the rough, slanted surface for dear life. As Lacey began to crawl up the roof, Melvin suddenly appeared behind her, his ice pick raised high. Lacey screamed and she was once again just barely able to jerk her leg up in the nick of time to avoid getting stabbed. Melvin attempted to stab Lacey again and again as the two of them continued to scale the steep rooftop, each time just barely missing the girl by mere inches. Baring his teeth, Melvin finally reached his free arm forward and managed to grab hold of Lacey’s ankle. The girl screamed like a stuck pig and began violently kicking and thrashing against his grip. Her first kick just barely grazed his ear. Her second kick bloodied his nose. The third sent him somersaulting backwards down the rooftop.
Pure fear engulfed Melvin as he rolled down the roof’s surface, the ice pick flying from his hand and the shingles tearing at his naked flesh. Flinging his arms out and twisting his body sideways, he dug his fingernails into the shingles and was able to stop the fall’s momentum just enough to keep himself from toppling off the edge of the roof.
He hissed in pain as he clung hard to the shingles and attempted to pull himself back up, his legs and torso dangling over the roof’s edge. His crippling fear only intensified when he happened to look down to the ground below. He quickly averted his gaze and looked back up to see Lacey continuing her ascent up the roof’s surface. He then happened to look over and spot his ice pick resting in the gutter. When he looked back at Lacey again, his fear morphed into pure hatred. He’d come too goddamn far to give up now, he told himself. Before this night was at an end, by God, he was gonna nail Lacey Simmons, or kill both her and himself trying. Baring his teeth, Melvin flung his leg up over the gutter and began hoisting himself back onto the roof.
As Lacey neared the top of the roof, she looked down just in time to see Melvin pulling himself back up over the roof’s edge. Panicking, she attempted to crawl faster only for one of the shingles to come loose beneath her foot and cause her to go sliding nearly six feet back down. The girl screamed out in pain as the shingles tore at her breasts and belly, leaving her bare flesh raw and bleeding. Through her teary eyes, she then proceeded to look back down and see Melvin snatch his ice pick from the gutter before starting after her yet again. Sobbing hard, the girl did the only thing she could do and once again started climbing.
She knew she couldn’t get away from him, Lacey thought as she inched her way toward the top of the roof. If she’d only taken her chances with that jump from the balcony, she might have been able to escape. Not up here though. A fall from this height would kill her for sure. Where in God’s name were the police? Her mother had given the operator their address. Maybe if she jumped from the front of the house, she might at least have a chance. The front yard was just dirt and grass. If she landed the right way, maybe she could avoid any kind of serious injury.
When Lacey reached the top of the roof, she grabbed hold of the lightning rod for support before looking back down. Melvin was gaining on her fast. Weeping hard and flying into a panic, the girl began to scream.
“HEEEEEELP!!!! HEEEELP!!!!”
A dog began barking from several houses down. Aside from that, nobody responded to Lacey’s cries. She looked down once again. Melvin was getting closer. She had no choice. She’d have to jump. Tightening her grip on the lightning rod, Lacey attempted to pull herself up. She managed to make it to a half-stand before the rod suddenly snapped off in her hand. The girl then screamed in terror as her body began to fall backwards.
Melvin was removing the ice pick from between his teeth when Lacey cried out. He then looked up just in time to see the girl fall backwards and come barreling down the roof toward him.
“Oh shit!” Melvin exclaimed just a split-second before Lacey crashed into him and the two began barreling down the roof.
The two struggled and fought even as they rolled, Melvin fighting for dominance, Lacey screaming and clawing at his face, all the while the rough shingles scrubbing at their flesh. The fighting stopped, however, and both Melvin and Lacey screamed in mortal terror when the two of them rolled right over the edge of the roof and began plummeting hard to the concrete ground below. Their screams were then cut off by the loud, fleshy splat that quickly followed…
Chapter 10
Melvin’s vision was completely black. His ears were ringing and he felt slightly sick to his stomach. Was he dead? Had the fall killed him? No, something had broken his fall. Something soft and warm. He could still feel the ice pick clutched in his hand as well. Ever so slowly, he raised his throbbing head. When he opened his eyes and looked down, he was staring practically nose to nose with Lacey Simmons. Though her eyes were open, the girl didn’t stare back. Her gaze was listless and void of life. Her mouth was agape and a pool of blood was slowly spreading across the concrete from beneath her head. Wincing in pain, Melvin slowly lifted himself up off the dead girl beneath him and rose to a stand.
For the longest time, Melvin could only stare down in disbelief at Lacey’s still, lifeless frame sprawled out on the concrete in front of him. The girl’s once perfect body now lay twisted and broken, her shattered limbs sticking out at odd angles. Her smooth, blemish-free skin was covered nearly head to toe in raw, bleeding scrapes and large purple bruises. Her long, golden locks that once shone like the summer sun were now tangled and matted with crimson blood.
The autumn breeze blew a couple of brown leaves across the concrete. Melvin didn’t seem to notice and continued staring blankly down at Lacey’s body. Moments later, the far-off sound of police sirens made itself known. Hearing the sirens, Melvin briefly glanced over his shoulder before looking back down at Lacey. No doubt those sirens were responding to Mrs. Simmons’ call, he thought. Should he try to run maybe? God knows he wouldn’t get very far. He was butt-ass naked and covered in blood. People tended to take notice of such things. The crippling sense of defeat grew stronger with each passing second. Some night this had been. He closed his eyes and let out a long sigh before once again looking down to Lacey’s body.
The distant sirens grew closer. He knew the entire property would be swarming with cops in just a matter of minutes. His perfect night would soon be at an end, sans perfection. He looked down to Lacey’s body yet again. He then happened to glance over to the pool house some thirty feet away. He narrowed his eyes. He tightened his grip on the ice pick. The night was indeed coming to an end, but it wasn’t over just yet. Before he’d even set out on this bloody venture, he’d decided that if he was gonna go out, it would be on his own terms, and by God, that was a vow he very much intended to keep.
As the far-off sirens continued to approach, Melvin clamped the ice pick between his teeth, grabbed Lacey’s limp, blood-soaked wrists and began dragging the girl’s battered, lifeless body toward the pool house…
********
The blaring sound of police sirens mercilessly tore through the otherwise quiet suburb as the squad car turned into the Simmons’ driveway. After parking behind the Simmons’ Sudan, two officers, an older black man and a blonde, baby-faced rookie jumped out of the squad car, drew their guns and dashed toward the house.
“Cover me,” the older officer said as he rushed up to the front door.
The rookie nodded.
“POLICE!!!!” the older officer shouted as he and the rookie burst through the front door.
The house was eerily quiet as the two officers shined their flashlights through the darkened foyer.
“I’ve got upstairs, you check down here,” the older cop whispered.
The rookie nodded once again and split off to explore one of the living areas while the older cop took off up the staircase. Upon reaching the top of the landing, the older officer slowly crept down the hall with his gun held at the ready. When he reached Lacey’s bedroom, he quickly ducked through the doorway and aimed his gun into the room. The man’s stomach went cold at the sight of Brad Baker’s body lying in the middle of the floor. The young man had been stabbed repeatedly, his body littered with deep puncture wounds, the carpet around him a sea of crimson blood. Over by the bathroom door lay the body of Mr. Simmons, his neck slashed open, his right eye socket oozing blood and pulp onto the carpet in front of him.
“Jesus Christ,” the officer muttered as he reached up and spoke into his radio. “Got two bodies upstairs, no sign of the perp.”
Downstairs, the rookie stepped out of the kitchen and into the hallway before giving his reply.
“Downstairs looks clean too, I’m gonna go check out back,” the young man spoke into his own radio.
“Copy that,” the older officer replied.
The younger officer then readied his gun and made his way toward the step-down den. Upon opening the sliding glass door and stepping outside, it didn’t take him long to notice the trail of blood splattered all across the pool area…
Back upstairs, the older cop exited Lacey’s bedroom and went to check the other rooms. He tried the knob to one of the spare rooms, finding it to be locked. Licking his lips, he took a quick step back and shattered the door’s lock with a single kick. Though the lock came loose, the door only opened and inch or so. Something was blocking it, the officer concluded.
After repeatedly shoving at the door with his shoulder, the door began to slowly budge open. When he finally had enough room to do so, the man maneuvered his way through the opening and slipped inside the room. A toppled dresser had been blocking the door. The carpet was littered with blood, broken glass, and pieces of what appeared to be a busted wooden globe. In the middle of it all lay another body, this one belonging to a middle-aged woman. Her platinum blonde hair was matted with blood. Her twisted up face was a crimson mess as well. Her teeth were clenched tight and her eyes were rolled to the back of her head.
“Mother of God…” the older cop muttered to himself as he fumbled for his radio.
Back outside, a small chill went slithering up the rookie cop’s spine as he gazed down in horror at the crimson trail leading across the concrete surface. Little by little, his uncomfortable gaze followed said trail across the pool area and over to the small pool house at the edge of the backyard. The trail of blood ended right at the pool house’s door.
The young officer jumped and cursed aloud when his radio suddenly crackled to life.
“Got another body up here,” the older officer said. “Still no sign of the perp.”
“Freeman, get down here, I got a trail of blood leading to the pool house out back,” the young officer replied.
“Oh shit. On my way.”
Without waiting, the rookie readied his gun, ducked low and quickly made his way over to the pool house. Pressing himself against the side of the building, the young officer slid his way down the building’s surface and toward the door. Once he reached the door, he stood and listened. He could just barely make out the muffled noises coming from inside. Tightening his grip on his gun, the young officer licked the sweat from his upper lip and swallowed, doing his best to ignore the icy feeling in his gut. The young man then jumped in front of the door, brought his leg up, and kicked with all his might. The lock busted and the door flew open with a loud bang.
“FREEZE!!!! POLICE!!!!” the rookie shouted as he aimed his gun into the room.
The young man’s eyes then went wide and the color drained from his face.
“Dear God…” the young officer whispered.
Just then, the older cop ran up beside him and aimed his gun into the room as well.
“FREEZE!!!!” the older man shouted.
His mouth went agape and he too went pale as he gazed in at the horrific scene before him.
Two high school kids lay coupling on the old loveseat inside the pool house. The girl was on her back, her knees pinned to her chest as the scrawny looking boy on top of her thrusted away, the sound of their bodies slapping together echoing throughout the tiny space. The girl was completely limp. Her eyes were dead and her long blonde hair was matted with blood. What appeared to be the handle of an ice pick was jutting out from between the girl’s breasts. The young man ravaging the dead girl looked more like a wild animal than a human being. The boy was naked and covered nearly head to toe in crimson blood. He grunted loudly as he violently thrusted into the girl, his teeth bared, his eyes shut tight as he pumped hard and fast.
“Lacey…Oh, God, Lacey,” the young man moaned, his fingernails digging into the girl’s ankles as he quickened his pace.
“Jesus Christ,” the rookie moaned under his breath as he resisted the urge to vomit.
“GET DOWN ON THE GROUND!!!! NOW!!!!” the older cop shouted, aiming his gun at the young man on the loveseat.
Melvin was too far gone to pay either officer any mind.
“Lacey! Oh Lacey, just like that!” he moaned in ecstasy, pumping even harder.
Even in death, Lacey’s slick warmth encircled him, squeezing hard, pulling him deep. Countless lights flashed throughout his brain. Wave after wave of warm, soothing pleasure washed over him with each and every thrust. He’d had no idea something could feel so good. As the pleasure built to a climax, the room, the two cops, everything ceased to exist. Sight, smell, all of it was gone. The only thing that mattered, the only thing there was, the only thing that even existed was the pure indescribable pleasure of at long last being one with Lacey Simmons.
With a cry of ecstasy, Melvin threw his head back and erupted deep inside the girl. His muscles went tight, his breathing grew rigid, his cock throbbed painfully hard as he emptied himself in the dead girl’s womb, flooding her with wave after wave of thick, warm seed. He breathed hard and kept his eyes closed, savoring every glorious instant. When the pleasure began to idle, a pleasant numbness seemed to overtake his entire being, making him feel as though he were floating on a cloud. Only when said feeling passed did Melvin begin to reacknowledge his surroundings.
“GET DOWN ON THE GROUND!!!! NOW!!!!” he heard one of the officers yell.
Suddenly remembering the two cops standing in the doorway, Melvin slowly turned his head and looked over in their direction. Both men stood blocking the doorway, their guns trained on him. His eyes darted to both his left and then his right. Escape clearly wasn’t an option, but he’d known that from the beginning. He suddenly remembered the bottle of sleeping pills in his backpack; the backpack that was currently stuffed underneath Lacey’s bed back inside the house. So much for the easy way out, he thought.
He looked back down to Lacey’s broken, bleeding corpse, took note of her dead, glassy eyes, the ice pick jutting from her chest, the milky-white seed slowly oozing from her womanhood. He then thought back to all the people he’d killed tonight, Brad, Aunt Tess, Lacey’s parents, and he asked himself a single question; had it been worth it?
“THIS IS YOUR LAST WARNING!!!! GET DOWN ON THE GROUND, NOW!!!!”
Melvin looked back over to the two officers. After staring blankly for just a few moments, he slowly began to raise his hands.
“That’s it. Nice and slow like,” the older officer told him.
Keeping his hands raised, Melvin slowly slid himself off the edge of the couch and began kneeling to the floor. Halfway into his kneel, however, he smiled big, shot his hand toward Lacey’s chest and grabbed hold of the ice pick’s handle. Yanking the ice pick from Lacey’s chest, Melvin then let out a barbaric cry and lunged for the two officers with the pick held high. Both men opened fire.
The tiny pool house was filled with the deafening roar of gunfire as the two officers emptied their guns into Melvin’s scrawny, blood-soaked frame. Melvin’s eyes went wide and pain exploded throughout his chest and gut as the officers’ bullets racked his body. As agonizing as the pain was, it lasted only a few moments. After that, his body went cold and the world around him seemed to go into slow motion.
Melvin’s ears rang. The ice pick fell from his grip. Every movement, every sound, everything around him went slow and silent as his body began to fall. His vision blurred. The icy coldness soon turned to an empty numbness. Finally, after what felt like an eternity, his body hit the ground.
“SHOTS FIRED!!!! SHOTS FIRED!!!!” one of the officers yelled into his radio.
The world slowly began to spin before Melvin’s eyes as he lay sprawled out across the pool house floor, the officer’s voice just barely registering as a distant echo to his ears. Soon enough, all form of sound left his ears and his swirling vision began to fade. After that, the world went black and the two men faded from vision.
As Melvin took his final breaths, he once again asked himself had it all been worth it? To the outsider looking in, probably not, he concluded. Most people were content with merely existing. They got up, they went to work, they collected their modest little paychecks and went home to get a couple hours’ rest so they could do it all again the next day. Mindless robots, every one. Of course, what else could they be? The way this world worked, it was hard to be anything else. Hard perhaps, but never impossible. Deep down, everybody wanted to be something other than what they were. To do more, to feel more, to truly be alive, even if only for a short time. Such desires were present in all men, though very few were ever brave enough to cut society’s reins and act upon them. They simply accepted the stagnation of everyday life without question and begrudgingly played their role to a dull and listless tee. Not him though, Melvin thought, a weak smile forming on his face as he lay dying on the floor. He’d broken free of life’s stagnation and taken what he wanted without a second thought. Sure, in the end it had cost him his life, but what was life, anyhow? Was it slaving away in an office cubicle or a fast food joint just to keep a roof over your head? Was it bussing tables and scrubbing floors in a sad and ultimately futile attempt to make a dent in your student loans? Was it doing the exact same thing day in and day out every single day for the rest of your life? If that was indeed all that life had to offer, then Melvin was not impressed. Perhaps his actions tonight had been pointless, morbid as they may have been, but to live life by society’s rules, to let the world dictate what you can and cannot have, to exist simply for the sake of existing, that, in Melvin’s most humble point of view, would’ve been truly pointless.
Seventeen-year-old Melvin Fitzwater died on the Simmons’ pool house floor with twelve bullets in his chest and a twisted smile on his face. News of the Simmons’ deaths spread fast, and within 48 hours, there wasn’t a soul in Parker County who hadn’t been at the very least offhandedly made aware of Melvin’s horrendous crimes. Some people blamed the media. Some people blamed the schools. Some people offered up prayers and condolences while others merely shrugged it off as just one of those things and went about their day.
Within the weeks that followed, a candlelight vigil was held at the Parker County Highschool for both Lacey Simmons and Brad Baker, with private ceremonies for each family being held at later dates. A joint memorial service was held for both Lacey and her parents, after which the three were interred in a family plot in upstate Virginia. With no family to claim Melvin’s body, he was cremated and his ashes disposed of in accordance with state law. Eventually, time passed and the people of Parker County went about their daily lives just the same as if the horrific events had never taken place to begin with, and though the memories faded, people never did fully forget about the unspeakable atrocities that took place on that chilly autumn night, nor the deranged young individual responsible for them…
