 Praise for Author Valjeanne Jeffers       



The future, according to author Valjeanne Jeffers, C’84, consists of a world filled with futuristic transportation pods that shoot across town on compressed air and are self-cleaning, as well as mechanical hover crafts that whisk you to your door...

But despite all of this change, some things in the world remain the same. People are divided according to class lines: those in power choose who lives well, in a bright, clean, atmosphere, while the underclass consists of the poor, multicultural masses, who must live in underground quarters with polluted air and water, scarce food and decrepit housing. They exist exclusively to serve the needs of the power class, and they are only allowed above ground while working. Class battles rage from this dynamic. Jeffers looks at this future world with imagination and wit, while delving into the inner spiritual and physical needs of the people involved. The Switch has scenes filled with horror, erotica, intrigue, fighting, love and a lot of action. This is just the kind of reading to keep you warm on long winter nights. 

―Review of The Switch II: Clockwork, 2012 Spelman Messenger


When I first sat down to read Immortal I was skeptical. I'm not a vampire/werewolf/shape shifter fan but the book came highly recommended. Now that I have read it I'm hooked. Valjeanne balances a number of genres in this book; horror, science fiction and romance and makes it all believable. 


It's the strength of her characters and their personal lives that tie it all together. Although these characters are involved in epic situations they are also dealing with everyday relationship issues that affect their bigger decisions, just like real folks. And Valjeanne knows how to write an action scene as well. A great book and a great series to follow. 

―Author Milton Davis

Immortal by Valjeanne Jeffers starts in the year 3075 and Tundra has been at peace for 400 years. Gone is the racism, poverty and war. Where if any weapons are brought into Tundra it is the one thing punishable by death. Tundra, a place where you are only known by your first name and number.

Immortal by Valjeanne Jeffers is an enchanting tale of magic, werewolves and humans that turn into creatures of the night. The story was mesmerizing to say the least. I look forward to reading the next installment in this series. Although a quick read, the story moves fast and leaves you wanting more. The writings of Mr. Jeffers remind me a lot of the writer Clive Barker. So if you are into stories that are magical that tell tales of the mythical, then this is your book. 

―Reviewed by Leona
APOOO BookClub 


 Valjeanne Jeffers is a literary chef. She has taken three ingredients, steampunk, horror, and alternate history, blended them together and created a scrumptious main course of thrills, excitement, and suspense. In her latest offering, Mona Livelong: Paranormal Detective, prominent men of color have been murdered in the city of Monterrey. Because these       		
crimes bear a taint of the supernatural, Mona's services are enlisted. Besides possessing vast knowledge of all things paranormal-related, Mona is also a gifted sorceress. Aided by her on again off again lover and possibly the coolest, hippest ghost in the spirit world, Mona attempts to track down a killer, while uncovering a dangerous conspiracy.

The world of Mona Livelong is colorfully laid out in vivid detail. The overall background is replete with steam powered machines, nifty clockwork gadgetry, and stunning fashion reminiscent of the late 19th century. The events in the story occur in the 1970s. The United States is split into two nations, one a ardently white supremacist regime, the other, striving for racial equality, but burdened by persistent, customary racism. The alternate geo-political context plays every bit as crucial a role in this novel as the demons, monsters, gods and goddesses that populate its pages.

Mona Livelong is smart, skilled and courageous. She’s also a warrior who's not intimidated by the evil she confronts or the danger intrinsic to her job. This book is a truly enjoyable read, bearing the titillating promise of a sequel...better yet, a series. 
—Author Ronald Jones


A fascinating mix of steamfunk, alternate history, and supernatural horror. The world Valjeanne Jeffers has created in this novel is complex and intriguing, but the focus here is on the story, which kept me turning pages late into the night.

 Mona Livelong is a worthy addition to the tradition of occult detective literature. I’m looking forward to reading the next novel in this series, and I hope there will be a third. 
—Author Darrell Grizzle

Oh man! Mystery, supernatural, alternate history, and a touch of steamfunk – this tale of murder and the supernatural is simply amazing! The division of the US is a great concept and woven into the tale. No info dumps here! Strange murders bring paranormal detective Mona Livelong into a wild tale of murder and mayhem with tidbits of traditional African and southern supernatural traditions leading to a compelling end.
—Author Ruth de Jauregui

This book literally had me at the edge of my seat. I have the bruises on my butt cheeks when I hit the floor as proof. Valjeanne Jeffers beautifully crafted several different scenarios together creating a fantastic story and a wonderful character in Mona Livelong. On top of that, Jeffers had woven a romance into the story that felt believable.

Mona Livelong is now one of my favorite fictional characters. I can’t wait until I can get my hands on Mona Livelong II.
—Author D.K. Gaston 





Mona Livelong: Paranormal Detective II

The Case of the Vanishing Child

Valjeanne Jeffers 

Copyright Valjeanne Jeffers 2020 all rights reserved. Cover art by Quinton Veal Copyright 2020 all rights reserved.

Preview or purchase works by Quinton Veal and Valjeanne Jeffers at www.vjeffersandqveal.com


____


For my sister, Sidonie Colette Jeffers, who dug my writing. Love you girl, always have, always will.


_____

Part I: The Raven

Maji hayatokoti yakishushwa kwa moto.
Water does not boil if taken away from fire.
—Swahili Proverb


Breath brings word
Nappy Dusky Longing 
Song like my own
—Maya’s Kwansaba


_____

Prologue
A solitary cafe au lait-colored man with freckles, his thick hair tied back with cords, walked to the lot behind the Constabulary Station. Keeping his head down, Richard Starks moved silently through the rows of steam-autos parked there. He walked past them, looking carefully at the numbers painted on the auto doors. When he found the one he sought, he crouched on the other side of the steam-auto and waited.

He didn’t have to wait long. Minutes later, a burly white Constable exited the station and walked through the lot. He hunkered down before the auto and started turning the crank.

Richard drew a dagger from the folds of his shirt. Moving swiftly, he crept from the side of the car. As the Constable rose from his haunches, the black man sprang— stabbing him over and over. The Constable fell to his knees and then toppled over, twitching and bleeding at Richard’s feet. Moments later, he was dead.

Shaking and crying, Richard stood over him. At length, he calmed himself and slipped the dagger back inside his shirt. He wiped his face with his arm and stepped over the dead Constable to the side of the auto. He drew a symbol on the steam-auto door with his bloody fingers and spoke the mantra, “Kuja kwangu mpendwa wangu kwa maana ni kisasi mimi kutafuta ... Come to me my beloved, for it is vengeance I seek.” 

Diaphanous shades smudged into view. In the next instant three figures towered over him, their faces shifting in the darkness ... from black to red ... green to blue ... female to male ... It made him dizzy trying to hone in on their features. He realized that perhaps he was not meant to see their faces. Perhaps it would drive him insane. He fixed his vision on a point beyond their huge shoulders. 

The one on his left spoke, “You summoned us, little one?”

“Yes,” Richard whispered.

“You know what it is you seek?” the second one asked. 

“We cannot harm the innocent,” the third entity intoned.

For the first time anger crept into the young man’s voice. “They ain’t innocent. They’re murderers.”

The spirits spoke in one basso profundo voice, “So be it.”

Rivulets of blood ran down the Constabulary building. The dead officer sat up. His wounds healed, and his eyes glazed over with a white film. Then they turned blue once more. 

The blood vanished. The Constable got to his knees, crouching before the auto, and finished turning the crank. The motor sputtered to life. He stood and walked to the driver’s side, got into the auto and drove from the lot.

——
Constable Burt Phillips, a thick-set white officer, pulled his steam-auto up to the curb beside his flat. Burt put his auto in park, got out and turned the crank on his steam-auto, shutting  the engine off. He was feeling good this evening—better than he’d felt in weeks. For awhile, he’d thought that Eddie Plumb, the unarmed black man he’d killed months ago, was haunting him. 

He’d been drinking the night he killed Plumb and in a foul mood. I just wanted respect. That darkie needed to be put in his place. 

Plumb had walked past Burt that night, his eyes insolent, his back straight and proud. Something had snapped inside Burt. He’d shouted at Plumb over and over to stop walking, but the young man ignored him. So Burt shot him in the back. When questioned by Internal Affairs, he’d told a different story: Eddie was a robbery suspect, who’d fled when he ordered him to stop. 

The DA cleared me. That’s that.

The week of his death, Eddie Plumb had appeared in Burt’s steam-auto and, for weeks afterwards, he’d rode beside Burt—mocking him, insulting him, calling him a murderer. Then just as suddenly he was gone. Burt had dismissed Eddie as a hallucination brought on by the stress of the hearing. 

Certainly he bore no guilt over killing Plumb. Darkies getting out of control. In my daddy’s time they knew their place. That’s one that won’t make trouble no more.

His daddy had been a hard man, and even harder to love. But love him Burt did, through all the beatings, through all the times he’d found his mother bloodied from his old man’s fists.

His father’s most essential rule, THE RULE, was that he should hate anyone who wasn’t white. “Keep ‘em under your boot son,” this was said with the utmost emphasis during the few times he’d shown Burt affection. “For a white man, ain’t nothing more important.” His daddy had hated black and brown folks, and Burt loved his daddy. So, he hated them too.

He opened the door to his flat and stepped inside.

——

Richard sat in the darkness. The only illumination came from the moon and the streetlight outside his window. He shut his eyes. 

When he opened them, his room had been transformed. 

Thick grass grew under his feet. He stared into a gold, orange and blue sunset, a half-smile of wonderment on his face. To his right, the walls and door of his flat remained. Straight ahead, camel thorn trees spouted in the brush. In the distance, he could hear the steady rhythm of drums and a faint whisper. Richard cocked his head to the right. Listening. 

He nodded and shut his eyes once more. His spirit rose from the chair. He looked back at his body then walked out into the night. Those he passed on the street could not see him ... But they felt him as a breeze. 

——

Phillips was sitting in an armchair nursing a beer when Richard walked through his wall. Burt felt a presence, a shifting in the air, and looked about uneasily.

Richard became solid.

Burt jumped up. The glass of beer dropped from his hand to the floor, shattering “Who are you? How the hell did you get in here—?!”

Richard raised his right hand and the stand holding four knives on Burt’s countertop rotated. The knives rose, hovered in midair, and flew toward the Constable. He fled and the knives followed him—impaling him in his chest and stomach. Burt stood for a moment, blood leaking from the corners of his lips, then collapsed in a boneless heap.

Richard Starks became shadow once more. He turned and walked back through Burt’s wall, melting into the night.

_____
 
Chapter 1: The Door

Councilman Henry Burr stood in the living room of his two-story mansion. He finished off his brandy and picked up a curved knife from his table. Burr was a tall man of forty years with a shock of wavy blond hair, full lips and gray-green eyes. When he smiled, it softened the hard angles of his face, his square jaw, and the cleft of his chin. Few women could resist his good looks, his soft Cajun accent, and his smile. 

He owned a carpentry factory in Monterrey City. DA Joe McIntyre, only two years older than Burr, had loaned Burr the coins to start his little business, and later handpicked Burr for the City Council. McIntyre had old coin, inherited from his great-great-grandfather, a slaveholder, and passed from one generation to the next. With McIntyre’s backing, Burr had scored a narrow victory to the Council. 

Joe McIntyre’s persona of a fearful, timid young man was all smoke and mirrors. DA Joe McIntyre was, in fact, one of the political behemoths behind White Men United. 

Burr thought back to the murder of Eddie Plumb. Everybody thought Mayor Franks had twisted McIntyre’s arm to clear Plumb’s killer when it was the DA’s idea all along to let Phillips walk.

He sho’ fooled a whole of people. Dat he did. Dey don’ know he wants to turn back the Grand Experiment. 

In 1955, after a siege of bloody civil wars and the upsurge of the Red, Brown, and Black Power Movements, the United States separated into True America and North America. With sweeping radical legislation termed Restructuring, in what later became known as The Grand Experiment, North America outlawed all racial and gender discrimination. 

Conservative states, newly named True America, were allowed to secede from North America, keep their oppressive laws, and trouble the progressives no more. Segregation would go on in True America, with citizens working at jobs designated by their race and sex.

At first, True America politicians were overjoyed. Then, to their horror, North America deployed soldiers to escort those wanting to migrate to NA across the new nation lines—scientists, laborers, teachers, and doctors of all races rushed to flee amid True American screams of “labor shortages.” 

After the Grand Experiment, crime leveled out in North America. It was hard to tell if the shift was because of restructuring or because of a newly forged economy where few went hungry. But racism hadn’t been wiped out. It had just gone underground, with pockets of folks still vehemently opposed to the change scattered across North America. And white supremacists were determined to turn back the clock, not understanding that it would mean fewer coins in their pocket.

Burr fingered the blade. Dey would burn the world to a cinder, eh? If dey thought it would restore the white man to his former glory. What dey don’ understand, is dem rich folks don’ care about dem. Dey just using ‘em. 

He was sorry he’d gotten involved with McIntyre’s grasping schemes and realized now that he too was being used. He was the perfect face for White Men United. A poor boy who’d made good: Councilman Henry Burr, white business owner. Man of the people.
 
But Burr didn’t believe people of color were inferior. And he didn’t hate them. The words of WMU were only that. Words. Pretty sentiments to seduce and control the gullible. A means to an end. 

No, not an end. A beginning. To be ruled, people must be controlled. Burr knew this, even if White Men United’s followers didn’t. But what would happen to him if he turned his back on DA McIntyre and lived as he pleased? What would happen to his business—his house? What would happen to him?Would he awake one night engulfed in flames? These and other deadly scenarios played through his mind. 

Dem WMU crazy as a flock of loons.

Still holding the knife, he walked to his study, to the brass-lined bookcase centering the room. He pushed the right side of the bookcase, and it swung open to reveal a dark windowless room. Burr stepped inside and the bookcase swung closed behind him.

He’d picked this house because the former tenants, Auroral Lachette and Jude Javert, were rumored to have dabbled in sorcery. Four months ago, they’d vanished without a trace. This added mystery and notoriety to the house and also lowered the price. But Burr didn’t care about the coins. Once he knew the history of the mansion, he had to have it. And he’d found a wealth of occult literature, and more, inside the house.

A glowing half-circle, painted on the floor of the chamber had been left by the previous owners. A high-backed chair lined with velvet was the only piece of furniture in the room.  Burr reached inside his pants pocket and pulled out a wooden match. He fumbled about in the darkness, found the oil lamps affixed to the wall, struck the match on the wall and lit them. 

On the floor beside the chair was a book of symbols and chants. It was from this book that he’d first learned what the half-circle meant. It was the symbol of chaos, the symbol of humanity always at war with itself ... and designed to grant power to the supplicant. There were pictures too and strange names. The Reviled: here were images of a powerfully muscled daemon covered with green scales, his eyes like black pebbles. Golden talons glittered on his fingers and toes (Geth). Beside him sat a withered, blue daemon with the head of a hawk; black eyebrows curled upward to frame his bald crown; the talons of his hands and feet were silver (Paltus) … There was a depiction of a dark entity with a cruel arrogant face (Tehotep) … and a picture of blue-eyed fair-skinned daemon with long kinky hair (Hek-teon). Looking down at the book, Burr was filled with excitement.

Daddy always said—Burr shut his eyes tightly and bit his lip hard enough to draw blood. He licked the blood away. He didn’t want to think about his father. Not now. Not ever.

He wanted …? Power to be free. To live how I want.

Burr took the book and dragged it inside the circle. He knelt and held his arm over it, cutting into his forearm, so that blood dripped on the pages.

And spoke the mantra, “Transformai edivai, transformai edivai ... that which is whole, let it be broken, that which is pure, let it be defiled.”

Nothing happened. 

A groan of anguish escaped his mouth. Tonight would be like every other night, like every other empty spell he’d cast. His eyes filled with tears. 

Against the backdrop of the wall facing him ghostly entities appeared, their faces hidden, except for the red eyes gazing at him with great interest. Henry felt his bowels loosen. When he could speak, he opened his mouth to ask—to beg—for what he wanted.

A basso profundo voice spoke, “Your sacrifice is accepted.”

The chamber disappeared. A vortex of wind tore through the chamber hurling the chair against the wall. The tome’s pages turned rapidly— almost viciously. It rose in the air and hung there. Abruptly, the wind died, and the book dropped to the floor.

A door appeared in his wall. 

It swung open to reveal an alien city. Through the doorway, Henry spied twin moons nestled against one another in a violet sky.

See what you have wrought.  

____

Chapter 2: The Vanishing Child
It was a balmy afternoon, and school was out for the summer. The children milled about the copper-lined counter, ranging in age from eleven to five. Black, brown, pink and tofu-colored, their giggles rising in a cacophony of anticipation while Elconia, a slender caramel-hued woman with a wide face and large eyes, pried grape juice popsicles from an ice tray, shaved sticks protruding from each one. 

“Hold on now,” Elconia looked down at them, “I got one for everybody.” She placed a popsicle into each waiting hand. “The ice cream will be ready in a minute.” One girl of ten with large eyes, thick pigtails, and caramel-brown skin like her mother, lingered in the kitchen.

The woman turned and walked over to the low stool behind a short barrel with an upright handle. She sat and pushed the handle up and down. Inside the barrel, peach ice cream churned. 

Isis sidled up to her mother licking her popsicle, not minding the purple drops that fell onto her daisy print sundress. Elconia looked over at her and smiled. “What you want, Sweet Pea?”

“Is that hard?” Isis asked, watching her mother work the handle up and down.

“A little, but I take breaks.” She screwed the top off the barrel, revealing the creamy peach ice cream; beneath it lay a layer of rock salt. “It’s almost ready.”

Isis grinned. “Peach is my favorite.”

Elconia’s eyes twinkled. “I know.” She screwed the top back on and resumed working the handle. “Wanna help me serve?”

Isis nodded eagerly, “Yes, ma’am.” She finished off her popsicle in one bite. Her mother dragged the barrel to the counter, and her daughter followed, tossing her stick into the trash bin beside the counter.

Elconia placed wooden spoons before Isis. “I’ll put the ice cream in the cups, and you put in the spoons.” When they’d finished, Elconia handed her a cup. “Go tell ‘em it’s ready.”

Isis went to the door and shouted, “Ice cream’s ready!” The children came running, and Elconia passed out cups of ice cream.
 
“Come on Isis,” Fiona, a tall darker girl of twelve said. Isis followed her cousin outside.

Elconia went to the door. “Y’all don’t go far!” 

“Yes ma’am,” they said in unison. They walked through the grass fronting the houses. There were forty 
single-story apartments curling around to encircle the lawn. The complex was clean, and the flats built close together so that each unit shared a wall with its neighbor.

Two years ago, Elconia had fled her husband’s fists and feet with Isis and returned to her mother, Margaret. Margaret, now dying of cancer, lay in her bedroom, heavily sedated against the pain. A year later Fiona, whose parents were drug addicts, had joined their little family. Her parents had dropped her off one night and disappeared. And Elconia, in the way of black extended families, informally adopted her. She supported them all by taking in laundry and sewing jobs.

Isis paused, gazing toward the end of the row of houses. Past the little complex sat a solitary house covered with creeping vines. Unlike the trimmed lawns of the other homes the grass fronting this house was wild and unkempt. Slender branches of foliage touched the roof. 

Fiona ran over to her and followed her gaze. “We goin’ tonight?” Isis whispered. Whenever she mentioned the house, or even thought about it, she felt the need to whisper.

Fiona grinned, her face alit with curious mixture of anticipation and fear. “Yeah.”

——

At ten o’clock, Isis awoke to Fiona shaking her. “Isis, you woke?”

“Uh-huh ...” Isis mumbled. 

“Your mama’s sleep—come on!”

“Okay ...” Isis pushed aside her comforter and jumped out of bed. Anticipation made her suddenly wide awake. She slipped on her shoes and robe.

Fiona took her hand, and they crept out of the bedroom they shared, down the hallway and out the door. Hand-in-hand, the two ran down the cobblestones to the house at the end of the row. Fiona and Isis joined the dozen children already gathered before the house, staring at the sight before them, their eyes as wide as saucers.

A woman stood in the yard illuminated by the moonlight. She was covered from head to ankle with a white sheet. Beneath her bare feet lay a swatch of dead grass. 

The woman’s name was Ethel, and she’d lived in the house for as long as anyone could remember. Some of the elderly folks in the neighborhood whispered that she’d went crazy and killed her husband. She’d spent five years in the chain gang for the crime, before returning to her home in Clearwater. 

Ethel rarely emerged from her house, and whenever her neighbors saw her, her clothing was ragged, and her hair uncombed. Nobody knew how she survived, since no one ever saw her buy groceries, but she made the adults in the community nervous. They steered clear of her and warned their children to do the same. She was a crazy old woman, a murderess and, though she kept to herself, most likely dangerous. 

But for the children she was much, much more. A ghost and a witch. Perhaps both. Twice a week they gathered to stare at her. Ethel was like a horror play, only better because she was real. They gazed up at Ethel, terrified and yet filled with giddy excitement. 

A scream rose from the sheet—a ragged, undulating scream—more like the cry of a wounded beast than a human being. The children scattered. 

One inhumanely long arm extended from the beneath the sheet. Its clawed hand grasped Isis.

“FIONA!” Isis cried.

Fiona whirled to see her cousin lifted in air. “Naw!”

——

Isis appeared in Henry’s chamber. She opened her mouth wide and screamed and screamed.

——

“They coming Cheri, n’est-ce pas? But I can’t help you. Not yet.” It was the seductive baritone she knew so well … and then, the smell of cigar smoke. Papa Twilight. Moments later, a child’s terrified screams split the night …

In the darkness, Mona and Curtis opened their eyes, her cries echoing in their ears. 

______

Chapter 3: The Case

A melody of violins and guitar drifted through the open window. Mona opened her eyes and looked over at the sleeping brown-skinned man beside her. She rose from the brass bed, a tall, slender dark woman with short wavy hair, a wide nose, and full lips, slipped a robe over her camisole and sauntered down the hallway. Mona opened her front door and picked up the town paper. Last month, she’d taken out a weekly ad to pick up cases. 

Mona walked back down the hallway to the kitchen. She tossed the paper on the countertop, took a match from beside the stove and struck it on the wooden countertop. She lit her gas stove and started coffee brewing. The dark woman opened her coldbox (blocks of ice kept the food from spoiling, and the water dripped into a tray beneath it) and took out strawberries, sliced melon and cheese pastries and placed them on the counter.

The last three months had been good for her. Curtis had quit the Constabulary force and gone to work as a private investigator. He’d given up his house, while he built up his reputation as a PI, and moved back in with his parents. But whenever he could afford a train ticket, he came to visit her. Mona pulled two plates from the cupboard and stacked fruit and pastries on each one. Yes, things were good with them. Quiet too, here in Clearwater. But since the election of Shirley Mekins, a black woman, as governor the killing of people of color by Constables had escalated. Just this week in Monterrey, a young man, barely twenty, had been gunned down. 

How many is that now? Ten? Fifteen?

It made her sick at heart and so angry that she couldn’t remember, that they’d become so frequent she couldn’t keep up.  She and Curtis were taking the train to Monterrey this weekend to participate in a demonstration to protest the killings. Two of their contacts, Simone and Richard Starks, had found evidence that white supremacists had infiltrated the Constabulary. Even more disturbing was the possibility that both the mayor and the district attorney were behind it, despite the fact that white nationalist propaganda and activity were both illegal in North America. 

The sound of Curtis’s footsteps behind her pulled her back to the present. He pressed his body close to hers and kissed her cheek. “Good morning.” His voice held the light flavor of a Haitian accent. 

“Good morning,” Mona replied.

Curtis Dubois had dark eyes, skin the color of brown sugar and a lean muscular build. His hair was cut low and he sported a thin mustache. He walked over to the coffee pot and fixed them both cups of coffee. He set one on the breakfast bar for her and sat down with his own cup. Mona set his plate in front of him and perched on the stool with her breakfast.

Curtis unfurled the paper. “Harold sent me a post last week. He’s got a new partner.”

Mona took a bite of her pastry. “Does he like him?”

Curtis chucked. “Her,” he sipped his coffee. “And he can’t stand her. I should stop by and holler at him. I haven’t seen him in a while.” 

The shared nightmare lay between them. A silent, worrying presence. And they were making small talk to avoid it. Curtis flipped through the paper. “Sa ki lanfè a? Simone’s been murdered!”

“Simone Starks?”

“Look at this.” He handed her the paper.

Mona quickly skimmed the article. She looked up at him. “I can’t imagine how Richard is dealing with this.” 

“I know it hit him hard,” Curtis said. “Simone was all the family he had left.”  

Their lighthearted mood had fled. Neither one said it, but they were both thinking the same thing. Another murder. Another life lost in the rising death count. This time an activist. Somebody they’d known, somebody they’d liked. They finished eating in silence.

The sound of a doorbell tinkled through the house. Mona had the pulley attached to a bell at the top of her office door; customers only had to pull the lever above the doorknob. It was loud enough to be heard in both the adjoining edifices. Being self-employed meant times could be tight. She didn’t want to miss out on any clients.

Curtis looked up and frowned. “You expecting somebody?”

Mona shook her head. “No.” She rose, belted her robe around her waist and walked down the hallway. She stood before the door for a moment pushing her magical antenna beyond it, searching for malevolent energy. She’d placed protective wards about house. But an enemy could break through. If he, or she, had the right tools.

Mona opened the door. A caramel-colored woman in her mid-thirties with braided hair wearing a knee-length dress with petticoats stood in front of her office door. She held a drawstring purse, and her large eyes were red and swollen from crying. A chocolate-colored girl with shoulder-length pigtails, thin and tall for her age, stood beside her. She’d obviously been crying too.

“Good morning,” Mona said. “May I help you?”

“My name’s Elconia, Elconia Stamps. This here’s my niece,” her voice was low and hoarse, “My little girl is missing.” The woman stood rigidly and seemed to be controlling herself by sheer will.

“I’m Mona Livelong, come in please.” Mona walked over and opened the drapes behind the couch. “Have a seat. Can I offer you something?”

Elconia and the child sat down. “No, thank you.” 

Mona smiled down at the little girl. “What’s your name, sweetie?”

“Fiona,” her dull voice was just above a whisper.

“Are you hungry, Fiona?”

“No, ma’am.”

She’s in shock. They both are. 

Mona sat down in the armchair across from them, on the other side of a low wooden table. A paper scroll, and feathered pen inside an inkwell sat atop the table, along with hand-cut business cards. “Tell me what happened?”

“A woman, one of my neighbors, she took Isis. I knew what Ethel was, but I didn’t expect this. I didn’t…” She patted the little girl’s hand. “Tell her what happened.”

Fiona began speaking in a whispery voice, “We sneaked out to watch Miss Ethel... me and Isis. We go most every night to watch her ... She had a sheet over her head … like she does every night … And then … then her arm reached out of the sheet—it was so long!” Her voice rose in a sob, “Miss Ethel grabbed Isis—she grabbed her … I wanted to stop her … I wanted to help …” Fiona broke down, sobbing.

“Stop that!” Elconia said sharply. “It ain’t gonna help nothing!”

She can’t stand the sound of tears. She thinks she might start crying herself and never stop.

The child wiped her face with her hands and stilled her tears. At that moment, Curtis walked into the room carrying two cups of coffee. 

He handed one to Mona. “Thank you. This is my partner, Curtis Dubois. Do you mind if he sits in on our meeting?” Elconia shook her head. Curtis sat down in the high-backed cushioned chair beside Mona holding his cup, his arms resting on his knees. 

They held each other’s gaze for a moment. Papa Twilight’s warning. The screaming child. It was a sign of things to come.

“Did you tell the Constables about this?” Mona asked.
 
For the first time Elconia’s voice rose, verging on hysteria. “The house is empty— not a stick of furniture in it! Ain’t nobody seen Ethel! The Constables— they say they investigating. But they can’t help me. Folks in town say you solve the cases nobody else can, cases that ain’t normal. Well, ain’t nothing normal about this!” Elconia held Mona’s gaze with her bloodshot eyes. “Will you take my case? Will you find my little girl?”

Mona fought back the tears that suddenly wanted to flow. 

This woman’s pain was infectious. “Yes ma’am, but I can’t make any promises.”

“I know my baby’s alive. I can feel her. How much you charge?”

“Well, I—” Mona glanced at Curtis. “Just pay whatever you can,” she finished hurriedly. “We’ll settle up after I find Isis.” She knew it was wrong to give this woman hope, hope that might very well be false. But what else can I do? Besides, maybe she’s right. Maybe Isis is still alive. 
 
Elconia reached into her drawstring purse, pulled out a small bundle tied with a handkerchief and put it on the coffee table. “That’s fifty coins. I can get more.”

“Fifty is fine. You said you knew what Ethel was. Tell me about her.” 

“Folks say she killed her husband and went to the chain gang for it. She stays in an old house at the end of the block. She don’t have nothing to do with nobody. I shoulda gone to the mayor and made ‘em move her!”

Mona stood, lifted the scroll and pen from the table and handed it to Elconia.” Write down your name and address. Write down Ethel’s address too. What’s her last name?”

“Ketrell. Her last name is Ketrell.”

_______
Chapter 4: Deseo

Mona fitted a corset over her blouse and slipped on black form-fitting pants. Curtis dressed in a short sleeve shirt with sleeve-holders, knee-length trousers, long socks and brogans. Even though she’d called him her “partner” (which wasn’t official) she was surprised that Curtis had decided to go with her. 

He’d always been so rigidly opposed to her using magic, to her paranormal detective work, to her being a sorceress. As if there was anything she could do about it. Any of it. She was born with magical abilities. Paranormal work was her life’s blood. She could not imagine doing, imagine being, anything 
different. 

It was dangerous, scary, exciting work. And she loved it. Yet, until the last few months, all he’d wanted to do was to change her into a pliable, ordinary woman. He’d never been interested in her cases unless they involved him. Then, a powerful sorcerer had put them both on his hit list, briefly possessing Curtis. Mona had placed a protective spell on him and later his partner, Harold.

She’d been just as shocked as they were to discover the side effects. Both men had developed preternatural strength and agility, gifts which emerged whenever they were attacked by paranormal enemies. 

Now, Curtis was accompanying her to what was most certainly an ensorcelled crime scene without being asked. He finally came around. And all it took was a bloodthirsty sorcerer, an attack on his life, and a magic spell. Who knew it would be so easy?

Mona glanced over at Curtis; he was securing his musket on his weapons’ belt. She turned away to keep him from seeing the laughter trying to bubble from her mouth. She bit her lip to still her giggles, slipped her dagger into her sheath, and arranged her top hat on her head. Outside, she locked up while Curtis hunkered down and turned the crank on her steam-auto.

——

They parked on the edge of the community, in the lot facing the little homes, and traveled the rest of way on foot. The couple stood before the path gazing at Ethel’shouse. A huge oak tree stood before the path to her house. It was a small cottage with white peeling paint, covered with vines and overshadowed by branches. The cobblestone path was barely visible beneath the high grass. Except for one round patch of dead grass a few feet from where they stood. This, Mona was sure, was where Ethel had been standing the night she’d kidnapped Isis.

They walked down the cobblestones. As they reached the door, Mona was hit with a bout of nausea so intense she struggled to keep from vomiting. She adjusted her top hat; the chains wrapped around it had been magically treated to trap and diffuse malevolent sorcery. Curtis drew his musket. Mona twisted the knob and pushed the door open. They stepped into a dim room, bereft of furniture. Cobwebs clung to the walls. 

Across from them, and to their right, were more empty rooms. Out of the corner of his eye, Curtis glimpsed a shadow moving past a doorway. He swallowed, feeling the etchings beneath his shirt—the same etchings Mona had drawn for protection—grow hot. 

He, they, were under attack. Mona was gazing into the same room. “Let’s take this one first.” 

“Alright.” 

They stepped inside. The room was thick with cobwebs. There was no furniture, except for one tall mirror The glass made Mona especially uneasy. Mirrors were known conduits to the spirit world. 

“Look at that!” Curtis exclaimed.

She cried out and grabbed his arm. There was no reflection in the mirror. And then two images appeared, clearly visible through the dust. Curtis and Mona stood side by side. 

With their backs turned.

Curtis drew his breath in sharply. “Let’s get the hell out of here!” The etchings beneath his shirt shimmered even more brightly with golden light.

They ran from the room. The chamber across from them had fallen into utter darkness. A separate reality or perhaps the truest reality of the house. A small brown girl winked into sight, her mouth opened in a soundless cry, before she was engulfed by the shadows.

“RUN!” 

Grasping one another’s hands they searched for the door. Voices spoke from each room, doubling over each other. Foolish woman ... foolish man. We know you. We know you!

Mona took her fear, swallowed it and screamed, “You cannot hold us! AS BEFORE!” Her words echoed inside the house and hit the walls with a thud.

The door returned. The couple sprinted for it. Outside, Mona and Curtis kept running until they’d cleared the cobblestone path.

——

As soon as Mona’s door shut behind them, they tore into each other, lips pressed together in hot greedy kisses, tongues dancing. Her tophat fell to the floor, as they touched and stroked each other with near desperation ... until Curtis lifted her from the floor, grasping her buttocks, her long legs wrapped about his waist, and carried her to the great soft brass bed.

Their clothes were ripped away ... Mona frantically peeling off her pants, Curtis pulling off his shoes ... his shirt, clawing at the buttons of his trousers ... Mona unlacing her corset ... 

She looked up into his brown-skinned face, clutching his shoulders, her legs wrapped about him. He gazed down into her ebony face, pounding her, her hips lifting up to meet his thrusts ... later with her back to him, Curtis clutched her waist, Mona’s face down in a pillow, calling out his name, until shadows crept across the night-sky. Only after the terror and adrenaline-rush fled did they collapse, sweaty limbs curled in embrace. 

And for a time they slept.

_____

“You wanna get outta the house?” Curtis asked. “Let’s get something to eat.”

Mona smiled lazily. “You sure you can walk?” 

He laughed softly. “If you can.” 

“What time is it?”

“I dunno,” Curtis said, rising from the bed. “We oughta be able to find something open.”

They dressed and strolled out into the warm evening. They passed horse and buggy cabs, and steam-autos, folks chatting near the streetlights, enjoying the warm night. Two blocks down, they stopped at a little resturant, Ma Petite, that sold West Indian and Creole food. They stood under the awning to order: Mona, Legim with crab, Curtis, Poul Ak Nwa, and beer for them both. 

The couple chose a table from among the half dozen copper-lined tables fronting Ma Petite and sat down across from each other. A waiter wearing a white apron brought their food and drinks over.

Curtis spread his napkin on his lap. “I’m gonna head back tomorrow.”  

Speechless Mona stared at him, her appetite gone. Curtis had always found it difficult to cope with the preternatural, with things that so often happened when he was with her. Deep inside, she wasn’t even surprised. 

But it still hurt like hell. 

Curtis read the pain on her face. He reached across the table and took her hand. “I’m not running, cheri.” He smiled wryly. “Tell you the truth, I’m getting used all this supernatural stuff. I might even learn to like it.”

Took you long enough. 

“I need to scare up some cases. I can’t keep living off you and my folks.”

“You barely been here a week.” 

“I need to work. Being a detective, it’s what I do. And I’m good at it.” His eyes probed hers. “I know you understand.” 

“Yeah, I do.” Her pain had fled. She could breathe again. “We still on for this weekend?” 

“Send me a post, and I’ll meet your train. You gonna be alright?” 

Mona squeezed his hand. “I’ll be fine.”

“You’re not,” Curtis hesitated, “you’re not going back into that house again, are you?”

She grinned. “Hell no.” 
Curtis returned her smile. “Bon.” 

A song rose in the air. It came from the next street over, the sound of two men singing a romantic call and response in Creole to the tune of guitar strings. The couple fell silent, listening and enjoying the spicy food. 

_____

Chapter 5: Epiphany

Clearwater was a small, mixed-race town, the residents living side-by-side. Yet there were shops (holdovers from a bygone age) where black and brown residents, gay and lesbian too, knew they weren’t welcome. Where, if shopkeepers took the coins, they did so grudgingly, and with a sour expression. Downtown was a semicircle of haberdasheries with horse-drawn cabs and steam-autos parked here and there. The Constabulary Station was built in the center. 

After Mona drove Curtis to the train station, she headed downtown for the Clearwater Constabulary. She parked her steam-auto on the cobblestones in front of the building, got out, hunkered down and shut the engine off. Mona climbed the steps of the Station and walked through the double doors. On her left, the intake lieutenant, a young white man with freckles, sat at a desk with a typewriter with copper-lined keys, a wooden base, and an oil lamp. Behind him, stood a tall clock. On her right was the Chief detective’s office. The hallway facing her led to the file and the common rooms. In the very back of the station were jail cells and below it, the city morgue. 

She smiled at the intake lieutenant. “Hey, Marvin.”

“How’s it going, Mona?”

“Alright, is Chief Gonzales here?”

“Yeah, go on in.”

Mona worked with the Constabulary, both here and in Monterrey, to solve some of their more unusual cases, cases that, more likely than not, were the result of supernatural phenomena. Or attacks. Both precincts knew her as a shrewd young woman, perhaps a trifle odd, with a nose for sniffing out ghosts, demons, and the like. In short, anything that went bump in the day or night. Things Constables preferred not to talk about. They pretended they didn’t exist. Even if they’d had a brush with the supernatural themselves. 

Mona walked to the office and knocked on the door. 

“Come in ...”

Carlos Gonzales, a Latina man in his early forties with hazel eyes, sat at a wooden desk. He greeted her with a smile. “Hey Mona, Que Pasa?

“Hey Chief, how you doing?”

“Estoy bien, and you?” 

“I got a new case, and I sure could use your help.”

“What can I do for you?”

“I’d like to take a look at Ethel Ketrell’s file, if that’s alright?”

Carlos’ smile vanished. “Elconia Stamps hired you?”

“Yesterday.”

“Sure thing.” 

He rose and Mona followed him out the door and down the hallway to a roomy chamber. Inside, the walls were lined with waist-length bureaus, a ladder led to the shelves of books above them. Three wooden tables with oil lamps and three cushioned chairs centered the room. Two smaller tables with world globes were pushed against the wall, under shaded windows.

Chief Gonzales pulled out the first drawer labeled, Open Investigations, thumbed through it and handed her a sheath of scrolls. “This case is strange,” he said, shaking his head, “extraño. Half a dozen witnesses saw Ethel grab Isis and lift her in midair. Then they just vanished: poof! ‘Course it was at night, and all the witnesses were kids, but well, weird things happen in Clearwater. I guess I don’t have to tell you that. You think you can find her?” 

I saw Isis. I think she might be trapped inside Ethel’s house. But, of course, she couldn’t say this to him. “I’m gonna do my best. I appreciate your help.”

His hazel eyes gazing into her brown ones were sincere, almost helpless. “If anybody can find her, you can.”

Mona blinked back the tears that wanted to fall. I’m getting too close to this case. I’m gonna have to toughen up if I wanna get through this. “Thanks,” she managed, “that means a lot to me.”

“Let me know if you need anything else.”

She sat down at a table and began to read the file on Ethel and her deceased husband, Clark. There was no mention of infidelity or financial problems. But one night, Ethel had attacked him with a butcher knife while he slept. The coroner had recorded a total of twenty stab wounds. It was a horrific crime that spoke of passion and rage. 

Why’d she do it? And why’d the judge give her only five years? Mona saw it then. The detail she’d almost missed. 

He used to beat her. 
____

Chapter 6: Laconia’s Story

Mona stopped off at Small’s Bakery for pastries, a little Downtown shop decorated with a painting of a chef on the window, and an awning with sugarplums, then drove to Bourbon Street. She arrived at her godmother’s, Laconia Fisk’s, house and parked her steam-auto in front of Mrs. Fisk’s cottage, a one-story domicile in a cluster of other little cottages. To the left, and adjacent to the house, stood a garden of melons, tomatoes, collards, peppers and other foliage. Laconia had convinced her neighbors to chip in to buy the one-acre plot. Now the garden supplied the small community with fruits and vegetables. 

She’d also started tutoring her neighbors’ children in reading and math. She refused to accept any payment for her services, making her even more beloved by her community.

“My retirement coins are more than enough to live on,” she’d said, “and I love teaching. So, why should I charge? Life should always be like this, easy, no pressure, just folks helping each other out.”

Mrs. Fisk opened the door. “Hey Mama Fisk,” Mona greeted her.

“Hey sugar, come on in.” 

Mrs. Fisk, a retired schoolteacher in her sixties, had tofu-colored skin, a wide nose and full lips. Her thick salt and pepper black hair was pulled back into a French roll, and she wore a blue dress with petticoats. Laconia was what Southern black folks called “red nappy:” fair-skinned but with Negroid features. 

Laconia had informally adopted Mona when she was seventeen, after both Mona’s parents were killed in an airship crash. She had no preternatural abilities but had a wealth of wisdom about supernatural lore, having grown up in the Black-Belt with Mona’s parents, Bartholomew and Earline.

Mona followed Mrs. Fisk into the kitchen. Light flowed from the two windows, streaming across the pots of fresh herbs Laconia kept there. The dark young woman took four danishes from her cloth bag (she’d eaten two on the way over) and put them on a plate on the countertop. 

“There you go spending coins on that stuff, when you know I cooked,” Laconia scolded affectionately.

“I was hungry.” 

“You always hungry. Help me set the table, and then you can tell me about your new case.”

Mona lifted her brows. “Mama Laconia, I swear you psychic. You keep this up, and I’m gonna have to put you on my payroll.”

Laconia Fisk chuckled. “I don’t have to be psychic to see how you eat when you’re working one of them cases.”

Mona put the platter of fried chicken wings and a sweet potato pie on the table, while the older woman set a plate of biscuits and a tureen of green beans beside these dishes. The iced tea had already been prepared, and Mona filled both their glasses. 

Over their early supper, Mona told Laconia about her case and her trip to Ethel’s house. “Lord, Lord ain’t that something? You don’t scare easy, but I believe I woulda fainted.”

“Mama, I was scared—Curtis too. I know you don’t live on Ethel’s side of town, but I was hoping you might know a thing or two about her. The Constabulary file said her husband used to beat her.”

Laconia’s face hardened. “Oh yes, he beat her. He beat her for breakfast, dinner and supper. That Clark was a mean, low-down rascal.”

“She ever leave him?”

“Humph. Every other week and come right back— she said he threatened to kill her if she left him for good. He had another woman too, somewhere out of town.”

Mona shook her head. “All that and he was cheating on her too? No wonder she stabbed him.”

“Baby, nobody blamed her for killing him,” Laconia replied, anger and sympathy danced across her light-brown face. “I’d killed him too if he was my husband, and I wouldn’t waited years to do it. But what made her wanna move back in that house? That’s probably what drove her crazy.”

“You know his girlfriend’s name?”

Laconia shook her head. “No, baby. One of Ethel’s neighbors might know. I feel so sorry for Elconia and poor little Isis—poor little innocent thing. I sure hope you find her.”

“Yes ma’am, me too.” Mona said quietly.

“So, Curtis went with you?” Mrs. Fisk said with a gentle I-told-you-so tone. “Uh-huh, I told you y’all would work it out.”

The young woman smiled, glad for the change of subject. “And you were right, as usual.” She fetched two more plates from the countertop and cut two slices of pie, one for her godmother and one for herself.

Laconia poured herself another glass of tea. “If Ethel’s neighbors don’t know her name, why don’t you put your ghost friend, Junebug, on it.”

Mona grinned. “Why Mama, I think you’re warming up to Junebug.”

“Well, if he insists on walking around,” Mrs. Fisk said dryly, “instead of staying dead like he ought to, you might as well put him to work.” The women chuckled together, as the shadows lengthened across the sky. 

___

Chapter 7: The Dream Time

By the time Mona got home, dusk had fallen. The tall woman let herself in the house and gathered up her foldaway coffee table and two chairs. She stuck a pint of bandy and two glasses into her over-sized purse, remembering to add a cigar and wooden matches, locked up, and headed for Macon Street. 

Now that Mona knew she and Curtis were still together, she was glad to see him on the train back to Monterrey. She wanted to talk to Junebug, and there was no way she could have left Curtis at home while she went to see another man. 

Even a ghost. 

She reached Macon Street and set up the table and chairs, placing the brandy, glasses and cigar atop the table. On a whim she whispered, “Let them come,” opening her Third Eye to the spirit world. Now she could see the creatures that cloaked themselves from prying human eyes.

Macon Street was a hotbed of paranormal activity, so much had happened over the years. The street had witnessed protests, lynchings—had been burned to the ground to rise again like a Phoenix from the ashes. It was as if Macon Street itself was an eternal spirit that refused to be vanquished. Indeed, more sensitive folk avoided it, preferring alternate routes, for fear they might encounter a ghost.

Mona heard a faint, but insistent thumping of bass, guitar and drums coming from a deserted building across the street. Curious, she crossed the cobblestones to the structure, and pushed the door open. It had probably been locked at one time, but the poltergeists preferred it be open. She gazed around at a stained and dusty room.

Twenty dancers suddenly appeared, a band playing onstage behind them. Vampires blowing trumpets and saxophones stepped forward, with bass and drum players pulling up the rear. Troll, faery and werewolves formed a line, dancers gyrating between them. She had stumbled into one of the Realms, invisible to all but those with the Sight. As Mona watched, a faery with shimmering ebony skin and myriad-shaded wings put her hands on her hips and strutted soulfully down the line. Two trolls with purple eyes danced behind her; the one on the left did a split and smoothly slid up, without missing a beat, to dance in unison with his partner. Two more dancers, most likely vampires by the look of their golden eyes, followed the trolls.

A coconut-colored vampire with slicked-back hair saw her standing there. He smiled widely, exposing his fangs, and winked. Unafraid, Mona smiled into his eyes. She lingered for a few more minutes, enjoying the show, then turned and left the club, crossing the street back to her table. Mona spotted more ghosts—men, women and even a few children content to spend their time hovering between the world of the living and the dead. Eternity, in all of its vastness, lay before them. 

A young man with a saxophone leaned against a streetlight and began to blow, the exquisite melody in synergy with the faint music still coming from the club. Mona had seen him before and thought perhaps he’d died on Macon Street, or roomed nearby when he’d still resided among the living.

Now she spotted Junebug coming up the street, his long legs in rhythm with the darkness, his derby perched jauntily on his head. Junebug was chocolate-colored with thick lips and dark smiling eyes, and he smelled like tobacco and whiskey. He carried a switchblade in his back pocket, and a harmonica in the other.  He was a spirit who could easily be mistaken for a living man. 

If you didn’t look too close. 

Larry “Junebug” Walker had been dead for forty years. He was the most powerful ghost she’d ever meet. 

“Mona, how you doin’ baby?” 

She smiled up at him. “Alright, sit down and have a drink on me.”

“Well, I ain’t gonna say no to that.”

Mona poured them both a drink. Junebug sat down, and stuck the cigar between his thick lips, and she lit it for him. Fire had to come from a living source. He accepted her light and puffed on the cigar. 

The ghost crossed his long legs, picked up the glass and sipped his brandy. “How you and Curtis getting along?” 

She sipped her own drink. “We’re back together.”

“So, I heard.”

Mona blushed and fidgeted. It was virtually impossible for her to hide anything from Junebug. He was a ghost with incredible supernatural powers. Privy, if he chose to be, to her most private thoughts. And right now, he didn’t sound like the friend she’d known for years. He sounded like a former lover quizzing her about the man who’d replaced him.

“I guess I can’t keep nothing from you.”

“Naw, you can’t. But I knew y’all would work it out.”

Mona avoided his probing eyes. “The spell I put on him is changing him, making him more like one of us.” 

“With all the scrapes y’all get into, I reckon that’ll come in real handy.”

There was an awkward silence. Here was the second reason she hadn’t wanted Curtis at this impromptu meeting. During Mona’s last case, she and Junebug had almost made love. She didn’t want to bring Curtis into a situation where he might sense the sexual tension between her and the ghost. 

Mona didn’t know what would have come from her and Junebug’s coupling. Nothing good I imagine. Yet, in her heart of hearts she was disappointed, curious too. 

What was he like in bed? 

So, so good I bet ... Guess I’ll never know. “What about you and Susie Mae? Y’all doing alright?”

Junebug chuckled sheepishly, and some of the tension lifted. “We on the outs.”

Mona quirked her mouth knowingly. “What’d you do?” In life, Junebug had been quite the ladies’ man. And dying hadn’t changed him one bit.
 
“Susie found out I was crossing over to the Blue Realm to see my other woman.”
 
“Oooo Junebug!” Mona exclaimed, like a child snitching on another in grade school. “She must be something special.” And he got the nerve to blush. 

Junebug managed to look both pleased and embarrassed. “Sho’ nuff. Marilyn’s a vampire, her man too. But I stay outta his way.”

“Both of them? Junebug, I don’t like the sound of that.”

“Don’t worry, baby. Dartanian put a protection spell on me.” Dartanian, a troll, was a gangster and sorcerer they’d crossed paths with during Mona’s last case. He’d wound up becoming friends with them both and with Curtis as well. 

“Well, be careful … I got a new case.”

Junebug puffed his cigar. “Uh-huh, I know.”

“I ain’t gonna tell you and Mama Laconia nothing no more. Y’all can tell me.” 

The ghost’s rich laughter filled the night, and Mona laughed with him. Whatever happened, they would always be the dearest of friends. “Everybody’s talking about Isis being snatched—it’s all over the grapevine,” he said, serious now. “I knew her mama would come to you for help.”

“Somebody besides Ethel is in on this, and they ain’t human.” Mona told Junebug about her terrifying experience in Ethel’s house. Junebug eyed her sternly. “You ain’t going back in there, are you?”

“Not a chance.”

The ghost nodded approvingly. “That’s good. You shouldn’t been there to begin with.”

Mona fidgeted again. Junebug rarely scolded her and only when he was afraid for her safety. Now, he sounded like her big brother.

“I was looking for clues.”

“You likedta been a clue—you and your man. A house like that is bound to hold a heap of bad juju … You know, I’m thinking maybe Ethel didn’t take Isis. Maybe something else grabbed her.”

Mona held his gaze. “You mean like a daemon?”

“Or one of them other creatures that keep popping round here.”

“What would it want with a little girl?”

Junebug shrugged and finished off his drink. “I dunno. It was a jest a thought ... I better go look for Susie Mae, see if I can patch things up.” He unfolded his long legs and got to his feet.

“If you hear anything, anything at all—” 

Junebug gazed down at her tenderly. “Baby girl, you ain’t even got to ask. I’ll be in touch.”

He turned and strolled up the street, disappearing into the night.

——

With a tiny smile, Mona unlocked the door to her house. Talking to Junebug always left her in a good mood. 

She made a mental note to hold office hours next week. I got a little put back, but I don’t wanna run through my savings. I’m not gonna ask Mrs. Stamps for any more coins. She probably couldn’t afford the fifty she gave me. Mona dug in her purse and pulled out a match and a bit of quartz. She lit an oil lamp, carried the lamp back to her bedroom and set it down. She undressed, blew out the lamp, and climbed into bed. Minutes later, she’d fallen into a deep sleep ...

… In a breath, she was transported from her bed to a fey city of towering buildings and crumbling debris. A bridge stood in the distance, and behind it a peach and mauve sunset. She was facing a steep hill. Six creatures were loping over it, running on all fours in slow motion ... creatures that were half wolf and half human. 

Mona stood rooted to the pavement, unable to move, gazing at their slow, yet inexorable, exodus toward her ... a wolf with thick black fur, another with burnt sienna hair, a snowy white wolf, a russet colored one, a tan wolf and a sepia brown lycan—

They ran through her, rocking her on her feet in a rush of wind. She turned to watch them leave, and realized she’d felt no ill will from them. Only a fierce purpose—

Suddenly, she was running with them, racing with incredible speed, her limbs doubling under her as she loped down the hill. She looked over her shoulder—

To gaze at herself, standing in the midst of the city—

The dream shifted. It was sunset, and Mona stood watching a young man with light-brown skin and freckles speak to a small group. 

Richard Starks.

Everyone in the crowd, except Richard, was dead … the spirits of men and women murdered by Constables. A brown-skinned young woman with freckles stood beside him: his sister, Simone Starks. 

She spied another woman standing apart from the throng, a young woman with old eyes and cinnamon-colored skin, her hair braided in an upsweep. She was clothed in a ruffled wine-colored dress, she wore a black pearl choker round her neck, and her bejeweled feet were bare. 

“His rage cried out to us,” her voice echoed through the crowd, “and we will answer.” 

_____

Chapter 8: House of Shadows

Mona pulled onto the cobblestones in front of Elconia’s borough. She sat for a moment looking out at the scene, but without really seeing the grass and playing children. She was thinking about the dream.

Was it one of the realms? Definitely not one I ever visited. The second part of the dream was even more disturbing. Why was I standing among the dead? She pushed these thoughts away. The answers would reveal themselves in time. 

I hope.

Mona got out, hunkered down in front of the auto and turned off her engine. She spotted Fiona, bouncing a ball a few feet away from the other children, and walked over to her. 

“Hey Fiona, how you doing?”

Fiona turned her small face up to the detective’s; her eyes were red from crying. “Alright,” she said. She dropped her eyes back down to the ball.

“Hey,” Mona said softly, “I’m gonna find Isis, okay?” You don’t know that. Stop giving them hope. What if she’s already dead?

“Folks say she’s dead,” Fiona mumbled, echoing Mona’s thoughts. “They say Ethel ate her, and it’s my fault. They say if I hadn’t took her to the house,” Fiona went on a low monotone voice, “Ethel wouldna got her.” 

Or maybe Ethel would have stolen her from her bed, or from right in front of her house. “Well, you tell them that you got a real good detective looking for your cousin,” Mona said, anger creeping into her voice. “I know a thing or two about monsters that steal little girls.”

Fiona’s eyes widened. “For real?” 

“For real. It wasn’t your fault. It was Ethel’s. She’s the one who took your cousin.” And whatever creature that helped her. “You tell them that.”

A tiny smile tugged at the corners of Fiona’s mouth. “Yes ma’am.”

“I’m going to get a look at Ethel’s house—”

“No!” the little girl clutched her hand, her face suddenly alit with terror. “You can’t go there! She’ll get you, too!”

Mona gently extracted her hand, and put her arm about Fiona, drawing her close for a quick hug. “Don’t worry, I’ll be right back.”

Mona made her way to the cobblestone path leading to Ethel’s house. She stood gazing at the house. She was missing something—something important. 

But what?

“You scared to go in there, ain’t you?”

Mona looked down to see Fiona standing beside her. Lost in thought, she hadn’t heard her approach. “A little,” Mona admitted. There’s an understatement.

Fiona intertwined her fingers with Mona’s. “I’ll go with you. We can fight Ethel together.”

“You’re very brave, Fiona. But I don’t want you to help me. It could be dangerous. That’s what your Aunt Elconia hired me for. Understand?” 

“Yes, ma’am.”

Mona ... Junebug’s voice spoke in her mind. 

Mona glanced to her left and saw Junebug standing a few feet away under a huge oak tree. Fiona followed her gaze, staring at him with open curiosity.

Wait a minute. Out loud Mona said, “Fiona, you go on home. I’m gonna stop by in a little bit and talk to your Aunt, okay?” 

As soon as Fiona left, Junebug appeared at her side. “What you doing here?” Mona asked.

“I figured you might be here.” Junebug held her gaze with his dark-brown eyes. “Ethel was pregnant before she killed Cecil. I been hanging around since last night, listening to the old folks talk.”
 
“What happened to the baby?”

Junebug’s face hardened. “Cecil beat it out of her.”

“That’s why she wanted Isis.” 

The ghost nodded. “I thoughta’ something else too. Ask Elconia to give you something that belonged to Isis—a doll or a teddy bear. It don’t matter what. I bet it’ll help you find her.” He turned his eyes to Ethel’s house, his face thoughtful. “But don’t go back in that house. Not ‘til you find out what took Isis, and what it takes to kill it. There’s something real bad in there—powerful too. I can feel it.”

Mona followed his gaze. It looked harmless amid the overgrown grass. Just an old house badly in need of repair and a coat of paint. Then the light shifted, and she could almost see a coiled malevolence slithering around it … like a rattlesnake. 

Waiting. Waiting for her. Daring her to come inside. “But what if Isis is still inside?”

“Then you do a spell to get her out.”

A woman appeared in the doorway ... a woman with matted salt and pepper hair and dirty clothes. In the next instant, she was gone. Mona’s eyes widened. “Did you see that?”

“See what?” Junebug rumbled.

Ethel’s challenge was just for her? So be it. She had stolen an innocent child. I’m gonna beat you. You just wait and see. I’m gonna take Isis from you and burn your house to the ground. I don’t care what happened to you. You had no right to take her.

“What’d you see?”

“Nothing.”

Junebug turned his eyes toward her, his face shadowed. “You be careful, Mona. You hear me?”

“I will.”

He lingered for another long moment, searching her face. “Drinks on you later?” he said at length. 

“You got it.” 

He melted away. Mona turned and walked back to the Stamps’ house. As soon as she reached the porch, Fiona ran over to her. 

“Where’s your friend?” the little girl asked.

Mona was momentarily taken aback. “Um, he went home.”

A sly smile played across Fiona’s face. “He’s a ghost, ain’t he?” Speechless, the dark woman gazed down at her. “I can tell,” the little girl went on. “I see them all the time.”

“You—you do?” Mona didn’t know what else to say.

“Uh-huh, Isis too.”

Mona could feel the blood beating at her temples. She had the unsettling feeling of events spilling over into each other, of puzzle pieces finding their way home. 

“Does your Aunt Elconia know?”

“Naw.” Fiona’s small brown face was suddenly wise beyond her years. “I told Isis not to tell her. It would just scare her.”

“That was very smart. Now you go on back and play. I need to talk to your aunt.” Fiona grabbed Mona around her waist in a brief embrace and ran off. 

_____
A cloth doll belonging to Isis lay on Mona’s passenger seat. The mysteries had revealed themselves. Ethel’s pregnancy. Her grief and rage over the loss of her child. Isis, the child seer, who Ethel was drawn to. 

Why Isis? Fiona could just as easily have been her target. She has the sight too. Maybe because Isis is younger, closer to the baby Ethel lost ... Did Ethel make a bargain with daemons so she could take her? 

Yeah, I bet she did. 

Mona unlocked her door and walked back to her bedroom. She packed a suitcase with clothing and protective jewelry, except for her amulet.

I can close this case tonight and be on the morning train. The sorceress bathed and lit a candle in each corner of her bedroom. Nude, Mona picked up her Tama, the Speaking Drum from the corner of her bedroom, and placed the drum between her arm and body, holding the stick in her other hand. She beat the drum, and squeezed the tension cords adjusting the strain on the drum, so that the instrument spoke in duet with her chanting ... As the spell took hold, feathers emerged, her body shifting between human and bird, her spirit merging with the raven.

She picked up the doll, left her bedroom and unlocked the adjoining door to her office. Mona laid the doll on her desk, pulled out the bottom drawer, and lifted out the copper bowl, a vase of amber unguent and a copper spoon. She poured four drops into the bowl; using the spoon, she sprinkled the final three on the doll.

Mona blew softly on the liquid. “Where is Isis?”  

The liquid spun in the bowl. The right side of her office vanished, and a labyrinth appeared. In the next breath, a diaphanous golden cord stretched from the doll into the maze beyond. Mona stood and followed the cord through the darkness … to Ethel’s house. Elconia’s tearful face flashed through her mind, her pain, her tearful words.

And then Junebug’s warning, There’s something real bad in there— powerful too. I can feel it. I wasn’t ready before. This time my totem is protecting me. 

A taunting female voice spoke below her, “Back for more, huh?”

On the floor, sat a woman with matted salt and pepper hair, wearing dirty clothes. She was clutching a little girl. 

“Ethel ...” Mona said softly

Ethel glared up at her. “She’s mine. You can’t have her.” 

Isis whimpered and turned terrified eyes up to Mona. “She’s not your little girl,” Mona swallowed her rage, and made her voice soft and cajoling. “Isis wants to go home. She misses her family. Please, let me take her ... I don’t want to hurt you.”

“Hurt me?” Ethel cackled laughter. “Girl, do you know where you is?” Her voice rose in an inhuman shriek. “Youse in MY house now!” A howling wind swooshed through the house, tearing at their clothes.

Mona spread her arms, threw back her head and wailed in an undulating cry. Ravens flew from her body to blanket Ethel. Mona bent and snatched Isis up.

“Fire!” Mona cried, calling her first ward to her. A wall of fire sprang up. 

Mona turned and raced toward the cord, still holding Isis. Ethel jumped to her feet and spread her arms. The ravens vanished. She walked through the fire to stand before Mona. Her body seemed to melt, her skin growing loose … to collapse in a pile at Mona’s feet. Her grip tightened on Isis, terror making her heart beat a drum. The child cackled in laughter. Mona looked down. 

The thing she was holding had grown horns and turned bone white. The faux Isis grinned up at her with pointed teeth and poked out a maggot-covered tongue. With a cry of disgust and terror, Mona threw the daemon down. It vanished. 

“You have interfered with us for far too long, witch,” the voice echoed throughout the house.

She turned back to the labyrinth. The cord was gone, and a wall appeared, blocking her escape. Mona whirled and raced toward the front door. With her fading strength she pushed her arms forward, threw back her head and screamed a mantra, “OPEN!” The door exploded into splinters and she sprinted out into the night. 

“WATER!” Behind her, a river sprang up, and the daemons halted, growling, and hissing their rage, unable to cross water. 

That’s it. I’m tapped out. I’m— 

The river vanished. And the shadows consumed her.

______

Chapter 9: The Raven

“Mona!”

She knew that voice. 

“Mona!” More insistent this time, accompanied by a pounding at the door. 

I should answer the door. But she couldn’t. She was ... 

A raven. 

Mona lay outside on her own door stoop. A big coconut-shaded man with a square jaw and mustache stood over her holding a duffel bag. His clothing said he was an airship pilot. Googles had been fitted over his black Bromley hat, and he wore a gray-green jacket overlaid with gold-colored thread that buttoned on the top left side and flared out at the bottom. A watch dangled from his pocket. He hadn’t noticed her laying right by his feet. And why would he? Why would he notice a dead bird?

Except she wasn’t dead. 

And the man was—Junebug! She called out to him with her mind. He heard her and jerked his head left and right. Down here!

He looked down and his eyes widened. “Mona—oh naw! Is that you? Is you a bird?”

Junebug knelt and picked her up gently. She lay in his big hands, her wings softly fluttering. His face twisted with emotion; he was on the verge of tears.

The raven, Mona, sat up in his hand, holding his gaze with her black eyes. Please get me outta here—get me outta the city before they find me! You got coins?

He answered her telepathically. Yeah, plenty of ‘em.

There’s a suitcase in the house! Maybe there’s something in there that can help me!

He turned back to the house and a spectral hand emerged from the flesh he was wearing. He reached through the door and unlocked it. It swung open.

In my bedroom.

Still holding her, Junebug hurried back to the bedroom. Clutching Mona in one hand, he grabbed the suitcase with the other.

Thirty minutes later they were the steam-train bound for Monterrey. Junebug had found a shop open late and purchased a birdcage. Now Mona sat inside, dining on peeled boiled eggs.

This rascal I’m wearing, he’s one of them ghost hunters. He begged me to possess him. Said he heard I was a ladies’ man, and he ain’t had no luck with women. He flies them airships—got a pocket full of coins.
 
Mona pecked greedily at her egg. You knocked him out? 

Cold. I’ll wake him up when we finish. 

What you doing with a duffel bag?

I was headed for Monterrey ... Mona, Ethel never moved back in her house. When she got outta the chain gang, she went to live with her sister in Bakersville. She died last year. That’s what I was coming to tell you.

But people saw her!

She never did have many friends, Junebug replied, looking miserable. I guess folks saw—whatever that was moving round her house—and thought it was her. 

The daemons tricked me—they tricked me into going back in.

His face twisted with emotion. Mona, I told you to stay way from that house.

I went to get Isis! But she might be dead too. Junebug, I can’t change back. I’m trapped.

Part II: Exodus

I slip into the skins of my ancestors. These spirits, they 
keep me sane …

_____

Chapter 10: Isis

The night, she’d appeared in his chamber Henry Burr was at first too shocked to do anything but watch her scream. When he recovered his senses, he rushed over and hunkered down. “Stop screaming! What’s your name?”

Isis burst into tears, and Burr scooped her up in his arms. “I’m not going to hurt you,” he soothed. “What’s your name?”

“Isis …”

“Isis, how did you get here?”

“I dunno … I was with Fiona … then Ethel grabbed me ...!” she dissolved into gulping sobs again. 

Burr started to ask her who Ethel was, and realized it would be useless. Somehow, the spell he’d cast had transported her here. 

She’s supposed to be here! But why?

“I wanna go home!” Isis wailed.

“I’ll take you home,” Burr stammered, his mind racing. “Just stop crying.” 

If the entities that created the door brought Isis here, and given him ... whatever they’d given him, there was a reason. That meant she couldn’t leave. Not yet. Guilt stabbed him to his core. But he told himself that if he took her back, it could be dangerous for them both.
 
He put her in his steam-auto and drove her to Joe McIntyre’s mansion. His home was near the inner city. If someone saw her, there would be questions.

“This is Mr. McIntyre’s house. You’re going to stay here for a while. Then I’ll take you home.” Isis stared silently up at him, her eyes accusing, her thumb in her mouth. 

Sitting in McIntyre’s oil-lit living room, he introduced her to DA Joe McIntyre. McIntyre gazed down at Isis, his green eyes gleaming. “I can tell she’s a very special little girl,” he drawled in his heavy Southern accent. “Isis, would you like some ice cream?” She glared up at him silently. “William …! Where is he? Oh, never mind. Hank!” A hard-faced bodyguard appeared in the living room archway. “This is Isis. Give her some ice cream and put her in the bedroom next door to mine—and find William.”

Once they’d left, he turned to Burr. “Where did she come from?”

Burr narrated the events that had led up to Isis’ appearance. “Wonderful!” McIntyre’s green eyes were all but dancing with delight. “She’s a sorceress! I felt this immediately. Her power, no doubt, helped create the door. “She was sent to us—” 

“To me,” Burr said coldly. “She was sent to me.”

“She was sent to you, so we could use her. Her power will ensure the success of our plans.” 

At this Henry Burr shifted in his chair. Maybe I shouldn’t leave her here? 

“I’ll be able to channel her power through my own,” McIntyre went on, “once I break her.” 

Burr frowned. “Break her? She’s just a little girl, non? 

“She is a darkie and a witch.”

Henry’s eyes narrowed to slits. “You will not harm her—dis you promise me—or I take her back.”

The D.A, smiled, his green eyes glittering dangerously. “You can try.”

Henry heard a low rumbling growl. Moments later, he realized it was coming from his own throat. His hands were tingling. He looked down ...Black talons were pushing through the tips of his fingers.

McIntyre’s eyes widened. “Oh my! So, I see!” He clapped his hands together like a delighted child. “Alright, I won’t harm her. You have my word. Later, we’ll talk more about your newfound talents.”

——

Henry Burr stood before the doorway, as he’d done more than half a dozen times since it appeared. Could he go through? Of course he could. And he must. The entities wouldn’t have created the door if they didn’t intend for him to use it. But he was terrified. What if he couldn’t get back? 

Yet he was excited too. What was on the other side? He had to know. Henry Burr took a deep breath and stepped through the doorway. 

Into another world.

Henry gazed up at the black and gray buildings towering over him. Under streetlamps, vehicles rode past him, belching fumes from their tailpipes. To his right, an entire block had been flattened into debris, and the air had a foul stench. In the distance, a bridge stretched from one end of the city to the other.  Topaz ... oui dat’s where I am 

Although he had left Monterrey in the morning, dusk had fallen here. Above him, twin moons nestled side-by-side in the night sky. Does time stop here?

Folks of myriad races stood in groups along the streets. Racial relations in Topaz appeared to be as relaxed as in North America. Just ahead, he saw five citizens, openly staring at him. Henry realized that his clothes—a cap, stove-pipe pants with suspenders and string tie— were very different from theirs. 

The men and women wore trousers flared at the bottom and shirts; some of the other women wore short dresses made of clinging material. His eyes were drawn to one slender, light-brown woman. Glasses framed her face, and she had thick lips, and shoulder-length black hair. 

Watching them in the twilight, a memory from long ago suffused his mind. He was playing with the black and Latina children who lived at the edge of his borough. His father, Frederick, had stumbled upon him and run the children off. Later, he gave Henry the worst beating of his life with his mother, Sarah, looking on. We don’ mix with dem! We white! 

Henry never played with the children again. He threw rocks at them whenever they came near. But in private he grieved for the loss of his friends, sobbing into the crook of his arm, careful not to let his parents hear.

Suddenly another painful memory surfaced, this one of an elderly black man who turned pages to create moving images on street corners for coins. In his mind’s eye, he saw the man’s wrinkled brown skin, his kind eyes, his smile. His father had beaten the man to death in an alleyway. The man had been disrespectful to him, so Frederick said. Yet perhaps Frederick had murdered the old man because he was black. Or maybe just because he enjoyed hurting people. Henry had liked the old man, who’d given candy to the children. 

He’d cried when his father murdered him. And Frederick had beaten Henry for his compassion. “Dey 
“Dey deserve to die!” he’d said. “Darkies, spics — all of ‘em! Dey deserve to die—!”

Where is dis coming from? What had this world unearthed?

A buzzing sound exploded above him … growing steadily louder. Henry looked up. Dark gray oval-shaped crafts were hovering in the night sky. Everyone screamed and scattered, Henry ran behind them, snatching quick glances up at night sky. They headed for an abandoned building. In the next moment, pellets from their underbelly dropped to the ground—exploding on impact.

The ground shook, throwing the little group into one another. There was another explosion, and the ground shook again and again. It seemed to go on forever. Finally, it stopped.

Henry struggled to his feet. Dis place is dangerous, non? 

The young woman he’d seen earlier was right next to him, straightening her dress. Henry gazed at her longingly. Dare he speak to her? What would his voice sound like in this strange world? 

“Are you alright?” he said. 
 
“Yeah, but I sure could use a drink.”

“I could use one myself, cher.”

She surprised him by smiling. “Come on, I know a nightspot that’s open after curfew.” 

Nightspot? Curfew? He returned her smile. “I’m Henry.”

“Tonia.” 

He followed her to a building at the end of the block. Inside, folks sat side by side at a bar. Others stood talking or crammed together at the small tables. In the back of the nightspot, four musicians were tuning instruments.

Henry and Tonia found a spot at the bar. “Order what you want cher and order the same for me s’il vous plait— er please.” He didn’t trust himself to even order liquor in this strange world.
 
Tonia held up a hand and waved the bartender, a muscular white man, over. “Two whiskeys, please.” The bartender nodded and stood waiting. Tonia looked at Henry expectantly. 

Henry dug in his pocket ... and found his gold coins had been transformed into paper bills. Trying not to look shocked, he pulled them from his pocket, fumbling with the unfamiliar currency. Tonia reached over and plucked a bill from his hands. She handed it to the bartender, looked back at him, and smiled.

Henry returned her smile. “Merci bien, cher.”

“I guess that means thank you.”

He chuckled. “Oui, I mean, yes.”

Tonia laughed right along with him. “I love your accent—you got to be from another province. Sorre, I bet?”

“Um, that’s right. Say, what was all dat earlier. Dem airships and such?”

“Aren’t the world wars going on in Sorre?” Henry shook his head. “Well, it happens every week. The Council says they’re gonna put a stop to it.”

The band began to play, and they chatted for another hour, Henry asking as many questions as he dared, though they had to shout over the music. Then Tonia stood and said she had to go.

Henry followed her outside. “So soon? Let me walk you home.” 

“I’m going to work.”

“At dis hour?” Henry’s heart sank. She’s selling herself.

“I work for Topaz Hospice.”

Hospice. Now here was word he recognized! Henry brightened. “You’re a doctor?”

“A nurse; well sort of. They’re short on healers, so they’re training me.” 

Don’t let her get away! “I— can I see you again?”

After the briefest hesitation Tonia said, “Alright, I live on Mulberry Ave. You know where that is?” Henry shook his head. “That’s alright. Meet me here tomorrow evening. Say about eight’o clock?”

“Oui, yes ...” Henry said. His mind was racing. How would he know when eight pm was this world? He stared down at her. He would wait all night if he had to. “We’ll have dinner.”

“I’d like that.” Tonia smiled her beautiful smile once more. “See you tomorrow, then.” She turned to go. Henry watched her walk away until she vanished from sight.

A fierce cramp made him double over. He moaned —then growled. Hair was crawling along the length of his body. He could feel it pushing through his pores. In minutes, a beast—a growling wolf— stood where a man had stood, his clothes hanging in tatters from his body. People screamed and scattered. Henry dropped to all fours; loping through Topaz’s streets back to the doorway, he leapt inside and his transformation reversed, from wolf to man. 

In minutes, a beast—a growling wolf— stood where a man had stood, his clothes hanging in tatters from his body. People screamed and scattered. Henry dropped to all fours,

A booming voice spoke inside his head. “Fool! Do you think we opened this door so that you could consort with females? DO YOU?” These last words were so loud that Henry fell to the floor, clapping his hands over his ears, and curled into a fetal ball on the floor.

“You belong to us now. Do as we command, or you will spend the rest of your life as a beast. DO YOU UNDERSTAND?”

“Yes, yes!” Henry sobbed.

“This is what you must do ...”

_____

Chapter 11: The Gift
Monterrey’s only train station, transversed the middle of the city. Stretching outward over cobblestone streets was a city of wooden buildings with decorative turrets and more functional chimneys, many edifices built so that they shared a wall with their neighbors. 

Steam-autos and horse-drawn buggies provided transportation. On the Eastern side of Monterrey, the construction of a bridge was underway. When it was finished, it would connect the West and East boroughs. On the edge of Downtown, a clock tower had been recently erected. At night, gas streetlamps kept the city lit. Outside of the metropolis, houses were spread out, trees lined the streets, and at the furthest edge of Monterrey were the airship landings. 

Junebug stepped down onto the platform, holding Mona’s suitcase and his duffle bag in one hand, and the birdcage in the other. Inside the cage, Mona’s raven eyes were alert and watchful. Just ahead, a Latina woman with shoulder-length hair stood, flanked by two men, one Indigenous and the other black. A small crowd had gathered around her. Behind her, two young white men held painted signs with, “NO JUSTICE! NO PEACE!” painted across them.

“North America is peaceful!” she said. “It has been since The Grand Experiment! But the murders of unarmed citizens threaten this peace! This violence is spreading like a disease across our nation! Join us to save Monterrey! To save North America!”

“Them folks that was killed had it coming!” a heckler shouted. “If you obey the law, you got nothing to fear!”

“Constables are not judge and jury—!” She broke off, staring upward. The sky had grown dark with hundreds of ravens. 

The birds soared down in a maelstrom around Junebug and Mona. People scrambled to take cover. They streamed across the sky, carrying the two with them, into a cluster of apartments—scattering folks. A door to one building opened and they flew inside. The ravens left Junebug and Mona and flew out the door—back to the skies above.

Mona’s cage shook violently in Junebug’s hand, and the door popped open. She fluttered down the hallway. And her metamorphosis, from raven to woman, began. Black feathers fell from her nude body to the floor.

“Turn away!” she cried.

Junebug turned his back and dropped the bags. He hunkered down and pushed Mona’s suitcase behind him. He heard it click open and her rifle through it.

“You can turn around now.” 

Junebug spun about, smiling widely.

“What you grinning at?” Mona said peevishly.

The ghost ran over and lifted her from the floor in a tight embrace. “‘Cause I’m so glad to see you!” 

Junebug set her on her feet. He stared down at her with a mixture of relief and gratitude on his face. They held onto each other’s forearms. 

“Girl, you scared the hell out of me! Don’t you never do nothing like that again! You hear me? How’d you turn back?”

“I didn’t do it.”

“Then how?” 

A pinpoint light appeared above them. Myriad-colored lights streamed from it, flooding the hallway. Junebug froze, staring blankly. A woman stepped out of the prism, growing larger with each step. She had cinnamon-colored skin, and her hair was braided into an upsweep. She was clothed in a sleeveless, ruffled wine-colored dress. She wore a choker centered with a black pearl, and her bejeweled feet were bare. On both hands, she wore rings that were intertwined with bracelets. The stones of the rings were tiny clocks. 

Her voluptuous form and smooth skin were those of a young woman, but her eyes ... her eyes held an ancient wisdom. 

“It’s you!” Mona cried. “I dreamed of you!”

The woman extended her hand, drawing Mona closer and, at the same time, encasing Junebug in an oval of light. The walls spun, and a vortex of wind swallowed them. Moments later, the vortex dissipated. Mona looked around. The woman was nowhere to be seen. But she’d been transported to city of towering buildings, alongside crumbling debris. In the distance, a bridge stretched across the city.

I dreamed about this city too!

Then she saw it. A yard away, a thick cherrywood door was centered in what should have been a building. 

Except there was no building. 

The door stood erect, attached to nothing. 

Buildings stood on both sides of the door and three feet behind it. Beyond the doorway, Mona glimpsed a dark room. Mona blinked, wondering if she was seeing some type of illusion, conjured perhaps by a daemon. She walked slowly to the door, peering inside ... she could see a chair and a half-circle drawn beneath it on the floor. Against the left wall on the floor was thick, closed book, but she couldn’t see the cover. Mona walked around the door. The back of it was just as ordinary as the front. She walked back around, staring inside for a moment longer. 

Fuck it. 

Mona stepped inside. In a breath, she was on the street again facing the door. What the—?

“The same thing happened to me.”

Mona whirled about to find the strange woman who’d transported her here. “Who are you? What is this place?”

“I am Opal, one of your Guardians. I knew you wouldn’t believe me if I just told about the door. That’s why I brought you here. You’re in Topaz, on the planet Tundra. Beyond that doorway is your Earth city of Monterrey.”

Mona said nothing. Instead, she read the woman, searching for evil intentions. But found none. She relaxed; there was no need to fear Opal, no need for defensive sorcery. It would be useless against her anyway. She’d sensed this too. Supernatural power was coming off of Opal in waves. 

“I dreamed about this place and Others ... werewolves.” An epiphany blossomed in Mona’s mind. “You changed me back!”

Opal smiled, her old-young eyes gazed into Mona’s brown ones. “Yes.” 

“You did all of this—the ravens, bringing me here?” She was beginning to like this woman. This entity, Mona corrected herself. No way a human could do what she did. But she reminds me of Mama Laconia. Her vibe is like Mama’s, loving and protective.

In a sudden panic she remembered Junebug. I left him in the hallway! “Where’s Junebug?” 

“He’s sleeping. Don’t worry, no one will harm him; I’ve seen to that. He’ll be waiting for you when you return.” 

Mona turned and stared at door, and Opal walked over to stand beside her. They stood together, gazing at the door. “It can’t be much different from the Realms in my world. Except no Realm I visited ever kicked me out.” 

“The Realms are naturally occurring forces of nature,” said Opal. “This door is not. What you’re looking at is the result of a powerful spell. I don’t know who cast it; that is hidden from me. But I have dreamed of battles and of the child Isis.” 

“Is she still alive?” Mona said eagerly.

“Yes, Isis is a seer and a powerful sorceress. But she is young and has not yet learned how to channel her power.”

“A sorceress ...” Again, Mona had the queer feeling of events doubling over, of things she’d missed revealed. “They took Isis to use her, didn’t they? They might have even tapped into her powers to create this door. And whatever they did is, it’s linking both our worlds.”

Opal nodded approvingly. “Soon whatever impacts your world will impact Tundra as well. This cannot be left unchecked.”“Where is it— in my world? And where is Isis? Maybe, she’s in that room.” The dark woman’s head throbbed with excitement. “I bet she is.”

Opal’s eyes were impassioned. “The location of the doorway, and the one who fashioned it, is cloaked. I only saw it because it appeared in Topaz. He, or she, is holding Isis somewhere. She may very well be inside this room. But if she is, I can’t see it. We will have to unravel these mysteries to find her and to close the door.” 

Mona turned her head to look at Opal. “And that’s why you’re here.”

“Your world cried out to me—to us—before this door appeared. North America is in pain. Your Earth is in pain, and this door is not the cause. It is a symptom. Together we will begin the healing.” 

“Your lover, Curtis, will help you, and the ghost, Junebug, and Richard. I will be near, as will the other Guardians.” 

“What about the werewolves? I wanna meet them.”

Opal smiled and lifted her hand to Mona’s cheek. “And so you shall. One day.” She stepped back ... and the vortex engulfed Mona once more. 

Moments later, she heard the noise of a building ... laughter ... conversation. She was back in the hallway. 

“Mona?” Junebug stood before her. “I fell asleep.” He looked confused. “I don’ know how.”

She hurriedly told him what had happened. “We need to find Curtis—” 

Junebug shook his head. “You don’t need me,” he said, cutting her off. “You can handle this.”

“What—? Of course I need you!”

The ghost reached in his pocket and pulled out a velvet bag. “Here,” he poured out half the coins in her 
hand, and shoved the bag back in his pocket. 

“What’s wrong with you?!”

He turned his back on her and ran for the door, disappearing before he reached it.

_____

Chapter 12: The Vision
Curtis dressed in a derby, high-collar shirt, vest and stove-leg trousers. He belted his musket around his waist. In the pocket of his vest, he added a scroll and quill pin for taking notes; a tube of ink was nestled inside his other pocket.

For what felt like the hundredth time, the detective wondered if leaving the Constabulary was the right decision. After years of being a Constable, the job had become a comfortable routine, like a lover or old friend. But he figured he would give his PI career a chance to blossom. He could join the resistance and fight for change on the outside. He wasn’t entangled in the Brotherhood code—the vicious unwritten rule that no officer could rat another officer out, no matter what he did. As a black man, Constable or not, he couldn’t just shrug and look the other way while his people were being murdered. But he did miss the steady coins. This is what a man got to deal with he tries to live right. 

For months, he’d been working off and on for restaurant and factory owners looking for dirt on their competitors. They were often dishonest and cheap, barely worth the cost of his full-page ad in the Monterrey Press. His old boss, Chief Maxwell, threw him a few cases now and then, follow-ups on homicides and robberies, but nothing steady. 

But yesterday, a family practitioner, Dr. Mark Dearborn had hired him to tail his wife. Dearborn suspected his wife was cheating on him. If I do a good job, maybe he’ll spread the word. Hell, he can’t be the only cat in Monterrey with a cheating wife and fat pockets. I can rent my own place again. 

Curtis pulled out his pocket watch and peered down at it. I gotta meet him in thirty minutes. I better get going ... Mona was supposed to send me a post. I wonder what happened? 

He pushed his anxiety away and stepped out the door. Mona could take care of herself. She was so self-sufficient, so strong, that it had been a sore spot between them for years. She was a sorceress and empowered by her preternatural gifts. Although Curtis hated to admit it, the tension in their relationship had only begun to ebb when he became a meta-human himself. Even so, his power would never match hers. 

He was honest enough to admit too, that he’d always felt threatened by Mona. She made me feel like less than a man. 

Curtis knew now that his parents’ marriage had played a part in this. His father was thoroughly henpecked. Or so it would seem. Yet Curtis had started to realize that maybe he wasn’t seeing the whole picture of their union, with all of its nuances and subtleties. There were different kinds of strengths. Some loud, some silent. His parents had lived through the worst the nation could dish out. 

Somehow they’d managed to keep their marriage afloat, and keep their dignity. His father had a quiet strength, often preferring to let his mother make decisions. But she never made a move without him, and he was always there to hold her up. They saw things, survived things worst than me. Pop kept his head up and his back straight. If that ain’t strong, I don’t know what is. 

He was miserable without Mona. He’d accepted this too, accepted what she was. He realized he was powerful in his own right, even if his power was different from hers. 

Mona needed him. She languished without him. I need her too. And I don’t need her to be weak for me to be strong. 

Yet Mona was not invulnerable. Like any other human she could bleed. And she could die. Whatever was in Ethel’s house had scared the shit out of them both. But fear wouldn’t stop Mona from going back if there was something she wanted. No matter what she told him.

She’s so damn stubborn. I sure hope she’s alright. As Curtis moved down the stone path, an airship moved through the sky casting its shadow over the cobblestones. The ship was cylinder-shaped and overlaid with a filigreed. A propeller at the stern had a crank that had to be turned by human hands. Carved flaps on the port and starboard sides enhanced their buoyancy, as did the steam-filled cigar-shaped balloon above it. 

Curtis paused on the tree-lined street, staring upward as it passed, his brown eyes introspective. Airships had always fascinated him, like huge gorgeous birds they were ... floating above in the clouds, defying gravity. 

All at once he felt it, a sloughing of the air. He was moving in slow motion ... Men and women smudged into view, their bodies misty and translucent ... 

That’s Eddie Plumb … Larry Barton … and Simone Starks ... These are the spirits of murdered men and women!

Curtis watched them, not sure what he should do. But he felt no ill will, no evil, emanating from them. They turned their dark eyes to him, hands outstretched, asking him ... 

For what? What do they want from me? 

A tree appeared, eclipsing all others, the branches spread out like an umbrella. The ghosts gathered around it. A woman appeared, standing beneath the tree. Unlike the other entities she was solid, with cinnamon-colored skin, her hair braided into an upsweep. She was clothed in a sleeveless wine-colored dress that strained at her ample bosom and hips, and she wore rings on both hands that were connected by loops to bracelets that ran along the length of her arm. Then all vanished. 

And the spell was broken. 

____

Chapter 13: The Sojourner
Junebug made his way down the street, with no destination in mind. He passed steam-autos, buildings, people on the street, barely seeing any of it. 

The ghost had not felt such a turmoil of emotions … Since before I was human. Junebug looked up. He was standing beneath a carved sign that said, The Sojourner Restaurant and Pub. He’d wandered into Mid-Monterrey, a bustling business district downtown. 

He felt a sudden urge to go inside. It’s early, but I sho’ could use a drink to settle my mind. 

Junebug pushed the heavy door open and strolled inside, passing the check-in counter and staircase. Straight ahead was a bar and restaurant. He walked over to the bar and ordered a brandy. 

The ghost woke his human host, Reynaldo. Why you let me sleep so long? Reynaldo complained. What’d I miss? 

You ain’t miss nothing, Junebug replied tersely. He sat down at one of the tables and pulled a cigar from his breast pocket. Keep quiet now. 

A woman walked into the pub. She had dark brown skin and hair that curled about her shoulders under a mini-top hat. Junebug followed her with his eyes ... her upturned nose, full lips, smooth flawless skin. He ran his eyes over her curves. She was voluptuously built to the point of plumpness and wore a blouse with latticed sleeves, a black corset, and form-fitting black trousers and boots that accentuated her small waist, full breasts, and wide hips. 

In the next moment, her thoughts came to him. She was just a month shy of thirty-seven, and fearful of getting older. She was unhappily married, too. She’d come to this pub to meet her lover. She felt his gaze and glanced over at Reynaldo/Junebug, a smile playing about her lips before sitting down at the bar.

Man, she is fine! Reynaldo panted. You gonna make your move?

She waitin’ on somebody.

——

Mona left the borough and caught a horse and buggy cab to Downtown Monterrey, unsure of where she should go next. Her head was spinning from all Opal had told her. 

Isis is alive. And she’s somewhere in Monterrey. So is that door. 

A sign caught her eye. “Here!” she said, knocking on the panel behind the driver’s head, “Stop here.”

The driver steered the horse to the curb, and Mona jumped down and paid her. I’m hungry. I can eat here and send Curtis a post. I can send Ms. Stamps one too and tell her the search for Isis led me to Monterrey. 

Mona pushed door open and walked in The Sojourner Restaurant and Pub.

_____
Thirty minutes later, the woman’s date still hadn’t arrived. Junebug waved the waitress over. “Send the lady whatever she’s drinking.” 

The waitress placed a whiskey sour in front of the mystery woman. “It’s from him,” she said, pointing to Junebug. 

The woman picked up her drink, sauntered over and stood before his table. “Thank you,” she said, her cheeks dimpling. She sat down across from him.

Junebug returned her smile. “A woman as fine as you ain’t got no business drinking alone.” 

She pouted. “I got stood up.”

“That’s his loss. What’s your name?”

She fixed her midnight eyes on him. “Julia, what’s yours?”

“Larry but call me Junebug.”

They started to chat, with her doing most of the talking. Within a few minutes she was complaining about her husband. Mark was a doctor. He was never at home. He was only a few years older than her, but he acted like he was a hundred. She had needs ... The woman was starved for attention, for pleasure. And he was in the right mood to give her both.

Junebug ran his eyes over her glistening thick lips, her breasts full to bursting in her corseted blouse. He looked over at the bar. Rooms Available was cut into the wood over the mirror and in the vestibule beyond the restaurant, a staircase. Reynaldo read his train of thought and panted in anticipation.

“I been flying all night,” Junebug lied smoothly, “and I’m beat. I’m gonna get a room. Wanna come upstairs with me share a drink?”

Julia smiled into his eyes. She’d been waiting for just this invitation. “I’d love to.”

He purchased a bottle of whiskey, rented a room, and she followed him upstairs. Junebug unlocked the door to room 214, a small suite with a wide bed and brass headboard. Beyond curtained French doors that centered the room was a small balcony. He put the bottle and keys on the end table beside the bed. He shrugged out of his hat and jacket, and Julia tossed her hat away. Junebug pulled her to him, his fingers in her dark curls, kissing her slowly, while he ran his other hand over the curves he’d been eyeing for the last half-hour. 

He steered her toward the bed. Julia unlaced her corset, and he unbuttoned her blouse and dropped his mouth to her dark nipples, her moans in sweet refrain to his lips and tongue. She dropped to her knees, unbuttoned his trousers and took him into her mouth. What kind of man leave a woman like this at home? His host Reynaldo blubbered in agreement.

He pulled her up and lifted her to the edge of the bed. Junebug pulled off her boots, while she clawed at the buttons of her pants, and Junebug helped her slip them off. Now she only wore her corset, which hung loose, and her open blouse. Junebug opened his shirt and knelt before her, suckled her breasts again and ran his tongue down to her valley. Junebug pushed his pants down to his knees, moving into the V of her open thighs. Still on his knees he entered her, sucking one breast than the other, her arms about his neck ... They came together with her legs wrapped about his waist and him thrusting hard inside her.

____

Chapter 14: Stakeout
They made love all day and then had an early dinner in his room. Junebug walked Julia outside and hailed a horse and buggy cab. “What you gonna tell your man when you get home?”

“He’s probably still at the office.” Julia scoffed, tossing her head. “If he’s home, I’ll just say I had dinner with some friends.”

Junebug considered lying. On a whim he told her the truth— as much of it as he dared. “I’m from outta town, but I’ll be here for a few more days if you can steal away.” 

“Alright lover, I’ll be back tomorrow around noon.”  Junebug’s full lips turned up in a smile. “I’ll be waitin’ baby.”

Julia kissed him and stroked his face with her fingertips, then climbed into the cab.

——

Curtis parked across the street from The Sojourner Restaurant and Pub, put his steam-auto in park, got out and turned the crank backwards. Dearborn had given him a handwritten list of wife’s spots. At top of the list was an inn, The Sojourner. She met men there, or so said the grapevine. The Black-Belt in any city was always ripe with rumors, and The Sojourner, according to Dr. Dearborn, was one of Julia’s regular haunts. As Curtis was climbing back in his auto, he saw a woman fitting Julia Dearborn’s description walk out of The Sojourner, followed by a tall fair-skinned man wearing an airship pilot’s uniform. He pulled out a cigarette, struck a match on the dashboard, smoked, and watched them.

——

Junebug headed back inside. Just before his hand touched the door, he stopped. Somebody’s watching me.

The ghost turned, his eyes settling on a steam-auto across the street. He looked into the eyes of the man sitting in the driver’s seat.
 
_______

The pilot shifted his eyes to look directly at Curtis. Their eyes locked, and Curtis could swear he saw recognition on the man’s face. Then he turned and walked back inside The Sojourner. Curtis pulled his scroll and quill out. He wrote down the time, date, what the woman was wearing, and a description of the man she was with.

______

Junebug unlocked the door to his room and stepped inside. He’d put his human host to sleep so he could think without Reynaldo babbling about how good Julia was, and how he couldn’t wait to see her again. What the hell is Curtis doing here? Wait a minute—he’s a PI and Julia’s married! I bet he was tailing her!

Junebug opened the double doors to his balcony and stepped outside to think. If Julia’s man knew she was cheating, she’d have to deal with him. 

I ain’t ‘bout to get between a man and his wife ... Unless he puts his hands on her. 

He knew he’d been invited to join Mona’s quest. He’d plucked this from her mind. But he didn’t like Mona’s becoming a bird. She’d never done anything like that before. He liked being put to sleep even less. And the nothingness he’d felt … It was like being dead. Dead for real. Like being erased. 

Junebug remembered his life as a young man. He was one of twelve children. His parents had both been farmers down South. Neither one had put up a struggle when he decided to leave home at sixteen. They loved him, but times were hard, and poverty made men and women grow up fast. He knew how to gamble, how to pick cotton and had a way with the ladies, even at his young age. So, Larry “Junebug” Walker had struck out on his own.

It sho’ was hard on black folks back then.

He’d made his living working odd jobs, made more with his cards and dice. He was a ladies’ man, a fighter and quick to draw his switchblade. He’d seen things, terrible things, and he’d done his share of dirt too. He’d killed a white man in Quincy—cut his throat over a woman—and had to get out of town fast. Running from a lynch mob, Junebug had found his way to Monterrey.

Suddenly, he wasn’t afraid anymore. 

He’d lived through segregation, through the worst white folks could do—and kept on fighting, even after his heart had ceased to beat, his lungs ceased to draw air. I ain’t never walked away from Mona when she was in need. I ain’t ‘bout to start now
___

Chapter 15: The Hunt 
What was that all about? Does she know she’s being tailed? Curtis gave the stranger time to get back to his room before venturing into The Sojourner.

After fifteen minutes, Curtis got out of his steam-auto, crossed the street and went inside. He kept an eye out for the stranger as he made his way to the desk clerk. A balding middle-aged white man stood behind a mahogany and brass counter, wearing a striped shirt with sleeve-holders and a vest. Behind him was a wall of keys.

“Good afternoon,” Curtis greeted him, “My name is Curtis Dubois,” he handed the clerk a hand-cut card. “I’m a Private Investigator. I wonder if I could take a look at your guestbook?”

The innkeeper eyed Curtis with suspicious watery blue eyes. “I keep my nose clean. I never had any problems with the 

“There’re no legal problems involved. I just wanna get a look at the guests that checked in today.” Curtis reached inside his breast pocket, pulled out two coins, and slid them across the counter.  

The innkeeper flashed a lecherous smile, picked the coins up and pocketed them. “A case of cheating, huh. You following a woman or a man?” 

Curtis smiled dryly. “I’m sorry, but that’s confidential.”

The innkeeper’s smile vanished. “Yeah, well just keep my name out of it.”

“Wi, no problem.”

The inn-keep pulled a heavy book from under the counter, slapped it on the counter and flipped through the pages to the current date. He spread the book out. “This is today’s registry.”

Curtis bent over the pages. He didn’t see Julia’s name, but that meant the man had probably registered under his own name. He’d have to be more creative if he wanted to pin Julia down. He pushed the book back to the innkeeper. “Thanks for your help.” 

As Curtis turned to leave, his name resonated with the inn-keep. Curtis Dubois. That woman left a post for him. He shrugged. No big deal. He’ll get it tomorrow.  

——

Curtis took a beer from his parents’ coldbox, went outside and sat on the porch. The night was balmy, with cool breezes, and the streetlights were on creating a relaxing ambiance. He had coins in his pocket from a well-to-do client, although Dr. Dearborn wouldn’t be too happy to hear his latest report. Curtis sipped his beer and pushed his anxiety away, basking in his good fortune.

——

Mona stepped out onto the balcony. She felt better since she’d eaten, and she was excited too. A new journey was upon her, a new task given to her by the strange entity, Opal. One unlike anything she’d ever encountered. But Junebug, her dearest friend, had walked out on her. He’s never turned his back on me. Her next thought felt like a gut punch, painful and frightening. Maybe he’s tired of helping me. Maybe my turning into a bird was too much for him. But I don’t wanna do without him. I lost Mama and Daddy. I don’t wanna lose him too. Besides Mama Laconia and Curtis, he’s the only family I got left. 

Yet Curtis disappeared so often. It felt strange to admit that though she loved Curtis, she trusted Junebug to always be there when she needed him. What if he’s gone for good?

_____

Junebug stood on the balcony, letting the breezes caress his face. He didn’t know where his preternatural gifts had come from and had never tried to find out. Perhaps, he’d been gifted with them so that he could help Mona, the passionate strange young woman the Creator had placed in his path years ago. And it wasn’t just about her. The cases she took on impacted their world and the men and women who surrounded them. She cared about them, and so did he. They were her burden and his, so long as he continued his strange existence, hovering between life and death. 

Junebug shut his eyes, awakening his telepathic spirit. Mona was here—in this very inn! He felt ashamed over the way he’d treated her. He’d find her tomorrow and make amends— tell her he would help her, as he always had. There were names that he’d plucked from her mind. Opal … She ain’t human. She’s a Guardian ... 

Junebug stood for another long moment. Listening. He sent his spirit further, stretching it as far as it would go, searching until he found the one he sought.

Richard Starks.

_____

Chapter 16: Figure and Ground
Curtis’ mother, a plump dark-brown woman, handed him the morning post. “It came for you this morning.”

“Mèsi mama.” He tore it open and read through it quickly. Relief flooded his body. Mona was in Monterrey and staying at The Sojourner. She was probably there last night! 

“Are you going to the demonstration?” Madeline’s voice broke through his thoughts. “Your father and I were thinking of going.”

Curtis lifted his eyes from the letter. “Mama, you and Papa need to stay away. It’s not safe.”

“You think we too old?” Madeline’s face tightened in anger. “That we don’t have a stake in what’s happening to our city, our nation? Mwen fin mennen batay ou pa ka imajine— things that happened before you were born.”

“Manman, people are dying—Constables are killing them. I don’t know what might happen. Please manman, don’t go. Please ...” 

Her face softened. Manman was the word Curtis always used to tug at her heartstrings. “Alright cherie, if it means that much to you. Just this once I’ll let me tell you what to do. But you’ll have to convince your father.” 

Relieved, Curtis bent down and kissed her on the check. She can handle Papa. “I’ll talk to him now.” 

“Are you going?”

“Wi, I’m working a case.” His case had nothing to do with the demonstration, but Curtis didn’t want to get her stirred up again.

“You be careful. You hear me, cheri? 

“Wi manman, I will.”

——

In the Constabulary locker room, Joel Sánchez, a heavyset thirtish man buttoned his uniform, shut his locker door, and walked over to the mirror. He took a comb from his back pocket and pulled it through his thick dark hair. 

In the glass he glimpsed another Constable, Pete Connell, a big man with a wide face. For the last two days, Connell had been unusually quiet and withdrawn. Normally you can’t get him to shut up. 

Connell was creeping up behind a younger officer, Ryan Jackson. What the hell is he doing? In one smooth motion, Connell lifted his arms and wrapped a wire garrote round Jackson’s neck. 

“Hey!” Sánchez whirled and ran toward the struggling men.

Ryan was clawing at the wire, buckling and twisting—his neck already bleeding— as Connell strangled him. 

“Let him go!” Sánchez hesitated, then drew his musket and shot Connell in the leg. He shot him again. Connell didn’t even bleed—didn’t even seem to feel it.

What the hell—?!

Sánchez gripped his musket by the barrel, and rushed forward, hitting Connell again and again in the head. Connell roared— his cry a synergy of beast and psychotic human—and bared his teeth. In a blur, he freed one hand and—without loosening his grip on the garrote—grabbed Joel Sánchez by the throat, lifted him and threw him across the room. Joel hit the wall and slid to the floor. Minutes later, Ryan slumped in Connell’s grip. Dead. Connell’s eyes swept the room. He dropped Ryan and strode to the stairwell.

——

Curtis, dressed in a white shirt with sleeve-holders and black trousers, walked through the double doors of the station, and down the hallway to Chief Maxwell’s office, trying to ignore the hostile stares of officers. He was an outsider now. An interloper. And he keenly felt his distance from them. 

Chief Maxwell, a heavyset white man in his sixties, with silver hair and gray-green eyes, was sitting behind his desk. He smiled warmly. “Lieutenant Dubois, good to see you. “How you been?”

Even though Curtis had quit, Chief Maxwell insisted on addressing him by his former title. He held onto a glimmer of hope that Curtis would dispense with “all this PI Nonsense” and return to the Constabulary. 

Curtis returned his smile. “Pretty fair, how about you?”

“Not too bad. These old bones always tell me when it’s getting ready to rain. But that’s alright, I never forget my umbrella.”

“I wanted to talk to you about today’s demonstration. I’m worried about what might go down.”

Maxwell’s face tightened. The warmth left his voice. “We’ll be there to keep the peace.” 

“Yeah Chief, but Constables been a little trigger happy lately, n’est-ce pas?” 

“Nothing’s gonna happen under my watch.” Defensiveness crept into Maxwell’s voice. “Protect the innocent. That’s the Constable motto—that’s my motto. Always has been. We got a lot of good men and women on the force. A few bad apples can’t change that.”

Curtis didn’t bother to remind him that there had been two shootings of unarmed black civilians within the last four months. Maxwell was a decent man, an honorable man, but he was only fooling himself if he couldn’t see the disease devouring his force. 

The door was flung open, and Joel Sánchez rushed inside, his eyes wide and agitated. Chief Maxwell scowled. “Sánchez, don’t you knock?”

“Chief, we got a situation out here!” 

Maxwell jumped up and ran out the door with Curtis close behind. They followed Joel to the common room. A crowd of Constables had gathered there. His ex-partner, Harold, a lanky white man with an aquiline nose and black wavy hair, among them. Two officers lay dead: one with a garrote twisted about her neck, and another, Connell, with a musket wound in his head and two more in his legs. Curtis stared down at down at them, his eyes settling on Pete Connell. Connell’s wounds were bloodless, and his skin had a reddish-purple tint of a man who’d been dead for several hours.

“There’s another stiff downstairs, Chief!” Joel said.

“What happened here?” Chief Maxwell barked. 

“I was downstairs,” Joel said excitedly, “next thing I know Connell went crazy! He wrapped that thing around Ryan’s neck and started choking him. When I tried stop him he threw me against the wall. I blacked out—”

“He ran in the common room and started choking Donna!” another officer, Carl Currey, cut in excitedly. “We couldn’t get him off her—even after I shot him! He just kept choking her! I hit him with my musket two or three times before I plugged him …! Then he fell. His face,” Carl looked uneasy, “I know it sounds crazy, but it didn’t look like that before he fell.” 

Maxwell ran his hand over his hair, looking haggard. “Alright Sánchez, you type up the statement. Currey get the lab in here and notify the morgue. I want these bodies moved as soon as the lab’s done. The rest of you get back to work. Dubois, you come on back to the office with me.” 

Curtis stared down at Connell’s body. Maxwell’s voice seemed to come from a distance. He raped Simone Starks. Ryan helped him. Then they killed her … Donna Tuffkin shot Terrance Cloud, an unarmed black man. She was acquitted. Burt Phillips is dead too—

“Dubois!”

Maxwell’s voice broke the spell. “Coming!”

——
 
Maxwell sat down behind his desk. He pulled a bottle from his desk drawer and two shot glasses. The big man poured them both a drink and downed his before speaking. “I swear Monterrey is a magnet for this kinda shit.” He downed his shot and poured another one. “Tell me what you saw, so I’ll know I’m not crazy.”

Curtis took a swig of his drink. “There’s no way Connell could’ve choked Donna to death with those wounds. And they were fresh, so they should’ve been bloody. His skin looked like he’d been dead for hours. I don’t even know how he was walking around.”

There was a brief tense silence.

“I just needed to hear somebody else say it.” There was fear in Maxwell’s gray-green eyes. “This is your case, Dubois. If you want it.” 

“I’ll take it. I’ll need to bring Mona in, too. But Chief, you might not like where this case leads.” 

“What’s that supposed to mean?”

“Nothing. I’m in.” But I bet there’re some things you’re not gonna wanna hear. Oh yeah. Some things about all those fine Constables, you got so much respect for. 

Chief Maxwell nodded. “I’m bringing you in as a special investigator. If it’s a spell or something ...” he frowned as he said these words. “I don’t believe in this kind of stuff —at least I didn’t used to. But I believe my eyes. If you need Mona’s help, I’ll okay it. But I’m hiring you today. I’m gonna stick Harold on the case with you. He knows the ropes with this stuff, too.” Maxwell smiled grimly. “He can’t stand his new partner; he’ll be glad to get a break from her.”

——

Curtis sent Dr. Dearborn a post and then rode with his ex-partner Harold to The Airship, a nearby pub and grill. Harold was dressed in the detective uniform of a button-down shirt, vest and wide-legged pants. A watch chain dangled from his right pants pocket and his badge and musket were clipped to his belt. A geared headset, designed to help the wearer spot assailants creeping up from behind, lay on the seat beside him. 

“How you been, man?” Harold asked.

“Alright, just trying to get my PI business off the ground.”

“I went by your house. The new tenants said you moved.”

“Yeah,” Curtis had known Harold too long to be embarrassed, but he was. “I had to let it go. I couldn’t keep up the payments. I’m back home with my folks for now.” There was an awkward silence, as they pulled up in front of The Airship.

“Listen, just because you’re a PI don’t be a stranger,” Harold said. “Stop by for dinner sometime, or just stop by.”

“I will.”

“I mean it.”

“So, do I.”

They got out, and Harold turned his steam-auto off. A carved sign hung above The Airship’s wooden door. The two men stepped inside. They ordered sandwiches and drinks at the bar and sat down at a table. 

“Things any better with Betty?” Curtis asked. Betty was Harold’s new partner.

“Man, don’t get me started on her.” The white Constable shook his head ruefully. “She bitches about everything, the job, the hours—anybody black or brown.”

Curtis raised his eyebrows. “She’s black.”

“I don’t think she knows it,” Harold said sourly. “I wish somebody would shoot her and put her out of her misery.”

“You’re supposed to take a bullet for your partner.” 

“Well, then she’s living on borrowed time. I’m gonna ask the Chief for a reassignment before I plug her myself.” The men chuckled together. 

Harold’s expression turned serious. He leaned forward. “Any ideas on what happened at the station today—Pete Connell going crazy like that? You know a lot about this kind of stuff.”

The waiter brought their food and drinks over, and the men fell silent and dug into their meal. At length, Curtis lowered his voice and leaned across the table. “I think Connell was dead before he got started.”

“You’re saying he was dead while he was killing them?” 

Curtis nodded. “Wi.” 

Harold shook his head. “That’s impossible.”

“Maybe not. Did you see the way his skin looked?” 

“Yeah. I saw it. I figured he was sick or something.”

“I think somebody killed him and reanimated his body. Connell and Ryan raped Simone Starks. Didn’t they?” Anger crept into his voice. “They killed her before she could testify. And Burt Phillips is dead too.” 

Harold’s jaw dropped. “Where’d you hear all that?”

“It came to me earlier. Is it true?”

“It came to you? What are you psychic now?”

Curtis shrugged. “I been seeing a lot of weird shit lately.” 

Harold glanced around the bar to make sure nobody was in earshot. “Word is, Simone and her brother Richard were investigating dirty Constables —politicians too— and Connell and Ryan did her,” the white Constable’s voice was heavy with disgust. “But the DA claimed he couldn’t build a case. So they walked.” 

“But it wasn’t in the paper.” Curtis’ brown eyes flashed with anger. “Only a politician would have the juice to pull a story like that. That means the corruption is coming from higher up. What about Phillips? Why wasn’t his death in the paper?”

“Because it was strange. He was found in his own house with four knives buried in him ...” Harold looked down into his plate and then looked up. “Curtis, I believe in the law, always have. What they’re doing to your people, it makes me sick to my stomach. But this stuff—conspiracies, corrupt politicians—I start digging around in this shit, and it could cost me my badge.”

“Fair enough,” Curtis said. “But think about it: Phillips shoots an unarmed man, and he’s murdered in his own house. Connell, the same man who murdered Simone, goes crazy, kills the man who helped him and another Constable who beat a murder rap? You think that’s a coincidence? ‘Cause I sure as hell don’t.”

“Somebody’s taking out dirty Constables,” Harold said slowly. “And they’re using sorcery to do it.”

Curtis nodded. “Ou kòrèk.” 

“I hate it when you do that.”

“I said you’re right. And we’re being thrown together to deal with it.”

“By who? The Chief?”

An image of female entity who’d visited him, flashed before Curtis’ eyes again. “Somebody very powerful and definitely not human. Whoever it is, I got a feeling she ain’t gonna take no for an answer.”

“She?”

“Wi ...” Curtis described his encounter with the mysterious entity.

When he’d finished, Harold sighed. “Oh man, here we go again ... I’m meeting a contact tomorrow night: Melvin Ashe. He claims he wants to do something about the corruption on the force, but he’s too scared to come forward. I’d feel better if I had you to watch my back.” 

Curtis smiled dryly. “When did you plan on telling me?”

Harold returned his smile. “I didn’t plan on going. Pick me up at eight; we can ride over together.”

“Sounds good. You going to the demonstration today?” Curtis asked.

“I’m on guard detail.”
_____
Chapter 17: War

Curtis pulled into the cobblestones, parked behind a line of steam-autos, and walked through an alleyway to the square. A makeshift stage had been erected on the square, and a crowd had gathered before the stage. To his left, food vendors were setting up their carts. The aroma of fresh bread, cooked meat and pastries filled the air.

Richard, a slender young man with café au lait skin and freckles stood on stage holding a speaking horn (a horn with a wide mouth for amplification). He was dressed in a short-sleeve shirt with holders, a vest made of Kente cloth, knickers and boots, and his thick hair was held back with a cloth band. A young Latina woman and an older white man stood on stage beside him. 

To his left twenty Constables, dressed in blue suitcoats and steeple caps, lined the cobblestones ahead of the vendors, Harold among them. Chief Maxwell stood at their forefront holding a horn, a grim no-nonsense look on his lined face. The Chief and Harold looked over at Curtis and nodded, and Curtis inclined his head.

Richard raised his horn to his lips, “Greetings, brothers and sisters! For those that don’t know me, my name is Richard Starks!” The crowd cheered in reply, many raising clenched fists in solidarity. “Thank you for coming. To see you gathered here today makes my heart sing, that so many of you have hope like I do—hope that we can turn the tide of racism and violence to save North America. My baby sister,Simone, was murdered by Constables.” At this, the crowd murmured angrily. 

“We ain’t gonna let em get away with it!” a woman shouted.

“Simone and me, we were close,” Richard’s voice broke. He lowered his eyes and swallowed. 

“Take your time, brother!” a man yelled from the crowd, “take your time!” 

Richard lifted his eyes to the crowd again. “I wanted to give up, but then I thought about you—all of you who want change! You gave me the strength to carry on. I won’t stand by and watch our nation destroyed! We won’t stand by and watch North America destroyed! We won’t stand by and watch innocent folks murdered. This is our nation! You hear what I say? Our nation! North America belongs to us! And it’s up to us to save her! NO JUSTICE! NO PEACE!” Are you with us?” The crowd cheered in response. “I said: are you with us?” Their cheers were like thunder. “Well alright! We’re getting ready to party—to celebrate our union! Please stay and break bread with us, help us to build this movement. POWER TO THE PEOPLE!”

“POWER TO THE PEOPLE!” 

Richard descended from the stage, shaking hands with those in the crowd. The young Latina woman and older white man joined three others in setting up instruments. Curtis spotted Mona in the crowd. She saw him and waved, pushing through the throng to join him.

He gazed down at her. “I didn’t think you were gonna make it. Everything copacetic?”

“Yes and no. I got so much to tell you.”

“Let’s find someplace quiet to talk,” he said.

The couple left the square and walked a half block to a small park with trees and benches. They sat on one of the benches, Curtis leaning forward, his arms on his knees, hands clasped, while Mona sat beside him, leaning her head on her hand, one leg tucked behind the other.

“You won’t believe what happened after you left.”

Curtis smiled. “Try me.” 

By the time they’d finished catching up, sunset was creeping across the sky. The sound of guitars, horn and bass drifted toward them.

“Modi. A crack between worlds?”

“You don’t believe me?”

“You sure it wasn’t a vision or a spell?” Curtis asked.

“It was real. I’d bet my life on it.” 

“Did you read her?”

Mona nodded. “Opal checked out. She’s telling the truth.” She struggled to find the words to describe Opal’s aura. “I know it sounds corny, but I felt so much coming from her— strength, purpose, love ...” she trailed off.

“Then that was her I saw,” Curtis rubbed his hands together. “I didn’t feel any bad vibes coming off her either. But a doorway between worlds? That’s some next level shit.”

Mona quirked her lips. “And last night I was a bird. How many times have we seen and done things that should be impossible?” 

“Like a dead man murdering two Constables.”

“Exactly.” 

They were silent for a while. “That’s old magic— got to be. And very, very powerful stuff,” Mona said.

Curtis regarded her seriously. “Didn’t Auroral do the same thing to Harold.”

Months ago, the sorceress Auroral Lachette had cast a spell on Harold to bend his will to hers. Mona had broken the spell and saved his life.

“Oh this is way, way beyond what she did. Harold was alive when Auroral cast that spell. But from what you told me Connell had been dead for hours. Somebody took control of a dead man and directed him to kill. And the spell was designed to end as soon as he finished the job.”

Curtis leaned back and stretched his arms along the bench. “So Connell kills two Constables. When he’s done he goes back to being dead. Nobody to blame, nobody to interrogate.” He chuckled darkly. “Somebody thought of everything.”

“You don’t seem too broken up about it.”

“I’m not.” 

“Curtis, you were a Constable. You don’t have any sympathy for the victims?”

Curtis’ face was hard. “For Constables who rape and kill women, who murder unarmed civilians? If I could do spells, I’d a bodied them myself,” his brown eyes were impassioned, “and if they hurt you I will. Magic or no.”

Mona gazed at him, her own eyes brimming with emotion. She’d never heard him talk like this. Curtis took her heated gaze in, and it was reflected in his own eyes. She leaned forward, one hand on his thigh, and pressed a long lingering kiss on his lips. 

“Keep that up,” Curtis said huskily, “and we won’t make it back.” 

She laughed softly, stood and tugged at his hand. “Come on baby, dance with me.” They made their way back to the rally.

——

On stage, the young Latina woman belted out throaty vocals. A middle-aged black woman plucked out an offering on the guitar, a Native American youth played a horn, and the elderly white man accompanied them on the drums.

Mona turned her back to Curtis, her hips grinding in rhythm against him. “Aw, look at she,” he breathed in her ear, “showing her masses.” 

The music covered the first sounds of the ambush. A crowd of whites carrying sticks, clubs, and muskets, streamed into the square. Shots were fired and the musicians dived onto the stage floor. More attackers poured into the square. 

“PUT your weapons DOWN!” Maxwell shouted through his horn. “Or you will be ARRESTED AND CHARGED!” He turned back to his squad. “Alright, let’s get ‘em outta here!” 

Five Constables—Harold among them, his chest gleaming like Curtis—rushed the crowd. The rest didn’t move. Maxwell stared at them incredulously. “Did you hear me?” The officers stared back, their faces hostile and obdurate. His eyes narrowed. “You treacherous bastards! I’ll have your badges by nightfall!” He whirled and charged into the throng.

Mona was trapped in the roiling crowd. It was like swimming in molasses. She was dimly aware of Curtis snatching a club from an attacker. The man head-butted him. Curtis didn’t even stumble. Grabbing the man by his lapels, Curtis slammed him down to the cobblestones. More musket fire exploded in the crowd. Protesters collapsed. Harold picked up a man and threw him. A few feet away, Maxwell tussled with an attacker. 

The blood beat at her temples. Just ahead, a man was striking an activist with club. Mona rushed over and snatched it out of his hand. “Why can’t you leave us the fuck alone!” she snarled. He whirled to face her but, seeing her wild eyes and contorted mouth, backed away― almost falling in his haste to escape her. 

Angry—so angry! I want to hurt them! I want— Focus! Channel it. An epiphany blossomed in her mind like a dark rose. Mona leapt into the air, for moments suspended there, defying gravity, her arms spread out like wings. 

She screamed, “Ma voix est puissante!” I’m exposing myself! We all are! They’ll remember, they’ll—! 

Her undulating wail split the air, doubling in volume as it left her lips, then tripling. The supernatural cry rang through the streets—a cross between an ancient bird cry and a bestial roar. People clapped their hands over their ears to shut out the hideous noise. But it brought the battle to halt. Attackers, and many of the activists, fled the square. 

A translucent vise was suddenly crushing her throat. Hands were choking her. Mona tried to grip the hands, pry them away, but they were formless. A white face with pitiless green eyes loomed close to hers, his face —like his body—translucent. Only her own power kept her from being slammed to the ground, a fall that would have would have undoubtedly killed her.

Yet down she went, though much slower than he wanted, his hands still around her neck. She lay prone, the attacker lying on top of her. Mona tried to counter-attack, but she was too weak from the spell she’d just cast. Tears streamed from her eyes, running sideways down her face. Blood ran from her nose. She beat feebly at the air around her throat, gold sparking at the tips of her fingers. After a long moment, she lay still under the attacker ...She could breathe again.

Two entities struggled just above her. They soared higher into the sky, two clouds forming human shapes—one black, one white—shrieking in cries that only she could hear. They vanished. 

Mona struggled to her feet. She wiped the tears and blood away and put her hand to her throat; it was sore to the touch. She looked around. Those left behind were giving comfort to the injured and helping the vendors salvage whatever they could. An activist had already jogged to the city hospice and steam-ambulances would be arriving soon to treat the survivors … and collect the dead.  Harold and Chief Maxwell made their way over to her. Both men’s clothing was torn. There was a large reddish-purple bruise on Chief Maxwell’s forehead. 

“You alright?” Harold asked. 

She nodded. “Yeah.”

Curtis walked over and handed her a Beignet he’d managed to find. He too bore the marks of the skirmish. “Thanks, baby.” Mona nibbled at the pastry, trying (and this was hard) to take small bites. Using sorcery always took its toil. And she was ravenous. 

“I’m sorry about all this,” Chief Maxwell said gruffly. “Believe me, heads are gonna roll.” He stared at Mona with dread and a kind of awe. “What uh, what happened back there? It looked like you were flying or something,” He cut his eyes at Harold and Curtis. “I saw some other stuff too.” 

Great. Now he’s scared of us. Mona smiled gently. “It was just an illusion, Chief. When we have time, I’ll sit down and tell you about it.” 

Maxwell nodded, looking doubtful. “Fair enough.”

He doesn’t believe a word. 

“Did Curtis tell you about the case?”

“He did. I’ll be glad to help.”

The Chief nodded again. “Good. I’ll get the paperwork started.” He strode off.

“I’m coming,” Harold said. He turned to Curtis. “I’ll see you later.” 

“I feel sorry for him,” Mona said, once they were out of ear shot. “It must have been hard for him to watch his officers turn traitor like that.”

“He needed to see it,” Curtis said dryly. “That’s what I was trying to tell him earlier. Maybe now he’ll believe me.”

“Come on,” Mona said, “we need to talk to Richard.”

——

They sat in same park Curtis and Mona had visited earlier, Richard on a bench across from them with his hands between his knees.

“That speech was outtasite man,” Curtis said. “I want you to know we didn’t just come to sight see. We wanna help.” 

“Right on, ‘cause we’re building a movement across North American. Later this month, we’re gonna visit Governor Mekins. She needs to do a sweep of the Constabulary. WMU is all in and through it. That DA needs to go too.” Richard eyed Curtis. “I ain’t got much use for Constables, but if you got any contacts on the force, we could sure use the intell.” 

“I’m not any Constable anymore,” Curtis replied. “I’m a PI now. But I’ll see what I can do.” There was a coiled energy beneath Richard’s surface. It was setting off his detective’s radar. What’s he’s hiding?

“Cool.” Richard turned his intense light-brown eyes to Mona. “I saw you do things that should be impossible. I hope you don’t mind me asking, but are you human?”

Curtis and Mona cut their eyes at each other. “I’m human,” she said. “But I was born with abilities. You’ve seen a little of what I can do.”

Richard nodded approvingly. “Very impressive. What about you brother and that white Constable fighting with you? You human? ‘Cause you were both tossing cats like rag dolls.”

“I’m human. We both are,” Curtis said. “With some added juice.” 

“Your chests were glowing.”

Curtis smiled thinly. “That’s the juice.

“It looked like you fell. Or did I imagine it?”

Mona twisted her hands. There was no way to ease into this. “Something got a hold of me while I was in the air and nearly killed me. That’s why I fell. I think Opal fought it off. She told us to contact you. She said we’d need you in the battle that’s to come.” 

“Opal? Who’s that?” Richard’s face was guileless, questioning.

“You’ve never met her?” 

He shook his head. “No.”

“She’s dark and well-built. She looks like she’s around my age. Until you look in her eyes.”

Recognition flickered on Richard’s face. “Does she wear clocks for rings?”

“So, you have met her?”

He shifted on the bench. For the first time he looked unsettled. “I didn’t exactly meet her. She came to me in a dream.”

The entire time Richard was talking, Mona was reading him. She sensed no evil intent, but there were other things, hidden things, things he shouldn’t have been able to conceal from her. There was an energy she sensed just below the surface. She decided not to push him. Instead, she told him about her encounter with Opal and the doorway, hoping he would open up. 

“Damn. You sure you saw that? You weren’t high? Can you show me this door? Something like that, I gotta see to believe.”

Mona shook her head. “I don’t even know where it is, just that it’s somewhere here in Monterrey. But trust me, it’s real. As real as you or me.”

Richard smiled humorlessly. “All due respect, that’s the craziest shit I ever heard in my life. A door between worlds that I can’t see? But I’m supposed to believe it exists?”

“What about what you saw today?” Curtis countered. “Do you believe that? Opal said that the war to save both worlds would be fought in North America. And this is only the beginning.”

Richard shifted in his seat, looking uncomfortable. “I saw you raising hell,” he mumbled. “That’s all I saw.” 

“Opal said the Earth was in pain,” Mona said, “and it cried out to her— that you were part of the fight to save our world. We’re not just fighting human enemies. Not anymore. We’re fighting the supernatural. And it looks like they’ve decided to throw their weight behind White Men United.”

“There’s a reason we’re being brought together, n’est-ce pas?” Curtis added, his brown eyes passionate. “What you’ve seen, it’s nothing compared to what’s coming. I been down this road with Mona before. This time it’s different—I can feel it. We’re in the eye of the storm.”

There was a charged silence as they waited for Richard to speak. He looked from one to the other. They’re probably crazy. But maybe crazy is what it takes to win. “Me and Simone, we got into this fight to stop the Constables from killing us. Then they killed her. She was all the family I had,” Richard darted his eyes from Curtis to Mona. “But I ain’t gonna stop— I’ll never stop. Until they kill me too.” 

He bared his teeth in a warrior’s smile. “I’m in. Let’s see where this journey leads. 

_____

Chapter 18: Ambush
Mona unlocked the door to her room, and they stepped inside. She lit the oil lamps atop coffee tables on either side of her queen-sized bed. The bed was covered with a golden quilt that matched the carpet. French doors opened onto a balcony.

They stepped through the French doors onto the balcony. The cobblestones and wooden edifices below were bathed in the luminescence of gas streetlamps. He smiled slyly. “You remember the last time we stayed at an inn?” 

“Is that a request?”

“Wi bebe.”

“Close your eyes.” 

Curtis shut his eyes, and Mona softly blew over his eyelids. “Let them come.”

The soft light wavered. In the next moment, they both saw five faeries with mauve wings playing tag around the gaslight. Below them an eight-foot-tall specter, wearing a vest and top hat, carried a walking stick to match his long skinny legs. To Curtis, he looked like a human spider, only he had four limbs instead of eight. 

He pulled her close, his arm about her waist, his eyes still on the scene below. “Di ou mèsi ti bebe.” 

“I dig you with abilities,” she said softly. “I hope you never lose them.”

He let her go and turned, gazing into her eyes. “You think I’d leave you? I wouldn’t, not if they disappeared tomorrow.” Mona, who wasn’t so sure, kept silent. “I think I had to grow to accept things the way they are. I love you, Mona. Nothing’s gonna change that.”

“I love you, too.”

For a while they were quiet watching the Others caper in the darkness.

“Richard is hiding something,” Curtis said at length. “I can feel it. Call it a detective’s second sense.”

Mona clasped the railing, her dark face reflective. “Yeah, I was picking up some strange vibes from him. I think he had something to do with those Constable’s deaths. They started dying right after Simone was murdered.” 

Curtis looked out across the city, his face brooding. “I was thinking the same thing. What I’m trying to figure out is how he did it.” 
 
_______

Richard rose from his armchair and walked into his kitchen. He pulled cheese, bread, and fruit from his cold box and made an evening meal of sorts. His kitchen, like the rest of his small flat, was covered with paintings and calligraphy drawings in assorted sizes. After Simone’s murder, he’d fallen into a deep depression. His skill as an artist had helped him hold on to his sanity. But tonight, Richard felt more upbeat than he’d been in a while. His grief was beginning to fade from an open wound to a dull ache. He’d felt a lot of positive energy flowing from Curtis and Mona, too. He wasn’t alone anymore. The Ancestors comforted him. But Mona and Curtis were living breathing human beings, just like him. Yet he hadn’t told them everything. He was afraid to. 

What would they say if they knew I killed those people ...? I’m supposed to meet them later tonight. I can feel ‘em out and decide how much to tell ‘em. 

Richard finished off his sandwich and strolled out of his kitchen. It was a warm night, and he heard the faint sound of music. He could sit on the stoop for a while and enjoy the warm weather. Mona and Curtis had told him to keep a low profile, but he wasn’t worried. Whatever it was hunting them didn’t know him. They didn’t know him at all. 

Richard froze. He heard the thump of feet running down his hallway. As his door burst open Richard brought his hands together in a thunderous clap. A reverberation spread from his hands. Three Constables filled his doorway, their muskets trained on him. 

At the moment they fired Richard split in half. He became two men diving in opposite directions. Translucent myriad-colored breasts appeared—humped back creatures with the bodies of dragons and the heads of wolves. The confused Constables were now trying to hit multiple moving targets, while Richard’s snarling transparent beasts snarled and jumped at them, baring razor-sharp fangs. The beasts couldn’t hurt them; the creatures were only an illusion. But they didn’t know that. And bullets went straight through them.

It gave one of the Richards (the real one) time to grab his own musket—
 
A man appeared, his face and body shifting from visible to invisible. A solid hand emerged from his fluid mass. White powder floated above his palm. He whispered a spell. Everyone froze. The power floated of its own accord past the officers into both Richards. The spell broke. His halves coalesced, and he collapsed: paralyzed. His spirit beasts vanished. As did the intruder.

A white Constable stepped forward, kicking Richard’s musket out of the way, and pointed his weapon down at the prone Richard. His face spread in nasty grin. “Nighty night, asshole.”

“Fuck you!” Richard snarled.

“HEY!” a man called from their right. The Constable paused in his deadly mission.

A light-skinned black man dressed in pilot’s garb was striding toward them. He grinned and spread his hands affably. “Don’ mean to trouble you, boss.” The man had a baritone voice with a heavy Southern accent. “I’m jest looking for 14th street.”

“You’re on 14th street asshole! Now get the hell outta here!”

The younger Constable on the far end trained his musket on the newcomer. The stranger fainted.

“What the—!” 

“Burn him! Burn ‘em both!” 

Suddenly, the Constable holding a musket on Richard jumped. He turned and shot one, and the other officer. Then he put the barrel under his own chin and pulled the trigger. It exploded and he collapsed in a bloody, boneless heap. A diaphanous wisp floated from his body to the prone pilot laying behind them. The pilot sat up and jumped to his feet. Richard got to his feet as well. He stared open-mouthed, unsure whether to burst into hysterical laughter or run for his life. 

Junebug spoke in a rich baritone, “You need to come with me. You ain’t safe here.” 

“Who are you?”

“I’m the man who jus’ killed three Constables for you. We need to move. Now. Or you can stand here jaw jabbin’ till three more find you.” 

Richard hesitated. Fuck it. He saved my life. “Gimme five minutes.” 

“You got two,” Junebug said. He whipped his head right and left scoping out the hallway. 

Richard returned with a bag of clothes. He stepped out and pulled his door shut. “Aw shit! They busted my lock! All my art is in here!” 

“Send somebody back for it,” Junebug said. “Let’s move.”

_____

Chapter 19: Reunion 
Junebug flagged down a horse and buggy cab. “Take us to The Sojourner Restaurant and Pub.” 

Richard’s eyes widened. I was supposed to meet them at the same inn.

Once inside, Junebug headed for the restaurant with Richard following. They sat down at a table. 

“I’m supposed to be meeting some folks here later. It’s kinda weird, us winding up at the same place.”

“Mona and Curtis, right?” Junebug said casually.

Richard’s jaw dropped. “How’d you know that?”

A petite, tofu-colored waitress walked over to take their order. “Bring me a brandy, sweetness,” Junebug said. He looked over at Richard. “What you drinkin’?”

“I’ll have a beer.” Richard waited until the server was out of earshot. “Who are you, man?” he asked in a low charged voice. “What are you?” 

“I’m Larry Walker. You can call me Junebug.”

“Alright Junebug, thanks for saving my life. But what you did today—how’d you do that?”

“Them Constables is huntin’ you jest like a lynch mob.” Junebug pulled a cigar out of his breast pocket and lit it. Anger crept into his voice. “I thought I’d seen the last of this shit.”

Richard quirked his mouth. “You didn’t answer my question.” The waitress brought their drinks over, and the men fell silent until she left.

“I’m a ghost,” Junebug said calmly. He blew out a cloud of smoke. “I’m part of this. The same folks helping you sent me.”

“A ghost?” Richard looked dubious. “Like a spirit?” 

“That’s right.”

“I ain’t never seen no ghost do what you did.”

At this, Junebug’s full lips turned up in a dry smile. “I can see thangs—do thangs—ordinary ghosts can’t. I guess that’s why they want me.” He picked up his drink and took a long satisfying sip, while Richard looked on. 

“Ghosts don’t drink liquor,” Richard said, “or smoke.”

“Boy, you’ll never figure me out in a million years, so stop tryin.’ I’m on your side—part of your team. That’s all you need to know … Tell me something. Why didn’t you kill them Constables earlier? You got power. I can feel it.”

“I was about to.” Richard said. “Then somebody showed up—just appeared out of thin air. He blew something in my face. It paralyzed me.”

“You get a good look at him?”

“Naw, his face was fuzzy … it kept blinking in and out.”

Junebug’s face was hard. “That means there’s another player on the board. A sorcerer if I had to guess. Good thang Mona’s on our team.”

“Hold up!” Richard exploded. The other patrons looked over at them. He leaned forward and lowered his voice. “Man, you ain’t no ghost. Just be honest. What are you? An Ancestor? A sorcerer?”

“I told you what I am. You don’t wanna believe me, that’s yo’ affair.” 

They fell silent. Richard sipped his beer, sneaking glances at Junebug as he did. The ghost puffed his cigar, ignoring him. Mona was his dearest friend. He’d told her a great deal about his strange condition over the years, at least all he understood. She knew he could possess the living, read minds, teleport over great distances, bringing his human body with him as he did so. 

But this man here, he’s another story. He wasn’t about to share his most intimate secrets with a stranger. Let Richard keep his questions. Let Richard fear him if he must.

“How do you know Mona?” Richard said, breaking through his thoughts.

“I help her solve cases.” Junebug couldn’t keep a twinge of pride out of his voice. 

“Alright, I believe you.” Richard said. “Ain’t nothing but crazy shit been happening to me lately.” His lips curled upward in a wry smile. “Why I shouldn’t I believe in a ghost with superpowers?” 

At this Junebug laughed outright. “First time I ever heard that one.”

“I guess I better find another place to stay, at least for a few days.”

“What’s wrong with right here?”

Richard raised his brows. “You kidding? I can’t afford to stay here. Especially with all my work gone. That was a month’s worth of pay.”

“I’ll get Mona to take care of that for you.” Junebug reached in his pocket, pulled out five gold coins and slid them across the table. “Put this with what you got.” 

“Man, I can’t accept this.”

“Yeah, you can. You need a room, and I got the coins.” 

Richard picked the coins up and pocketed them. “Thanks. I’ll pay you back ... Ghosts ain’t supposed to have coins either.” Junebug burst out laughing and Richard joined him.

“Let’s have another round,” the ghost said, still smiling. He raised his hand to signal the waitress.

——

They were coming down the stairs when Curtis spotted him. “Hey baby, there’s Richard,” he said. He eyed the black man sitting across from Richard. That’s the same pilot I saw with Julia! Ki bagay si?

“He’s with Junebug!” Mona said. She felt a rush of excitement and relief. Maybe he hadn’t abandoned her after all!

“Junebug?”

“He’s wearing a different body,” Mona said this casually, as if she was discussing the chance of rain. Junebug saw them and waved them over.

They sat down and Curtis gazed at Junebug with a furrowed brow. This was his new normal. He had to accept it, to embrace it even, for the sake of his own sanity. 

“How long you been here?” Mona asked.

“Since last night,” Junebug said, looking sheepish.He took a sip of his drink to hide his discomfort. “I was gonna knock on your door, but I didn’t wanna wake you up.” The waitress walked over, and the friends ordered club sandwiches and iced tea.

“Well, I’m glad you two got a chance to meet.”

“I was just telling him that I was supposed to hook up with you and Curtis tonight.” Richard said. “Wanna know how we met? The pigs came down on me at my crib.” He leaned forward and lowered his voice. “this man here,” he hooked his thumb at Junebug, “he saved my life.” Curtis and Mona listened intently as Richard told them of his harrowing escape and rescue, with Junebug looking pleased as punch.

Mona grinned at Junebug. “Show off.” The ghost managed to look diffident and pleased at the same time.

Curtis eyed them, trying to ignore his feelings of jealousy. He still hadn’t gotten used to the chemistry between Junebug and Mona and doubted that he ever would.

“The pigs busted my lock.” Richard finished. “All my drawings are at my crib. I hate to ask, but—”

“I’ll take care of it,” Mona said, cutting him off. 

His light-brown eyes were suddenly full of concern. “I don’t wanna put you in any danger.”

Mona smiled. “No need to worry. I can’t handle myself just fine.”

“Thanks, I appreciate it.”

The waitress brought their orders and they dug in, chatting about this and that between bites. The sandwich meat was spiced just right, and the tea was sweet and cold. Mona imagined what everyone else saw, looking at them, just four good friends breaking bread and enjoying each other’s company. She said a silent prayer that there would be many more moments just like this.

A dark woman walked into the restaurant, dressed in a wine-colored dress with lace gloves a shade lighter than her garment, and ankle length boots. She glanced around, spotted Junebug and sauntered over. 

“Hey,” Julia said. She smiled and her cheeks dimpled.

Junebug stood. “Hey baby.” He kissed her on the cheek Inside him, his host Renaldo was all aquiver. “Everybody, this here’s Julia … that’s Mona … Curtis … and that’s Richard.”

Julia smiled. “Nice to meet y’all.”

“You want something to eat?” Junebug asked. 

Julia shook her head. “No, can we get a drink at the bar? 
 
“Alright ... I’ll see y’all later.”

“Bye Junebug,” Mona said.
 
Richard watched Julia twist away. “Man, she is fine.” He turned back to Mona, his brow furrowed. “Ain’t he supposed to be a ghost? How he’d get a woman like that, and what’s he gonna do with her?”

At this, Mona laughed outright. “What you think?” 

“Damn,” Richard shook his head. “I thought I was strange.”

Curtis watched Julia and Junebug take a seat at the bar. He’d just met Julia Dearborn, of this he was sure, even though Junebug hadn’t spoken her last name. I’ll write up my report. Dearborn can do what he wants with it. He got to his feet. “Baby, I got to meet Harold. You want me to drop you off?” 

“Yeah,” Mona stood, “Richard, I need your address.” 

Richard made eye contact with their petite waitress and waved her over. “Can I get a pen and scroll?”

“Sure ...” She brought the writing tools over and Richard scribbled his address down and handed it to
Mona. “Thanks baby,” he said, smiling up at the server.

She smiled back. “Anytime.” 

Mona rolled her eyes. But she was smiling too. “We’re in room 203 if you need us.” 

“Alright, cool.” Richard said, barely glancing at Mona, and then to the waitress, “What’s your name?”

_____
Chapter 20: The Airship
They floated through the night sky, miles above Monterrey. The airship was cylinder shaped and overlaid with a metal filigreed. A propeller at the stern had a crank that was turned by human hands. Carved flaps on the port and starboard sides enhanced its buoyancy, as did the steam-filled, cigar-shaped balloon above it. Airships were normally used by cities for overseas travel. But a few wealthy citizens, like DA Joe McIntyre owned private airships. His guests milled about the airship, glasses of champagne in their hands. They’d already had an expensive dinner, and the voyage on the airship was his special treat. The DA was given to grand displays.

DA Joe McIntyre was a short heavyset man with green eyes and ears that seemed too large for his head. Although few knew it, McIntyre ran the political machine behind White Men United. He was only in his forties, but he had wealth left to him by his great-great grandfather, coins made from slave labor. To the DA’s left stood Mayor Lindsey Franks, a fiftyish white man with black hair, watery blue eyes, and a thin mouth, and to his right Councilman Henry Burr. 

Franks tried to look pleased, but only managed to look constipated. He didn’t trust airships and would have much preferred to be safely on the ground. But he didn’t want to offend the DA, since Joe McIntyre had bankrolled his campaign, helping him to squeeze through with a narrow victory.

All the guests, most of them white but with a sprinkling of black and brown faces, were members of White Men United. The politics of white supremacy were a cover for what they really sought. Power. And they were manipulating working class whites to this end. The Grand Experiment had ushered in new labor laws and higher wages, changes which meant less coin and control for the wealthy. But there were whites who were still envious of the progress black and brown folks had made, envious and full of hatred. They longed for the good old days of racial and gender discrimination to return in all their glory, not realizing this reversal would mean fewer coins in their pockets. They were playing into the wealthy grasping hands of the real brains behind WMU. Suppression of black and brown citizens was only part of the sweeping economic changes they had in mind.

Franks shifted his eyes to Burr. All he’d wanted was a slice of the political pie. Now, he was ensnared in the DA’s schemes. Burr was bad enough. Franks never knew what the man was thinking, but Joe McIntyre gave him the chills. The man was a sociopath. Franks moved his gaze to McIntyre and inadvertently met his eyes. The DA smiled and Franks looked away. Madness capered behind those green eyes.

Henry Burr eyed McIntyre, then Franks. He’d begun to hate the DA, who he blamed for his troubles.  Franks he dismissed. The man was a spineless toad.  I’m one to talk. I’m nothing but a coward myself.

Burr sipped his drink, studying the faces of the guests: rich, spoiled, corrupt, and so sure of themselves. In the next moment, he caught the eye of a buxom red-haired woman in the crowd, standing beside a man engaged in conversation. She smiled her invitation and Burr looked away. He thought of Tonia, her eyes, her smile. She was lost to him forever. Last night he’d walked past her, and she’d called out to him. He’d kept walking, his face burning red with shame. Later that night, Burr wept, his head buried in a curled arm, crying like he hadn’t cried since he was a child. 

He was forced to spend his nights tracking his prey and he refused to put Tonia’s life in danger. No matter how badly he wanted her. The Council, dat’s what the daemons called them. The Council ... Joan. Karla. Joseph. Mark. Consuela. José. 

Their faces and favored locations had appeared inside his mind—that and more. He’d been ordered to murder them. Murder them or spend his remaining days as a wolf. The daemons had told him that the Council were werewolves too, but that his strength was greater. Still, it was best to catch each one alone and, if possible, end their lives quickly with a musket shot to the head. Yet they always seemed to travel in groups of two and three.

Like wolves in a pack.

Yet Burr wondered if, even after he finished his hideous task, would he be ever free? And what about Isis? What would become of her?

McIntyre promised not to hurt her, but I don’t trust him. Yet he could not bring her back to his house. It was diseased.

“Enjoying yourself?” Joe asked. His voice pulled Burr from his musings. 

“Immensely,” Franks said, “Thank you for inviting me.” Burr smiled, a smile that didn’t quite reach his gray-green-eyes, and nodded.

A short elderly black man with thinning gray hair, dressed in a white shirt and black pants with suspenders, was circulating the room with a carafe of champagne, refilling the guests’ glasses.

“You think it’s a good idea to keep that darkie around?” Franks asked.

“William has been with my family since I was boy,” the DA replied curtly. “He knows his place, and I trust him with my life.”

William made his way over to the three men. “Refill your glasses, gentlemen?” he said, smiling. They held out their glasses for him to pour.

As soon as he’d finished, the DA raised his voice. “I’d like to make an announcement.” The room fell silent. “I know that you, like me, have been very dissatisfied with Governor Shirley Mekins.” There were murmurs of approval. “I believe the time has come for a new leader to take her place. And it is my pleasure to introduce him. Please raise your glass in congratulation to our next governor: The Honorable Henry Burr!”

There was a smattering of applause. A portly white man with a gray beard and moustache spoke up. “Will he be running during the next term?”

“He will be replacing Governor Mekins during this term,” McIntyre said, smiling widely.

Burr gulped his wine, trying not to look shocked. He’d been blindsided. The little bastard never said one word to me! Knowing glances passed among the guests, but none of them looked surprised. There was more applause. Dey cheering for the murder of North America’s most powerful politician! Dey crazy, non? He’d escaped one prison only to find himself inside another. Burr inclined his head, forcing himself to smile, and raised his glass. 

Inside, he felt like dying.

_____
Chapter 21: Deadly Encounters
Mona climbed the steps of Richard’s apartment building and walked inside. He’s on the first floor. Flat A-5. The closer she got to his flat, the stronger it became. A residual energy, hot and bitter, lingering in the hallway. Mona could taste it, feel it crawling over her skin, a synergy of Richard’s spirit and whatever it was that had attacked him. 

Be careful.

She stopped at his door. It was open, and two teenagers were bent over Richard’s paintings. “HEY!”

They looked up, startled, then ran from the apartment a drawing under each arm. “STOP!” Mona’s voice was a clarion call, unnaturally louder and deeper than a normal human voice. “PUT THEM BACK!” Doors along the hallway opened and faces peered out.

The boys froze in their tracks. They turned and walked back into the flat, snatching fearful glances at her. Mona stepped away from the door, and they walked inside giving her a wide berth, carefully put the paintings down and raced from the apartment and out the building. Mona waited until they were gone, then walked to the door. The synergy was stronger here, leaving an acrid taste in her mouth. 

“Reveal.” Red and blue sketches appeared … Richard walking to his door … the Constables … his familiars … a diaphanous man— I can see him!

He vanished, and a disembodied hand reached through the open door for her throat. Mona hissed and leaped back. “End now!”

The hand vanished. The scene froze, and then the figures disappeared as well.  With a pounding heart, Mona pulled the door shut and whispered a spell to lock it.

She hurried from the building.
 
——

“I might have a line on those murders.”  Curtis had picked Harold up and they were en route to the contact’s house. He’d struggled over just how much to tell Harold and decided to feel him out first. 

“That was quick,” Harold said. 

“I’m not sure if this guy did it, only that sorcery was involved.”

“Who’s the suspect?” Excitement crept into Harold’s voice. “We gotta at least bring him in for questioning.”

“Yeah, I guess.” 

Harold turned his head to stare at Curtis incredulously. “You guess? Man, what’s with you? You can’t let a killer run free! I don’t give a shit if he’s a sorcerer, a magician or a belly dancer!” 

“All those Constables he took out, they murdered civilians.” 

Harold’s face turned red. “That’s unconfirmed. The DA—”

“Man, don’t feed me that bullshit!” Curtis exploded. “You know they did it!”

“So, we just let this guy—whoever he is—be judge, jury and executioner?” 

“Yeah, we do. Until things change. Until the next white Constable thinks twice about murdering an innocent black or brown civilian. 

“D-a-m-n. I see why you quit the force.”

“Harold, we been friends a long time,” There was still anger in Curtis’ voice, but now it was tempered with sadness. “But you got a blind spot when it comes to racism, like a lot of white folks. You don’t understand what it feels like when you see a Constable murder somebody that looks like you. And just walk away. And you wonder if next time it’ll be you, your son, your daughter, your mother, your father. I guess you gotta look like me to understand, n’est-ce pas?”

Harold swallowed. “I’m here, ain’t I?” the anger had fled from his voice too. Now, he sounded tired, “tracking down evidence to help your people.”

“Wi, and I appreciate it.” Curtis parked five houses down from the contact’s house. They got out and he hunkered down and turned the crank on his steam-auto. It sputtered into silence. Both had dressed in dark pants with suspenders and high collared shirts. They wore black suit jackets to hide their holstered muskets. 

He got to his feet. A low male voice spoke. “You’re walking into a trap.”

“You hear that?” Harold said.

“Yeah,” Curtis turned toward the bushes on Harold’s right, the direction the voice had come from.

“Don’t look for me. Look at each other.”

“Say, man—!” Curtis protested.

“Shut up and do what I tell you! Melvin Ashe has betrayed you. There are men waiting to kill you as soon as you walk into his flat.”

Stunned, the detectives turned to face each other. Whether the phantom voice spoke the truth or not, he knew their contact’s name and he’d shown up at precisely the moment they were supposed to meet with him.

“Alright, let’s say we believe you,” Harold said, aiming his words at Curtis. “Why won’t you let us see you—or at least tell us who you are?”

“Why should we trust you?” Curtis added. “You could be the one who sold us out.”

“Look down the street. You see those men? There are three more in Ashe’s flat. Climb back in your auto and get out of here. I’ll be in touch.”

“Wait—!” Harold protested. There was only silence.

“What do you think?” 

Curtis eyed the three men up the street. “Let’s go.”

They walked back to his steam-auto and Curtis hunkered down and turned the crank. Suddenly, the men were watching them very closely. As the two detectives climbed into the steam-auto, they raced toward them. Curtis pulled away from the curb, and the men stopped short, watching the steam-auto’s retreat with gimleted eyes.
____

Chapter 22: The Ties that Bind

“What the fuck was that?” Harold said.

“Ashe set us up,” Curtis’ voice was tense. “Somebody thinks we’re getting too close.”

In the darkness, Harold’s face was strained and worried. “Is my life ever gonna be normal again?”

“You already know the answer to that.”

Harold glanced over at his partner and said nothing. For a moment, he hated Curtis for bringing all this turmoil in his world. But Curtis was just one man; he couldn’t blame him for all of this. Still, it was easier to be angry with Curtis, then to grapple with the events unfurling around him, and the dawning realization that the Constabulary was rotten to the core.

“Listen ...” Harold fished for right words. “I understand how you feel. It’s just—I believe in the law, not vigilante justice.”

“Yeah man, I know.” The law is setting murderers free. And you still don’t understand. “Why don’t you check in with the Chief?” Curtis said out loud. “Tell him he’s got WMU working under his command. After what happened today, he’ll believe you.”

Harold laughed sourly. “Oh, he’s gonna love that.” 

“Meet me at The Sojourner tomorrow night, say between seven and eight. I got a room there with Mona.”

“Alright.” Harold got out and shut the door. He lingered a moment longer. “We still friends?” 

Curtis nodded. “Wi, still friends.”

“Watch your back.”

“You too.”

——

Harold peeked into Chase’s bedroom to say goodnight, while his wife, Joanne, a slender red-haired woman with freckles, warmed up his dinner. Joanne fixed them both cups of coffee and sat down with him. “How’d your meeting with Ashe go?”

“We didn’t—he wasn’t at home.” Harold decided not to tell her the truth. He didn’t want to worry her. 

“Maybe you shouldn’t have taken Curtis with you.”

“I didn’t think it was good idea to go alone.”  

“Why are you still working with him?” Joanne said peevishly. “He’s not even on the force.” She rose, fixed his plate and set it in front of him. 

Harold cut off a piece of roast and stuck it in his mouth. “This is good, babe ... The Chief has us working a case.”

“I don’t think it’s a good idea,” Joanne trailed off and looked down into her cup.

Harold gazed at her quizzically. “We’ve known Curtis for years. Why are you down on him all of sudden?”

“I’m not. It’s just that—well, White Men United has been doing a lot of recruiting lately and some people … our people, they’re listening. They say colored folks have gotten too big, that they’re pushing us out.”

“Joanne, who’ve you been talking to?”

She averted her eyes again. “Nobody. I just hear things.” 

Harold stared at her, his appetite gone. The ambush at Ashe’s house, did she set us up? She could have without even knowing it. Just a whispered word in the wrong ear. On the heels of this, Curtis’ words were still fresh in his mind. “You got a blind spot when it comes to racism, like a lot of white folks.” Horror quietly and completely stole over him. “You know,” he said slowly, “if WMU has their way, they’ll reverse the Great Experiment.”

“Well,” Joanne was pleading now, “it wouldn’t affect us. We’re white. Right honey?”

He thought he might vomit. “Joanne, did you join White Men United?”

“No! I just—I don’t want you to get hurt.”

She’s lying. He knew he had to choose his next words carefully. “I know, babe. Maybe working with Curtis isn’t a good idea. I don’t wanna put you and Chase in danger. And I know,” he forced himself to say it, “I know WMU has our best interests at heart.” Did a tiny part of him believe this?

Joanne looked relieved. “Oh honey, I knew you’d understand.” She reached across the table and squeezed his hand. “I’ve been so worried.”

He forced himself to look at her, afraid to meet her eyes, afraid of what she’d see in his. “I’ll ask the Chief to take me off the case.” 

——

Curtis picked up a spare key from the desk. He opened the door to Mona’s room and found her sitting on the balcony in one of the wrought iron chairs, holding a cup of tea, staring out across the city. A pot of tea sat atop a copper plate on the dresser, beside another cup, a carafe of water, and glasses.

Mona heard him and walked back inside. “You’re back early.”

He poured himself a cup of tea. “Ashe set us up.”

_____

“So, this mysterious voice said you were walking into a trap?” 

Curtis nodded. “Wi. At first I thought he was trying to stop us from meeting Ashe. Until I saw those guys posted up outside his house ...” He told her the rest of what happened. 

He scowled. “I don’t know why these supernatural types have to be so damn cryptic all the time.” 

Mona smiled dryly. “Oh baby, didn’t you know? That’s part of the fun.”

“For them maybe. How’d it go at Richard’s.”

“Well, I locked his door. But seems like this is the night for being attacked.” 

“What happened?”

“I’ll tell you about it.” She rose, put her cup on the  dresser, slipped off everything but her chemise, and got into bed. Curtis finished his tea, undressed down to his under-trousers and climbed into bed beside her. They curled up next to each other, Mona’s head on his chest, and she told him about her encounter.

“I’m no expert, but that sounds like a sorcerer.”

She looked up at him. “Most definitely. If he had been there, I might not have survived. He scared the shit out of me.”

“You sure it was a he?”

“Positive. He’s white too. That’s all I could see. His features kept shifting.”

“He doesn’t want us know who he is,” Curtis said. “Secrecy’s his weapon.”

They were quiet for a while. “Junebug’s lady friend is Julia Dearborn,” he said, breaking the silence. “I’m gonna have to tell her husband tomorrow.” 

“Curtis, do you have to?”

“Baby, it’s my job. I took the man’s coins in good faith. Without her last name, all I can say is her identity is unconfirmed but that I’m reasonably sure it’s her. That’s the best I can do for now.”

Mona stroked his chest. “I’m going to send Elconia a post too, now that I have good news. Isis is alive. I just have to find her.”

“Can you put a protection spell around my folks and maybe Harold’s? I know it’s a lot to ask ...”

“I don’t mind. The thing is, the spell would be around their houses, not them. Unless I mark them like I did you and Harold.”

Curtis smiled wryly. “Mama would probably love that. Papa not so much.”

“I don’t think you have to worry about your folks. What would be the point in hurting them? Unless this sorcerer wants them for leverage. Then he’d have to let us know who he is. But I’ll still mark them if you want me to.” 

“So, what’s our next move?”

“You’re asking me?”

He smiled down at her. “Yeah, I’m asking you. This is your case.”

“Our case, and I don’t have a clue.”

Curtis stroked her shoulder. “Alright, what do we have so far? A kidnapped child who turns out to be a sorceress.”

“A sorcerer who might be working with White Men United,” Mona said. “Scratch that. He’s working with them. They keep popping up. And then there’s your voice. I sure hope he’s on our side.” 

“A doorway between worlds,” Curtis said, “and a Guardian who says she’s here to help you save our world.”

“Wait a minute!” Mona said. “My dream—I’d almost forgotten about it! In my dream, Richard was giving a speech, but he was surrounded by the dead.”

“When I first saw Opal, she was surrounded by the spirits of black folks murdered by Constables. And tonight, Harold and me were on the trail of dirty Constables. Yeah, it’s White Men United.”

“And the unmasked sorcerer, is probably pulling their strings,” Mona said. 

“The Constables who were killed, that’s Richard’s doing. That’s why he was in your dream.” 

She sighed. “We figured all this out, and there’re still too many pieces on the board.”

“Let this shit rest,” Curtis said, “at least for tonight … We’ll figure the rest out later.” He leaned down to kiss her softly. She climbed on top of him, and he wrapped his arms about her. “Mwen renmen w.” 

They stayed that way for a while, kissing and stroking each other. At length, she put her legs on either side of his, reaching down to unbutton her chemise. He unbuttoned his under-trousers ... entering her, his thrusts exquisitely slow … He lowered his mouth to her nipples, and she cupped his head grinding her hips to match his unhurried movements ... Taking refuge in each other’s embrace.

_______

Chapter 23: Divided Loyalties
Dressed in a cap, high-collar shirt, knee-length jacket and boots, Curtis climbed out of his steam-auto, while Mona, dressed in a mini-top hat, corset, blouse, and wine-colored skirt, got out on the passenger side. Curtis was treating her to brunch at Monterrey Cafe. They walked into the restaurant, sat at a table beside one of the glass windows, and ordered cheese omelets, toast, and coffee. 

Mona sipped her coffee. “Are you gonna send Dr. Dearborn a post?”

Curtis sliced into his egg. “I sent him one yesterday. I’m gonna pick up my posts and see what time he wants to meet.”

“What’s gonna happen to Julia?”

He shrugged. “Hard to say. Maybe he’ll divorce her, or maybe he’ll hold it over her head to try to make her behave. I get the feeling that Mark Dearborn loves his wife, and she probably loves him.”

Mona bit into piece of toast. “She might just want attention.”

“Helluva way to get it,” Curtis said dryly. “That Junebug, he’s quite a ladies’ man, n’est-ce pas?”

“Yes, he is. But you can’t blame him. If it wasn’t him, it would be somebody else.”

Curtis nodded and said no more. He had the feeling that Mona and Junebug might have made love. He knew they were close, and he’d been no saint during their breakups. Mona picked up on the tension and kept quiet as well.

They finished breakfast and Curtis drove to the postal building, a brick edifice with columns. Mona walked into the high-ceiling building and sat at a copper-topped table with envelopes scrolls, quill pens, and tiny jars of ink, while Curtis walked over to a gated window to pick up his messages. Now that she was here, she couldn’t figure out what she should say to Elconia. Finally she wrote: Isis is still alive. I’ve tracked her kidnappers to Monterrey. I’ll be in touch. She hesitated, then added: Keep the faith. 

——

Harold had just finished breakfast. Now, he was helping his wife clear the table. Chase, his nine-year-old son, red-haired and freckled like his mother, ran into the kitchen. He’d hastily dressed and was holding a ball.

“Can I go outside?” Chase asked.

“It’s kind of early,” Harold replied. “Who’re you gonna play with?”

“I just wanna play with my ball. I can’t do it in the house.” He bounced the ball on the floor and caught it.

“Don’t do that in the kitchen!” Joanne said.

“See,” Chase said, grinning.

Harold smiled indulgently and ruffled his son’s red hair. “Okay but stay in front of the front yard.” 

As he was leaving, Joanne walked up behind him. “Did you mean what you said last night? Are you really dropping the case?”

“Yeah, I am.” Harold kissed her goodbye and walked outside to his steam-auto. He stopped and looked back at the house. Joanne was standing at the window watching him.

On the way to the station, he had a sudden epiphany. He stopped at a print shop and brought ink, a quill pen and a scroll. He climbed back into his auto, wrote a note and let it dry. Then he folded it, put it in the pocket of his trousers, and drove to the Constabulary station. Inside the station, the tension was palpable. Half a dozen officers cast hostile looks in his direction. He remembered the demonstration and the Constables who’d refused to follow Maxwell’s orders. 

Some of them might have been at Ashe’s last night. What the hell have we become? 

Stone faced, Harold looked straight ahead and headed for the chief’s office. Before he could get there, he was waylaid by Melvin Ashe, a white man with thinning black hair and a moustache. “How’s it going Polanski? Can I talk to you for minute?”

Harold followed him into a deserted hallway. “What happened to you last night?” Melvin said in a low voice. “I waited half the night.”

Yeah, I just bet you did. 

The fact that Ashe was still alive, that he didn’t have so much as a bruise, spoke volumes. “I changed my mind. This is above my pay grade,” Harold said, matching Ashe’s low tones. “Let Internal Affairs handle it.”

Melvin narrowed his eyes. “You spoke to IA?”

“No,” Harold replied tersely. “You can talk to them if you want.”

Ashe visibly relaxed. “Maybe I will. You headed for the Chief’s office?”

This asshole is interrogating me. “I’m gonna take some vacation time.” Anger crept into Harold’s voice. “That alright with you?”

Ashe held his hands up, his eyes wide, trying and failing to look wounded. “Hey, I was just asking. No hard feelings alright?”

“Not on my part.” Harold turned his back on Ashe and headed for Maxwell’s office.

——

“I was wondering when you were gonna check in.”

“Yeah Chief, I uh—I need to take some time off.” 

Chief Maxwell gawked at his star detective. “What’s going on—?” 

Harold put his forefinger to his lips, pulled the scroll from his pocket and slid it across the Chief’s desk. It read: White Men United has infiltrated the force. Me and Curtis were ambushed last night. Melvin Ashe set it up. Watch your back. I’ll be in touch. Out loud Harold said. “I’m having some personal problems. I need to take a few days, maybe a week, to sort things out.”

Chief Maxwell stared at him. “Sure, Polanski,” he said at length. “If you need time, you need time. Just get the paperwork on my desk, and I’ll sign it.” 

He wrote, When will I hear from you? and handed it to Harold. 

Harold scribbled three words and handed it back. I don’t know.
 
______

Chapter 25: Grandmere
Dr. Dearborn’s office was wedged between two apartments buildings Downtown. It was only two houses down from the postal building. So, they decided to walk. Dr. Mark Dearborn, General Practitioner was painted on his door, and below it hung a hand-painted Open sign. 

Curtis opened the door, and they stepped inside. The noon sun was shining through circular windows outlined with brass. A wooden claw-foot desk centered the room. To their left, shelves of books lined the wall and to their right, beyond the outer office, were two more closed doors. Mark Dearborn, a tall fair-skinned man just shy of fifty with a receding hairline, was sitting at his desk behind a stack of papers.

“Good afternoon, Dr. Dearborn,” Curtis greeted him, “this is my partner, Mona Livelong. I hope you don’t mind me bringing her along. If you prefer, you and I can step into the next room.”

Mona extended her hand, “A pleasure to meet you, sir.” 

Dr. Mark Dearborn shook her hand, gazing at them with intense green eyes behind his spectacles. “No, it’s quite alright. I cleared my schedule for today, so we won’t be interrupted.”

They sat in the armchairs facing his desk, and Curtis told him what he’d discovered so far, finishing with what he’d told Mona last night, “At this point, the woman’s identity is unconfirmed. But based on your description, and her first name—”

“You’re sure it’s her,” Mark Dearborn finished.

“That’s right, sir. I’m sorry.”

Dr. Dearborn sat for a long moment, staring at some point beyond their heads. “I love my wife,” he said at length. “I’ve done all I can to make her happy. What does this man have, what do any of them have, that I don’t?”

“Your wife is a beautiful woman, but she’s getting older, n’est-ce pas? She wants to feel that she’s still attractive.” Curtis remembered Mona’s words. “Maybe she just wants attention.”

“Attention I can’t give her, I suppose,” Dr. Dearborn said dryly. “What do you suggest I do?”

“If you think you can save your marriage, fight for it. If not, divorce her.”

Mark Dearborn turned his intense gaze to Mona. “What about you, young lady? What do you think?”

Startled, Mona took a few moments to reply. “I agree with Curtis. If you don’t think you can save your marriage, then leave her. You deserve to be happy.”

The doctor nodded. He reached into his desk drawer pulled out a satchel and handed it to Curtis. “That’s five hundred coins. Continue surveillance for another week, and then report back to me. I want to be absolutely sure it’s Julia.”

_____

“Mona!” As Mona stepped through the door, Madeline grabbed her in a quick embrace. Madeline’s hair was pulled back into a thick bun and she wore a knee-length dress with a low bodice and short boots. “So good to see you, cherie. I’m glad Curtis finally decided to bring you for a visit.” 

Mona returned her smile. “It’s good to see you too, Mrs. Dubois. You’re looking as pretty as ever.”

“Mèsi, cherie. Come, let’s sit in the living area.”

They followed her into the living room. A tan carpet decorated with colored globes covered the floor. The room was furnished with overstuffed wine-colored chairs and a sofa. A brass-topped low chest centered the room, and atop it were two unlit oil lamps. Bay windows to their left afforded the room plenty of light.

The couple sat on the sofa. “Where’s Papa?” Curtis asked.

“Working on an auto. He’ll be back later this evening. I’ll fix us some cake and coffee.”

“Mrs. Dubois, you don’t have to go to all that trouble.”

“No trouble at all.”

In twenty minutes, Madeline had returned with a tray holding a silver coffee pot, containers of cream and sugar, three cups, three small plates, and another plate of pastries. She set the tray on the chest and poured three cups of coffee, prepared her own cup, and then sat in one of the wine-colored chairs. Curtis and Mona stirred cream and sugar in their cups.

“These look delicious,” Mona said, helping herself to a pastry. 

Madeline sipped her coffee. “So, how was the demonstration?”

“We were attacked,” Curtis said. “That’s why I didn’t want you and Papa to go.” 

“O non!” Madeline put her hand to her mouth. “Was anyone hurt?”

Curtis nodded, looking grim. “Wi, a few people were.”

“I’m so glad I listened to you, cheri. When will this madness end? Your Chief Maxwell should have you working on this, n’est ce pas?”

“We’re working on case connected to the shootings,” Mona said.

“Bon. Now to what do I owe this unexpected pleasure? Has my son moved out again? Have you come to tell me you’re finally getting married?”

“Not yet,” Curtis said shyly.

“No rush; stay as long as you like. But I do want grandchildren. I know you both would make good parents.”

Mona blushed. “Thank you.”

“Mama,” Curtis protested, “You’re embarrassing her, and you have grandchildren.” 

“Not from you,” Madeline quipped, smiling. 

“I’ve been staying at The Sojourner, while we work on the case.”

“You must tell me about this case.”

There was an awkward pause. “Well, it’s two cases actually. A gentleman hired me to tail his wife.”

“Ah,” Madeline smiled knowingly, “she is cheating.”

“He thinks so.”

“I’m working on a kidnapping case,” Mona added. “The thing is ...” she glanced at Curtis. 

“It overlaps with another case I’m handling for the Chief, and there are aspects of it that are ...” he fumbled for the right words.

Madeline’s eyes gleamed with interest. “Supernatural? Don’t look so shocked. It is a natural conclusion, n’est ce pas? Mona is, after all, a paranormal detective.”

“Curtis thought you and Mr. Dubois might be in danger,” Mona added. “I can put something around your house to protect you,” she couldn’t bring herself to say spell. “I could even uh, put something on your body— with your permission of course.”
 
“No need, cherie. My manman, Curtis’ Grandmere Michelle, she made a gris gris for both me and Mr. Dubois before we were married. There was a young woman who was very jealous of me. She thought he should marry her instead, and she was skilled in the arts. So, Manman, powerful in her own right, took steps to protect us.” 

Curtis and Mona gazed at her in stunned silence. “Mama, you never told me,” he said.

“I never could find the right time, until now,” Madeline replied. “You two go on and do what you have to. Don’t worry about me and Papa. We’ll be fine.”
 
——

They walked out to Curtis’ steam-auto. “Mrs. Dubois is something else.” 

“Yes, she is.” Curtis hunkered down to turn the crank.

“You alright? That was some pretty explosive news.”

“It actually explains a lot.” Curtis got to his feet, his face thoughtful. “Mama likes you—I mean really likes you. She never thought I should be with anybody else.”

“Does that make you angry?”

“Non, bebe.” They climbed into the auto.

As they pulled away from the curb, a voice spoke from their backseat. “Good evening, I’m William.”
 
____

Chapter 26: William 
“Ki bagay si!” Curtis exploded, almost crashing into the curb. He glared at the small dark man through his rearview mirror. “Where the hell did you come from?”

“I followed you and Miss Livelong and hid in your backseat.”

“Followed us in what?”

Mona turned around in her seat, gazing intently at William, sending out her supernatural antenna. Reading him. She sensed no evil. Instead, there was vacuum, as if she was probing thin air. It was unsettling. 

“How did you know where to find us?” she asked.

“I know a great deal about you and Curtis.”

“I recognize your voice!” Curtis said. “You were at Ashe’s house last night.”

“That’s right.”

“Are you human?” Mona asked. “‘Cause I have the feeling you’re not.”

“No young lady, I’m not human. I’m a Guardian.”

They were entering the Downtown area. “Pull over,” William said. Curtis pulled up alongside the curb and put the auto in park. “There is a plot, orchestrated by DA Joe McIntyre, to replace high ranking politicians— including Governor Mekins— with White Men United operatives. This plot will succeed, unless you help me stop it.”

Curtis turned around in his seat. “Don’t you people talk to each other?” he said testily. “Opal already told Mona North America was in danger. She didn’t say a word about McIntyre.”

“Opal and I are both Guardians,” William replied calmly. “I know of the danger to your world. But I had to wait for the right time to come forward.”

“Why don’t we start over?” Mona said. “How do you know about McIntyre’s plans?”

“Joe McIntyre is a sorcerer. I’m his personal valet.”

Speechless, Curtis and Mona gazed at him, both trying to process this revelation. And on the heels of this they wondered: was he an ally? Or an agent provocateur leading them to their death? 

“The DA is a sorcerer?” Curtis asked. 

William nodded “Oh yes, he’s spent months setting this up, playing the fool for the press.” His face hardened. “But I know him for what he is. And he has the child you’re looking for.”

“Isis!” Mona breathed.

“She too is a powerful sorceress. But her power is in its infancy, so she can’t fight him. Not yet. He plans to sacrifice her at midnight.”

Curtis and Mona cut their eyes at each other. You getting anything from him?” 

Mona shook her head. “No. The back seat might as well be empty.” She glared at William. “That means you’re hiding something. Or lying.” 

“How do we know we can trust you?” Curtis added. “You could be setting us up, n’est ce pas?”

William smiled humorlessly. “That’s almost exactly what you said to me last night—right before I saved your life.” 

“I have a question for you,” Mona said. “You and Opal are both Guardians. Why don’t you stop him?”

“I was thinking the same thing,” Curtis growled.

“Opal is one of the Guardians of Tundra. But her powers are limited in this dimension. She showed you the doorway and cast a drawing spell over The Sojourner to call you to it and protect you inside its walls, but she is forbidden to interfere any further.”

“That still leaves you,” Curtis countered.

“You want answers. Fair enough.” William propped his arms up on the seat. “Give me your hands.” 

For a long moment they hesitated. Could they trust him? 

They took his hands ... 
 
... And appeared on the Northern edge of town, on the cobblestones across the street from DA Joe McIntyre’s two-story mansion. Mona and Curtis looked down at their bodies. Their forms were shadowy and translucent. This will have to be quick, William said. His lips didn’t move; they heard his voice in their minds. These are only our spirit forms. Our bodies are still in the auto. But McIntyre’s wards might detect us.

He floated toward the house, dragging the couple with him. They materialized inside the mansion on the second floor. William walked through the first door on the right and they followed. Inside, Isis sat on a double bed. Her eyes were red from crying. She looked up quickly, her eyes searching the room. She had sensed them. 

William rushed back through the door. She must not see us! Not yet! He pointed to the last door on the right. That’s Mcintyre’s office. We dare not try to enter, even in spirit form, while he lives.

He moved down and still further down to the lowest level of the house. There, in a windowless room, a half-circle had been etched onto a raised platform. Pegs for the wrists and ankles had been screwed into the surface. Their positioning made it obvious that a child would be placed on this surface. Beside it, two curved knives lay on a smaller table. The scene shifted, and they felt themselves traveling backwards in time ... A naked man and woman lay on the same symbol, this time etched into the floor, their limbs intertwined in embrace. As their cries of orgasm rose, the half-circle glowed blood red, and the light covered them. The illumination shot upward, and the couple saw the same demonic symbol emblazoned on the ceiling.

“Joe McIntyre is not human. His parents made a deal with a daemon before his birth. This house is a shrine to that same daemon, which gives him even more power. After tonight, if he is allowed to sacrifice Isis, he will have her blood in his veins. If that happens, even our power combined will not be 
enough to stop him.”

“And he will tear our worlds asunder.” 

Moments later, they were back in the auto facing William. He disengaged his hands, pulled a scroll from his pocket and handed it to Mona. “This is his address. His house is heavily warded. You won’t be able to go inside while he’s alive, but the others will. You should plan to go at ten pm. McIntyre will be preparing for the ceremony, and he will be distracted. I’ll leave the downstairs windows open. There are guards on the first floor; others are interspersed across the property.”  William gazed at Mona. “Kill the outside guards if you must, but only if you must because McIntyre’s wards will detect your magic.”

Curtis frowned. “What about me, Harold, Junebug? We all have supernatural abilities. Won’t that trigger his wards?”

“You and Richard weren’t born with them, and Junebug is a spirit, so you won’t be detected. Get in, get Isis, and get out.”

“What are you gonna do?” Mona asked.

“Once you rescue her, I’m going to kill McIntyre.” 

Curtis shook his head. “This doesn’t sound right. Why can’t you kill him now? Why do you need us?”

“I needed to know what the rest of his plans were— plans that already been set in motion. There are names and dates locked in his office. I can’t get in there while he’s alive.”

“That still doesn’t answer my question,” Curtis insisted. “Why can’t you kill him now? Why wait till tonight?” 
 
William stared into Curtis’ eyes. “Because I’m not strong enough,” he said quietly. “Once you rescue Isis, McIntyre will know. He’ll be angry and he’ll drop his guard. He’ll come after you, leaving the house. That’s when I’ll strike.” 

“But if I don’t survive, you must carry on the fight without me. Are you with me?”

There was a weighted silence.

“Yes.”

“Wi.”

“Until tonight then.” The Guardian got out and walked up the street, disappearing from sight.

It wasn’t until William was gone, that they realized he hadn’t mentioned Harold’s name once. 

Or the doorway.

_____

When they got back to The Sojourner, Harold was waiting in the lobby. He jumped to his feet when he saw them, his face flushed and anxious. “Can we talk?”

“Wi, let’s go to the room.”

 _______


“I think Joanne might be working with WMU.”

Curtis raised his brows. “Are you for real?” 

Beside him, Mona’s face twisted in shock. “Joanne? Uh-uh!” 

“I don’t know what to do,” Harold sank down in a chair, looking miserable. “I can’t work this case. Not now.”

“I can’t believe it,” Mona said almost to herself. We’ve been to their house, eaten at their table! 

“She told me I shouldn’t be working with you. She said a bunch of other stuff too.” Harold shared the conversation he’d had with Joanne. “Those bastards might’ve been in my house, around my son.” 

Curtis eyed him grimly. “That’s fucked up man. I don’t know what to say, except be careful. WMU is dangerous. And they do kill white folks.” He felt sorry for his old friend. But a cold calculating part of him wasn’t even surprised. Joanne’s treachery was a reckoning. I told you. You white folks don’t get it. She chose the winning side. Or so she thinks. 

Harold blushed deep red, right down to his collar. “I already talked to the Chief. I’m taking some time off.” He got to his feet, avoiding their eyes. “I—I gotta fix this. Stay away from the house until I send you a post.”

After he’d left, Curtis turned to Mona. “Mezami, ain’t that some shit?”

——

Joanne doesn’t know what she’s gotten into.

Harold remembered he hadn’t eaten since breakfast. He stopped at a vendor’s cart, bought a sandwich, ate half of it, and threw the rest of it on the passenger seat. He drove to The Airship.

He went inside, sat at the bar, and ordered a beer. As Harold sat mulling over his drink, five white men walked into the pub. Three sat at a table behind him, the others sat at the bar. A burly white man on Harold’s right made eye contact with the bartender, and he passed them bottles. 

Harold finished his drink, got up, and walked down the hallway to the lavatory. The men got up and followed him.

As he reached the lavatory door, the burly man smashed him over the head with a bottle. “N***** lover!”

Harold staggered, the etchings beneath his shirt gleaming gold. He spun and punched the man hard—driving him against the wall. The others closed in on him.

Harold pulled his musket from his belt. He took a punch to his head, and another to his stomach. He knocked one opponent out with his weapon and was smashed in the head again. This time he went down. Cursing, one of the men kicked him in the midsection. Harold cried out as red-hot pain engulfed him. He grabbed the man’s leg, pulled it toward him and pushed—toppling him … the last two attacked and a third got to his feet and joined in, kicking him along the length of his body.

I’m gonna die here ...

One man was pulled away. Through the fog that was now his vision, Harold saw someone throw an attacker down the length of the hallway, smashing him into the wall at the end. A flurry of punches exploded above him. A figure was blurring from one man to the other— moving so fast Harold could barely follow him. The bartender ran down the hall and was met with an uppercut that knocked him cold.

In minutes it was over, and they lay sprawled about the hall. A dark elderly man smudged into view. The stranger stood over him. He extended his hand and helped him to his feet. Then he retrieved Harold’s musket, handed it to him and waited while the detective re-holstered it.

“Thank you. You saved my life.” How the hell did he move that fast? Harold surveyed the damage. “If you don’t mind, could you hang around to give a statement. You witnessed this shit show.”

William gazed at him with dark eyes. “Don’t worry, Detective Polanski. I have no intentions of leaving.”

Harold’s jaw dropped. “You—! You were at Ashe’s last night! Are you following me? Did you set this up?!”

“I believe I just saved your life,” William replied calmly. “Why don’t you get cleaned up? Then we can talk.” 

Harold stared at him a moment longer, then walked into the lavatory. He relieved himself and spat blood in the toilet. He was surprised there was no blood in his urine. Or for that matter that he was even alive. He left the stall and washed his bruised face, then used the towel to clean the glass from his hair. There was another bruise in the top of his head that was sore to the touch, but the blood had already begun to clot. Mona’s spell had helped him survive the beating— was helping him even now to heal.

His head was spinning. Joanne did this. I don’t think  she set me up to be murdered, but she’s involved with WMU. It can’t be a coincidence. But who was the elderly man that had saved his life. He’s old enough to be my father! How’d he take those assholes out?

When he left the lavatory, his rescuer was waiting beside the door. “I’m glad we finally got a chance to meet, Harold. Though I wish it was under different circumstances. I’m William, by the way, your Guardian.” 

“My Guardian? My Guardian what? Angel?”

William smiled humorlessly. “You could say that. Are you strong enough to drive?” 

Harold frowned. “Am I—?”

“If you’re not, I’ll drive you. You and your family need to take a train out of the city. Your friends will need you alive for the battle that’s to come.”

“Wait a got-damned minute!” Harold bristled. “I don’t care who—!”

“Listen to me!” William cut him off. “There is a price on your head!” At this Harold’s eyes widened. “This is the second time I’ve saved your life. But there may not be a third. You must trust me if you want to survive.” 

The fight drained out of Harold. “Alright, I’m listening.”

“Your wife has joined White Men United’s ranks There is a high ranking WMU official who wants Joanne for himself. If you stay, he will take your family as his own and murder you. Leave on the first train. Send Curtis a post when you’re settled. He’ll let you know when it’s safe to come back.” 

Harold nodded toward his prone attackers. “What about them?”

William smiled humorously. “They’re still alive. Unfortunately. But, trust me, they won’t be pressing any charges.” He extended his hand. Harold shook it, his head still spinning. “Until we meet again, Detective.” William turned on his heel and left. Harold stood for a moment staring after him. 

He got moving.

_______

His bruised face and bloody clothing were all it had taken to convince Joanne to board a train and head to Quincy, and his mother’s house, with him. She was racked with guilt— knowing that she’d played a part in her husband almost being murdered. She kept glancing around the depot, fearfully searching every face, looking for assassins.

Harold moved closer and whispered in her ear, “Until we stop White Men United, none of us are safe.” There. That would give her something to think about on the train ride. 

______
Chapter 27: Coup d’é·tat
On the northern edge of town, the four stood on the cobblestones across the street from Joe McIntyre’s two-story mansion. Mona could feel the sorcerer’s wards, like tiny insects, crawling along the length of her body. She bit her lip and resisted the urge to back away, to turn and flee from this street.

“Reveal,” she whispered. Mona lifted her arms, fingers spread. 

The sorcerer’s magic smudged into view, a catacomb of multicolored strands covering the house and the lawn. The strands separated and began to crawl about the grounds. William had told the truth. Until McIntyre was dead there was no way she could even set foot on his lawn.

“Be careful,” she said.  

Curtis nodded. The three men crept across the street. They lifted the downstairs windows and climbed inside. The house was totally dark, except for the light shining from the upstairs to his right. He spied a hulking figure in the archway leading to the stairs and sprang forward—locking him in a sleeper hold, one arm wrapped about his neck, and the other over his head. Curtis pulled the guard to him and strangled him. He laid the body down and crept forward.

Across the hall, Junebug possessed the first guard. He’d left Reynaldo sleeping at the inn. He preferred his own ghostly form when working with Mona. A physical body would only slow him down. 

Richard stabbed the second guard. Junebug took the knife from him and pulled it across the guard’s throat, while he was still inside him, then fled the dying man’s body.  “Y’all get the little girl,” Junebug whispered. “I’ll watch for McIntyre.”

Curtis and Richard climbed the stairs, while Junebug stood at the stairwell leading to the third level. At the top of the stairs, was a long, carpeted hallway with doors on either side. Oil lamps affixed to the left and right walls gave off light.

Outside the mansion, in the shadows, a silent figure looked on.
 
——

In the lowest level of the house, in the sub- basement, DA Joe McIntyre stood stripped to the waist: his eyes closed, chanting, his body oiled and covered with daemonic symbols. 

Soon now, so soon. Her blood will flow in my veins.

McIntyre opened his eyes in the darkness. He could sense the two men creeping up the stairs, and a third standing on the ground level. 

But he isn’t a man. He’s a spirit. He smiled in the darkness. I been hunting them, and they walk right into my hands! No doubt they thought because they’re human I wouldn’t feel them. McIntyre chuckled. There is one more, a sorceress ... Where is she? 

McIntyre walked over to the door and pulled a drop cord. A clanging reverberated throughout the house and across the grounds. In the hallway, doors were flung open and seven guards rushed out to surround Curtis, Richard and Isis. 

——

Mona heard the clanging. Her eyes, accustomed to the darkness, spied seven men, running from opposite sides of the house. He knows we’re here!  She whispered, “Leve epi detwia!” and raised her hands — palms facing outward—lifting two men from the ground and slamming them into the house. Blood trickled from her nose. Sorcery performed without preparation came with a price—

——

“There you are!” McIntyre closed his hands into fists and spoke the mantra. Cords wrapped themselves about Mona, holding her prisoner. Chuckling again, he left the basement and climbed the stairs.

Outside, the five remaining guards whirled on their heels, searching the darkness for her. Unable to spot her, they ran inside the house. McIntyre met the guards on the first floor. “This situation is contained!” he barked. “Return to your posts!”

——
 
Richard clapped his hands together. Nothing happened.

“That shit don’t work here, boy!” a rail thin guard sneered. “This house won’t stand for it!” He turned to Isis, “Go back to your room.”

The little girl glared up at him. “No!”

Suddenly he jerked, turned, and shot the guard beside him.

“What the hell?”a guard sputtered.

The thin guard, now possessed by Junebug, shot a second one. Seizing on the confusion, Richard and Curtis rushed the guards. 

They froze. 

The DA stepped onto the second floor. He walked over to Richard, held in stasis by his spell. McIntyre eyed him contemptuously, “So this is the darkie who thought he could take me down?” he said in his heavy southern drawl. “I been hunting you, boy.” He turned to Curtis. “And you’re the newcomer. I could have killed you months ago, but I wanted to know where your power came from.” His lips spread in a cold smile. “And you’re gonna tell me, oh yes ... Now where is the ghost?” His eyes searched the guards. “Show yourself!” The thin guard’s chest glowed blood red. Joe raised  his hand and pressed it against the guard’s chest. As Junebug tried to flee, a gossamer net appeared—snaring him. “Gotcha!” Joe whispered a mantra releasing everyone. The guards’ leveled their weapons at the prisoners.

McIntyre turned and waved his hands over the bodies of the slain guards, still whispering. The corpses disappeared. His men looked on, admiration and fear in their eyes. “William!” The DA called. There was no answer. He frowned. “Carl, take Isis back to her room.”

“No!” Isis shouted. Her bottom lip trembled. Tears ran down her cheeks. “I wanna go home!”

“Isis,” McIntyre said softly, “We talked about this. If you ever wanna see your family again, you must follow my orders.”

“You ’bout a lowdown motherfucker!” Richard spat.

A guard punched him the face. “Watch your mouth, boy! That’s DA McIntyre you talking to!”

Isis glared up at McIntyre. But she followed Carl, a heavyset guard with blond hair to the room. Carl walked back out. “You want me to search the house for William?”

“No, secure the prisoners in the interrogation room. I have to finish the ceremony.” Joe wagged the hand that held Junebug captive. “I’ll take care of this one myself.”

“You keeping them alive, boss?” 

McIntyre’s face creased in annoyance. “How am I gonna question them if they’re dead?”

“I ain’t telling you shit!” Curtis said. A guard punched him in the stomach, and he doubled over while Richard looked on, both men’s eyes burning with hatred.

Joe chuckled. “Oh yes you will, boy. Might not be much of you left afterwards, but you’ll talk.”

“I wanna work them over,” Carl said petulantly. “They killed my men.”

“Have your fun, but leave them alive and awake,” Joe smiled humorlessly. “You can help me question the witch later.” 

His men followed him downstairs. While they secured Richard and Curtis, he opened the door beside them and aimed his palm in the corner. The net holding Junebug detached from his hand and affixed itself to the wall.

He locked eyes with a glowering Junebug. “I’ve heard a great deal about you, ghost. The infamous Larry ‘Junebug’ Walker. We’re gonna have a grand old time, you and me, oh yes.”
 
——

Across the street, Mona stood immobile—barely able to breathe. Their ambush had failed, and she was helpless. The sorceress had whispered every spell she could think off. None of them had any effect. Where the hell is William?

With growing terror Mona realized that they’d been lured into an elaborate trap.

——

D.A. Joe McIntyre stepped into the bedroom. He smiled down at Isis, a smile that didn’t reach his eyes. “It’s time to go home, Isis,” he said softly. Inside his mind he willed her to sleep. “Take a nap. When you wake, you’ll find yourself in your own bed.”

Isis glared up at him. “You lying— I know you lying! You gonna kill me!”

In that moment, McIntyre could feel the power radiating from her in waves. If she were full grown— if unleashed—she could have killed him where he stood. He nearly backed away. His own fear angered him. Little bitch! How dare she defy him? “Sleep, damn you!” 

Isis closed her eyes and fell back on the bed. Joe McIntyre bent and lifted her in his arms. He left the bedroom and walked down the stairs to the lowest level of the house.

____

Chapter 28: Sacrifice
Curtis and Richard sat with their hands tied behind their backs. Both men’s faces and clothing were bloody. The room only had one door and was without windows. A small table beside them held a variety of knives. They eyed the table, and looked down at the bloodstains beneath the chair, their hearts beating a drum. McIntyre was right. Under torture everybody talked. Eventually.

Above them, the ceiling turned blood red.

——

D.A. Joe McIntyre stood over Isis, clothed only in a pair of voluminous trousers. He held a knife in each hand, his chanting slow and measured. Ripples of blood ran down the walls, and the symbol beneath Isis’ body glowed, red luminescence covering her body, and the signet appeared on the ceiling. Adrenaline surged through McIntyre, and he felt his loins harden. He wanted to hurry.

No. This has to be done just right.

“I’m sorry,” a voice said from behind him, “but I must interrupt.”

Joe McIntyre whirled on his heel to face William. “What the hell are you doing here?” he snarled. “I called for you earlier!”

William’s eyes were obsidian. “I came to kill you.”

McIntyre’s eyes widened in shock. “Kill me? What—?” In the next breath he was inundated with the Guardian’s power. He was drowning in it. This entity had hidden from him. Until now. 

He’s ain’t human. This darkie ain’t human! 

McIntyre glared at William with incoherent rage. All this time and I never knew—I never knew! “You black bastard! My family took care of you! I trusted you! I loved you!

“Love?” William spat. “You, whose ancestors enslaved and tortured men, women and children! You are a murderer—a defiler of innocents! There is not one drop of love in your vile spirit!”

The walls of the house rippled and howled in answer. With a cry of rage, Joe McIntyre dropped the knives. Two fiery spheres appeared in his cupped hands. He threw one, then the other. William morphed left, caught one and—wincing in pain—launched it back. The other sphere hit the wall and splattered, sizzling into the brick.

McIntyre dodged his own deadly circlet, and two more appeared in his hands. “This house is the center of my power!” he shrilled. “You cannot defeat me here!” 

He threw them and William punted left, then right, catching one in his already burned hand and launching it back. The other splattered against the bricks. McIntyre threw two more deadly spheres—then two more. William bent backward his body forming an inhuman bow. One barely clearing his shoulder. He caught a circlet and dodged left, throwing it at McIntyre, who morphed right to avoid it. The next one struck William’s shoulder and the last, his heart. He fell to the floor, the spheres sizzling into his flesh, blood pouring from the wounds. 

And was still.

McIntyre laughed manically and turned back to Isis.

A shape blurred from William. Junebug appeared before him, a curved knife in his hand.

——

William had come to Junebug, while McIntyre was upstairs. The chamber was unlocked and there was no guard inside. Why would there be? There was no way for Junebug to escape. McIntyre had become overconfident and sloppy, which was just what William had counted on.

He met two guards standing before the room that held Richard and Curtis. He could hear others beating the men inside. They smirked at him. “The DA was looking for you,” one of them said. “Where were you?”

“I heard all that noise and I got scared,” William replied. He stretched his eyes wide to imitate fear, and the men chuckled contemptuously. “Mr. McIntyre told me to check this room,” he pointed next door. “I need make sure everything is alright.”

“Yeah, go on.”

William walked inside and shut the door behind him. He stood before Junebug’s cage, his eyes dark and solemn. “I need your help,” he whispered. “It is the only way to defeat McIntyre. And we may not survive.” 

After a moment’s hesitation the ghost nodded. “Alright,” he rumbled. “You know what to do?” 

“Yes.” 

The Guardian extended his hand through the gossamer cage. The ghost took his hand. And they merged. William/Junebug walked back out past the guards, who barely spared them a glance.

_____

In one sweeping motion, Junebug sliced the curved knife across Joe McIntyre’s throat. McIntyre’s head rolled to the floor. His body collapsing beside it. The house howled in rage— a synergy of a wounded beast’s cry and a human scream. 

“Shut up!” Junebug rumbled.

“Hey Junebug.” The child’s eyes were open, and she was watching him intently.

It was startling. I thought she was knocked out? “Uh, hey sugar, how’d you know my name?” A moment later he knew. Energy was coming off her in waves.

Isis smiled. “I dreamed about you.”

Boy, she’s gon’ be something else. “I’m gon’ get you outta here.” He untied her bonds, lifted her in his arms and set her on the floor. They made their way upstairs.

——

Mona’s bonds loosened and fell away. The catacomb of wards vanished.  McIntyre is dead! Mona race across the grass. The moment she reached the windows they slammed shut. What the hell—?! Then she felt it: the malevolent energy of the house, enraged that McIntyre was dead.

Mona extended both hands and whispered. The window before her shattered, and she climbed inside. She crept through the archway leading to the hallway. She nearly tripped over a body. More bodies lay on floor across the hall. The house shrieked. 

——

The guards jumped at the sound, looking about uneasily. “Mr. McIntyre should have been here by now,” Carl said, scowling. “Where is he?”

He turned his back on Curtis and Richard, grumbling with two other guards. The prisoners cut their eyes at each other. They had been twisting their hands trying to get free. Now that the guards were distracted, Curtis and Richard redoubled their efforts.

——

Mona peered at their faces. Even in the darkness she could tell Curtis and Richard weren’t among the dead. Where are they?

She heard someone coming up the stairs and whirled about, a spell ready on her lips. It was Junebug. He was holding a Isis’ hand. He held a finger to his lips. 

“Are Richard and Curtis alright?” she whispered.

“I think they downstairs.”  

“Thank God! Where’s William?”

“Dead. He helped me kill McIntyre.” Mona looked  down at Isis, and Junebug shrugged. “She saw everything.”

“We gotta get them outta here!” Mona said. 

Junebug nodded grimly. Suddenly he hissed a warning and pushed her to the floor. An oil lamp had detached itself from the wall and was speeding through the air toward her head. It hit the wall behind them and shattered. Paintings rattled on the wall.

Mona looked up to see a bodyguard with gleaming red eyes climbing through the window. Others were banging at the door. Junebug rushed over—

“Don’t possess him!” Mona cried. “It’s the house!” 

She fell to her knees and shut her eyes, using her terror and rage to gather energy, while Junebug grappled with the possessed guards. More were running up the steps toward her. All faded to the backdrop of her mind.

She whispered her most dangerous spell. The Ombeni Wafu. The Plea for the Dead.
_____

Suddenly the guards stiffened, and turned as one, their eyes gleaming with a red luminescence. The other two pushed the door open.

“Shit!” 

“NOW!” Curtis shouted.

They pulled their hands free. Curtis dived for the table with the knives and turned it over. The guards drew their muskets as one. They aimed. Suddenly they froze, gazing up at the ceiling. Richard and Curtis cut their eyes at each other—

——

The moment the words left her lips, Mona’s eyes turned black, waves of myriad- colored smoke streaming upward from them. The house fell silent—she could feel it tremble. The sound of drums, palms upon stretched skin echoed throughout the house, and a song in a language Mona could not understand. Yet she did. 

“Mpendwa tunakuja ...” Beloved, we are coming ... An undulating cry shook the walls. Shadows swirled about Mona, in a slow vortex, taking shape … Her face and body barely visible beneath them. 

The spirits of the dead.

Mona stood. “Take Isis upstairs—!” she shouted. Junebug scooped up the child and raced up the stairs.

Mona spread her arms.  And let them take her. The spirits of murdered men and women, swirled about her, pulling away from her, attacking the guards. Simone, light-brown and slender like her brother, emerged. She looked back at Mona and smiled tenderly ... then ripped a guard’s head off.

Guards rushed up the stairs and into the room. Richard and Curtis, armed with knives, ran behind them. They pulled up short, staring open-mouthed at Mona. Spirits fell upon the screaming guards, biting chunks from their flesh … severing heads from necks. Tears of joy rolled down Mona’s cheeks. She fainted.

——

She awoke laying in Curtis’ arms. He was cradling her body on the floor. “We did it,” she said weakly.

“Yeah, we did.”

“I’m so hungry!”

He grinned down at her. “Well, at least I know it’s you. There must be something to eat in this house of horrors.”

_____

Richard broke the knob to the DA’s office and pushed the door open. A gust of wind swept pass them. The last of Joe McIntyre’s sorcery. They fumbled about and found matches on a low table and lit the oil lamps affixed to the wall, revealing a carpeted room with bookshelves on either side. A cherry-wood desk with a cushioned chair centered the room and, behind this, a round window encircled in brass. Minutes later, Curtis and Mona joined them.

Richard searched about and pulled a scroll from the top drawer. He spread it over the top of the desk. Seven names were written on the scroll. The governor’s name was written at the top.

“This is it!” he said. “When the torch is lit,” he read, “the bearer of the torch will carry it to the next house. At the end of the slaughter, Governor Mekins will be murdered. This will start a civil war in Monterrey. All colored will be cleansed from North America … Councilman Henry Burr, WMU’s candidate, will take the governor’s office.”

“Here’s the names of Constables on his payroll … and more folks on his hit list.”

“McIntyre is dead,” Curtis said. 

“Cut off the head and the snake dies,” Junebug rumbled.

Mona looked grim. “But Henry Burr is still alive.”

“He’s different now,” Isis interrupted. The four adults looked down at her. They’d forgotten she was in room.

“How you know that, sugar?” Junebug asked. 

“He came to get me.”

“Henry Burr was here?” Mona said.

Isis nodded. “But he left. He’s in the other place now.”

Junebug stared at her for long moment. “She knows what she’s talking about, too.” She got power, baby. Mona heard his voice in her mind, power like you.

“The other place. That’s got to be the doorway,” Curtis said.

Mona nodded. “Uh-huh.” And we still have no clue how to shut it. 

“What now?” Richard asked. 

“We send the governor a post,” Curtis said, “let her know her life is in danger. We get this evidence to The Monterrey Press.”

“Richard, you got anybody on the paper you trust? Mona asked.

“Matter of fact, I do.

“Them is all good ideas,” Junebug interrupted. “Now let’s get the hell outta here before the Constables show up. We left bodies everywhere.” The ghost looked down at Isis, “Scuse me, baby.”

She gazed up at him. “When I can I go home? I miss my mama.”

_____

Epilogue
Mona and Isis were riding the train back to Clearwater. She’d sent a post to Isis’ mother, telling her that Isis had been found. Curtis had stayed over to finish up Dr. Dearborn’s case and Junebug to finish his weekend with Julia. Richard had met with his newspaper contact that morning. The Monterrey Press had stopped the printer to include his story in the afternoon news. It was a strange combination of affairs and anyone’s guess how it would end.

Mona looked down at Isis, engrossed in a book she’d brought for her. She’s so calm. I know children are tough, but I hope she’s not in shock.

Suddenly she noticed the man sitting across the aisle from her, his dark face vaguely familiar. 

He looked up and smiled, extending a copy of The Monterrey Press. “Would you like this? I’ve finished reading it.

His voice! “Yes, thank you,” she managed, taking the proffered newspaper. On the front page the headline read:

Assassination Attempt Foiled A plot to assassinate Governor Shirley Mekins has been revealed by an anonymous source.


There were names, and dates of the planned coup. Mona scrolled down to find the second headline:
 
DA Joe McIntyre Found Murdered
DA Joe McIntyre was found dead in his mansion last night, along with fifteen of his personal guards. His valet, William Carver, is missing. A citywide manhunt is underway for Carver, as he is suspected to be the last person to see the DA alive.

Reading the last story, Mona chuckled. Isis looked up and put her hand on Mona’s arm, peering over at the paper. “What’s so funny?”

Mona smiled down at Isis, her new protégée. “I’ll tell you when you’re older.” She looked over at the seat across from her to find that the man had vanished. 

——
 
That night, Mona dreamed ...  Henry Burr hid in the shadows, as she stood trapped. Once McIntyre was dead, he’d watched Mona run to house. He’d crept behind her, careful not to be seen, peered inside the window, and saw them— saw Junebug holding the child’s hand.

Isis is safe!

A voice screamed inside his mind, Kill them! Kill them all!

No! 

You dare to defy us? You will spend your last days as a beast!

He raced, with preternatural speed, back to his own house, the hectoring voice still shouting in his head. He took a musket from his study. Only after he’d stepped through the doorway into Topaz did the voice fall silent.

It spoke only once more, Kill the Others. Then you’ll be free.

He crept to Karla’s brownstone holding the weapon. Waiting for her. After twenty minutes, the tall dark woman opened the door of her building and walked down the steps. Dropping the musket, Henry rushed from the shadows—startling Karla. She growled, baring her fangs, her own transformation into wolf begun.

Henry fell on his knees before her, tears streaming down his cheeks. “Help me! Please help me!”

A figure appeared behind the prostrate Henry, and Karla’s eyes widened … a tall dark man wearing a tuxedo jacket and top hat with a golden band. A man with a young face, and timeless coal-black eyes. In his right hand he held a smoldering cigar. 

Papa Twilight spoke, his voice a rich baritone, “Bonsaw cherie; don’t be afraid.” His full lips curled in a tiny smile, and Karla felt her body warm as if he’d touched her. “He wants saving, n-est ce pas? I can help with that.” 

To be continued ...

___

Haitian Creole Translations
Cherie Sweetheart, love
Bonswa Good afternoon; Good evening
Dakò Okay
Di ou mèsi ti bebe Thank you baby
Eskize m Excuse me 
Fout monchè! Damn it! Crap! 
Goumen Fight, dispute
Ki bagay si What the fuck
Legim Beef or crab stew that usually includes eggplant, cabbage, spinach, and watercress, but can include many more vegetables 
Manman Mama
Mayi Moulen ak Sòs Pwa, Poul an Sòs Cornmeal with beans and stewed chicken 
Mèsi Thank you
Merci bebe Thank you baby
Modi! Damn!
Mwen fin mennen batay ou pa ka imajine I have fought battles you cannot imagine
Mwen renmen w I love you
Mezanmi Wow
N’est-ce pas Is it not so?
Orage Storm
Ou kòrèk You are correct
Poul Ak Nwa a dish is made with chicken and cashews
Sa ki lanfè a? What the hell?
Sa w genyen? What’s wrong?
Se pa pal Unquestionably, for sure
Son bon Sounds good
Wi Yes

____

Swahili Translations
Kuja kwangu mpendwa wangu kwa maana ni kisasi mimi 
kutafuta. Come to me my beloved, for it is vengeance I seek
Mimi kuja kutoka kupendwa; huwezi kunidhuru. I come from love; you cannot harm me.
Kisasi ni yetu watu wangu. Vengence is mine, my people

_____


French Translations

Ma voix est puissante My voice is powerful

__________________
Author’s Biography

Valjeanne Jeffers is a speculative fiction author, screenwriter, a Spelman College graduate, a member of the Carolina African American Writers’ Collective (CAAWC) and the Horror Writers Association (HWA). She is the author of ten books, including her Immortal series and her most recent Mona Livelong: Paranormal Detective series. She also co-edited the erotic speculative fiction anthologies, Scierogenous: An Anthology of Erotic Science Fiction and Fantasy Volumes I and II (with Quinton Veal), and she was chosen as a Seer (2016) by the Horror Writers Association (HWA). Her writing has been published in numerous anthologies including: The City: A Cyberfunk Anthology; Steamfunk!; Genesis Science Fiction Magazine; The Ringing Ear: Black Poets Lean South (as Valjeanne Jeffers-Thompson); Griots: A Sword and Soul Anthology; Liberated Muse I: How I Freed My Soul; PurpleMag; Drumvoices Revue; Griots II: Sisters of the Spear; Possibilities; Say it Loud, and Black Gold. 

Most recently she was published in: Luminescent Threads: Connections to Octavia E. Butler (winner of the Locus Award, nominated for the Hugo award); Fitting In; Sycorax’s Daughters (nominated for the Bram Stoker Award); 100 Black Women in Horror; Black Magic Women; The Bright Empire; Black Celebration, All The Songs We Sing; Blerdrotica Volume I, and Slay. Valjeanne is also one of the executive producers of the film The Switch II: Clockwork (in production). Preview or purchase her work at: www.vjeffersandqveal.com
https://tehotep.wixsite.com/scierogenous
https://tehotep.wixsite.com/immortaliiiaudiobook

____

Acknowledgements 

All praises to God: He who loves and blesses me each day. I wish to thank my CAAWC family, especially Lenard D. Moore and Teresa Church for their wonderful, constructive criticism and continued support which has helped me to evolve as a writer. 

I must acknowledge my beautiful children, Toussaint, Gabrielle, Mikail and little Valjeanne: they are my best friends and most loyal fans. A special thank you also, to my fabulous cover artist, Quinton Veal. Moreover, I’m very grateful for the support and love of my other extended science fiction family especially: Linda Addison, B. Sharise Moore, Sheree Renée Thomas, Cranston Burney, Sumiko Saulson, Tonia Ransom, Alicia McCalla, Becky Kyle, Penelope Flynn, Ruth de Jauregui, Kenesha Williams, George Lopez, Charles Saunders, Edward Uzzle, Ronald Jones, Balogun Ojetade, Joe Bonadonna, Ted Rypel, Derrick Ferguson, Gene Peterson, Keith Gaston and Milton Davis. Finally, I must thank Carla who befriended a lonely, little girl and who was the inspiration for the Immortal and Mona Livelong series. Carla, wherever you are, I love you.
