







Necropolis
Zombie Outbreak Noir 

By 

Max Kielsmeier








Cave Grown Publications, LLC



 Copyright © 2014, 2015, 2017 
Max Kielsmeier
All Rights Reserved










Cover Illustration
by

Max Kielsmeier































Necropolis:
Part Three
——
A Zombie 
Noir Saga


      Table of Contents: Necropolis Part Three

Twenty-Nine — Home on the Haunted Range
Thirty — Back at Derrick Central
Thirty-One — Visualize: Freedom (but settle for a full stomach)
Thirty-Two — Hell Bent
Thirty-Three — Just like Captain Ahab
Thirty-Four — Wake up, brain
Thirty-Five — Fool's Gold
Thirty-Six — Eleventh Hour Considerations
Thirty-Seven — Today's Weather: Heavy Fog with a One-Hundred Percent Chance of Violence
Thirty-Eight — Having Hell for Brunch at Table Mountain
Thirty-Nine — The Warrior
Forty — In NORAD
Forty-One — Trial by Ice




         Twenty-Nine — Home on the Haunted Range 

The day got its start with a pleasant enough light in the sky. Though still cloud covered, it was bright outside and seemed somehow promising. She liked to think that the tree branches were not just stretching, but pointing outward—and harkening toward some brighter horizon. It might have just been in Jadyn's mind, but that had to count for something. 
It was the kind of day that could prompt her to get out of bed a little bit earlier than the others, as she had done back at the cathedral, and the kind of time she might use to stroll around the premises taking in her morning mediations.
She looked around to her sleeping companions. It was good that they had enjoyed themselves the evening before. They knew and liked each other better for it, and now this was a home again. The only concern was if it was sustainable— Jadyn's least favorite word, it was just the word she was putting out of her mind this morning. 
And so when she extended her morning stroll out to the front gate of the car fort, she was predictably dismayed to find frail zombies trying to reach through the front bars— they seemed to have somehow deduced that there were people were inside it. 
Sometimes a group of zombies shared similar characteristics. In this case, they had all been old people, possibly having all broken out of the same nursing home together. They were particularly grotesque to see up close. They were quite old as well as dead, with faces of magnified ghastliness. The blackened, hollowed-out cragginess in those faces was etched in her memory forever after she saw them. 
She hated the idea of shattering the quiet of the morning with gunshots; on the other hand, these zombies could not be allowed to rally a herd. She systematically took each one down with a pistol shot to the head, leaving their arms still reaching through the gate as they slid down against it.  
She returned to the house afterward. The others were stirring from where they'd crashed the evening before. Jake mumbled something about having had a dream that their fort was attacked and that there had been gunshots. Jadyn uttered what sounded to him like a rude grunt. 
They had eaten well the night before and they had a few days worth of stores left. Still, a few days was only a few days. A week from now the outlook could be grim once again. That was easy enough to see coming. 
Jadyn decided that, if there must be another scavenging outing today or in the coming days, it had to be lower risk than that of the previous day. She'd started playing it too dangerous and it was time to rein it in. 
Next time it would be her and Jake at a minimum. She hadn't had time to think about Dan much, although she figured he must be worth something to have still been alive this far into the collapse. 
Still something of an enigma, that one…
Then again, who wasn't? Jadyn had made discoveries about herself lately, not all of them were totally in line with who she had believed she was. 
Enough pondering—
It was time to go rustle up something like breakfast. 


	Thirty — Back at Derrick Central

Derrick was waking up to his umpteenth hangover since the collapse of Denver. This one wasn't too bad; he was managing. It was not the hangover that was giving Derrick a headache that morning, but his indecision about how to proceed in the coming days or weeks. It appeared that Denver might be purged of the plague after all. He wondered what that meant for him and his men?
It wasn't that Derrick gave too much of a shit this way or that about most of them, but at the end of the day, he was the leader. He didn't wish a bad end for the men as a whole, either. He especially didn't want there to be judicial action against him or anyone else in the gang. He wasn't so optimistic about the coming of the Allied Forces that he didn't worry that there might one day be a reckoning— one day pretty soon, at that. The flyer had mentioned something about weeks until the military would infiltrate the center of the city. There was nobody still alive in the city who didn't have 'a Derrick story' after his many exploits. 
He went off to nurse his morning hangover with a little hair of the dog. Approaching where he'd slept, he found an agreeable amount of whiskey left over in his bottle. 
He picked it up and wandered the fortress alone. He'd become exceptionally contemplative in the last forty-eight hours; he hadn't had such an introspective phase since he was nineteen.
Derrick had come from relative affluence by most people's definition. His dad had owned a local empire of car repair shops across the metro area and beyond. Throughout memory he'd had all he needed and much of what he wanted. He came into adolescence giving all indication that he'd be an insufferable, spoiled brat through those years, and he didn't disappoint. 
One thing had always plagued him though— whatever he wanted the most in life managed to evade him. By all appearance, he lacked for nothing, but it was that last ten percent of his yearnings that eluded him. He one day came to believe that he was destined to always be stopped short at ninety percent, with the final ten percent forever out of reach. He was barely out of high school when madness struck, even then it was accompanied by secretive drinking, and he had been covering up that for years when he entered adulthood. 
There was a grace period there too, for his dad had set a cut-off age at twenty-three. He wouldn't be supported after that. He had to be near fully independent by then, although his dad did agree to absorb the entire cost of college— something Derrick neglected for a large part. 
Derrick had met the cut-off age as a relatively unprepared delinquent. He bounced around between jobs—both working for his dad and otherwise. 
Plummeting college scores were due to his fundamental disinterest in scholastics, but also because of mountainous weekend getaways with his buddies filled with drunken and drug-addled revelry where they might shoot wildlife for entertainment. 
By age twenty-three he had gone well in a different direction, refusing to work for, or speak to, his family. He was independent, though. Around this time, he exuded the All-American poster boy persona, with financial solvency, a muscle car, an athletic body, a sports bar frequenter, and many times over— the one who brought home the bar favorite in a tube top dress. 
If one would have looked only a little bit further than this, they'd have caught sight of a fully-fledged sociopath.
From time to time, he'd don his denim jacket, take his old pick-up truck out onto the road, drive into the night and simmer in bleakness. Not once, but on several instances, he happened upon pedestrians out on the lonely roads. He would veer into them and then speed away once he was sure they were fatally wounded. If it appeared not, he'd come back to check on them. A crowbar finished the work. 
These roadside murders would put Derrick back on top of the world for weeks afterward. It was the getting away with it that made him feel powerful, made him feel above things.
To Derrick, this was the lesser of the extremes he contemplated on such late night excursions. 
He should have been serving several life sentences if justice had caught up to him. 
One occasion years back, he'd been contracted to work on military vehicles at a local base. After being admitted onto the base daily for several weeks, he was caught trying to smuggle equipment off-base with him. In another episode in a long line of breaks that went his way, the commanding officer on base had seen fit to let it go, merely warning him, and revoking his clearance status. 
It could have been the way Derrick carried himself which made authority figures lenient toward him on such occasions— he projected a cultivated air of respect, having been schooled to it by his father. He could also play the dominant male of a group like an instrument when that was handy, though there were those that might just settle for the word 'domineering.' It was effective, all the same.
There wasn't much that Derrick wanted these days. With the plague and the fallen city, old expectations were washed away. These days, Derrick wanted one thing— to live the rest of his life free outside of the perimeters of Denver. He craved to leave this episode behind him and go back to the so-called real world. He was more self-assured than ever, having led the group of men as warlord. He thought he was more than ready for a second shot living back in society. This was a thing he wanted above all else now, and he would be willing to go to the furthest extremes of his life to see it done. 


	Thirty-One — Visualize: Freedom (but settle for a full stomach)

“All right,” said Jadyn, “we have food for about four days.” 
“Then what?”
“No more,” she said.
“I know,” said Jake. “What's the priority? You keep saying you want to get out of the city, but gathering food is more of a staying-put kind of a plan.”
“I guess I'm trying to prepare for either until I know if it's at all possible to get out. I haven't seen how guarded the perimeter is. I'll kill a handful of people to get out, but if we're talking about a battalion I can't do anything about that.” 
The room went silent for a moment.
“OK, let's just see then,” said Jake. “If it's possible to come up with an escape plan, we go.”
“I'm not looking to get everyone killed if it's too difficult,” said Jadyn. “Other than that, I need to take you two out with me today,” she said, eyeing Jake and Dan. “Yesterday was almost too much for me on my own. Zombies were everywhere. First of all, we have to figure out where the perimeter even is. Yesterday I saw signs that we're close to it.” 
“What if we could be admitted across if they know we're uninfected?” said Jake.
“We also need to investigate that possibility. If violence can be avoided, we'll opt for that route. If it can't, then we're shooting for an exodus either way.”
“You think you got the firepower you need to fight your way out?”
“I should be fine there. With the M27 I found yesterday, lots of ammo for it too, I've got about as lucky as I'm probably going to get. If I need more ammo than that, I'd better be takin' it off corpses.”
“Sounds nuts, but if it's you leading, I'm with you,” said Jake.
“We're on borrowed time living here,” said Jadyn. “The Allied Forces aren't moving fast enough. They can eat my shit.”
	
The three of them took the car further west, then got out and walked on foot. 
“And your direct orders?”
“Food gathering. More importantly, find out where the perimeter is… and don't approach it.” 
“The borders of Necropolis…” said Dan.
“Necropolis?” said Jadyn. 
“Yeah, that's where we are. I call it Necropolis.”
Jadyn looked at Jake, like he would translate it.
“That's what I think of this place. Like in France, they have a cemetery called a necropolis—meaning 'city of the dead.' Fitting, don't you think?”
“It's fitting,” said Jadyn. “What? You want a Pulitzer or some shit?”
“No.”
“I acknowledge you,” she said. 
“Thanks.”
“Just remember the rules while you're out here,” she said, “Make sure you have a full or an almost full magazine. Make sure your shoes are tied. I have a feeling we may all be doing some running today.”
“Always the practical one,” said Jake.
“If we make it through another day,” she said, “maybe you'll get to see my wild side.”
“Promise?”
“If we make it through the next few days, yes.”
“What the fuck is this 'next few days' shit all of a sudden?”
They laughed.
“We'll cover more ground by splitting up. I'm going to cover some ground up the hill, you guys use the ditch over there and we'll travel along the road on a scavenging and reconnaissance mission. If you find evidence of the perimeter, again, do not engage, turn back. Chirp me on the radio if it's safe. We'll meet back right here in no more than an hour and a half if we lose track of each other.” 
	“If that's the way you want it…” said Jake.
“Yeah, but I won't be far away,” she said.
“Just don't stir up too many raised dead for us to fight, please.”
Jadyn shook her head. “I'm saving my ammunition for something else entirely.”
They separated, with Dan and Jake traveling along the gulley and Jadyn covering a street and neighborhood. Each party had one radio. 
Jadyn clicked her radio on and turned the volume down to low. There was a strangely comforting wind blowing down her collar. It was an unseasonably balmy fifty-eight degrees out and it put people even in that city into an almost chipper mood. 
Maybe it was a good omen, thought Jadyn, but then she remembered never to make rosy predictions. 
She stepped into the wind— letting it caress her recently bathed body. She felt the moment had a purity to it that she let linger. The street she stood on was barren. The rattle of a metal rooftop on a nearby shed echoed in the blowing air, sounding off the loneliness of the area. 

“Bit of a lone wolf, isn't she?” said Dan.
“Always has been since I've known her. She's also capable, which is why she goes by herself. She can handle it. Back where I was living with her before, we used to call her the Angel of Death. She would always leave the cathedral on her own. When people tried to stop her, she refused to let them. She always came back though. I'm probably still alive because of her.” 
“She does seem to be of a darker slant.” 
Jake laughed. “I know what you mean. She gets something in her mind and then she's hell bent on it. And then… let it go, or don't be in her way.”  
They both knew the rules well enough. If one always obeyed the rules, things did tend to go better. Although on a reasonably full stomach, a survivor might tend to swagger more than was common.
Jake stepped a few paces ahead of Dan, walking right along the perimeter of the gulley. The edges of the earth crumbled and gave way under his feet, sending small dirt clods tumbling down onto the dry stream bed. 
Walking behind him, Dan was somehow hypnotized by the downward dance of these particles. He lost himself in the sensation.
The air seemed thick and deep breaths came easily for a change.
While Dan was getting just about drunk on fresh air and the dance of dirt, his eyes fluttered up at something. When he looked, it was just in time to view an eruption of blood shoot from the side of Jake's head. In another second, Jake's body slammed down into the bed of the stream where he lay still, but with a font of blood issuing from his head onto cracked earth. 
Dan knew what had happened and out of fear and reflex— partly fell, and partly leapt into the gulley.
He knew Jake was already dead as he hurdled toward the dry stream bed after him. 
Dan had enough awareness to know it had been a sniper, and with the reply of the rifle being so far off, maybe a professional. 
He landed on his stomach with a thud and back in the spine-tingling reality of his necropolis. Blood from Jake's head wound spattered against his cheek. 


	Thirty-Two — Hell Bent 

It was a half-hour later that Dan met with Jadyn and when she saw him, the story told itself. 
Before a word was exchanged between them, he saw that she already knew. Still, what was, had to be said:
“We've had a casualty.”
Jadyn felt herself shrinking, compounded by what she understood.
“What happened?”
“A little over a mile back— a sniper. Maybe Military.”
Jadyn's head swung back as she was racked by anguish.
“Fuck… did you get his gun?”
Dan nodded. 
She put her hands on her thighs, pursing her lips. Somewhere in her skull, she could feel the tears welling up, but they never made it as far as her eyes. Only an oily sweat developed on her skin. 
“What kind of an area was it?”
“There was a field to our left, but then a heavily tree-covered area. I couldn't tell where the shot came from.” 
“Why do you think it was military?”
“It's just a guess, although the sniper seemed to have been damn far off.” 
Jadyn stood, her lungs gasped through cold, dry air. She craned her neck around, head tilted downward, only looking through the top of her eyes. It was a kind of physiological reaction to trying to block her emotions.
“So you never saw them? Anyone?”
“I didn't see a soul.”
She took another deep breath of the cooling air. 
“We need to keep going.”
“But not that way,” said Dan.
“No, not that way.” 
As they headed back to the car, the general direction of the sniper was regarded superstitiously. Either way, it must have been somewhat close to the perimeter. Table Mountain South could be seen looming prominently over nearby houses and trees. That sight signified the Rocky Mountains just beyond, though those were shrouded in mist. 
“I guess you didn't find any food, either?” said Dan.
“Didn't…”
They took the car further north. 
“We're crazy to be out here…” said Dan, at length, “but I guess we have no choice.”
“I'm ready to die at any moment,” said Jadyn. “I'm at peace. The only reason I choose to live is because I think I can make it. I think I can see a brighter future. If it's in reach, I'm going to grab for it. It may be arrogance.”
“Well, who knows, that doesn't mean you're wrong. Confidence is incredibly important. Jake said a few things about you. He looked up to you— idolized you, kind of. Just the way he said things.”
Jadyn felt pressure around her eyes—not tears, but something that wanted to be tears. She slowed the vehicle.
“He was the last of my old companions, the people I've lived with since I came to the city… now all gone.”
She leaned over her steering wheel, bracing herself on it. 
“They were... friends.”
He reached over, putting a hand on her shoulder. It was only intended to console her, but she leaned into him more than he had expected. She leaned across the center console and embraced him fully.
Her cool, smooth cheek pressed against his warm neck muscles, shooting adrenaline through his body. The moment sparked a charge between them that was unexpected, but real. 
Just when animal instinct looked as though on the horizon, the radio at Jadyn's hip chirped to life. 
“Goooood morning, America! This is your host, Dastardly Derrick! For those of you still alive out there and listening to the program— Hey, good for you for making it through another day. Apologies that your host today has a bit of a hangover, but then again, c'mon, of course I do!” 
Jadyn leaned back and turned the radio off, but the moment had passed. They both sat in wordless frustration for a few seconds until she turned the radio back on. 
“…Anyone who brings me booze and gold, not only does not sin, but gains favor in the eyes of the Lord. There can even be truces called.” 
“This guy has monomania,” said Dan.
“Monomania? Oh no, Dan, wrong. He has at least three things he's obsessed with— booze, bullets, and money.”
“You forgot pussy,” said Dan.
“And pussy, I stand corrected,” she said.
“You know what? You have monomania,” said Dan. “In a way, you're like each other. Only you have a different sort—monomania for escaping this city.” 
“That's good, Dan. Hold on.”
Jadyn picked up the radio and spoke into it when there was a quiet moment. 
“Derrick, it's Jadyn. So you know what? Me and my friend were talking here and we decided that you have monomania, like Captain Ahab. Remember that? Well, if you don't, because you're illiterate, I'll tell you what happens— the captain goes and gets his entire crew killed in the hunt for the White Whale. They follow him against their own judgment and reservations because they don't have the fucking balls to mutiny. It turns out deadly for basically the whole crew. I'm just reminding y'all of the story in case people want to take a moment to evaluate just what's happening.”
“Goddamn right, Jadyn! I do have monomania, but you know— not every Moby Dick story comes to the same ending.”
“I'll bet you're gonna screw everyone around you sooner or later.”
“I'll take that bet and raise you, bitch. The only problem is you can't bet at my level. I’m sitting on a mountain of fuckin' abundant supplies over here and you're retreated to wherever the fuck you went. I'm guessing by this time tomorrow I wouldn't be able to reach you if I wanted to— because you'll be dead!”
“My walkie-talkie probably has enough juice left to test that theory if I turn it off. So why don't you check-in tomorrow and we can see if your prophesy worked out?”
“What's that going to prove?”
“That you're wrong, a dick, and your predictions don't really pan out long term. No, instead I'll depants you once again—in front of everyone.” 
There was silence for a few seconds, but then Derrick thought of his reply. 
“I run the most prosperous group of survivors anywhere in the city. You could have been at my side, but let's not dwell. There will be nobody left to judge me and my men when the city's been cleansed. We'll stand as the only group to have made it, but anyone else living, it doesn't matter. Nobody's got shit on me, they ain't got shit on my men. Nobody has a fucking thing on any of us. Remember that. I get the last laugh. I just regret I'll never gloat over your corpse.”
“To be continued. Keep in touch. Whether I like it or not, you're a part of my life now. Promise me you'll answer when I call.” 
“Gettin' sentimental on me? I see. I knew it! Oh, that's perfect. Tomorrow— same bat-time, same bat-channel, I'm gonna laugh my ass off when we get complete radio silence from you.”
“We'll see. —Out.”
Derrick held his walkie-talkie to his face, hoping a final zinger would come to mind before she turned her radio off. He didn't make it in time. Instead a nagging buzz came from the radio when he pressed his button to speak. 
“That chick holds her own,” said Cullen.
Men around Derrick were quiet, as if contemplating a thing they never had before.
Derrick looked to the upper level of the factory and saw the wispy blonde-haired Willow staring down at him with a look that he found difficult to read, but didn't like, nonetheless. All around him he felt judgmental eyes poking him like so many pins and needles. He felt hot. 
“Holds her own, Cullen?” said Derrick.
“Yeah, she was making a good point.”
“Mm,” grunted Derrick.
“The way she compared you to that captain. I can see it.”
“Cullen— I am both privy to, and aware of the fact that you are not, at all times, cognizant of the goings-on around you. Still, is an antagonist going to write your final page? Would you believe that some ass who heard a fable one time knows your story? She can't know you or me, how the hell would she? Bitch is on a crusade, nothing more. She's gonna be one of two things tomorrow— devoured by the zombies or among them. Meanwhile, you'll be with me when we get out of this city and go on to new lives. Maybe even as millionaires.” 
Derrick hoped nobody else noticed how forced his speeches were becoming. 
“Sounds pretty good,” said Cullen, “if the bottle doesn't get the better of you, and if the city doesn't get the better of all of us first.”
Derrick gave half of a molten-hot grin.
“Nobody calls her—until I do.”

Back in the car, Dan asked:
“Why did you taunt him?”
“I don't know.”  
“Weren't you done with Derrick, I thought?”
“Yeah. I am. Don't know why I felt like taunting him.”
She leaned back slowly and rested her head on her headrest, contemplating. No, she didn't know, but she had a theory.

	Thirty-Three — Just like Captain Ahab

Although there were enough grim signals around them to have called off the day's search, as sane people might have done, Jadyn and Dan felt resolved to make something out of the loss of that morning. Jadyn did, at any rate, and Dan tagged haplessly along.
They still needed information about the border guard, among other things. The search for clues was on, as was the scavenger-hunt for warmer gear with which to face the mountains. New food sources were still being sought as well. 
Many of the houses they came across were boarded up and battened down. They were hesitant to approach these kinds. There may not have been supplies inside; or there might have been, but guarded by gun-toting survivors every bit as eager to part them from their own items. 
If a place looked as though there might be inhabitants still inside, they tended to pass them. 
After a time, they reached the conclusion that this was going to be a waste if they didn't go where there might actually be something to plunder. 
They stood on one porch of a house painted in pastel colors. Jadyn knocked quietly, but unambiguously, on the door.
“It seems this area was a refugee stronghold,” she said. “My concern is that they'll be desperate if they're still alive.”
“Yeah, just like we are.”
“True, but I trust myself. I don’t expect the same from others.”
“You could be able to trust them a bit more if you exuded a little trust in them ahead of time.” 
“You could get us both killed.”
“I'm just saying, have a minimal amount of faith in others, and who knows...”
“I was friends with a chick who told me I had trust issues,” said Jadyn. “The great part about it was— she was a con-artist.”
“All right, well if we come across someone, try to let me do the talking.” Dan leaned in and spoke more quietly. “If we need to fight, I'll let you be the judge, but I'm pretty good at managing stand-off situations. Just try not to be too trigger happy.”
“That's fine, Poindexter your way through the situation, that's fine. Just remember— if I get spooked, I'll start mowing fools down with the M27.” 
Dan snorted, half-bemused.
“If there's a situation I feel is going sour, I'll have no problem letting your talents take over.”
They ended up breaking into the house, having to kick-out the boards at a window. 
Inside, there was the immediate sight of a bulging sleeping bag on the floor along with a decaying smell in the air. Jadyn came to the sleeping bag with camouflage pattern on it and peeled away the opening. The dead man had a beard and his eyes were still open. He'd only passed in the last few days. The cold had preserved him. 
Just then rodents darted from inside the sleeping bag. Jadyn screeched, stumbling backward in disgust. The rodents ran around the room, frightened and running for cover. 
The house was oddly lacking in furniture and looked like it had been uninhabited before the plague. 
The occupant of the sleeping bag had various gear lying in close proximity. The door to the basement was conspicuously open. 
Jadyn had Dan wait at the window as lookout while she scaled the floors of the house. She turned up with binoculars, bullets and a hunting rifle, but nothing to eat and no water. 
They moved on. Dan slinging the rifle over his shoulder and throwing the extra ammunition in his side-bag. Jadyn kept the binoculars around her neck with an eye out for high vantage points as well as homes to raid. 
They checked another house. After knocking, they broke in. It was an old neighborhood with numerous Victorian houses built at least a century before. The second house was vastly different from the first. This one was stuffed with antique furnishings. 
The kitchen had been heavily raided already. The former occupants were gone without a trace. No leftover supplies, food, or anything of use. They moved on. 
Upon exiting that house, they were discovered by a small group of zombies. The fastest mover was shot in the neck and head, but the rest they took down with hand-to-hand weapons. Dan first used a two-by-four from a boarded window. It had nails sticking out of one end, but when that got stuck he picked up a bow-headed garden rake that lay in the yard and brought down the toothy end on the heads of the assaulters. Jadyn beheaded them with her katana once they were demobilized. The battle went on for about a minute before the zombies were slain. It had been a decisive victory for Jadyn and Dan.
Next they took the car a little further north and west. When they'd gone about as close as they dared to go in the direction of the perimeter, they pulled the car off-road and into a cluster of trees. 
There was an old white chapel. Jadyn broke into a shed nearby and came out with a rope and shovel. Tying the rope to the shovel, she threw it over the roof of the chapel, around the steeple. After picking up the shovel, they pulled the rope tight and twisted it to double-up the rope. 
Jadyn climbed first and coached Dan on how to best climb after her.
When they were both up, Jadyn scanned whatever landscape she could with the binoculars. It was a fair vantage point. A military detachment could be seen on a barren hill about three miles away. Trucks, tanks, and tents were posted brashly on a ridge of Green Mountain.
She handed Dan the binoculars and told him where to look.
“That's what we're looking for,” she said.
Dan took in the view of vehicles and armed men through the binoculars.
“That's disheartening.” 
Jadyn nodded. 
“If the whole border is like that…” she said, but only shook her head. 
“Are we delusional?”
“Without more men and firepower, maybe— you have a pocket-sized cloaking device on you?”
“I definitely can't lay claim to that.”
“Then we will probably need more firepower.”
Jadyn kept an eye on the hill.
“It may just be thicker up there because they want us to believe that it's that guarded everywhere.”
“Kind of like a—?”
“—Scarecrow.” said Jadyn.
“Yeah, that makes sense, but are we going to go with that theory before checking it out?”
“No, but it's good to know generally where they are. I'm going further west to see how bad it is; on the ground.” 
“And end up like Jake?” 
“It's an imminent possibility, just like many other forms of dying here. I'm going. You can hang back.”
“I'm coming with you,” he stammered, “sort of.”
“Help me do some recon. Just a little bit further.”
They climbed down the chapel. Before returning to the car, they checked the shed once more and came back with some tools. Dan took gloves and a sledgehammer. Jadyn took a felling axe. 
After returning to the vehicle, they took it down a street with aspen trees fastidiously lining the sides. Winter had stripped the trees of their leaves, making them akin to pale sentries, reluctantly issuing the car onward to the unknown.
Minutes later they reached the crown of a hill above a slight valley. They parked again. Dan was jelly-legged by this point about anything to do with the border. To him, they were setting themselves up to sniped. He noticed too that, at last, even Jadyn looked uncomfortable. They hid behind the car while she scanned the distances for traces of the military. 
After some minutes, (but to Dan, hours) Jadyn saw a lone helicopter trekking north—suddenly dip below trees.
“Seems about right,” she said in conclusion. “I'm not sure about your claim that Jake was killed by a military sniper. We're already west of where that nest would have been. West of the Nest, so to speak. If it was military, it should have been closer to the border.”
“Whatever,” said Dan. “The moment was too chaotic.”
Jadyn made an indecipherable, guttural sound.
“I'm continuing. By myself— I have to see the border closer.”
“Are you?”
“Yes. Keep the engine purring for me, will you?”
“Hell yes.”
Moments later, Jadyn walked away from the car. Dan watched her go from the driver's side. She walked directly down the middle of the road— an empty road. No gridlocked, abandoned cars anywhere.
“Jadyn,” he said, “maybe don't walk down the middle of the road.”
He saw her head turn ever so slightly, but she continued walking as though she didn't much hear him. He found his eyes following the bounce of her French-braided pony tail— hypnotized.
Momentarily, he was obliged to answer a call of nature. He stood off the shoulder of the road, pissing, and thought:
She's beautiful, bold, and maybe a bit stupid. He couldn't help adding, but somehow, she always seems to know what she's doing. I hope we see each other again. 
He zipped up, then stood watching her go for minutes. When something stirred in the tree branches nearby, he hurried back into the car before knowing what it was. 
“Not gentleman-like of me to let her walk alone.”
He revved the engine. It was a quiet engine, but hummed louder than normal just then, as though having an anxiety attack. 
Someone came out of nowhere—a naked someone. It took moments for Dan to determine if it was a man or woman. The old, saggy, pale skin drooped over the body. This naked old person seemed impossibly fast. It tried to scoot around the car to reach for him.
It stared through the windshield, making Dan go clammy everywhere. Its eyes had once been bloodshot, but that was before the vessels burst, suffusing dark fluid throughout the eyeballs. Those were marbleized milky-black and pale yellow. It grimaced at him, barring Nosferatu teeth which opened to unveil a mutilated tongue. Dan felt a terror he had not ever had by looking at one of the plagued before— except for the first time he was chased by one. 
He spun the car out and flipped the flame-thrower switch. The interior of the car was lit up by fire which made him wince as the cadaverous figure outside was engulfed in orange and yellow.
After observing the corpse dance around on fire for a moment, Dan swerved into it and then drove over the body with his rear passenger-side tire. As he peeled away, he checked the side mirror to make sure it didn't get up. Several seconds. Eaten by fire, he felt it would not rise again.
He pulled up to Jadyn, who was stiff and looking at him with incredulous eyes. 
“I'm not hanging out by the car by myself. I'll come with you.”
“Fine, but you're makin' quite a fuckin' racket, brother. We're out on the frontier now.”
“The Final Frontier?”
“Shut the fuck up,” she said, but Dan could tell she was amused.
Something else stirred then. They both saw it. To the right of the road, a bush moved and then stood up. Under the bush was a man brandishing a machine gun. Dan floored the car, almost side-swiping Jadyn with the rear end. She jumped away.
For a second, Dan saw the barrel of the gun aimed at him. He ducked behind the dashboard, and drove at the bush-man. 
The gunner lost his composure as the car peeled toward him. Three bullets penetrated the hood of the car before he was cut down mid-gunfire by the bumper of Dragon. 
Both the vehicle and man went down slope off the road. The mystery gunner was squashed by the undercarriage of the vehicle. The car was propelled downhill, coming to a stop on a lower road. 
Dan got out of the car and looked behind him. He saw the dead gunner. The man, face down on the hill with the bush he'd been wearing as disguise now spread across the slope and the hood of the car. Jadyn came into view higher up and surveyed the carnage. It seemed to have been a soldier. 
She made her way cautiously down. Each of them looked around, expecting others. Keeping low, they remained near the car. 
Minutes went by before they concluded that no more soldiers were there. Jadyn rolled his body over. 
“Army Ranger...” she said.
“I thought he was gonna waste us, so I drove at him. Sorry if I scared you.” 
“I was glad for your lack of hesitation. You'll keep that, I trust.”
Jadyn rooted through the soldier's gear, finding a pair of thermal goggles and a GPS. The gun's barrel had been damaged in the crash. 
They continued westward. With the goggles, Jadyn had the ability to keep them abreast of any human aggressors in the area. They remained undetected for an hour as they picked nearer the border.  
This may be too dangerous for Dan, she thought.
“We're in the shit now, brother. This is where we could have to kill military personnel in combat. I can do it, but you must know how serious it is.”
“I'll follow your lead. Tell me what to do.”
“OK, your choice. If we die out here— well, it'll be less painful than being eaten, at any rate.”
“'Cause guns are quicker?”
“Yeah...”
Dan looked at her bizarrely. 
“That's a fine ability you have to look on the bright side of things. If we get out, you'll go far in life…”
“Thanks. If I get out though, I'm moving to a farm, a remote farm, and spending the remainder of my days lounging on a porch…” 
And for just a moment, Jadyn saw the vision, and what a sight it was— she even looked to the skies, transporting her mind to the proclaimed porch. Her spirits lifted. 
She wasn't just going to kill her way out of the city, she was going to fight to a life of peace, or at least some kind of desirable existence. Whatever that was, it had to be worth killing for, but dying for, too.
“Are you sure you wouldn't want to wait a few weeks to see if they'll let us out when things are more under control?” said Dan, as though he'd been reading her thoughts verbatim. 
“I don't think we have weeks, Dan,” she said, with her eyes still locked in reverie. “I'm at war.”
“So we're dead?”
Jadyn twitched impatiently.
“This whole thing isn't settled yet, Dan. I'm not quite that rash.”
“Ah.”
“Goddamn. In a way, I'm a moron just for being a soldier.”
Dan gave a stifled chuckle.
“It's probably what's kept you alive so far, right?” he said.
“Yeah. I wouldn't even be here, though, if I'd never joined the Marines.”
“Oh. A little too late for that, huh?”
“Told you.”
After a brief pause, Dan said, “Well, someone has to bail my ass out.”

After some minutes picking their way through a wooded clearing, they plotted out the sections of border with the most soldiers— and those with the least. 
A ways away, Jadyn thought she heard gunshots roaring over a din of harsh vocal cords—possibly the military putting down a zombie herd near the border. After a minute, she could no longer decide if it was in her imagination or still happening somewhere. The chaotic din was finally swallowed by a wind sweeping through the city. The noise had been so far off that it wasn't of immediate concern to the mission at hand, just an item of curiosity.
She kept the thermal goggles on her head, frequently lowering them to scan the surroundings. The viewfinder had a damaged, bleeding effect due to the accident they'd been in, but they gave her the edge that was needed. 
Using the GPS's map, they were able to triangulate where they might have the greatest chance of escaping the city. Cross-referencing what they could see through the binoculars as well as where on the map it correlated to, they put together the initial formulations of an escape route. 
The cool December temperature dropped sharply. It would hound them until they got back to shelter. 
There were likely to be deaths, though preferably not their own, but maybe not too many on either side (as if Jadyn's side could afford many).
If they spent enough time plotting a path, and then if things went exceedingly well, the casualty count could perhaps even be zero, but Jadyn believed that was a little too optimistic.
Otherwise, there was enough information to satisfy her for one day, so they ended the mission and returned home. 
	

	Thirty-Four — Wake up, brain

The two climbed carefully over the car wall and slipped through the narrow gate on their way back into the neighborhood. 
That sequestered block of homes remained a welcoming sight with its unfettered streets and unblemished structures.
Walking a little like corpses themselves, Jadyn and Dan came through the door of their home to find Diaz and Belinda in the family room drinking tea. 
“Any more where that came from?” said Jadyn.
Belinda's gaze settled on them, though her questioning look was not immediately acknowledged. 
“Sit down and I'll bring it to you.” 
Dan and Jadyn slumped down on the couches in the family room. 
Belinda had gotten the fire up in the backyard, was in and out of the house, tending to it. 
Diaz laughed at their motions as the two of them sprawled exaggeratedly on cushions and put their feet on the coffee table. Then he was quiet, for he, too, wondered what had happened to the other man. He looked back to the door, as if waiting for Jake to appear there. 
He was just realizing what happened when Belinda returned with two fresh steaming mugs. 
“A funny thing I noticed in the city once it went down,” said Belinda, “I always thought it was weird that so few people looted the tea. I found having my tea was more important than ever. It's all that's sane to me now.” 
She handed a mug to Jadyn and found that the woman was so exhausted she could barely hold it; Jadyn, this bedraggled figure before her that somehow continued to return from mad adventures.
Belinda sat next to her on the couch and held it for her. Jadyn would take sips at intervals. Belinda felt her anxiousness about Jake diminish; though she no longer questioned his fate. Still, it would not do to dwell on it any more than dwelling on the fallen had done before. 
“Need me to leave you alone?” said Belinda.
“No,” said Jadyn.
“OK.” 
Belinda handed the other mug to Dan and reseated herself by Jadyn. 
“Should I get dinner started?”
“In a little while. Just hang out a minute, please.”
“Of course. 'Nother sip?”
“Thank you.”
Jadyn sat up next to Belinda and took the mug from her. Lifting it up, she let the steam waft around her face. 
“What kind?”
“It's a medley— raspberry, black, mint.”
“Mmm.”
“And don't worry, it's strong too.”
“I don't know if it's strong tea I'm looking for this evening.”
“I could make you a different kind.”
“But it's hot. Hot will do.”
Jadyn took another sip, laid her head back on a pillow and was out. It was four-forty in the afternoon, only around a day since she'd awoke from her very long nap and she looked ready to do it again.
On the next couch, Dan also drifted away. 

It was dark inside when he awoke an hour later. Only dim light emanated throughout the house. Everyone had left the room, but he heard their voices coming from the backyard.
He was in a comfortable spot, and while he wished, on one hand, to join the others— he was just fine enjoying a moment of solitude in the dim. Besides, it was just barely still twilight, or so his eyes tricked him into thinking, and that time of day always made him reflective. His time for reflection was an ever more precious commodity in recent days. Like Belinda with her tea, Dan thought the only sane thing left— was to think.
Dan's mind warped past a myriad of thoughts which came and went like fireflies. In his mind's eye, it was also winter twilight, and he was walking through snowfall. Through the white— important aspects of his life slowly started to form like statues coming into view through the mist.
He remembered the friends and family who had been the foundation of life in former days. Where were they? Had anyone else made it this long? Last but not least, did he want to know?
One comforting thought remained— he knew his brother was well out of Denver. His brother would still be alive. As for almost everyone else he knew, well, he chose not to think about that just then.
Many years ago, when they were kids, Dan's younger brother had been injured. On a family vacation, as two bored little boys, they'd been messing around on an airport escalator. His brother, Robert, had tried to pull off a showy move by walking up the escalator on the narrow exterior ledge. When he was most of the way up, he slipped and fell fifteen feet— just about cracking his skull open. 
Though he was swiftly and capably taken away to the ER, not all of Robert could be recovered. His brain had been permanently damaged. The event impacted Dan and propelled him on a journey toward learning all he could about the human brain. When he'd been an adolescent (and more delusional) he had even hoped that one day he would grow up to become a scientist and figure out how to fix his brother's brain.
While that dream had never come to pass, he did learn to cope better with his dilemmas when he'd stumbled into psychology. Over time he developed an ability to read people and to better understand himself. He'd spent a lot of time deconstructing the human mind and human motives. He was good at it.
It wasn't everything, but he was consoled that at least his brother was somewhere outside this holocaust. Robert lived in Arizona with their uncle in a house where life was comfortable, if simple. Dan had held firmly on to that in the past few months.
As he lay there letting his life flit before his eyes on the sofa, a treacherous little thought emerged— What if Derrick and his bandits could be convinced to help them blow through the perimeter?
He would get resistance from Jadyn, but there were arguments for a conditional truce which bore mentioning. 
Dan rose from the couch, invigorated for some reason, and made for the backyard. Not just talk, but eating had to be done. He had a furious appetite. 

After he'd eaten and mentioned the idea, indeed Jadyn snorted at taking Derrick's posse with them. 
“I do think it needs exploring.” said Dan.
“What about it needs exploring?” she said.
“Well, look at Diaz,” he said, his voice rising at her for the first time. “I don't think he's hobbling across the perimeter without slowing us down. Hell, he can't even hobble. It'll take one—or two, people, to carry him. That'll get us all shot. I think you know. What? We leaving him here?”
This struck Jadyn back. The thought crossed her mind earlier, but she had tried to brush it off for later concern. Now the concept was in front of her again. Escaping, but especially escaping with someone who had a bad leg, was a deep flaw in the plan. Leave Diaz behind? Jadyn had self-described herself as “not a cunt” before, and she still held with that. If they left Diaz behind, it would be a death sentence. 
“Fuck,” she said. 
“Listen, they can handle the bulk the opposition. They’re better equipped.”
“I don't want any part of Derrick and his thugs,” said Jadyn.
“I think I can convince them to join us. There's more to consider, though,” said Dan.
“And they'll shoot us on sight!”
“They'll shoot us on sight if they have no reason not to.” 
“What will stop them?”
“Money. The gold.”
“But you said there was no gold,” she argued.
“Hear me out— they are crude people. If they have a vested interest in something, they'll forget about the deaths of their fellowmen. They're bandits and bastards. I don't get a lot of fore-thinking vibes from talking to them. Only Derrick started to develop in that direction, after a while.”
“What's the plan?” 
“You know the gold story I came up with? It kept me alive for a good reason.”
“I follow you,” she said, still dubious.
“Well, they've been out to get money since they realized the quarantine might end. We use that gambit. In the early days, they were gathering just guns and food. They discovered, finally, it was a short term plan...”
“Mm hm.” 
“Yeah. So what I had in mind was, we tell Derrick that if he helps us get through the perimeter, shoot through the perimeter, we'll hand over the gold to him once we're on the other side. Then it's every man and woman for themselves. We escape the hot zone— if we can, on our own terms. And that's what we propose to him.”
“Of course. Only it won't go quite that way in real life, because I'll betray him,” said Jadyn.
“I thought you might say that,” said Dan. “Won't that be the fun of it?”
“It would be a chance for revenge that I might never get to see otherwise.”
“See? We can boost our chances of success, possibly—and give him some justice.”
“You're growing an insane streak to suggest this plan, although I'm starting to see what you mean. It's ballsy,” said Jadyn, “but then, what isn't?”
“You take your M27 for one thing. You're the best shot, better than his guys, right?” said Dan.
“What if they're all firing on us at once?”
“I don't know, that's why we'll be careful. I'm pretty good at reading body language. I think I could probably guess what they'll do before they even know for sure. It will be fear— fear and respect that'll stop them. Plus, if Derrick's leading them, they might keep it under control.”
“Why?”
“Because of what you did to them last time, because by whatever bizarre circumstance has those men tethered to him, he's been their leader for months. They appear to have some kind of code of conduct.”
“Cowards don't care. They'll shoot you in the back,” she argued.
“I'll be watching your back. I'll watch all of our backs.” 
Jadyn was quiet as flames danced in her eyes.
“The main aspect of this plan that I like—is the chance for revenge,” she said.
Belinda perked up at Jadyn's use of the word 'revenge.' At the reignited possibility of retribution, her skin developed an oily sensation which she somewhat liked—a kind of horniness.
“Can you guess my main problem with this plan?” said Jadyn.
“You mean that we have no gold?”
“Yeah, that.” 


	Thirty-Five — Fool's Gold

The next morning, they rose early. By that time, Dan had been awake for an hour putting together a plan as he lay staring into the darkness. 
He remembered something from days ago when they had poked around the neighborhood within the fort, looking for supplies. 
One of the houses had contained a stockpile of items, some of which were useful, while others not. What had made an impression on him was the bags full of lead shotgun pellets, the variety of which, if one was so inclined to assemble their own shotgun shells, would permit them to purchase shells and the pellets separately, then put them together at home.
He had previously seen the concept as a redundant exercise and had left them there. They hadn't found shotguns, anyway. 
That morning, Dan made his way back to the house and recovered the bags of lead pellets. Searching through kitchens, he found a banana bread baking tin to use as a mold. Once he had his supplies, he returned to the house where they were staying and got the fire pit crackling again. 
When the flames were up, he filled the banana bread tin with lead pellets and placed it on red coals. 
Lead, being one of the softest metals, will melt at well below one-thousand degrees Fahrenheit. A campfire will suffice to bring it to a molten state. Dan had knowledge of this as he'd seen used bullets melted in a campfire with his uncle.
At the same time, Jadyn was prowling the city for what she fiercely hoped to be the last time in her life— a hunt for one last supply. That morning, she and Dan had mapped out a path for her. Going through a phone book, they located a hobby and hardware store to search. Dan knew the area, but since Jadyn was more likely to survive the city, she had set out once again. 
The outing was fortuitous, in that she arrived at the first location without misadventure. At the hobby store, she observed the surroundings for a time before shutting Dragon's engine off. 
She stepped out of the car and looked around more. It was, of course, a frigid day.
The one-story brick hobby store was of prototypical, mid-twentieth century architecture. Although the addition of metal bars behind the seven foot windows was a bit more modern. 
She merely had to find the building's weak point and knew that it could be the roof with a place like this. Although she observed the old, wooden front door, she wasn't comfortable causing a racket to break it down. She had her felling axe with her and decided to check the roof first. It wasn't too difficult to get up there because of trees, fences and a telephone pole which were all close to the structure. It was more time consuming, but better to make a commotion from a roof than on a porch. 
Jadyn got on the fence, shimmied to the telephone pole and climbed up. Extending herself over a fifteen foot drop onto asphalt, she grabbed the lip of the rooftop. With some struggle she pulled herself up over the ledge. She had the M27 strapped on her shoulder, but had thrown the axe to the roof in advance.
Once she was on the roof with the axe in hand, she found that the roof hatch was just made out of wood with a metal lock. She hacked the wood around the lock until it was splintered, then bashed the lock off with the blunt side of the axe head. 
With the hatch gone, she peered into a dark, shallow attic. First flashing a light inside for a cursory examination, she then dropped in and made way to another door that was illuminated by a thin strip of light framing it. She used the axe again to make quick work of the door. 
A staircase led down into the store. It didn't take long to locate what she was looking for. Dan had specified that any form of spray paint would be best, whether spray paint cans or a spray rig for latex paint. 
They would also be required to delay leaving for a couple of days, just for the paint to dry. Jadyn had begrudgingly conceded to that new condition, but only because ideas, like food, had become quite scarce. 
The spray paint cans were locked up in a metal cage. This obstacle took a little more time and finesse than the doors had, but once more, she found use for her axe. 
Of all the goddamn things to be delaying me now, she thought, making fake gold to try to fool Derrick...
However, she believed that the entire notion of using Derrick and Company to break out was not a totally impossible endeavor. 
When the cage was broken, she grabbed various brands and tints of gold spray paint, dropping them into a canvas bag.
There was an assortment of varnishes and lacquers too, a few which were for metal. She took those and headed for the front door. 
Jadyn still lived because she counted on trouble. Believing that something must have been stirred up by now from the noise she had made, she readied herself for combat.
 From what view the windows could offer, there was nothing outside waiting, but she never presumed. With the bag strapped across her body, the axe slipped-by-the-hilt down her belt, she unlocked and exited the hobby store with her M27 lowered.


	Thirty-Six — Eleventh Hour Considerations 

Dan had made three lead bricks by the time Jadyn saw him again. From behind a bandana wrapped around his face, he told Jadyn to stay out of the backyard. The fumes, he told her, were not just toxic, but nauseating.
Dan placed the first brick on a sheet of plastic. He gave it several coats, choosing the richest gold spray that Jadyn had brought back. As the third coat was applied, he got gooseflesh. Jadyn, standing near and watching him out of the corner of her eyes, suddenly proclaimed how authentic it looked.
“It only has to fool a layman. I'd say we'll be able to pull it off if he doesn't take too much time looking at it. What concerns me is the feel of it. Will it be dry enough in a reasonable window of time?”
“We could delay it if we have to.”
“It may be as many as ten more bird seed meals before it's dry enough.”
Jadyn huffed out impatiently.
“I suppose, but I can't think of anything else that could realistically work.”
“So we're going to pull the trigger on this plan?” said Dan
“Yeah.”
Dan pulled his bandana down to take a deeper breath. 
“I'm gonna get Derrick on the phone,” said Jadyn.
With a little hesitation and a scratch of the back of his head, Dan nodded.
“OK.”
Jadyn switched the walkie-talkie on.
	“Hey bitch,” she said into the radio.
	“Hey cunt…” said Derrick, after eventually rousing himself from a dazed stupor. Then Jadyn said, “I thought we’d talk about an alliance by which everyone involved might benefit from the outcome.”  
“Alliance?”
“Both our sides working together to get out of the city— in the next couple days.”
There was a long silence.
“What? That's a suicide mission,” he said.
“Possibly, but we only have to shoot our way past a few soldiers at once, then, when we're through, it's every man and woman for themselves. And we found a lot of gold. You can have it after we are through the perimeter—if you help us. Remember the guy who I broke out of your prison with? He wasn't joking.”
“You found that?”
“We have it, over a million dollars worth. Three huge gold bricks. Bring your vehicles and help us shoot through the perimeter and the gold is yours.”
“If this were to go down, I'd have men and machines with me. You try to betray me, I don't see it going very well for you. Last time you just caught us with our pants down.”
“This is about escaping, yesterday's qualms are water under the bridge.”
“You make a formidable enemy, that's for sure,” said Derrick.
“And I'll make just as much of an ally,” said Jadyn.
“What's the plan?”
“There's a highway bridge that goes over thirty-second avenue. Under it, there is a detachment of soldiers and vehicles. If we can get past that, we follow thirty-second west... and then, who knows. That's when it becomes a free-for-all.”
“Jesus Christ... doesn't sound impossible, though. I have the machines to do it— including my newest vehicle which hasn't even been unleashed on Denver yet. How many men are we talking about?”
“Less than fifteen. I'll have a machine gun, too.”
“You being serious this whole time?”
“Yep.”
“We can do it, but what will they send after us when we get through?”
“I don't intend to find out,” said Jadyn.
There was another long pause.
“This is not a wholly unappealing plan,” said Derrick.
Derrick's ego swelled a bit at the thought of breaking out of the city leading his men and machines. A fantasy version of himself as some apocalyptic George Washington touched the edges of his imagination.

Derrick had everyone convene in the main core of the factory. Men—men who'd recently been little more than Derrick's attack dogs, (although these days there was a palpable atmosphere of decent) now stood around him and it seemed quite possible that there might be a battle for dominance in the offing. He could feel their scrutinizing eyes. One way or another, the winds of change were blowing in Denver. He'd seen this coming for awhile. Now, he wondered if there would not be a mutiny within the next twenty-four hours. It might even be at this meeting, for all he knew.
If Derrick was beginning to show consideration for the future, there were plenty of men in the ranks who had grown quite accustomed to living for the moment. 
Not too long ago, most of them had been working in low-end jobs with dissatisfying lives. Now they were warriors in the dominant tribe of a fallen city. They took what they pleased and, being drunk on instant gratification, weren't so sure they liked this new, prudent side they saw in Derrick. Their leader spent quite a while explaining the plan as he understood it. 
They would rendezvous with Jadyn, then help her shoot out of the city through whatever resistance they found. 
Derrick was then met with apprehension from his fellow bandits as they began thinking of their own hidden caches of money lying around the city. 
“What's the real gain here, Derrick?” said Saul, a gang member since the early days, “If we go out there and can't return, then...” 
“Then what?” said Derrick, as though completing the thought for him. “Then how will you recover your own hidden caches of money from around the city...? Oh yes, I know you have stores around that you're keeping for yourselves. I don't care. You should go get them before we leave— take it all with you. Then we can all exit the city with as much money as possible and begin new lives, or die trying.”
“Hey, is she going even if we don't?”
“Does it really matter?” 
“It just seems like a trap, and a suicide mission,” said one grunt.
“It could be,” said Derrick, “but there's just a few of them and this time we'll have our vehicles. She can't beat us in those. This is a temporary alliance and after it's over, the last men standing take all, ya dig?”
“It's better than rotting here,” said Wade.
“Of course,” said Derrick, “with the chance to get revenge on her and get all that money, we'd be the fools not to follow her.”
And the debate went on for another twenty minutes with much being repeated on both sides of the argument. Though it was, as usual, the Derrick fervor that eventually won the day. For others had the same concern he had— that one day they might be held accountable for their often startling acts of banditry. 
Some of them were ready to go simply because they were disgusted with life at the base. It was a cesspool. People frequently used common areas as a bathroom when they were drunk, there was garbage lying around from months of eating and drinking whatever they could find. In recent days, and because of recent events, it even had a deathly smell to it. There were also quite a few dead bodies outside the fence surrounding the base. Those had been building up for months— mostly dead zombies. A horrible place by any standard.
A truth cannot be unseen once it is seen, and Derrick's arguments had enough truth to them. 
Evening came and the general consensus was that everyone was going to the perimeter. Preparations were to begin the next morning, although Saul didn't make it to morning due to the fact that he accidentally drank himself to death that night.

Miles away, within the car fort, they were having a slightly less rowdy evening. That night they packed their gear; nothing complicated, only food and clothing basics. They put ammunition for their remaining pistols and the M27 into bags that would be easily accessible when stacked for whichever of the following days was to become the moment of truth. For if things went very much according to plan, they would be out of the city in some seventy-two hours— out of the city, and on the run.


	Thirty-Seven — Today's Weather: Heavy Fog with a One-Hundred Percent Chance of Violence

Dan stared out the window to a new morning. It was a day just like many others that winter, pale skies, cold air, wandering dead people. It had all become perversely normal by then. At least he knew he was in the car fort. There was a semblance of peace and order there. He was again tempted to try to talk Jadyn into holding up here for a while. He knew it wouldn’t work. 
He looked back to the king-sized bed on the upper floor of their temporary home. Jadyn’s bare leg was exposed for a moment before she pulled the covers back over her. 
Her eyes opened, but she lay still, watching him. They held eye contact for a brief, but serene moment. Dan’s smile broke first. 
“I’ve heard that's bad to do before a battle,” said Dan. “Like a form of castration.”
“Nah,” said Jadyn. “How long has it been for you?”
“Months. Not since the outbreak, I know.”
“In my experience, if I go a long while without and then I do it, I feel more at harmony with everything—my actions, importantly. Today we’ll need harmony.”
“I do feel more harmonious,” he conceded.  
Jadyn smiled. They shared an almost-laugh.

To the east of them, in the seediest place still occupied in Denver, Derrick and the marauding band of men who rode with him—made final preparations to head west. 
Before leaving, however, the men broke off in groups, into the city, to reclaim their hidden caches. Having previously sequestered them away from Derrick's reach, they were about to bring the found wealth of the city all back under one roof. If some were suspicious of Derrick's intentions, that was fair, because while they recovered their loot, he concocted one last little gem back at the warehouse. 
Derrick was to force the exodus on everyone by destroying the base. By all means, there was enough propane lying around for the task, and that, he would use to blow the structure of the northeastern corner. 
He knew how it could work. He had seen, multiple times, the episode of Mythbusters where they attempted to blow up a propane tank. The hosts of the show had tested the viability of shooting a propane tank with a handgun, and heavier hardware, to see what it would take to make it explode. It had turned out that it was no easy task to blow one up. Now, a chain-gun on the other hand, that was closer to the ticket. 
Derrick and Wade worked together, piling the propane tanks against the walls, against the fence too, although not many there. If the fence wasn't sufficiently destroyed, they had bolt cutters to finish the job.
Derrick still had the Black Plague with him, but even more importantly, another vehicle. It was an old work-in-progress that was, at last, road ready. Now completed, it was to be the most devastating vehicle that they had. With the hunt for the required parts and then the construction, it took them over a month to build. 
Derrick stood before the creation. It was untested, but he was confident it would perform under pressure. Its only weakness, and Derrick felt that he could work with this, was its size. He had barely come up with a name that he thought befitted the machine— Lucifer. Lucifer was a semi.
The tractor had been chosen because of its cattle guard, and that had been augmented with welding. It gained a snow plow which was sharpened and reshaped more to their liking. Any crowd of zombies would be met with a giant, forward-thrusting spearhead.
In the sleeper cab, the roof had been cut off, and platforms built inside which promenaded upward and transformed it into a gunner's nest. Two frontward facing guns were meant to mow down the hordes ahead, while the rear-mounted flamethrower was designed to put a stop to any who got too close. Another platform had been built above the fifth wheel hitch out back which could transport several more men. The platform was fenced-off with an interwoven metal mesh to stop reaching hands from becoming grabbing hands. 
The few who remained at the warehouse then gathered behind the Black Plague. Lucifer had been moved to the other side of the building, to be safe from debris. When everyone was far from the center of the blast, Derrick had an antsy index finger dancing over the trigger as one of them set the propane tanks afire with an oily rag and a match.   
When everyone was shielded from debris, Derrick blew the northwest corner of the building. It was worse than he'd anticipated, sending rubble through the windows of Black Plague and, if not for his usual luck, he could have been broken-off at the legs. He had cheated circumstance once again. Despite the interior of the hearse being littered with shattered glass, brick and concrete, he laughed triumphantly.
Everyone came up from hiding, marveling at the aftermath. Over the next minutes, bandits trickled back from around the city with their valuables. Concern pierced their faces upon returning to the sight of smoke billowing, black and apocalyptic, from their old hideout.
Derrick climbed to the gunners nest of Lucifer and yelled for everyone to make a caravan behind the semi.
When everyone finally had—zombies, roused by the noise they made, homed-in on them. 
The undead were put down, but with a grudge becoming enflamed toward Derrick.
The cars moved into formation. A few minutes later, the caravan had rumbled over to where Dan had hotwired the cars during their skirmish several days back. The caravan trickled through the hole in the deadened traffic jam, like a leaking sluice gate—a mere drip-drop to announce the coming deluge.

In Lakewood to the west, Jadyn's group finalized preparations. There were few words exchanged as they gathered their gear together and loaded the last of it in the car. So direct were their movements, it was as though they had rehearsed it time and again. In part, they had. Nor did Diaz, sporting that language barrier, need to be instructed on what to be ready for.	
Eventually they were all sitting in the car. Jadyn breathed metronomically while staring through the windshield at the grey world around her. They were each silent and apprehensive. Sitting in the driver's seat, her thumb rested on the tab of the key where it conjoined to the ignition. The car's indicator bell went off with a nagging procession as Jadyn beat down the last of her own resistance.
When she turned the key, her heart fired up with the vehicle's engine and it was as if they singed the winter air together.
To live this day was to write the first page of the rest of her life, or, the last page of her entire life. 
She didn't feel as though she would back out now, but as they drove west, the possibilities swirled imponderably, like a school of a fish—a million strong.
They used a neighborhood street at one point, which didn't seem suspicious at first. There were fallen trees in the streets, but that was not unusual. They wove around them until they passed the third tree, and discovered too late there had been a concealed spike strip which blew the front tires out. 

In central Denver, Derrick and his caravan had slain their way to Colfax Street with Lucifer leading the way—smashing through tattered city.  
Behind Lucifer there was the Black Plague, Chrome Charriot, Claw-face, Deathwing, Vitriol, and the motorcycle, Hellion. Taking up the rear there were a few more vehicles with armed men; for one, a large, matte-black pick-up truck with gunmen in the bed of it they called Charcoal. 
Arrogance ran high as they destroyed zombies they encountered along the route, handling both the undead and other obstacles with the delicacy of a Viking raid.  

Not ten miles away in Lakewood, believing they had fallen into an ambush, Jadyn, Dan and Belinda reached for their guns. The car was halted with the front end sunken down. 
Dan ducked out of the car using his door for a shield. Jadyn was on the ground on her side, peering between ground and the tree trunk near her. It was held inches off the street by its own limbs.
She had the M27 in front of her. After a minute of paranoia and dead silence, panic wore off. They poked up and looked around. 
It was quiet and empty. 
“We need two new tires,” said Dan.
“We need to secure this area first,” said Jadyn, “and couldn't you hotwire us a new car?” 
“We need this one. It's not just the flame throwers—the armor plating in back—we might need that today.”
“We may have to ditch it.”
“Let's at least have a look around. We got kind of lucky, the base of this vehicle is a Subaru Crosstrek. Common model in these parts—and chances are there will be replacement tires in the neighborhood. Maybe Derrick and company aren't that big of dumbasses after all.” 
“Maybe,” said Jadyn “We secure the area first.”
“Agreed,” said Dan, although he thought there was little chance the people who set this trap were still around. 
Belinda climbed out of the back seat.
“What do you want me and Diaz to do?”
“You'll have to lock the car and wait inside. We'll leave a pistol and a rifle for you, and I'll show you how the flames work.”
Belinda scrunched her face at that. 
“We're almost at the finish line and so, yeah, I know,” said Jadyn, “but that's what we have to work with at this point.”
“We'll be fine,” said Belinda, mustering her old courage.
She didn't like it, but knew she'd made it out of worse situations. It didn't seem to be a threat at the moment. At least there were no zombies.
After arming themselves, Dan and Jadyn split up. They had planned to reconnect on the opposite side of each block. Then circle the surrounding blocks until they had their quarry, or had to abandon the vehicle.
They set off while Belinda and Diaz remained in the car and kept a low profile in the back seat. She'd been shown the switches that triggered the flames if it came to that. 
“Kid's toy, eh?” Jadyn had said. 
“Please hurry back,” Belinda had responded.
Belinda breathed deeply thinking about it. She watched as the two faded into the city's debris, then exhaled.
“I'm gonna crack the windows,” she said, though Diaz couldn't understood her. 
She turned the key in the ignition one click, then cracked the windows. 
“I think it'll be fine,” she said, then she turned the ignition one more click and ignited the engine. 
“It's a quiet engine,” she said, to assure Diaz as well as herself.
He still didn't understand her, but his eyebrows both rose.
She turned the heat on.
“Hey, I'll be on look-out outside for a little bit, OK?” Belinda eyed the man up and down before leaning into the vehicle and pecking him on the cheek. 
Outside the car, she strolled around assuming the role of sentry. It wasn't the first time she'd performed that duty. 
She spent most of her time looking in the direction from which they'd come. That was based on a hunch that there could have been straggler zombies coming after them. A short while later, she decided that it was deserted after all.
She crawled into the back seat. 
“We get the exciting part, eh Diaz?” said Belinda, “I hope your leg's doing better.”
Belinda sighed again. Her body slouched a bit. She felt physically and emotionally drained. She felt an irresistible pull toward the warmth of her companion.
A thought popped into her head and for some reason she decided to act on it. It was irrational, but sprang from genuine carnality. She had the sudden urge to give Diaz a handjob. If she was surprised by her own impulse, Diaz was in further disbelief when she reached between his legs and started to rub him. He fought her off for a moment and then pushed her away. She sat flustered and looked straight ahead with her hands folded in her lap.
Diaz realized that this made things awkward.
They both sat staring ahead, not knowing what to say. Then again, they didn't speak the same language, so what could they have said? 
Diaz sat wondering what he should do. The only thing that occurred to him was to let her back in. Now it seemed he had to defuse the tension. He felt that he better, or it might throw a delicate situation off balance. 
He reached over and took her hand. Getting physical still seemed too crazy an idea, but he wanted the two of them to be comfortable again. He didn't want there to be a rift since he relied on them so much. 
Belinda came at him again once they'd made eye contact. She put her hand on his thigh, thinking to advance slower. He stopped her hand, but took it and lifted it slowly. He held her hand, but didn't let it wander.  
The next moments were awkward as Diaz tried to help them embrace from the strange positions they were in. Belinda tried to crawl over his lap and partially sit on it after he put her arm around his neck in a way that suggested he may have wanted her to do that. She moved over him while being mindful of the hurt leg.
In the end, she was sitting on his lap against the back seat passenger side door. 
She would have been hunched over if she didn't lean on him. She laid against his chest while they enjoyed the human contact. For a moment, this woke up a little something in Diaz, but he still knew nothing would happen. 
He remained pragmatic. The city still scared him. It seemed that he was with good, resourceful people and he hoped to keep it that way. He remained hopeful that he did stand a chance of seeing his family in Mexico again someday.
They enjoyed the glow for a few minutes, but Belinda had to cut it short due to a call of nature. 
She stood looking at him from outside the opposing door, then placed a gun on the seat within his reach.
“I'm going to the little girl’s room,” she said, “but I'll be back shortly.” 
She motioned her hands that she'd be back, but wasn't sure he understood. She shrugged that off, but took the felling axe with her as she left.

Diaz stared absently out the window at the nearest house. In the window, he saw hands pressing against the glass. They were children's hands. They way they pressed outward, it looked like someone trying to get out. The motions looked frantic. 
Diaz looked around, curious and a little suspicious. He bent painfully to try to look behind him. The others were nowhere in sight, and he saw nobody else in the area. 
He leaned back in his chair for a moment and tried to suppress the event. The children would have some adult in the area who would soon return for them. Of course that would be the case. 
Diaz exhaled and looked around the car, blankly eyeing the upholstery. His mind would not settle on it. He also had grown restless from being the only one that had sat around for the last couple days. He'd had about enough.
He opened his door, then crawled out head first, ending up on all fours on the sidewalk. It felt as though he'd climbed out of a womb. 
Diaz looked up at dark skies and darker trees in the more immediate vicinity. It could have been a different planet than the one he'd grown up on. 
Here he was as a newborn, unable to walk, unable to talk (at least in a way that those around him could understand) and making his way in the world on all fours. 
He looked around, but wind made his eyes dry out quickly. He continued crawling toward the house, keeping his eyes shut the whole time to preserve his precious fluids.
Dingy wooden stairs met him at the sidewalk's end. The old white paint was mostly chipped off of the wood. He looked up, and an unwelcoming porch loomed over him. There was a drabness to it that felt of poverty, and perhaps ignorance.
The arch over the porch was the last barrier he had to cross before committing to whatever it was he was committing to. Then again, he hadn't knocked on the door yet, either.
He thought he might still back out of the entire venture.
He crawled up the stairs before getting to his feet. He dragged his weight up until he was standing by using the pillar and railing around the porch. 
Diaz stood against the door. Beyond it, he hoped to find only children awaiting the return of their guardians. He would see that things were under a control of sorts, but then make his way back to the vehicle and forget the whole thing.
He knocked three times on the old door which felt as if it might send a sliver into his knuckle. It seemed that much about the house forbade visitors.
There was a stark silence which drew on for several moments following the knock, then a piercing howl came from a small windpipe— a child's windpipe. The first howl was joined by a second sound, more of a shriek. These terrorizing noises just about sent Diaz off the porch. 
He imagined feral children living like caged animals on the other side. Perhaps they had been left alone for too long. Would they be hyper-active feral kids or would they be plagued?
Diaz checked the clip of his pistol. Upon seeing it was full of ammunition, he grabbed the door handle. Not surprisingly, it was locked. Although after wriggling it for a second, he heard scurrying on the other side of the door. 
He hobbled across the porch to the window he'd first seen the child's hands appear at, and looked in. The house was turned upside down— things were torn apart, thrown to the corners, and there were paths running through the wreckage. Here was an oversized rat's nest.
Diaz did away with the notion of entering the place, though he wanted to at least see the children to know what their condition was. He tapped the window with his pistol, hoping to make them come out of hiding. 
 Before he ever saw the inhabitants inside the house, there was an appearance to the right of the porch. The zombie standing across the railing and looking up at him had malevolent eyes. The man underneath this zombie looked like he'd once been unassuming— a modest white man who'd wandered out of his cubicle job and into an apocalypse. He looked as though he might have survived for almost an hour after that. The amount of rot indicated that he'd been dead for a while.
Diaz shot him in the head as he'd heard one was supposed to. The zombie collapsed dead, as it was supposed to. It was nothing complicated. Overcoming that dreadful moment had given him a jolt of courage. He felt more confident in his situation than he had for days— since his helicopter had crashed, in fact. 
Diaz swerved back to face the window, then remembered the sensitivity in his leg. Or, his leg reminded him of its sensitivity, because he nearly fell when a sharp pain leapt up his thigh and into his lower back. 
He was over it a moment later and tapped on the window with the nose of his pistol again. He was determined to make contact with the inhabitants, or at least catch sight of them so he could determine their condition.
He decided that whoever was in there would make themselves known to him. He saw a little girl, he thought it was a little girl, leap up from hiding and run down a hallway. He hadn't been able to get a look at her face, but she appeared to be agile, whatever that meant. 
Since Diaz had absolutely no time to be chasing wild children around in his circumstances, he simply decided to throw a milk box through the window to see inside. He picked up the old thing on the porch and hurled into the center of the glass. A great shattering sound ripped through the neighborhood air. The opening he made was large, though still jagged around all sides. He wouldn't go through it, but he would peer through it. 
He moved to look around inside, but a ghastly smell escaped and froze him in place. It smelled deathly in there. For a moment, Diaz was certain that out of the corner of his eye, he saw a body hanging from the ceiling, but his eyes were watering to the point that he had to close them. Before he could ever further investigate the sight of the apparently hanging body, he saw little hands again. Now though, they were at the glass opening. 
Diaz coughed, forcing rank air out of his lungs and backed away from the opening. 
The face that was then visible through the shattered opening was a dead child's face. Its eyes glistened with a sparkle of energy, yet behind them was pure, unadulterated malice. A maniacal smile underlined the hungry look of the child. This one wasn't just a brain dead wanderer, it had purpose. It climbed with uncanny agility right through the broken glass window. This one was a boy, not the girl he'd seen run off. 
Diaz aimed his gun at the child. The terrible circumstance of the moment stopped him short of what he knew he ought to do. As it ran at him, he did pull the trigger, only half-looking at the target. He still hit it in the crucial spot. The child stumbled, fell straight forward with flailing limbs that swung in all directions before coming to a stop on the wood planks of the porch. His head bounced a few times and was still. 
Just then a sharp pain shot up through Diaz' leg again. It was the wrong leg, though, he realized. When he looked down, his horrified face viewed her horrifying face, she had her jaws set near the bottom of his thigh where his knee was. Seeing this, he had an instant where he hardly kept from fainting and falling off the porch. 
He pulled her away from his leg, but her mouth already dripped with his blood. He shot her, she fell backwards and lay still on the lawn. He saw how she had bitten through his pants as she gaped dead at the sky with those ruined, jagged teeth.
Diaz crawled back to the car in sheer agony; physically, it was difficult, but mentally, it was worst moment of his life.
He crawled into the vehicle, knowing that it was really his tomb. 
When Belinda returned, he shook his head that he hadn't heard the sound of glass shattering when she asked, motioning with her hands. Then the gunshots, he even more surprisingly didn't hear. However, when Belinda looked forty feet away and saw the dead infected children, she pried the truth out of him. He lifted his hand and showed her the bite wound. Belinda felt a pang of heartache, but knew his fate was sealed.
“You've got two hours,” she told him, holding up two fingers.
“Horas?” said Diaz, recognizing her phrase, because it was close to English.
“Yeah, two horas,” said Belinda, “then...” she pointed to the zombie children. 
She saw Diaz' hand twitch with its pistol wrapped within his fingers.
“Wait,” she said, putting her hand on his, “just wait, and I'll do it for you— when the time comes.”
He ended up thinking he understood her, and relented in agreement.
Belinda and Diaz remained tight lipped about it when Dan and Jadyn returned; the two having been successful on the tire hunt.

They arrived at thirty-second avenue, just blocks from the highway. The highway had barbed wire fences running its perimeter as far as one could see, presumably, the length of the city. Thirty-second avenue went under one of the underpasses at the western end of the city.
The military barricade here was, they hoped, the strongest opposition they would have to overcome. 
One truck looked like it might be a transport vehicle capable of holding about fifteen soldiers in the back. About six men patrolled with their guns lowered on a strap, ready for instant action. They believed there were probably more soldiers than could be seen. There were vehicles with heavy guns. There were two hummers; one mounted with a minigun and the other, a rocket launcher. 
Jadyn turned off the engine. They studied the barricade. Jadyn was the first to get out of the vehicle. Dan climbed out after her. 
They were outgunned, that was clear enough. It was doubtless now that they needed Derrick and his war party if they were going to get through the perimeter this way. 
	“Dan, I have an idea,” said Jadyn.
	“What?” 
	“Wait here. I'm going to see if we can just give that shit to those soldiers and see if they'll let us pass.”
	“The gold? What if they just take it?” said Dan.
	“That'll probably be what happens.”
	“Huh?”
	“I don't know if I have time to explain, but I'm going to try something...”
	“I... all right...” he said. Then Dan looked back to the barricade and the whole idea looked a lot more insane than it had ever looked in his mind.
	“Lemme see that duffel,” said Jadyn, opening the rear driver's side door. Belinda lifted the duffel onto her lap with a strained squeak she hoped didn't sound too much like a grunt. Jadyn saw a meek expression in Belinda's eyes which bothered her, but she didn't mention it.
Jadyn fished the artificial gold bars out one by one. She looked them over one last time, removing each of the three of them from their protective towel wrapping. Upon seeing them again, she felt that the illusion was pretty good. She thought they could certainly fool a novice, or even just buy time as a distraction for fateful moments. Either might do. 
Belinda was pensive and quiet, she only told Jadyn to be careful. Diaz had his eyes fixed on Jadyn. He looked a little more scared than Belinda had, but that seemed right to Jadyn. What she didn't pick up on was the shift he made with his right leg when the duffel bag was removed from the middle seat; a shift which narrowly avoided her seeing blood from his bite wound.
“Here, carry these.” Jadyn handed Dan two of the bars. She carried the last one.
“We'll leave our guns here,” said Jadyn.
She began walking towards the barricade. Dan followed her, his mind still buzzing with anxiety that he tried to tell himself was curiosity.
“Can you quickly bring me up to speed on this plan?”
“If we get lucky, we barter our way out, but I doubt that will happen.”
“Yeah,” said Dan.
The soldiers at the barricade leveled rifles at the two as they approached.
One barked at them, “Stop your approach, now!”
They stopped while Jadyn's arm extended out slowly, bearing a heavy brick of something yellow; but not too yellow, something a little richer, and it shone even in the grey of that December morning. 
“We found this,” she said, “Gold. We thought we should turn it in to the authorities...” 
There were numerous soldiers facing them by then, all with guns aimed except for a captain, who surveyed the situation with his hands planted on his hips. His eyes were fixed on the three large bars held by the two unknown refugees. 
He ordered three soldiers to approach them carefully and search them, and to bring back what they were carrying.
Over the next few minutes, Dan and Jadyn stood with hands on their heads answering questions that implied an atmosphere of trained suspicion. And not without reason, thought Jadyn.
Eventually she posed a question instead of answering one directed at her. “We thought that maybe we could be allowed passage out of the quarantined area for turning in the gold to the authorities?” 
There was snorting from the soldiers at this. A fourth soldier was sent to take the three bricks. He stuffed them hastily into a camouflage bag. Dan's stomach muscles tightened as he watched this, hoping the lead bricks wouldn't rub up against each other and break the illusion too quickly by chipping their paint off.
He hurried back to the barricade and to the captain. The captain looked in the bag and told the soldier to put it in a vehicle.

“You can't come back here,” said the captain, who had come close to them and stood between the armed soldiers, “There's no leaving the quarantined area. Orders are to shoot those who attempt to leave. If you come back here, that's what's going to happen. Go back, and rely on government supply drops if you can. Until further notice, nobody leaves.”
They were, after a time, released back into the city. 
As Jadyn walked away from the soldiers, she feigned her best version of one who's been subjected, yet trying not to show it.
Dan was starting to see how the plan was supposed to work, but that wasn't all he saw; in the foggy distance, there was a familiar fleet of vehicles rumbling slowly in their direction. Jadyn saw it too. They both ended up running back to the car. There, they waited for Derrick's caravan to draw up to them.
One vehicle loomed more menacing than the others. Until today, Lucifer had not been seen roaming the streets.
At the barricade, the soldiers saw Derrick's caravan as well. The attendant captain broke into a cold sweat. The vehicles and men that he could make out in the distance looked like they meant business. 
He spoke into a radio mounted in one of the hummers. “Pelican, this is Gopher Four, do you read me?”
“I read you Gopher Four, go ahead,” said a voice through the radio.
“Pelican, we have a war party bearing down on us, I count approximately ten or more armed vehicles coming our way.”
“Civilian vehicles?” the radio said.
“Roger that, Pelican. They appear to be souped-up for combat, with armed men inside them. We need all available gunships here, stat.”
“Copy that, I have four birds going your way. You'll have to hold out until then.”

About five hundred feet in front of the captain, Jadyn and Derrick met each other in a stare down as the caravan slowed to a stop. Derrick looked cocksure from his gunner's nest. Presiding over the scene, he seemed every bit a pirate with hands resting on the prow of a ship headed straight into conflict. 
“Where's the gold?” he said.
“We've been waiting for you for over an hour,” said Jadyn. She motioned toward the barricade, “They got suspicious and sent out a detachment who searched us and took it. Now they have it.”
Derrick looked suspicious. He bent down and came back up with a pair of binoculars. 
“It's in one of the hummers,” said Jadyn.
“Interesting. They took the gold, but left you with your weapons,” said Derrick, who'd seen the M27 lying on the hood of the car, his former car. 
“They said we could keep them for our protection.”
Derrick said nothing, but continued surveying the barricade through his binoculars. 
“That's very convenient...” 
“There's only one way to get what you want— help us break that barricade,” she said.
Derrick kept a close eye on a soldier that was staying very close to one of the hummers. This soldier looked like an officer, and he was very interested in something in the front seat of the vehicle. So much so that he even brought it close to his face to inspect it closely. Derrick saw what it was he held— a heavy looking, shiny, gold bar. 
Derrick looked at Jadyn, the cunt's not lying, he thought.
Derrick ducked back down into the cab of Lucifer and people around could hear his voice giving what sounded to be marching orders. He came back up with a megaphone. 
“People,” he said, his voice booming across cold, still air, “this is what we came for. We're doing this. Forward!”
Just then, Lucifer lurched forward, Derrick climbed to the flamethrower mounted on the rear of the gunner's nest. He waved his arms to the two frontal machine guns, prompting two men who then climbed to the gunner positions. 
Nervous eyes of the gunmen on each side danced back and forth wondering if they should be the first to fire or not. Should they wait and see? 
Dan and Jadyn flickered eye contact with each other for one portentous moment before the battle. 
“You drive,” said Jadyn. “My time to shoot.”
She grabbed the M27 and got in on the passenger side. Pressing a button to open the moon roof, she then stood on the passenger seat and leaned half-way out of the top of the vehicle. 
The second vehicle to start moving was the Black Plague. Wade was gripping the handles of the chain-gun up top anxiously and with airless lungs. He looked up to Derrick, who only gave him a nod that was chock-full of bravado. Derrick turned to his two gunners atop Lucifer.
“Start firing when we get fifty feet further,” he said. 
He repeated the same command to Wade, then spoke into his megaphone for all vehicles to hear:
“Advance at twenty-five miles an hour.”
Derrick looked down and felt a swell of confidence as he saw ten of his war vehicles full of armed men lurch forward.
“Start firing in about... five, four, three, two, one.”
At about the moment he said 'one' there was a deafening roar from the guns. 
The barricade was lit up like a fireworks display. Bullets struck everything— men and machine.
Derrick saw a decisive victory taking shape. He yelled into his megaphone:
“Faster! Punch through the barricade behind me.”
Lucifer sped up.
There was return fire from the barricade, but now only from three men. Just the three who'd managed to run for cover in time were ducked under vehicles by that point. They still fired, but their bullets scarcely found targets. One of them tried to climb into the hummer with the rocket launcher, but he was cut-down by gunfire as he got into position. 
Derrick's men weren't too accurate, but they had enough guns on their end to create a bullet storm. The suddenness of the attack had caught the barricade guards off. 
Some of the vehicles took hits from the patrols' guns, but it didn't, evidently, cause an immediate breakdown in any of them. 
Lucifer charged through the barbed wire fence with crisscrossing poles holding it in place. The semi plowed past the hummer with the dead man at the gunners position, then forced its way through two trucks, rolling over corpses and guns as it went. The two front machine gunners were indiscriminant, blanketing everything a human might hide behind with bullets. 
Derrick turned on a shower of flames from his flamethrower, aiming it into the transport truck. After the vehicle was afire, he tilted his flamethrower at the hummer and the dead soldier at the gun and torched both.
Lucifer lumbered past the physical barricade and onto the open street past it. 
The other vehicles followed after this, with a shaky alliance keeping the two sides from turning guns on each other.
Jadyn looked sideways at them from the butt of her assault rifle several times as they made their way toward and then through the barricade. It was in tatters after Lucifer had burst through. Chrome Chariot was the first to rumble forward over the wreckage and pull alongside the stopped semi truck. Gunmen on the platform of Lucifer's fifth wheel hitch hooted victoriously over a battle they'd had quite little to do with winning. The others rumbled through after the first one with the opening, allowing for a single vehicle at a time to follow.
There was a thick, chemical-laden smoke building up beneath the underpass that tightened the throat muscles of the assaulters as they passed by the burning vehicles.
Jadyn glimpsed the nightmarish remains of the barricade as she passed through, knowing some of the bullets in the machines and men were her own. This had been a known outcome since the beginning, but nonetheless, a toll she felt was fatefully hers to pay. 
On the other side, the vehicles fanned out. Jadyn leaned toward Dan; “Don't let the cars box you in,” she told him.
With a ghostly expression on his face, Dan complied, taking the car in a swooping movement around the caravan before they could be walled-in.
As they were around, Jadyn noticed Belinda in the back seat with a look of anguish on her face. Jadyn looked into her eyes, which didn't return the glance. Belinda knew she was being watched and said, through tears:
“Waste him...”
Jadyn kept a steady eye on the caravan, but spoke to Dan.
“Dan, get ready to move. I'm going to need you to floor it in a second.” she said.
She stood through the moon roof again, which she'd been gunning from, aimed the M27 in the air. 
It was not an ideal shot, the front gunner was standing in the way and would therefore be an additional casualty. Derrick was still manning the flamethrower on top of Lucifer but at the rear of the nest. There was so little time for hesitation that nothing could be done once Jadyn was in position. 
She fired a ferocious volley of bullets into the top right of Lucifer's gunners nest. The front gunner was spewing blood before he fell out of sight with his arms raised in the air like a surrender. Sparks flew once more. She saw Derrick fall out of sight as well, not knowing to what effect he'd been hit— or if he'd been hit.
Then she quickly turned her gun on Wade and got him in the torso twice as he tried to duck for cover, but exhausted the last of her machine gun ammunition at the same time.


	Thirty-Eight — Having Hell for Brunch at Table Mountain

Dan floored the gas pedal. The car accelerated as fast as it could, which wasn't extremely fast, with its payload of people and fuel tanks for flamethrowers, although it was fast enough to escape most of Derrick's vehicles. But no one seemed in a big hurry to pursue them. Having just watched many of their machine gunners get machine-gunned by Jadyn, that traitorous bitch, they were at a loss as to what to do. Well, there was one who pursued—Hellion, the gang's only motorcycle unit, swooped around to the front of the caravan and charged after them.
He was able to close the gap between them fast, probably the only vehicle capable of doing so. What the plan might have been after that cannot be known, because when he drew close enough, Jadyn flipped the flames on in their car. 
The fire spewed out in a furious stream. First it licked, then it lashed at the motorcyclists legs. Too late, he realized he couldn't take the heat. He lost control of his body, then the bike went down, and together, he with his bike, went sliding off the side of the road and into dry brush that was dead for the winter. He lay there unconsciously with his bike as they both set fire to the brush. No one was able to act fast enough, might not have even if they weren't too distracted to, and he slowly set fire to his surroundings and was eventually consumed by them. 
The last moment of life that poor soul experienced was seeing his leather covered arm reach for the sky right as there was a fire in his helmet, then in his brain. Everything rapidly disintegrated after that.
Back at the caravan, everyone scrambled. It was still halted. There were men bickering, some hiding, people trying to re-man posts; new gunners were needed.
Derrick, injured himself, sat against the back of the semi's cabin holding his arm against his body. There was a bullet wound. Just how bad, he didn't know. It was painful, but he didn't feel as though his death was imminent, not within minutes, anyway. Derrick sat not knowing just what he was going to do, although it was just then that people started to hear them— propellers, propellers in the mist. One by one, everyone heard them.
Willow, who sat in the back seat of one of the cars, opened the door, ran right through the tattered barricade and back into the city. She thought the zombies a fairer opponent than the military. She was the only one that fled though, the rest stayed and readied themselves to face this new disturbance.
Charcoal, the matte black, super duty Ford pick-up truck, had a man with a shoulder rocket sitting in the bed of it. 
All morning the man had been jonesing for an opportunity to use that rocket. He readied it to fire at whatever came out of the mist. 
When they finally appeared, four gunships, and fearfully close, the man with the RPG fired. The rocket hit the cockpit of the lead ship, engulfing the pilot in flames and sending the ship to the earth below— a fiery meteor.
The question was, where was that fiery meteor going to land? The answer, if you could have asked eye-witnesses at the time, would have been directly into Charcoal. 
The reason it might have seemed like you could have had enough time to even ask eye-witnesses in the first place was because it played out in slow-motion for everybody who beheld the sight of it. It happened slowly but surely; the flaming gunship crashed into Charcoal. 
The pick-up was swept off of the road and shoveled into the side of a hill where they both exploded. 
The other gunships had banked off in different directions after the first one had been struck. Although just before doing so, the ship taking up the rear had managed to paint a target with its laser. That ship veered off into the fog ahead of the caravan. 
“We need to keep it moving!” a loud voice cried, and actually managed to be heard over all the commotion. 
The words found Derrick's ears and jerked him back into the moment. He stood again, and came into the front cab of Lucifer.
“I'll drive now, go gun,” he instructed the driver.
The person quickly moved out of his way. He landed in the chair just in time to see a missile come out of the mist ahead. Its tail lit the way toward the vehicle next to him. He watched its passing with spooked eyes. The light from the explosion, he knew from its glow to the side of him and above him, had to have come from the Black Plague.
Indeed it had, and had wiped out all the occupants within it. 
Not that one, he thought, then realized he could very well be next. 
Then he remembered the gold, and after that, he remembered the traitor, and in spite of the sheer insanity of being frozen with indecision, for at least a few moments, he was. 
That was when one of his men ran up to the driver's side of Lucifer and rapped on the door. Looking down and out his window, he saw one of his men cradling something in his arms. 
“What?!” said Derrick.
The man held what he carried aloft. Separated by layers of cloth to protect his own hands, the man showed Derrick a shiny, but partially melted blob of metal. It was not gold, either, though there were now traces of gold running off of it like little streams on a mountain. 
“The gold isn't real,” said Derrick, almost blankly.
The man threw it to the ground and climbed up to the window of Lucifer. 
“She tricked us,” said the man, then, unwisely added, “she tricked you.”
Derrick was silent, although he was cognizant. He saw in his mirror how Death Wing was accelerating to circle around him and continue onward down thirty-second avenue. He would momentarily join them. He just waited for the car to pass before he kicked out while opening Lucifer's door. The man at the driver's side window was flung off of the step ladder and fell right into the bladed wings on the side of the car. The upper blade on Death Wing severed his spine in two.
The driver of Death Wing continued on without stopping, or slowing down.
Derrick closed the door and put Lucifer in first gear. The semi rumbled into movement. There were still players on the board in spite of the losses. Lucifer still had one of its machine gunners. There were men out on the rear platform above the fifth wheel hitch, still several cars of armed men. 
Derrick promised himself that revenge on Jadyn was as much of a motive as escape. There were other pressing concerns, such as the gunships which roamed the mist around them, looking to eradicate them.
Just then, the first concern was to move his vehicle forward, and if the opposition became too strong, he would ditch the caravan and make a go of it alone. If he saw the gunships emerge from the mist, he planned to leap out of the semi. 
He made sure there was a gun within arms reach of him. Ditching the semi would soon be necessary, and he was taking a huge risk by not doing it then and there. The thing was, he had to try to catch up to Jadyn. As he moved the gears of Lucifer higher, he felt a rush of adrenaline like never in his life.

There are two mountains in Colorado's front range referred to as Table Mountain, Table Mountain North and South. They stand directly next to each other not unlike sentries, near the main entry to the Rocky Mountains. Past them is the town of Golden and then one enters what some call for short— the Rockies. 
There are four roads that run between the two table mountains, although the main highway going west, I-70, is not one of them. Instead, what passes through them are the Golden Highway or Highway 58, 44th Avenue, a frontage road and last there is 32nd Avenue. It was 32nd Avenue that Jadyn and Dan were pinning their hopes on. It was open, but not too open, nor was it too cluttered off of the shoulders. There was some wiggle room on that path.
There wasn’t far to go. Jadyn smelled burning rubber— their tires. When the flames had been turned on Hellion, the tires of their own vehicle had also gotten some of the flame shower. Jadyn peered over the side of the car from the moon roof. Their tires were on fire. 
“Keep going,” she said. “It can’t be long now.”
“We still don't know about Golden,” said Dan.
“I know, some of this is guesswork,” she said.
“I know,” said Dan. 
Dan himself was surprised at the confidence with which he had agreed with her.
Jadyn knew it was probably mere seconds until their tires blew out.
Then they passed large buildings, which were downhill from the road they were on. The buildings were two hundred yards away. Jadyn thought she saw soldiers on the top of them, but it was so misty that it could have been her imagination— just vague shapes that were suggestions of soldiers. She thanked the lottery of life for having sent them the mist. It must have been Derrick's luck which brought it, because she never felt she had that kind of fortune. 
Dan had lain off of the gas pedal somewhat to handle the weather conditions. Meanwhile, the air clattered with the sound of the battle behind them. The distant roar of Lucifer growled across the ether. There was also the hum of propeller blades prevalent in the air. 
A mile behind Dan and the others, Derrick glimpsed the long, skeletal fingers of winter trees, black against the mist, beckoning him down the road into his unknown. And somewhere up ahead in that unknown, Death Wing gained on Dragon. 
There was a loud pop outside Jadyn's car which suddenly began dragging on the right side. The rear passenger side tire was gone.
“Fuck,” said Dan.
“Yeah it's over for this car,” said Jadyn.
“Not yet,” said Dan, who didn't stop trying to drive it onward. 
He continued, but with difficulty and reduced speed. However, when the other rear tire blew out, it became a much bumpier ride. 
“Stop,” said Jadyn.
He rolled to a slow stop. Death Wing was visible behind them.
“Enemy,” said Dan, blurting out the first thing he thought of when he saw the car in a side mirror.
“Flame him,” said Jadyn. 
She reached for a pistol. Death Wing barreled toward them, but still didn't slow down. Dan hit the flames, but the car whirled past them on the passenger side, dragging its blades along the body of their car, breaking windows and ripping the car's shell open. It was past them in an instant. All four passengers in Jadyn's car had been shaken violently by the swipe. 
Broken shards of glass littered the inside of their car. Jadyn's head had been thrown against her own window the collision. She bled from her cheek, chin, lips, and forehead. Her left eye was currently blinded by blood running down her forehead. It looked worse than it was. She had gotten off fairly lucky. 
She looked ahead with her non-blind eye, heard Dan and Belinda both ask if she was OK. It seemed she had gotten it the worst. The driver of Death Wing had gone out of his way to scrape against the side of the car where she was seated.
While still in sight of the passengers of the car he'd just rammed, the driver of Death Wing passed a cylindrical annex tower of a factory. On the fire escape stairs of the building, there were three soldiers about seventy feet above the street. One of the soldiers fired an RPG which caught Death Wing from behind— blowing its rear-end off the ground in a fireball which incinerated the rear passengers and singed the front seat passengers bald. The flaming front seat passengers got out and ran, but they were cut down by gunfire.
Jadyn knew her car might be next. 
“Get out!” she yelled.
Everyone nearly fell out of the car, except for Jadyn, who had to pound at her door to open it, as the collision with Death Wing had warped it.
Jadyn urged them to hide somewhere on the opposite side of the street from the cylindrical tower, to get cover any way they could, and she followed them after snatching the utility bag with the last of their guns and ammunition. She exited through the driver's side. 
Belinda grabbed the felling axe and helped Diaz across the street. She made no effort to conceal his bite from the others, knowing she couldn't do it any longer. Diaz probably had an hour left before turning. The reason she said nothing then was that she thought it ill timing for any kind of internal treachery among them.
Diaz held a yellow rag he'd found in the car against his bite wound. It was obvious, but there'd been nothing else. 
His limp from the previous injury made the new leg injury easy to conceal since they'd not think his limping was strange. 
He still thought that he might choose his moment, and go out offering some final aid before the end.
Dan had been swift enough to grab the backpack with their food stores. There were sparse trees on the other side of the street, and that was all they had to hide behind other than a shallow ditch.
A half-mile down the road, the remains of Derrick's caravan stayed in close formation. It was down to just four vehicles by then— Derrick's Lucifer, Brad and Cullen drove Claw-Face, Chrome Chariot, and Vitriol.
Derrick's gang aimed their guns at the mist all around them, especially behind them, as that was where the most aircraft activity could be heard. The gunships were in pursuit.
Suddenly two of them came in hot from behind. They fired a missile at Chrome Chariot, blowing it up into a sphere of fire. 
The other ship unleashed a volley of machine gun fire, ripping through Lucifer’s rear platform, cutting down every man back there.
The volley of fire traveled up the back of the semi, but it trailed off before reaching the gunner in the upper nest. It destroyed the semi's passenger side mirrors. At the last minute, the man at the machine gun atop Lucifer was able to collect himself and fire back. He hit the gunship’s cockpit with ammo from his M50.
The pilot's lower body was eviscerated, but the gunship continued moving forward and passed over the caravan. The pilot wasn't steering anymore, yet the ship continued on a forward trajectory.
Derrick knew his time had come. With the latest hit that Lucifer had taken, several of the semi's tires were blown out. It was time to abandon it.
Derrick reached for his last line of defense, an MG4 lying on the floor of the semi. Also lying in the semi was his backpack filled with his personal wealth— cash, precious metals and the like, which he had procured in the previous months.
As he climbed out of Lucifer, he almost told the gunner that he was leaving, but then realized that the man might serve as a valuable decoy. As he departed, he heard the man yell out:
“Derrick, why'd we stop!?”
Derrick stayed low and ran ahead, quickly slipping off the road and into what thicket he could find there. 
The last remaining gunship was then circling around for another pass. 
Derrick saw Brad and Cullen drive on ahead going west and that suited him fine as well. 
A decoy behind, he thought, and a decoy ahead.

The third gunship crash landed. Brad and Cullen saw the explosion on the road in front of them. Brad slowed the car. 
The surroundings were illuminated by the fire to a degree that Brad spotted the soldiers on the annex tower.
“Hey we have company up there,” he said.
Cullen was one step ahead of him, getting out of the car as he finished his sentence. 
They both exited the vehicle and hid behind their doors. 
“That fucker has a rocket launcher,” said Cullen.
Having already noticed the rocket launcher himself, Brad snuck to where the crashed gunship was and used it as a shield between him and the soldiers on the tower. 
“Over here,” he said. 
Cullen stumbled after him. 
“We need a distraction,” said Brad, who was now lamenting that he'd not taken any whiskey with him that morning. Death defying situations were just not something to be dealt with sober.
“You got anything to drink?” said Brad.
“No,” admitted Cullen. “I guess I'm dying sober.”
“You and me both,” said Brad.
Then Brad noticed the abandoned vehicle that Jadyn had been in. 
“Look there,” he said. “That bitch and her group must have gotten away.”
“Unlike everyone in Death Wing,” said Cullen, as he pointed to the flaming vehicle. “Should we chance a run for it?”
“Let's wait,” said his partner.

Down the road Derrick glimpsed behind him just in time to see a gunship emerge out of the mist and eviscerate the gunners nest of Lucifer. Two missiles cracked off in concert with the grind of the machine gun. They hit the side of the semi-truck and set off a chain-explosion. No one would be crawling out of that. 
The gunship veered right and traversed up the road, in Derrick's direction. 
Derrick shouldn't have stood a chance, but the maelstrom of the battlefield heavily impeded the pilot's line of sight— multiple flaming vehicles sent up pillars of smoke that swirled across the battlefield. 
The opportunist in Derrick knew that he should take this chance, as it might be his last. The gunship seemed as though it would follow the road and pass him by. When it came closer, he popped out from coverage and unloaded his MG4's magazine on the cockpit. 
Enough bullet's hit to kill the pilot and alter the vehicle's flight path in seconds. It was the last gunship by Derrick's count. 
He continued running west. In another minute he caught sight of Brad and Cullen hiding behind the crashed gunship near the tower. He joined them. 
“What are you hiding from?” said Derrick.
“Men on that tower,” said Brad. “They have a rocket launcher.”
Derrick followed the stairway up with his eyes until he saw the men there. 
“Those three fuckin' idiot's? Hold on.”
Derrick emerged from cover, and lit up the stairway with a fresh magazine in his MG4. The men danced a macabre dance, contorting in awkward steps which were at first meant to dodge bullets, but ended up accentuating each movement as they were struck. The rocket launcher fell off of the center soldier and clattered down several levels of stairs.
“Get that,” said Derrick, indicating the RPG with the barrel of his machine gun.
Cullen casually strolled over to pick it up, although by then he was under observation by Jadyn, who didn't think his having a rocket launcher was in line with her plans. 
She and the others had been still for minutes as events around the tower unfolded. They'd had no opportunity thus far to get clear of the tower with the rocket launcher-wielding soldier. Then she'd seen Derrick arrive and cut the soldiers down with his machine gun. Her arsenal now consisted of only pistols.
The situation was bitter; Derrick was about to have a machine gun and a rocket launcher. If they discovered Jadyn and her friends hiding in a shallow ditch, it could end quickly, and poorly. 
They lay sprawled on their stomachs. 
Jadyn spoke quietly to Dan:
“We have to shoot them. If they see us, we're fucked.”
She gingerly drew a pistol from the utility bag. 
Jadyn wanted to get Derrick first, but he was still halfway behind the gunship, and the other half of him was blocked by Brad. She knew if she popped off two perfect shots, she could get them both. 
“Your pistol loaded?” she said. Dan nodded.
“Get that guy on the fire escape,” she indicated toward Cullen, “At least pin him down. I'm going to get the other two. Wait for me to shoot.”
Dan nodded.
Jadyn aimed. 
She could see Derrick's face as he stood talking to Brad. For a moment, she attempted to aim at his face, but that was too ambitious. The back of Brad's head was also a little too ambitious, so she aimed for his upper body and fired. 
The bullet from Jadyn's gun hit Brad in the spine. He fell forward, coughing up blood, and hit the asphalt like a sack of moldering vegetables.
Jadyn hadn't wasted time between shots, but Derrick had been too fast. He dropped out of sight.
Dan fired numerous shots at Cullen as the man ran for cover. He didn't hit Cullen, but had caused him to panic and drop the rocket launcher. 
“That you, bitch!?” Derrick yelled from his hiding spot.
After a moment of silence, Jadyn yelled back that it was not her. Derrick gave a maniacal hoot of approval. One could have seen Derrick reveling that day, as if it were all a most rapturous occasion, but he also had a hard-on, and that hard-on was for the death of Jadyn. 
Derrick saw Brad's pistol lying on the ground next to his body. He figured that it might be a better weapon for the circumstances. He picked it up and peeked around the corner in estimation of where Jadyn was hiding. He saw nothing. He fired several times hoping she'd give up her location with movement, and still saw nothing. He ducked behind the fallen gunship again. 
Cullen came next to him. 
“You didn't get the rocket-launcher?” said Derrick.
“I was too open on those stairs, she nearly shot me.”
Derrick felt the bite of his wound cut deeper just then. He trained his pistol on Cullen's face. 
“How about this— you're getting that RPG right this second.”
“Bitch,” said Cullen, but turned around and ran for the rocket launcher anyway.
They shot at him, but Dan and Jadyn missed him during his frantic dash for the RPG. 
Derrick, armed again with his MG4, popped out from behind the gunship and tore up the embankment where Dan and Jadyn were. They dropped and rolled. Jadyn, on her back, lay flat against the ground. 
As dirt kicked up around her, flying on her face and in her eyes, she braced herself for the end. It would be very painful— briefly.
There was a sudden interruption in the gunfire. It was cut off by another gun. Diaz had stood up and was firing his service pistol at Derrick and hitting him. His shots weren't fully effective due to Derrick's body armor, but he did stop Derrick's advance. Derrick stumbled back to hiding. Diaz limped after him.
“What the fuck is he doing?” said Jadyn.
“He has the virus, he was bitten when we had to get new tires,” said Belinda, “I think he's buying us time— with his life.”
This was clearly news to Jadyn, and she knew there was little time for hesitation.
As there wasn't time to formulate a strategy, she stood and ran to the other side of the gunship. A witless Cullen, who had been fumbling with the rocket-launcher, was shot once in the head, and then twice just for safety. 
Jadyn then dove for cover, as Derrick had turned his machine gun toward her. 
When she came to the other side of the gunship, she found Diaz lying motionless on the road in a pool of blood.
She had one bullet left, she knew Derrick was wearing body armor. She knew he didn't need the rocket-launcher if he had more bullets in that hellish machine gun.
She heard the sound of a magazine slide out of its housing and clatter on asphalt. 
Gotta waste this mother-fucker, she heard herself think. At that, she dashed for the part of the wreck where Derrick was hiding.
She arrived, Derrick was holding an unloaded magazine. He scowled at her, belligerently. 
She took a shot at him. He shielded himself with his forearm, where he was not armored. He hollered and his body was knocked sidelong. 
With her last bullet used up, she rushed him.
He kicked at her, missing. She kicked at him, hitting. He turned toward her and grabbed at her with his remaining good arm.
They grappled, and for a moment, there was eye contact. What Derrick saw in her, underneath, was hard to decide. He was undeniably seeing the face of a survivor, but there was something else too— a hidden sorrow. Jadyn saw something in his eyes; ruthlessness, although that was accented with something more for his part— desolation. His hand reached for her throat, clenching. He got hold of it and squeezed.
To Jadyn, the world started to spin.
Derrick felt two painful jabs in his midsection. His grip loosened as Jadyn had thrust her knee into his diaphragm. He stood dumbly with his mouth hanging open and drool around the corners. 
Jadyn also stumbled backwards, drooling.
After the day they'd had, either of them could have thrown the fight if this were for a prize. It wasn't though, it was a fight to the death.
They faced one another again, and she reached for his throat. She got her hands around his neck. He grabbed one arm as her fingers began to tighten. He struggled, and if he had a little fight left in him, it seemed he might be able to break her grip. Before he could, she tucked her arm, threw with her shoulder and connected an elbow with his jaw.
He spun around, but remained on his feet. Jadyn moved into position, and high-kicked him in the head. This time, he went down with his head taking another hard knock on the asphalt. He was out cold.
Jadyn looked at what resources she had to finish him, but thought of a good one. 
Grabbing Derrick's collar, she drug him to the pool of blood around Diaz' body and dropped his face in it. His face slapped down, splashing warm blood on cold asphalt. 
In that final moment between them, Jadyn was nearly humbled a last time when the blood droplets flew up, splattering near her eyes and mouth.
She panted haggardly above him, like a predator over its prey after an unexpectedly grueling hunt.
Jadyn's remaining two companions stood up, resembling children emerging from a bombed building— curious to see if all was clear. 

They were all three blank-eyed, and systematically shuffled westward toward Golden.
The small town was technically occupied by the military although no one could be seen standing guard. The military, it seemed, had been more or less drawn off by the battle. 
It took an hour of sneaking and hiding to navigate the remaining blocks between Golden to reach the foot of the mountains. 
At last, they arrived at the grassy incline of the first hills. 
With the fog heavy on the area, the snipers, which would have been at posts up the hill, had also dispersed.



     	   Thirty-Nine — The Warrior

Their feet fell on uneven, upward ground. Clumps of grass gone dead for the winter paved the way into the mountains. Nobody said much of anything. 
Their grunts filled the air with misty huffs of breath. 
Dan mentioned that the edge of the trees would be near the top of the mountain, the edge of a coniferous forest. They were ready to consider those pines home. 
Jadyn pictured them camping in the woods, lying against rocks and trees, sprawling in meadows where no human existence was evident. Images informed by a slideshow of memories from family camping trips when she was a kid, back when they were all still together. She figured it was time to stop torturing herself as she tried to imagine the smell of a hot campfire stew. 
They thought hungrily of their next meal. They all wanted to bitch about this or that, but complaints stopped at the lips. The incline was too tiring. 
It was some ten minutes into the hike when Jadyn heard a sound which upset her, a mechanical whirring sound—too distinctive to forget even years after the first time she heard it. 
This—thing had been on her mind in the last few days since she'd encountered another one out in the city— a Night Owl drone. A human-hunter. The thought of encountering of one of those, here and now, exposed on a bare mountainside, was dreadful. 
Anger gripped her when she turned to look for it. The bastards would never let it go. 
“Quiet,” she said, motioning them to stop with a hand. “The sound I hear out there is an advanced antipersonnel drone. It sees in thermal vision, and if it gets close to us, we might be fucked.”
“What are we going to do!?” said Belinda.
“Up the hill. No going back, no surrender,” said Jadyn, “The trees, we stand a chance in there.”
“Jesus Christ.” 
They found the strength to at least jog up the hill. There was no sprinting at that grade. To reach the trees was still a bit of a hike from where they were.
“Eyes ahead,” said Jadyn. “Don't twist an ankle.”
The sound was getting closer though, and they knew it. Hair on the back of Jadyn's neck stood as she could tell the aircraft was way too close for comfort. Then, a moment came when the three of them couldn't help but look back, and there it was. It loomed dark, a bird god above them, skull-like in shape, and black in color— a great vulture's maw in the gloom.
Before they knew it the thing chopped above them, then to higher ground. With rotary flight, it handily maneuvered over the steep ridges.
“What's it up to!?” said Belinda.
“Maybe just laser-painting us before coming around for another pass? I don't know. Move sideways so we won’t be on the same axis when it comes back.” 
Belinda nodded. 
“Maybe it isn't going to attack. It passed us,” said Dan.
“Didn't you hear what she said? It was probably laser painting us.”
“It's not the Mountain Welcoming Committee, I promise you,” said Jadyn. “Now follow.”
“Well,” said Dan, “it was nice knowing both of you.”
Jadyn scrambled over a ridge heading northward. There was nothing to do but follow her. 
“Until we can get to the trees, the ravines are our only chance!” she said. And a pretty small one, she thought to herself.
They cleared two ridges together and had not yet seen the drone again. However, the sound of its rotors' purr carried over the hills like a whispered death threat.
It had been almost a minute since they'd seen the drone. They came to a ledge where there was no choice but to veer southwest. This meant going higher and more visible, but it was the only way to reach the trees.
“This is where we make a break for it,” said Jadyn, indicating the imminent danger ahead of them. It was necessary to almost double back on the progress they'd made in the last several minutes, but upward they went. 
They ran across the switchback roads which eventually wound to the adjacent mountain. After passing over the road a few times, they were on more even ground and running along a footpath not far below the main spine of the mountain. 
Jadyn was in the lead with Dan not far behind. Belinda struggled on the final stretch before the cliffs, trees, and a downhill run. For all their adrenaline, they were yet imprisoned by a perpetual sense of slow-motion.
Panic struck Belinda when she knew the drone was not only behind her, but drawing close. She could feel its thermal eyes on the back of her head. She looked back and saw it lurch forward toward her picking up speed. 
“It's onto us!” she cried.
With running no longer an option, she opted to try to dodge it. With no idea what it was going to attack, or when. She froze, trying to assess the situation. 
There was a hum that came from the rail-gun mounted to the nose of the ship. Belinda jumped and rolled sideways, but her legs were hit. 
By that point, Jadyn and Dan had looked back; Jadyn was thirty yards up the mountain, Dan was twenty. 
Belinda was lying on the ground, howling and covered in blood. Jadyn saw her lower leg from the knee down was amputated. 
Jadyn and Dan gave each other a glance.
“She's gone,” said Jadyn.
Dan returned her a stare that was understanding, but pleading.
“Should we leave her like that? Can't we stop the suffering?”
“We'll die doing that,” said Jadyn. 
“I've got bullets left,” said Dan. “I'll make it quick for her.”
“Well, save two for us then,” said Jadyn. Then, at length, “C'mon.” 
Jadyn ran downhill with Dan chasing after her.
She arrived, knelt down and examined Belinda. There were wounds in addition to the severed leg—bullet wounds in her thighs, her left hand had been gashed nearly in two.
“End it. Please.”
Jadyn sighed as Dan appeared by them.
“Yes,” she said, looking at Dan. She put a hand on Belinda's damp face, “Sorry.”
Belinda nodded. 
Jadyn kissed Belinda's hand.
“Go,” said Belinda.
Jadyn nodded, then stood and faced Dan, speaking quietly.
“I'm going to try and lure it up the hill. Meet me in the woods later if possible.” 	
“Belinda,” she said, and raised a hand in farewell.
“Bye,” said Belinda, mustering courage.
Jadyn ran swiftly then, back up the hill.
“No ceremony, Dan,” she said. “Quickly, and go.”
“It will be quick,” he said. 
Dan reached into his bag and felt for the bullets. He found the box and plucked the cartridges out with finality and hesitation. 
“Aim good,” said Belinda, through a quivering throat, “and get the fuck out of here.”

Jadyn had surpassed her original turning back point. She'd correctly guessed that the drone would follow her. She knew it was closing in on her and, in the adrenaline boost of her lifetime, ran uphill at extraordinary speeds. There were trees, only a few, but perhaps the last aid she needed to reach the spine of the mountain. 
Not knowing for sure what she would find, she was relieved to at last see forest ahead. The rocky cliffs by the trees even looked like good shelter from the drone if she could find a spot.
The drone came again, from the east this time, but it wasn't well poised to shoot her after having to dodge a lone tree at the last second. It had no trouble keeping track of her. She thought that if the drone got one more chance, it was sure to kill her.
Jadyn got to the mountain's summit, rocky ground and surrounded by trees. There was a great rock jutting upward out of the top of the mountain which she could hide behind. Beyond the rock, the drone circled and she knew it would momentarily come by for a pass.
She used the great rock as a barrier as it came in closer. The machine's hovering slowed and looked as though it intended to wait her out. Jadyn made a connection at the last moment. 
When she had knelt next to Belinda, her hand had dropped onto the separated head of the axe Belinda carried, and which had been splintered apart from the shaft by the drone's rail-gun. Jadyn's fingers had wrapped around the head of the axe unconsciously, and by some strange providence, still had it in her hand after leaving Belinda's side. Now, with death moments away, still holding it, she hurled the axe head into the right air intake of the drone. 
Metal ground on metal and then there were ear-piercing sounds of shattering. An internal explosion followed, smoke appeared and the drone spun out, smashing against the jutting rock, then clattering downward into trees.
It settled between trees where its nose stopped just feet from ground, just enough so that Jadyn could a better look at it. She approached it with caution, but there was something of a purpose with which she did.
Seeing it was rendered powerless, but not destroyed completely, she noticed the sensor equipment was still intact, and elected to have a word with whoever may be across the void.
“Good, what a victory—shooting her down with your state-of-the-art drone. A woman fleeing Hell.”
The microphone stared blankly back at her. She didn't know if it was still picking up sound, just as she didn't know if the weapons on the drone were still operational. She was aware that it could still kill her if the second one was true, but chanced it anyway. 
“Only days ago, that woman lost her husband to murder. Rest in peace. Here we were, living in quarantine, uninfected for months, surviving by the grace of chance, living out a nightmare—every day worse than the one before it, worse than anyone outside can believe. We decided to leave together, even knowing what it meant. There were many I knew who died by the plague, but there were just as many I knew who were killed by uninfected people; people a whole hell of a lot like you—just regular assholes killing from behind their machines.”
Jadyn took a few steps, kneeling to pick up a heavy rock from the ground.           
“Now that you won't be using your drone to shoot us, let me introduce you to the stone age, you mother-fucker.”
She brought the rock down over her head onto the microphone, destroying it. 
Dan came up behind Jadyn and the wreck, awestruck by what he beheld. 
“You got it!?” 
Jadyn nodded, her eyes then falling on his pistol. “You did what needed doing?”
“Yeah.”
Jadyn inhaled deeply. Then a buzz, an electronic chirping and a low hum came from the drone.
“Fuck!” she said, running away, “it's gonna blow!” 
They ran for their lives and dove to the ground at the noise made by the explosion. 
Wood and metal splinters sailed through the air. They had made it downhill from the blast, although the forest floor was blanketed in debris that continued falling out of the sky. Both had debris land on and around them. 
“Whoa,” said Dan, and looked his companion in the eye. Her neutrality told the story that she hadn't been hurt either.
“Self-destruct?”
“Must be.”
“You OK?”
“Yeah,” said Jadyn. Then, rising slowly to her feet, “I'm all right. I'm good-to-fucking-go.”
Though she was suddenly aware that she did have an injury, the palm of her right hand was throbbing and coated in blood. She looked at the gash in her hand. A last kiss from the axe head as it took flight.




	   Forty — In NORAD

Sitting in a sterile room, miles and miles away, there was a man faced with multiple monitors which now displayed a combination of static and black-out. He had winced from the pain in his ears as his headphones relayed the loud noise of his far-off microphone being destroyed. 
A few minutes ago, he had been controlling an advanced Unmanned Air Vehicle, now there was just a wall of displays and controls before him which were utterly useless.
He had been vanquished, and the sweat gathering on his forehead and neck was nothing compared to the palpable combination of guilt and humiliation hanging like a shroud over his head. 
He sat back in his chair, not quite knowing what he was going to say to explain this fiasco to his superior officers. 
He was in the old NORAD base by Colorado Springs. It had been re-opened to help deal with the plague. Being in close proximity to Denver, yet safely far away, it had become a key command center. 
Colonel Lee F. Ashby, twenty-first century flyboy, Porsche driver, well-known and well-liked officer, was about to find himself lean on explanations for losing a state-of-the-art stealth drone to an axe-wielding mad woman. 
Col. Ashby sat staring at his control panel with heat mounting up in his skull as he prayed an alibi would grace him.
One never did, but it was soon that he realized there was something off-putting about the entire predicament. The woman that had sent his UAV to the ground had called him an asshole. When he mulled it over in his head for a moment, he found he agreed with her. He didn't like that. 
Many times in the last months, General Solis had reminded those engaged in the containment effort that securing the perimeters and stopping refugees was 'for the good of the planet.'
When people learned the full extent of the virus they were combating, the containment of a few refugees seemed like a fair tradeoff. Not once, but many times in recent months, Colonel Lee F. Ashby had used his UAV to fire on unknown U.S. civilians that were merely potential carriers of the virus. 
Not until today had one of them been any match for a Night OWL. 
Not until today did he begin to question the authority he took on, killing refugees. 
The initial fright caused by the outbreak throughout the world had made no measure seem too eccentric. Not long ago, the nuking of Denver had been an option on the table. 
Now the plague was slowing, or contained even, and the contaminated area was shrinking. 
The colonel wondered if killing refugees was something that they should still have been up to. 
He decided that he was done with it as he stared, answerless, at his blacked-out displays. 
He pushed away from the console and stood from his chair. His small room had never smelled so stale and of rank sweat. He was done with the room as well, and headed for the exit. 
The door to the room burst open before he got to it. It was another officer who flew UAV's in his unit. He was well-acquainted with the man, Major Korlin. Major Korlin looked giddy, as though he’d had one too many bottles of Mountain Dew that day. 
“Hey bud, what's goin' on?” said the Major.
“Nothing at all.”
Major Korlin saw past Colonel Ashby's shoulder. 
“Hey, what the hell happened? Your equipment malfunctioning?”
“Something else. I've been taken down—by hostile—by refugees.” 
“No fucking kidding? Holy shit, who got ya? Give me the coordinates.” 
“No, Major.” 
“What? What do you mean 'no'?”
“They're refugees trying to get to safety. It's fine, I'm letting them escape.”
“Uh, what?” said the major, “The containment? Our fucking mission!?”
“This is over. No more.” 
“No, there will be more. I’ll report this.”
“I'll report it, but nobody gets the coordinates either way.” 
The major looked exasperated at this, pinching the bridge of his nose like he expected a migraine soon. 
“Dude, the World is counting on us. Give me the goddamned coordinates.”
“Stand down, major. I told you what's going to happen.”
“There's no standing down here, we both have orders from above.” 
“That's too bad.” 
Major Korlin lunged at him. In an instant, they were grappling each other, knocking the colonel's chair over and both up against the control panel. 
They held each other in an arm-lock, neither able to overpower the other. Then the major kicked several times at the colonel's abdomen, eventually landing a crippling blow. The colonel fell, his face brightening to a primary red and losing drool down his chin. 
“Now you'll tell me where they are,” said the major, “or I'll give you a concussion up against your fucked-up console.”
“Give it a shot.”
That earned the colonel several severe punches to the head and face. 
“I'm gonna find them, but first you're going to be beaten for jeopardizing the mission, you fucking bitch, and treason!” 
With the colonel now drooling and bleeding, three more officers burst into the room.
Two of them pulled the major off of the colonel as he bellowed hoarse curses at Ashby.
When the men understood some semblance of what the disagreement was about, the colonel was carried out of the room. 
He was walked arm in arm down the corridors and put in a temporary holding cell. One of the officers was sent to notify high command. 
The officer with the unenviable task of breaking the news finally arrived at the central command station. Lieutenant General Brinkman gave him an almost nonexistent glance. He went back to looking at a monitor after seeing the arrival of the officer. For a moment, or a minute, he seemed like he'd never acknowledge the man.

Sweat trickled down Ashby's swelling face as he sat in a chair in a bleached-out room somewhere in NORAD's old base built inside of a mountain outside of Colorado Springs. 
An officer that Ashby had been peers with leaned down and spoke in a husky voice, exhaling hot breath against the side of his head:
“Lieutenant General Brinkman is here to talk to you.”
“Good,” said Ashby, and then he could feel the thoughts of the other man penetrating his skull. They were angry thoughts. 
When, minutes later, the Lieutenant General had entered the room, dismissed other officers and positioned his chair across from Colonel Ashby, he sat looking at the man. 
The pinched forehead, raised eyebrow and thousand-yard stare conveyed unreadable emotion in the General, as it was meant to. It was his blank assessment face, and it had gotten practice.
“It sounds like you're not playing the game anymore.” 
“No. I used my own judgment.” 
“That's not what people in Washington, people in your ranks, or the people of the outside world want to hear. You've gone off on your own? A free agent? You reserve your own special brand of judgment for the safety of the United States? Despite the warnings we've all heard from the best minds of our time?”
“It was a special case.” 
“There can't be a special case. We're the line of defense against a potentially devastating worldwide plague. You losing a multi-million dollar UAV to let a detainee escape was a special case? Christ Almighty, I will have to make sure to get myself a pass into the sheltered world you come from.” 
“I know the consequences for all this… and my 'sheltered world'— stop by anytime.”
“Won't that be nifty? You'll get court-martialed, you'll be tried, and you'll go to the brig.” 
“Well, if so—fuck it.”
The general let out a long sigh and rubbed his temple for added effect.
“If you could just give me your last coordinates…” said the high officer, leaning in, “I could make this a matter of equipment failure— instead of treason.” 
“Ah…” said the colonel, “…treason is it? I've been killing American refugees left and right to contain the plague.” 
“Where is this coming from? We're dealing with an unprecedented disaster. Who or what got in there and fucked your head up about the simple nature of this thing?”
“I don't know, but she was good. She was very goddamned good. I can't go back, it's over.”
“We'll be able to find your last coordinates when we open up that machine and examine its electronic log, you know?”
“All right,” said the colonel, “I guess you will.”


The interior of his car looked a lot dustier than it had on his morning drive into work. With the midday sun beaming through his windshield, he could see the filth that had gathered on the dashboard and center console over time. His normal routine had him working sixteen-hour days of late. His car, classic Porsche though it was, had become an afterthought in his life. 
Seeing it now, he was immediately drawn toward correcting this gross build-up of dust and grime. He reached around into his back seat, under the passenger chair. He pulled up a bottle of spray and a rag. He threw trash from his center console onto the passenger floor where it mixed with fast-food wrappers.
He got to work, wiping away dust from the vents and display area. From there, he moved on to the main dashboard. He hadn't gotten very far when he caught a glimpse of General Brinkman watching him from the entrance to the base. 
There was nothing malevolent about the way Brinkman stared at him, but it made Ashby uneasy. He put down the wipes and closed the lid of the carton. The future for one Colonel Ashby of Tullahoma, Tennessee, was pretty uncertain. Instead of sitting here in the parking lot of the military base he'd just double-crossed, in their minds, at least, he thought he might hold off on the dashboard shine for a bit longer. 
He stuck his key in the ignition and felt relieved when the engine fired up. Though it always did, he worried that it might fail merely because he was under the observation of the intimidating General. 
He backed out of the parking space respectfully slow, still under the eye of the General. 
On the way out of the parking lot, and until he was well out of sight, he kept the car in low gear. Although when he was on the nearest straightaway and out of sight of the base, he put the throttle all the way up. 
Questions buzzed through his mind about his future and also how his wife might take to his decision to disappear from the military. 
Down the mountain he went, making a terrific racket as the growl of the engine bounced through trees, reverberated up and down the gorge. 
As he raced around the bends headed downward and glimpsed new, empty stretches of road, it occurred to him that he himself might not stop for a blockade if he were to run into one.    



	 Forty-One — Trial by Ice

A ways to the north, Jadyn and Dan entered the mountains. It was quiet. Low clouds and silent snowfall blotted-out the world. Dan looked ahead to her.
“Could we rest?”
Jadyn looked back. For a little, they had seen smoke rising from the drone crash, but now it was out of sight. 
“I wouldn't take any chances. It's cold,” said Jadyn, “and if they want to, they can easily hunt us. We'd better keep moving.” 
Dan glanced downward and sighed. He thought of ending his plight just then by putting a bullet through his temple, but after weighing the option for several lengthy seconds, he ran ahead to join his companion. 


 
Epilogue 

Derrick wandered the grassy hills which ran up and down the Rocky Mountain range between Denver and the base of the mountains. He was somewhere west of highway ninety-three. He didn't know where he was going, but that shouldn't have been a surprise to anybody, because by then he was dead; or undead, as some people had taken to referring to those with his particular affliction.
Nevertheless, he was under the watchful eye of someone who knew how to make his problems go away. A round, black circle encompassed the man that had been Derrick and a black cross dissected his head four times. The sniper was patient, waiting for the conditions to be just right. 
A man pulled a trigger. He felt the usual slight suspense between pulling the trigger and seeing the shot land in his target. 
The gunner watched Derrick's head erupt in a splatter of black chunks, and then he fell just out of the sniper's view.
The man spoke into his radio and alerted the clean-up crew.
Yesterday, the area had been a mess—with at least two refugees still at large. Today was more of back-to-business-as-usual. The boundaries were tightened a little bit every day. The purging of the plague was so far so good. As in, it hadn't claimed another city or even a major town since the outbreak. 
It was some kind of gratification, at least, for those involved in containing it.

Elsewhere among the hills, another being was on the lookout. This one had four legs and a long snout. He was a black-furred loner in spite of the fact that his kind liked to travel in packs. He and his ancestors had been on a long journey, having journeyed down from Yellowstone. He was one of few of the wolves that had come back to Colorado after a long period of eradication.
The lone wolf was mostly interested in small game, but would also consume dead things when they were interesting enough. He came across a dead man whose head was burst open. Soft, fleshy parts were strewn over the ground. The man, too, was black, but the wolf thought his fur was strange, so it began to consume the fleshy bits on the ground first. 
Satisfied with the taste, the wolf developed a greedy eating clip. So much so, that the wolf shortly retreated to a nearby overhang to lord over a triumphant discovery.
Later, a truck of soldiers pulled up to the location they'd been instructed to go for a contamination clean-up. They walked the area looking for the corpse of a man who had been described as wearing a black trench coat.
One of the soldiers got on the radio and was guided to the location by the sniper. What he saw when he got there sent a piercing cold down his insides and almost made his breakfast skip digestion. There was a mangy wolf with gleaming eyes and bloody remains dangling from its jaws—staring into his own fear-stricken eyes. He then remembered that he had a gun, but before he could shoot the animal, it dashed into a gulley and was away. 

The wolf ran among the hills and brush and became possessed of a grossly disproportionate appetite, not unlike the man he had so recently consumed. It would've been well to know where the beast went after this, but no one could find it. 
If Jadyn and Dan had just known that the wolf was to follow them into the mountains by almost the exact same route that they took, they could have lain in wait and ambushed it. At least that way, they might have put a stop to all the madness that came afterwards. 


