











NFL CONCUSSION PROTOCOL: THE TRAGEDY
A FUCKING NOVEL BY KIM CANCER
COPYRIGHT 2021, KIM CANCER AND METH LAB PRESS

(This novel is for FREE distribution. IT IS NOT FOR SALE. Any unauthorized use of this book will get you punched in the face.)











DISCLAIMER: 

This book delves into graphic subjects and mindsets. The subject matter concerns various mental and physical issues, mass media, professional sports, and contemporary society. 
This book is an exploration of psychology and a work of fiction. It is a study of cause and effect, effect and cause.  
It is a study of ghosts, both living and dead. 



The Funeral Home:

“It used to be a funeral home…”
“Whoa, it is… gothic… and that burgundy color… looks a bit like an old church. It’s definitely big enough for all three of the kids,” says Susan, who’s stirring nervously in her seat and repeatedly sweeping back a wayward strand of wavy golden hair behind her right ear.
Jim, her husband, seemingly pays little attention, and mumbles “kids” sarcastically. Sitting behind the wheel of his black Porsche SUV, his eyes are empty as open graves. He snarls and turns the steering wheel, nosing the vehicle smoothly into the property’s long, straight, almost endless driveway that reminds Susan of a tarmac. 
“How long will the project last?” she inquires. Her voice slightly raises. Anger and annoyance are coursing through her.   
Jim relapses into silence, then shrugs his shoulders, parks the car. Susan sighs and shakes her head. 
“Typical Jim,” she thinks, “malignant in his reserve and stoic in his void.” 

The two exit the vehicle. Susan’s high heels clicking rhythmically on the black pavement of the driveway as they walk towards the verandah, step up the curiously steep stairs and approach the high, pitched, thick black metal gothic double doors. The entranceway is cut from granite stone and has ornate carvings of Biblical themes and 3-foot statues of Peter, Paul, Jesus and Mary built into the lower left and right sides of the archway.  

The door opens inwardly, as if by itself. The pair are met by a real estate agent, a frumpy woman who materializes, like an apparition. The schmoozy woman smiles with her whole face and ushers the couple inside. 
Susan thinks the agent just looks like an agent, just looks like someone from a real estate sign. Like she’s more of a photograph than a person. 
The agent moves fast for a woman of her size, and makes cloying conversation, attempting to ingratiate herself, and as she speaks, she laughs mechanically in a way that reminds Susan of the sounds of sitcoms she’d watched as a kid, like Married With Children and Friends. Those 90s sitcoms with laugh tracks that’d go off in bursts at snappy one-liners. 
Susan wonders if the real estate agent is a human at all, or if she’s a bot, a cyborg, or AI hologram. 
Then Susan starts to notice the agent’s perfume, how musky it is, how it lingers in the air as the agent whisks them through the furnished house. No robot would be programmed to smell like that, Susan thinks. 
They move fast through the first floor, their heads on a swivel. The agent’s hands glide, gracefully, as if in tai chi movements, and she speaks of amenities, distances, and dimensions.
Inspecting the antique furniture, the drapes of crushed velvet, the house strikes Susan as a time warp. Or perhaps a bizarre, grotesque museum. Everything seems dusty, like a museum, and although every room has large windows, little light enters the house. There’s such a grimness to the place. A stuffy feeling. An ugliness to everything.  
Even the hardwood floors. They look freshly polished; however, their shine is almost unnaturally sparkly, Susan posits. She scratches her nose and notices a strong antiseptic smell wafting in the air.  
When they step onto the wide staircase, they find themselves instantly on the second floor, unnervingly so, as if they didn’t climb the stairs at all, or as if Susan experienced a splice in time, or a spell of amnesia.  
Then they are checking each bedroom. They move with precision, at an almost military speed. The hallways slant and bend curiously, disturbing Susan’s equilibrium. 
The bedrooms are horrendous, each room painted a different unsightly color- lime green, 70s neon orange, banana yellow. Yikes. Whoever designed the place must have been color blind. Or insane. Susan ponders redecoration schemes… 
Susan is suddenly spooked by the rooms’ dim, unnatural light that repeats in various wall mirrors and gilded picture-frames. It’s a sepia tone that’s harsh, hideous. 
Gazing at one of the picture-frames, she’s creeped out to notice that all the picture-frames hanging about the house are empty. Every single one of them. They are devoid of photos, paintings, anything, and Susan feels it renders the house indescribably creepy and bleak…  
Besides barren, the house just seems… chaotic, uneven and off-balance. It’s as if the house was an experiment, a strange arrangement of angles, geometric spaces and patterns only a mathematician could understand. Every room seems like a wrong turn, a dead end in a maze. Every room she sees is confusing and ultimately unsettling.
In addition to her aesthetic repulsion and discombobulation, viewing the house just feels joyless. It’s a mechanical, cold task. It’s automatic. It’s forced. There’s no happiness here. The place feels suffocating. Susan loses her breath and wheezes once or twice, like she’s at a high altitude. 
After inspecting the fully furnished bedrooms, which, to Susan, are all morbid, they’re at once in the basement; and again, Susan only recalls beginning down the stairs from the second floor, right as she was thinking of how the stairs remind her of an Escher print...  

The basement is a tall, windowless space. It is bright white. White everything. Shiny white linoleum floor, white paneling, white walls with Grecian cornices, but in the background, the basement’s space is vast and dark, and Susan sees stars, moons, and planets, cosmic debris and what looks to be an asteroid, the space rock barreling forth, in their direction, like a wrecking ball. 
Susan presses her eyes shut, grinds her teeth, braces herself for impact, feeling as if she’s aboard a passenger plane, about to crash. 
But she opens her eyes to find herself in a forward motion, from the living room toward the kitchen, and Susan has a sensation that their feet aren’t moving, that the floor is moving, instead of them, like the floor is an electronic machine, a people mover, like in the airport. She feels a hard stop and gets slightly dizzy crossing into the kitchen.  
She shudders, gulps instinctively, then pans her gaze around the spacious, fully equipped kitchen, with its silver refrigerator, and modern appliances. It’s a stark contrast to the rest of the house. It’s so… modern… It’s light and there’s not a single antique… It could be in one of those “Modern Homes” magazines she sees at the supermarket.
Surprised by the commodious kitchen’s immense size, she also thinks the house appears far larger, almost infinite inside; the house far bigger than it seemed from the outside. 
Jim, as usual, doesn’t speak much to the agent or Susan, just grunts and snorts, here and there, but he stops to take a business call, rages at his phone, drowning out the tinny voice in his headset. Hoarsely, he bellows out something unpleasant regarding a projected target date.

Susan does most of the talking with the agent, asking the usual, perfunctory house-related questions, inquiring about the neighborhood too. 
However, in truth, she’s confused and scared. She already hates the house, its design. Its effect on her. The psychic visions and unnatural movements. How she’s losing her grip. It’s as if the place was meant to be intimidating, disorienting, and ugly. 
It could have been nice, warm, a real home, perhaps, Susan thinks to herself, pensively. It has huge panoramic windows in the living room, a wide staircase in the anteroom, and its chestnut brown hardwood flooring is an inviting color. There’s plush antique furniture everywhere, 19th century moldings, and recently added marble flooring and brass fixtures in the bathrooms. 
And the kitchen, even by Susan’s standards, is immaculate. It’s sparkling, and state of the art, having just been remodeled, and has a fancy, see-through fridge, and smart controls for the appliances. 
It could have been a nice home, Susan thinks. It really could have, if not for…

Behind the house sits a sizable spit of land, a behemoth of a backyard. Tragically, though, it is an eyesore. The square patch of land is filled with only shabby wildflowers and bushes and is bisected by a small unkempt lawn. 
The backyard is curiously empty, giving it a strange, eerily vacant and lonely feeling. She’d never seen a backyard that big be so empty. Not a patio set or a wooden table or grill or playground or pebble path or bird bath or anything. Susan thinks it probably should have a pool, given its tremendous size, but considering the house’s history, she understands why no pool was installed. 
The house’s history, yes, it flits through her mind, once again. The history is probably what makes it appear uglier than it is. 
Almost telepathically, the agent’s smug robotic face shifts, darkens, and becomes downcast, as she lowers her double chin toward the floor, the basement. 
“So, you know, this property was a business, providing services for those who’d passed on,” the agent’s cheery voice deadens and sounds apologetic. 
“Services for those who’d passed?” scoffs Jim. The sarcastic tone of his voice clearly mocks the agent’s euphemism, and he cocks his big head to the side, his hazel eyes narrowing. He stares dead on at the agent and sneers at her, menacingly, his pearly white teeth peeking out from underneath his curled, thin upper lip, his bleached choppers gleaming in the bright sunlight slanting in from the kitchen’s floor to ceiling windows. 
“It was a funeral home, yes. But this was disclosed in the literature. And it’s why the place is renting for a fraction of the price of the others in this neighborhood,” the agent goes on, matter-of-factly. Her tone returning to saccharine, her eyes brightening, she continues, “This place is a steal. A property this size…”
“The price is hardly a steal if it’s really haunted! Your literature didn’t mention anything about that,” Susan shoots back, her venomous candor taking the agent off guard. 
“There was… was an unfortunate…” the agent bumbles, turning her cheek to avert the couple’s scrutinizing gaze. 
Susan’s sigh interrupts the agent’s feeble attempt at an explanation. “Unfortunate?” Susan blurts out, her face twisting into a harsh scowl. 
Susan sniggers, clucks at the agent’s callousness, and goes on, “The kid killed his siblings, his parents, then went to his school and shot 25 people. He claimed he’d been possessed by demonic spirits and had a paranormal expert testify on his behalf in court. Please, we heard about it on the news, and we read about the case online just this morning,” Susan’s arms are akimbo as she speaks; her eyes are bulging, electric in anger. 
The agent rolls her eyes, flutters her long fake lashes and draws in a deep breath. She shakes her head and brushes back the curly black bangs hanging astray from her chignon. 
Then the agent stiffens up. Perhaps expecting another fusillade of questions or complaints to spring from the couple’s lips, the agent decides to play hardball, and her tone suddenly shifts to one of robotic rage and forced politeness. 
“Okay, okay, you folks know the history of the place. It was all over the news. But remember, the kid eventually pled guilty, and no such evidence of ‘paranormal’ anything was found.” The agent flicks her fingers in air quotes around the word “paranormal,” and continues, “The show on TLC came up with only white noise. Because, frankly, that sort of ghost stuff doesn’t exist.” 
The agent pauses and her cyborg smile shifts back on, as if her software has set her veneer back to sugary. 
Her voice sweetens too, but she speaks, condescendingly, like a mother who just lashed out at a petulant child, “You see, this is what we refer to as a ‘distressed property,’ yes, but this is the only property for rent in this neighborhood. You said you wanted a house here for 6 months. You said you wanted to be near downtown. Well, this is it. If you aren’t interested, I understand, and I can show you a similar property. Buuuuut,” Susan winces at how the agent draws out that syllable, “it’s an hour farther from the city and twice as expensive. And I already have three other clients interested in this property, soooo, please, take a few minutes, talk amongst yourselves, look around a bit more if you’d like. I’ll be waiting outside.”
The agent’s smile grows so big and forced Susan worries it might explode the lady’s cheekbones. The agent turns and clicks off, her heels talking to the floor at an incongruous clip as she plucks out her phone from her black Fendi handbag and saunters away staring and swiping at the device. 
Susan believes the device might be controlling the agent somehow, a digital overlord… 
Jim nods his head, “Susan,” he says, speaking her name for the first time in what seems like years, not just calling her “you…” 
“Susan, I can’t live in an apartment again. Even a big condo. I hate having people living on the other side of the wall. I hate smelling people’s food in the hallway. I can’t do it again. I can’t.” 
Jim pans his gaze, toward the spacious dining room, the place still furnished with the previous owner’s belongings. The couple’s relative who’d inherited the property, while attempting, unsuccessfully to sell it, had decided to rent it, and had kept it furnished with the belongings of the slain family. 
“But, Jim, it is… so… so… creepy. I mean, what happened here. It was a funeral home, and then… Ick, it’s… I mean, what if it really is haunted?” 
Goosebumps run up Susan’s arms and she feels a chill splash over her, like she’s had a glass of ice water thrown at her. 
“Do you believe in that crap? I don’t. I want a house. I want my space. I don’t want to drive four hours every day. It’s only 20 minutes from here to the office. We’re renting the place and moving in.” 
And with that, the matter is settled. Jim’s big round eyes remind her of portholes on a sailing ship as he lumbers his massive frame out of the kitchen, through the house, to the verandah, on his way to speak with the agent and sign the lease. 

Susan, her arms crossed over her chest, taps her foot impatiently, shakes her head and grimaces. She thinks back to when she was younger, working part-time as a cheerleader. That was when she met Jim, when he was a rookie in the NFL. 
Like she often does, she thinks back to those days, but not nostalgically. Because sometimes, just sometimes, though increasingly often these days, she wishes she didn’t get pregnant then… 
She wishes she’d stayed in college. She liked reading and studying, campus life… And she wishes she had started the clothing business she’d dreamed about. She’d had an idea for something like Lululemon, athleisure wear. But she’d never pursued it. And that haunts her… The missed window of opportunity. It hurts her, watching the Lululemon company raking in billions. Seeing every housewife, every lady in her neighborhood in yoga pants. And now, here she is, having lost all her money. Money she didn’t even earn. Money she’d married… Pathetic…  
Worse yet, though it makes her ashamed, her mind sinks further into regret, and sometimes… sometimes she wishes she’d not gotten pregnant. At all.  
She hates thinking she shouldn’t have had that kid, that first one. But she can’t help it. And there are times she regrets the others, too. She really can’t help thinking about what she could have been. Her son, her daughter, even her youngest son, just their faces, remind her of that missed time, missed opportunities, her unrealized dreams. Just their faces can be such cruel, cruel reminders.  
She loves her children and hates thinking like this. It makes her ugly, a hideous, terrible person, she knows, but the thoughts remain, appear in transit, like awful graffiti scrawled on a highway overpass…
All these thoughts flit through her mind as she stands there, defeated. Her youth gone. And now their fortune was nearly gone too. They had debts piling up after Jim’s business ventures went sour. They had to sell their mansion, most of their possessions, most of their cars, their cute speedboat. Like so many other NFL players, Jim had found his earnings squandered and vanished. 
She should have stepped in. She should have done more. But she was busy, with the kids, with the charities. 
She was just as guilty, too, she figures, having taken those retail therapy shopping trips, those European vacations, booking those first-class plane tickets, even for short flights, and those ridiculously fancy lunches and dinners, those afternoons of facials, Dead Sea mud wraps, manicures and pedicures, foot massages at the spa. 
She knows her harsh reality. That this is what it is. That Jim must take on this project. She knows they could, theoretically, get by without it, get by on his healthy NFL pension, but if this project takes off, if it is a hit, they’ll be rich again. Really rich again, Jim says.  
She wants to believe it. She wants more than anything to be rich again. To not have to worry about money. To not have to deal with jerks like that leasing agent, the patronizing robotic bitch. That’s the best part of having fuck you money, she remembers, being able to say “fuck you.” Not having to take shit from anyone. 
“Dammit, ugh, I guess we’ve got no choice,” she mutters to herself. She hangs her head low, draws in a deep breath. Then she exhales, suddenly finding herself sitting in the passenger seat of their car, the Porsche inching in reverse, rolling out of their new home’s tarmac-like driveway.  


New Money:

Susan slumps in the passenger seat, her face glued to her phone. But she can’t focus on her Facebook feed. Instead, her mind drifts and shifts, like a remote control clicking through television channels. Then she fixates, ruminating on the couple’s recent life, their dire change in circumstances…
They’d been rich. They’d been “new money.” 
They’d bought an ostentatious, 10,000 square-foot mansion. The sprawling property had previously belonged to a movie star and had vaulted ceilings, teak double doors, bulbous white fixtures, crystal chandeliers, bay windows, multiple fireplaces, and infinite rows of rooms, rooms fitted in oak paneling, oak bookshelves, and an arcade with pool tables and video games, and a luxurious fitness center with a jacuzzi, sauna, free weights, fitness machines, spin bikes, treadmills, plus an indoor pool and an outdoor pool- both of which Susan had decorated with exotic plants and Hawaiian, tropical décor... 
Of course, they’d bought the place back when Jim was playing football, when those 6, 7, 8 figure NFL checks were rolling in and their bank balance was constantly elongating… Now, though, that the NFL cash had dried up, everything was different… 
Susan’s mind is racing; she is outwardly detached and taciturn. But inside, she is burning. She’s spinning, psychically, riddled in time scabs. She’s writing lists of lamentations. 
She’s considering the anomaly, the career of a pro athlete... The gift and the tragedy... How in most professions, one’s 40s, 50s are prime-earning years. But for pro athletes, very few continue to even play, let alone enjoy big paydays, far into their 30s... For most athletes, their late teens, 20s to early 30s are the windows of opportunity, their chance to amass a fortune, possibly accumulate generational wealth…   
For professional athletes, there’s only now or never, a window in time that opens ever so briefly... And Jim had seized upon it. Everything had come together, for a time, everything was ideal.
Jim and Susan’s situation, initially, was perfect. He was an all-pro and collected hefty checks. But, because of the anonymity of his position, because he wore a helmet, because he wasn’t the one scoring touchdowns, hardly anyone in the general public knew him. and the couple could go wherever they pleased… Unlike the team’s star quarterback, or even their coach, who weren’t able to appear in public without causing a mob scene or being hounded by journalists.  
Every so often Jim would be recognized due to the handful of print ads, endorsements he’d done for a local “Big and Tall” clothing chain. Sometimes a person in a car next to him in traffic might gape and point, perhaps yell, “Hey, you’re that guy!”
And there’d been a handful of times when he’d be stopped, asked for autographs or photo ops, often by young, aspiring offensive lineman from high school or college. But that wasn’t too often. Generally, there weren’t many folks among the public who could even pick his face out of a police lineup.
And that suited Jim and Susan just fine. 
Jim had told her, that as an offensive lineman, people usually only talked about him if he’d let up a sack or blew a coverage. The best offensive linemen are anonymous, they’re those you don’t hear of, he’d said… And given his outstanding performances, his prowess on the field, how he’d batter away defensive lineman and linebackers, very few outside the game’s analysts, coaches and players, die-hard fans, knew his name. 
Jim and Susan could go most anywhere, in anonymity, and only receive occasional stares that were more due to Susan’s fetching, cheerleader looks or the sheer immensity of Jim’s hulking, monstrous physique, the eyes of passersby shifting upwards as he’d tower imposingly over crowds, almost like Godzilla... 
Jim really is an enormous creature, a giant of a man, standing at 6’7. And he was nearly 330 pounds of muscle and fat, back in his playing days. Post-retirement, though, he’s slimmed down to a leaner 270, comprised largely of muscle and thick heavy bones... 
Following retirement, he stopped eating like a machine, cut back heavily from the 8,000 calories per day he’d consumed while playing. 
Back when he was playing, Susan jokingly called him a “human garbage disposal,” due to his proclivity to consume, pretty much eviscerate food. The man was practically always eating. Though it wasn’t due to gluttony. To be an NFL offensive lineman means one has to maintain, and at times even increase his weight.  
Jim’s usual daily diet would include: a breakfast of six scrambled eggs, 6 strips of bacon, 8 ounces of red meat, a bowl of chopped apples, a bowl of oatmeal, and three waffles, pancakes or bagels slathered in butter; lunches were 8-10 ounces of meat, two or three servings of rice or slices of toasted bread, and some fruits and vegetables; dinners were 16-20 ounces of meat, two more servings of rice or maybe pasta and two servings of vegetables. 
Then there’d be snacks throughout the day, like granola bars, and a protein shake that Jim would combine with another shake of chopped bananas and ice cream. 
Once accustomed to such dietary regimens, it shouldn’t be a surprise that retired offensive linemen often experience weight issues. But Jim had gladly cut back on his caloric intake, saying he’d considered it a chore to eat so prolifically. 
He’d also happily stopped lifting weights, saying he hated the smell of the gym and the sound of the clanking iron bars and dumbbells. 
Just as well, perhaps. His light exercise, swimming in the pool, was probably better, since Jim had been plagued by injuries, physical ailments, three knee surgeries, chronic back problems, and perpetually sore joints that had only gotten worse following his retirement, at age 38. 
Mornings were the worst, physically, for Jim. He’d limp and groan, struggle to unroot himself from bed. There’d been a time when he’d wake up and vivaciously swing his legs off the bed, but nowadays he slowly maneuvers his limbs like heavy objects elevated by a forklift. 
Some days were worse than others. But, every day, getting out of bed was a definite challenge. Every morning. Every morning, he’d wake up with a look of exasperation, a pained gaze, his humungous full-moon face looking like sleep had been punching at his unconscious rather than rejuvenating him. 
He’d let out low grunts, hot sighs, and fight his way to his feet, then walk, hunched over, like an old man, to the bathroom to gather himself. 
Then, throughout the day, Jim would be afflicted by throbbing headaches, when even the slightest sound appeared to be blaring into his ear with the volume of an air horn. He’d clench his teeth, press his eyes shut and stroke his head in an attempt to soothe the tenderness in his scalp, the tightening sensation in his skull. 
Sometimes he’d wear bulky, softball-sized noise-cancelling headphones, and listen to meditation music or white noise. He’d sit in his recliner, trembling, with his feet kicked up, those big earphones clamped on. He’d grimace as he’d hang his head low, close his eyes, purse his lips, and wait for the pain to pass, like he was on a turbulent plane, flying through a violent thunderstorm.   
The headaches gave him photophobia, too, and Susan often saw him draw the curtains closed in daytime, dim lights at night. 
He’d take various pills, pills he’d begun, been prescribed during his playing days. Pain pills, mostly Oxycodone. Susan never asked about it, like how many he was taking, partially because, at least to her, it seemed like he had it under control- but also because she didn’t know how to broach the subject. 
However, neither the injuries, the headaches, nor the pills were his biggest issue following retirement. His biggest issue was the deep-rooted depression fogging in, gripping him, post-retirement… His overwhelming loss of identity. He missed his teammates, the camaraderie, the banter in the locker room. For the first time since he was 6 years old, he was without a football team. He was without his second family. He was without his regimen, routines, game tapes and game prep, and his calendar was blank, with no dates circled... 
It was obvious to her that he felt listless and empty and was experiencing a profound lack of purpose. 
Susan’s mind clicks, recalls years ago, as he lay in a hospital bed, stitched up, following a knee surgery. She’d gently floated the idea of retirement, and he’d responded to her by glaring, his eyes dripping with venom. Then he’d proclaimed emphatically that he never wanted to quit, that he’d play forever if he could. 
She’d never forgotten that, seeing this colossus of a man in insufferable pain, a man who’d already earned millions, yet he wanted to keep bashing away, buffeting his body. And for what? The adrenaline? The adulation of the crowds? His teammates? She couldn’t understand it. She knew he’d only retire, quit playing when he was ready. She didn’t feel like there was anything she could say to convince him otherwise...    
Finally, of course, Jim succumbed to time’s teeth and his accumulated injuries. He was aware that Father Time is undefeated and after deciding to hang up his cleats, he was initially content. But when he really did walk away from the game, it hit him hard as a ton of bricks. Susan had never seen him so blue. She did her best to be the good wife, the soothing sounding board. She encouraged him to do like others in his situation, guys who’d wanted to stay around the game, and go into coaching, or do broadcasting. 
But neither was for him. And he knew it. He didn’t have the patience to coach. He didn’t have the eloquence to be a broadcaster. 
So, for a few dark months, he wasn’t sure what to do. He was catatonic much of the time, perched in his recliner, watching ESPN, guzzling beers. 
That’s part of why he ultimately decided to go into business, she figured. To be part of something. To feel the rush. The adrenaline. To join the chase, the hunt. To get the juices flowing. 
Sadly, though, his entrepreneurial ambitions didn’t pan out. His company, which was started to consult, guide aspiring athletes, failed, and a few real estate, land development deals tanked. His investments in high-growth stocks and corporate bonds flopped too... 
There was still a barely seven figure bank account and a couple six figure checks owed to him by his last team. There was the NFL pension, too. But none of this would be enough to finance the lavish lifestyle they’d grown accustomed to. So he went all in on an incipient project, though he wouldn’t elaborate on its details…
Susan watches herself, at the kitchen table, the trophy wife, in the trophy house. But her shine, her sparkle is darkening. Her head hung low, her gaze is glued to the purplish-red cabernet in her wine glass and she’s nervously rocking the glass back and forth in choked mini-movements. 
“It’ll be a big thing,” he assures her, as he confesses to selling the house, in part to raise capital for the venture. Seeing her face crinkled in sadness and angst, the giant rises to his battle-worn legs, lumbers over to her and kisses her forehead, attempting to assuage her worries, before he limps off to bed… 
Susan knows the score. She knows he is pushing all his chips to the table. All THEIR chips to the table. He is investing the last of his football earnings as well as their equity in the house. 
She hates it. In her opinion, it is a reckless move. He is basically ripping out the kitchen sink and throwing it wildly. But as she gulps down a sharp swig of red wine, she quiets those horrible voices, those demons of doubt. She hopes her hunch is wrong. She can only have faith. Hope. At this point, all she can do is hope and wish for the best.  
Susan feels like a voyeur. She can only watch her ghost of recency, watch the hot tears streaming down her flushed cheeks, as she is sitting alone, at the kitchen table. Staring at herself staring at the white marble floor, the gravity of her situation once again sinks in, the weight of it like an anchor dropping in the sea...  
Then she is back in her body. She is fused. She is one. She is blinking away the tears, wiping her face with her forearm. She is distraught. But she again realizes there is nothing she can do, aside from just hope for the best. For him, her, but most of all, for their kids. She worries, for the first time, ever, about the kids’ futures. For years, she had been able to give her kids anything they wanted. Her credit cards were her favorite parenting tool. Money, she felt, could solve any problem. Satisfy any need.  
She’d always felt like a genie in a bottle, able to grant any wish, able to provide whatever the kids needed or wanted. The money made her feel like she was a superhero... 
But now, for the first time in years, she feels… human. Pathetically so. For the first time in years, she is actually concerned about money. And it is such a horrible feeling. Such a punch in the gut… 
Snapping back to the present, Susan pans her gaze toward Jim, who is shaking his head, leaning to the left side of the driver’s seat, mumbling curse words at traffic. Susan then thinks of other athletes, famous people who’d blown multi-million-dollar fortunes: MC Hammer, Vin Baker, Antoine Walker, Vince Young. 
Jim clicks the stereo to near full blast, pumping up the DMX jam, “Ruff Ryders’ Anthem,” bopping his head to the beat, copying DMX’s dog growls…
Susan tilts her head, scoffs, purses her lips. Then she swings her gaze, watches herself in the rearview mirror. Morose, her spirits sink, and she wonders… How could anyone ever respect a person who lost THAT much money? Why should their kids ever listen to them again? Why wouldn’t their children hate them? God knows how much she was starting to hate herself…

Euphemia, “Mia”- Jim and Susan’s daughter: 

Growing up, I idolized my dad. He was a giant, like, really, a giant, like the Incredible Hulk, but with a beiger skin tone.
That’s always who he reminded me of. The Incredible Hulk.  
But unlike the Hulk, he’d never shrink to a normal human. He was big and bulky all the time. And angry. I’d see him rage, his face full of damnation, and he’d yell and throw things and break stuff around the house after he lost a big game. 
My little brother likened him to Frankenstein. And yeah, he’d kinda remind me of Frankenstein, those times he was so mad. He was so big and tall and angry and limping and there’s tons of scars on his body from football and surgeries. He could be pretty scary. I loved him and admired him, but, truth is, I’ve always sorta been afraid of him. I remember running, my heart thumping, and diving into bed, hiding under my blankets, those times he was mad. He really was like a monster from a horror movie or something.   
I think he was shooting steroids or HGH, or whatever those football guys use. Once I walked by his parents’ room, at age 10 or so, and saw him bending over, in front of a full-length mirror, injecting something into his, uh, rear end... 
That was when my idea, concept of him changed. That muggy late summer afternoon, with the cicadas roaring in a collective buzz, and the sun spilling in, its yellowish glow illuminating my parents’ room like a box of jewels. Walking by, seeing my Hulk dad bending over like that, sticking a syringe in his... After that, like, I knew, he was just a guy. He was a human. He wasn’t invincible. He wasn’t Frankenstein and wasn’t really as scary after that either.  
Not that I saw a lot of him, though, growing up. He’d mostly be gone, at practice, traveling for games, doing press, doing whatever he was doing. Sure, I’d have liked it if he were around more, but I can’t complain too much. I grew up in a house that was almost as big as my school. We had a moat in the front yard. A moat with fish!
I’d read children’s stories, thinking, how the princess in the story, living in her castle, was just like me. I’m a princess, yeah, I know. I won the genetic lottery, being born into a rich family. People hate trust fund kids, rich kids, but most people would do the same thing for their kids, and my dad gave his blood, sweat, and tears for every red cent he provided our family. Every Christmas present, every bite of food came from his hard work. I don’t know why anyone has a problem with it. It’s not like it’s their business anyway.  
Why do people like to count other’s money? Like, I once saw a website devoted to celebrities’ net worth. I’ve seen people in heated arguments online about who earns more money, Beyonce or Jay Z… Why would anyone care? I don’t understand it. 
And no, I don’t feel bad or guilty about how I grew up. I offer no apologies. I am proud of what my dad accomplished. 
But, I guess the haters will be happier now, right? Now that we’re not so rich anymore. Misery loves company. Poverty too perhaps?
It was when I started college, that’s when the money problems started. It didn’t immediately affect me, financially, that much, because I’m on an academic scholarship and work part-time at the campus bookstore.  
As I said, I don’t feel guilty about my upbringing, but I do want to make my own way, so I’ve always had part-time jobs and stuff… I’ve never wanted to be the stereotypical trust fund kid mooching off my parents, like some of my friends. 
Some of the kids in my high school, too. They were so… apathetic, so passive, and would do mountains of drugs, drink like fish, probably just to feel something, I guess. They always seemed sort of dead to me. Like lacking a soul. Some of those kids, it was like they were empty, basically just waiting to die. 
I don’t know. It’s hard to explain, but you know it if you see it, where I grew up...
I never wanted to be like that. I think part of that stems from seeing how hard my dad worked to earn his money. It motivated me. I was always driven to succeed, always got straight A’s, always worked odd jobs, usually at bookstores and libraries, so I could read, study on the job. I’ve always had goals. I want to start a company someday. In what, I don’t know. I want to be like Elizabeth Holmes, but, like, not corrupt. An Elizabeth Holmes but with an honest company and product. 
(I would wear a turtleneck sweater like her though. She looked ON FLEEK in that black turtleneck…)
Back to my parents, the money problems they’re having, like I said, the whole thing didn’t immediately affect me, financially, too much, but I’ve noticed how terrible it’s been for them, especially my mom. God, I really feel bad for her…
Okay, I will be honest and admit that it was a nightmare to see my childhood home sold off to a punk YouTube star. A kid who’s a couple years younger than me. 
To think of the sweat my dad shed on the football field, and that YouTube jerk, Jack Thee Jackass, this guy who judges fart competitions and makes prank videos with his bros, those morons, those guys who are far too much like the annoying backwards baseball hat frat packs who try to fuck me and my friends… Just to think THAT GUY… Those guys… are in my parents’ bedroom, my bedroom, doing, ick, whatever sickening… debauchery… Oh, I can’t even think about it…
It makes me want to puke. Seriously. 
I wish my older brother would have played football, or something, like my dad, so he could have bought the house. 
My older brother, the wannabe international playboy. 
I heard he’s working as a DJ at a strip club. Ack! Disgusting! The pig… 
Why couldn’t he have at least been a millionaire YouTube jerk? I could imagine him producing those fart compilation videos, or videos of shooting things from his butt, like those jackal idiots. I remember he tried doing videos like that, before…

Mia’s Brother, Colt:

Dude! I love that our house was bought by Jack Thee Jackal! I sent him a DM, congratulating him on buying the house, offering to show him around, party with him, but he didn’t reply. No probs! He either didn’t read it or didn’t believe it. He gets thousands of DMs, I’m sure.  
I tried making a YouTube channel like Jack’s. I’d grab my bros and we’d go out, do stupid shit, copycat Jackass stuff. We did one where we dressed up in girls’ lingerie and played golf in a graveyard. 
And we made another series, where we preyed on victims at school, or around the mall, or the neighborhood. Our goal: to find them, and fart on them. We’d stalk, hunt, hide, and then jump out of bushes, burst out from behind closed doors, or jump up from the backseat of a car or leap down from a tree or fire escape, either naked, wearing only a pair of assless chaps, or in just a pair of briefs, and then we’d unleash ass, point and fire unfiltered farts at friends and classmates. 
Sometimes a classmate might open a door to a classroom and find one of us, pants pooled around our ankles, bent over in their direction, ready to launch a stinky ass attack. 
Possibly the worst of the videos was the “Fart Alarm Clock,” where a buddhi bandit would patrol the library, sneak up on a sleeping classmate, drop trou, bend over, lean his ass in, and just let out a booming burrito fart, ass mere inches from the sleeper’s face… 
“Bare booty fart ATTACKS! The most vicious, NO FILTRATION!” was the title and theme. But no one watched. Except a couple people, who told us that we suck. That we “suck RAW!” I think those were the exact words.
Then I tried making music, rapping. I wasn’t good at that either. I got even worse feedback on that when I uploaded my tunes to the interwebs. In my mind, though, I sounded dope. I sounded like Eminem. I was going to BE the next Eminem. But then I saw the comments I was getting. In fact, one song went sort of viral- but for the wrong reasons. Thousands of people watched my video, cracked jokes about it, called me all sorts of shit, a “wigger,” mostly, “wack AF” and I even received death threats and a couple guys challenging me to fistfights. 
All over a free video, a basement rap I slapped together on my computer. A song about smoking weed in my school’s handicapped bathroom! 
(Handicapped people were the most pissed about it. One even asked, “Dude, where am I supposed to smoke weed?” Looking back on it, he had a point. It was pretty fucking wack...) 
Posting stuff online, I guess it’s pretty easy to discover your limitations when you get that amount of instant feedback. Man, reading hundreds of people telling me that I sucked, I can’t say it was good for my psyche.  
Oh… Well.. Fuck them! I was still living in a house big enough to have its own zip code. I was always aware of that. Particularly since my earliest memories, from when I was a tiny kid, were of being in a cramped apartment, with my parents, back when my dad had first started playing pro football. But once he signed that big contract, ah man, life was pretty easy. 
My life has always been easy. Maybe too easy… I’ve spent countless hours just watching and rewatching gangsta rap videos, smoking weed… I’ve never been too motivated… My sister, a few years younger than me, was always a nerd. She was always hitting the books... 
Not me, though. I’ve never found a calling. I never took to football, like my old man. I got more of my mom’s DNA. I’m not that tall, only 5’11, and am thin, like her. I’m not super coordinated, either. I’m just not great at sports, which kinda always made me feel like I was a disappointment to my father. 
Not that I didn’t try. When I was little, I joined Pop Warner. Dad didn’t force me into it or anything. But I thought he’d want me to be a jock like him. When I sucked at football and quit, however, he never mentioned anything about it. I didn’t know quite what to make of that then. I still don’t. 
He was always a bit distant, my Pops, off in his football world. But I respected him, I must say. I looked up to him. He was big and powerful. He gave us a great life. He was gone most of the time, and was aloof, but that’s just his temperament. He’s a quiet man. He lets his deeds do the talking. And I respect that. My dad is cool. He was good to us. I mean, like sure, he’d spaz out, break stuff around the house and scream after games. It’d scare the shit out of me and my sis, but it was never directed at us and he never got violent. He was never abusive. 
Him, nor my mom, never really disciplined us, ever, that I can recall. There were a few babysitters and maids who’d get in our faces, from time to time. Usually they’d be on my case for my shitty grades and a couple Jackass stunts the school got upset about. 
But other than that, I never got in too much trouble. As a kid, I was pretty mellow. I still am. I think I’ve been in one or two fistfights in my entire life. I’m just laidback. So much so that people might think I’m on Xanax or something. But nah, I don’t take drugs too often these days, aside from an occasional bump or two of the nose candy and, of course, smoking weed, but that’s a plant, not a drug, in my opinion…   
Nah, man, my biggest problem has been, and continues to be, my lack of direction.
I mean, like, at first I’d wanted to be on Jackass. Then I’d wanted to be Eminem. But since none of that transpired, I don’t know what to do. I didn’t have a Plan B or C. 
Lately I’ve been working odd jobs. My degree sucks. Like, I went to a party college, got drunk, and copied all my papers from the internet, paid nerds to do homework for me. Even with cheating, though, I still barely graduated college. I failed English. WTF? I speak English! How the hell did I fail English? Damn…
I guess part of the problem was that I was never interested in learning the stuff they taught in school. In math class, I’d be thinking about learning to fix my engine, buying parts for my car. In English classes, I hated Shakespeare, but I liked reading other stuff, like Tucker Max, and thrillers. I love thrillers! My friend in high school got me into Bukowski. His poetry kicks ass. Reading it, I couldn’t believe anyone would actually write shit like that. It’s the only poetry I could ever enjoy.   
But the stuff they assigned me to read in class was terrible. It was always so fucking boring. The only assigned reading I ever liked from English class was Mark Twain. That dude was fucking cool. Emily Dickinson? Beowulf? Nah, not for me. Jane Austin? Yuck. Fuck off! 
To me, that’s the problem with school. You’re forced to learn this or that. It’s something about being forced into it that turns me off. If I’m into something, if I want to learn it, I can’t pry myself away from it. I’ll spend hours on Wikipedia sometimes. I’ll dive down intellectual rabbit holes, reading all sorts of shit. I fuck with knowledge; it’s not that I don’t enjoy learning.  
I could just never find that spark in school. Maybe I just wasn’t lucky enough to have a Dead Poets Society jump up on the desk “OH CAPTAIN, MY CAPTAIN” type of teacher. You know, a teacher from one of those 1980s movies…
My degree was in Business Administration. But I had no idea what business I wanted to do. I still have no idea what business I want to do. In fact, I don’t even like business. I don’t like the corporate world. 
What do I like, aside from pranks and jokes? Women. Oh, man, I LOVE women. They love me back too. I’m not that tall or muscled-up, but I’m sinewy, and have been told I resemble the actor Robert Pattinson… I’ve never had a problem meeting chicks…
Women, yeah, dude, I’m really a fan of their organization… Every time I hook up with a new girl, take off her clothes, I feel like a little kid opening a Christmas present… I love their soft skin, their hair, their scents, their makeup, stockings, high heels; the way they walk, talk, the way they dress, their shapes, curves. Seriously, if there were a job where I could just stare at women all day, that’s what I’d do. 
My dream job would be that, or maybe a photographer, snapping photos of models all day. Nude models. Or a pornographer. But I’m not too into the hardcore stuff. I prefer the more tasteful, Playboy stuff, or nude paintings. I’m not into chicks spreading their snatch and doing gangbangs, anal, or weird Japanese stuff...  
To be frank, I’m not sure what I’ll do for work. Before, I never worried about money. But that was before my parents went broke. Now that I can’t count on inheriting millions, I’ve suddenly got to make my own way. 
Since I like women, nude women, in particular, I’ve been working as a DJ at an upscale strip club. I got the gig through a friend who bought into the club. I should have bought in with him, scored a loan from my old man, back when he had more cash. Same as my Pops, I guess, I’m not a good businessman. 
But, thems is the breaks, as the old-timers say. And I’m doing okay, DJing, rocking trap tunes, looking at fine babes every night, fine NAKED babes. 
I’m even allowed to audition “talent,” watch aspiring exotic dancers shake it for me and the manager, other staff. I’ve dated like three of our strippers, but can’t say it’s my favorite thing to do, dating our dancers. 
Man, I caught feelings for one, this petite Latin honey. She was chill, funny, and freaky in the sack. A damn dimepiece. The chick had a cobra tramp stamp and killer curves and the most gorgeous face ever. She was stunningly pretty, with that intricate, exotically sumptuous type face that only Latin babes have. She was just stunning, with or without make-up, that hot of a chick.  
We only dated a few weeks, but I fell for her, I admit. And it fucked me up, watching her from the DJ booth, her down on the stage, her doing splits, prancing around naked, wiggling her ass in dudes’ faces, seeing dudes ogle her bare body. The worst was watching her do lapdances, bumping and grinding on middle-aged creeps or fratboy asswipes. The wolf-faced fucks. Dudes running their hands on her body. It fucked me up. I felt like a cuckold. 
I mean, man, I dated this Instagram model chick. A butt model. That was all she did, all she did was take pics of her butt, post it on the ‘Gram. Every day, a different butt shot. Bending over, walking up stairs, leaning against a wall, lying on her stomach... She was creative with it, too, like an artist, a Picasso of ass, coming up with all sorts of different contortions, angles, lightings, all sorts of truly ingenious ways to present her butt to the camera. She did things with her ass that I couldn’t imagine possible, for real...   
And look, I didn’t care. I didn’t care that she showed her butt, in thongs, lingerie, and bikinis on Instagram every day. I didn’t care that she cashed in on her looks. I know there were like millions of dudes across the globe jerking off to her. But I didn’t care. 
Like, for real, more power to her. She’s a clever and enterprising chick. I could see her one day having a reality show like the Kardashians. I mean, everyone thinks those Kardashian chicks are stupid floozies, but they’re not. They’re smart businesspeople and are raking in billions. I respect that. I respected my butt model chick too. She was fucking cool… 
But there was something different, man, seeing my girl on stage, seeing the dudes in person. It was different, seeing their pervy faces, seeing their hungry eyes. It kinda fucked me up, man… It was a kick in the balls… 
She didn’t stay long anyway, the Latina. She moved to another city once she’d saved a bit of cash. She told me she was only doing the job to help pay for her dad’s heart surgery... I lost touch with her after she moved, and she deleted me from her Snapchat...  
Thems is the breaks. Better to have loved and lost, right? I’m not sure if it was love, really. But it fucked me up. It fucked me up for a good minute…
After her, I stopped dating our dancers. These days, I’m back on Tinder more, hooking up. To be honest, I’ve never had a serious relationship, only hookups, short term things. If I’m with a girl too long, I start losing interest in her, start seeing her like a sister or something, I don’t know, why. It’s weird.  
But, like, yeah, man, my life isn’t too bad, altogether. The future… I guess that’s what bugs me. I don’t know, for sure, what I’ll do. The more I think about it, the more I feel lost. I just want to have fun, really. 
I mean, seriously, man, why is it that we have to do something? Why can’t I just be? The world is so full of demands, complications. It’s never as easy as it is on TV...   
I mean, like, dude, when are the robots coming? Aren’t the robots supposed to come and take our jobs? Do the shitty stuff people don’t want to do? And then Amazon or the government can give us money, and we can all chill, let fucking Alexa, Siri, and R2D2 do shit. Then we humans can just chill, eat and fuck, just live like the French. Yeah, man, I think the future will be awesome. Yo, I can’t wait… 
But at least for now, at least until Larry David or Andrew Yang becomes President, like, I don’t know, I don’t know, man. I don’t know what I’ll do. 
I spent a couple years traveling the world after college. That was for sure the best time of my young life. I traveled Europe, Asia, South America. I backpacked. I worked bar gigs out there. I taught English. I thought my travels would help me “find myself.” But they didn’t. I didn’t exactly find myself, but I found something else in Tibet. Man, I found something far greater and far more important. 
And it’s helped me. Helped me a lot. It really has...  


Colby:

Dear Mia,
Greetings and salutations!
My sincerest thanks for writing!
I receive a multitude of mail. Letters remind me I exist somewhere else.
However, I have yet to respond to those attempting interlocution. 
I am immured. I am torpid. I am distrait and distraught. 
I am a piece of furniture. I am a toilet. A ward of the State. I shall be in prison for over TWO centuries. 215 years! 215 years! 
I wonder what will happen if I am not deceased in 215 years?
Will they free me? 
I would be the ripe old age of 233 then. No spring chicken, eh? Not to cast aspersions, but I do not think I will survive another 215 years, but if I do, and you, too, are alive in 215 years, then we can rendezvous for coffee or something! That would be bliss!
I am reputedly said to be criminally insane. BUT I AM NOT! I am a seer. I am a clairvoyant of distressing proportions. Consider this my cadenza. 
The house is a polynomial equation. It is a square. It is hallways, branching out and merging, twisting and turning, emptying at dead-ends, tides drip-dropping into a culvert. It is third bodies and molecules. 
I was not an antecedent. I was not aware of this. It was not until the kids at school informed me, in very unsubtle candor, in a language of calumny and vexation, in a diction of face punches and death threats.  
Then, the internet became my best friend and my instrument of spoliation and discovery. I discovered quadratic equations. That’s when I became this thesis. I sought to complete the square. Discover the root of all zeros. 
At its base, at the heart of the graph, yes, it was a funeral home. But before that it was the site of a massacre. An enraged mob of Crow raided a camp of settlers and scalped and hacked the settlers to pieces. Then they kidnapped the settler kids who were old enough to walk, and the rest, including babies, the Crows butchered. They sliced the babies to death like they were chopping meat in a kitchen, and maybe ate them, but I don’t know, because cannibalism happened in those days. A LOT. Believe me that it happened A LOT before Dahmer. 
I know THIS TO BE TRUTH because of my friend, the internet. AND I saw it on the History Channel. And I shall not demur.
Returning to the nature of the beast, back to the house, yes, I saw the equation in my dreams! It was written in fours. The Chinese number for death. The quadrant. Everything was in fours. Four sequences, four horsemen, the world will end on the fourth day. On the four cycle of sleep, I saw the images, in Simpson cartoons, I saw the images in double roots and 3D glasses. 
I’d see… The scenes of a massacre. I’d dream of sine, of scenes, coefficients, and they were bright and shiny. They were horror and death. The GHASTLY scenes were painted in my sleep. Comic books of screaming, the crying, the waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah babies hacked by a tomahawk, and the babies decapitated heads rolling on the ground, like living dead croquet balls, still going waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah! 
PRAISE PROBITY!
And I’d see the scalps sawed off of settlers while the settlers were alive and flailing and kicking and twisting and trembling and watching their own scalps dangling in the air, dripping blood, and the Indians bestowing the bloody clumps of hair and scalp and skin in the air like a World Series trophy. 
This was the constant. 
PRAISE THE EMENDATION OF CHAOS! 
NOW don’t you EVER call me a racist because I DO NOT CASTIGATE, I DO NOT BLAME THE Indians. The Pilgrims virulently inflamed, salted them in SMALLPOX BUBONIC AIDS! ON PURPOSE! It was terrorism, when you think about it. Where else could it amend the axis?
Anyway! 
Back in those colonial days, men had longer hair, so scalping a Pilgrim would be more satisfying than scalping a baldy like Joe Rogan. But I bet scalping a man bun would be similarly skintillating. Do you agree? Feel no pressure to reply to that. This question was more than rhetorical. 
The Pilgrims I had seen were bipedal. Men in tights, men in pointy hats and long stocking socks and dark coats like in the Thanksgiving pictures in department stores. They were Charlie Brown. They were AIDS blankets and would have eaten Snoopy and Scooby Doo. They were Cossacks in winter clothing and Power Ranger progenitors of AIDS. They were Shaggy sugar-dicking Daphne. They were Teletubbies and terrorists giving free gonorrhea and face lick tattoos.   
This is the X-Axis. 
Me, I’d summon images, the Pilgrim men in their 1600s clothes. My eyes were crystal balls. I was reanimating spirits. I was visited by walking DEAD, laughing and limpid ghosts. Farting Pilgrims, Pilgrims who were bug-eyed, dazed and confused and their heads sloped, bloodied. Yellow spongey brains in their skulls exposed. It was as if they were searching for their scalps. What a tragedy to lose a scalp and not be able to find it, to walk in circles, a dog chasing its tail, your head bloodied, your head resembling a red velvet icing birthday cake.  
But this was them. Unsolvable variables. 
Perhaps they were not searching for scalps. Maybe they were sapient, had abandoned hair, lived as monks on mountains, or as goths in graveyards, imitating structures of skeletons. And maybe, just maybe, they were really searching for the cognate planes and had execrated their babies and wives. I’d visualize reenactments of the women and children DYING. The sacerdotal Crow gutting the women, scooping out their intestines and pulling out the guts in steaming bundles and coating themselves in the women’s blood and gooey guts and the Pilgrims SQUEALING like pigs in a slaughterhouse.  
I SAW THIS ON THE Y-AXIS. I SAW the Indians painted in BITCH blood and guts and dancing and doing the WOO WOO WOO WOO WOO!!!
They were lachrymose, then in paroxysms, then soporific, then homicidal after sleeping in SMALLPOX BUBONIC AIDS blankets. 
Equations of animus. 
I would know the funeral home’s customers too. The dead customers! The corpses! I would witness their walking, their unnatural, supernumerary gaits. But they didn’t look angry. I suppose they were more confused than anything. They were plump and pale, clad in their nicest suits and dresses, phlegmatic vortexes in mechanical animations. 
They didn’t seem to know they were dead. They were ventriloquists, hands up the ass of my sickest sense, and of course at first, I admit, that I was scared. But I got used to it. They were not as scary as the blood and guts Indians chopping up babies with tomahawks and dancing dancing, feet on fire, dancing worse than in a rap video.  
BILLY JEAN IS NOT MY MOTHER. 
The Pilgrims, the DADDY scalpless Pilgrims, the Thanksgiving people, the beheaded babies, the gutted women, and the WOO WOO WOO and enlightenment. The turkey of the aliens was probably a chopped-up baby. That always scared me. The iron taste of blood. The kidney thieving Craigslist ad. No, I could no longer eat the turkey because I am not a cannibal. Nor have I ever been a cannibal that I can remember. 
I was a variable. I was terrified! I was a probability. 

Well, I solved, in a handwritten solution, the theorems of bedbugs. Or so I thought, until I met the demon. He was the X to our equation. 
The demon is short as a doll. He had a nuclear winter grin, straight white teeth, and looked like the little Ben Shapiro man from the TV. 
He even slapped a coaster on his skull. 
The demon is tiny and glowing effulgently, silhouetted in a copper shadow, and the miniature beeping bebop thing points at me, yelps, and reads his poetry in a high voice like when you suck a balloon. At first the little Ben Shapiro demon appeared in my room at 2 a.m. He was in a yoga pose, in front of my bed. He was wearing only a diaper. I woke up in cold sweat to see him there, with his legs over his head! 
This short swarthy man, maybe 2 feet tall, and his eyeballs are solid black. 
“Hi, I’m Satan,” he whispered in this super high-pitched cheerful tone. I thought he was Ben Shapiro, but if he is Satan then I cannot repudiate his ethos. 
I … the bed and crawled into the corner and then he disappeared in pixels. 
But he recurred. He’d slink back every night. However. And beep beep bebop, appear to the sound of saxophone horns. 
Ben Shapiro devilman, in Disney diapers, in yoga contortions, slashing my bed with a scythe at 2 a.m. EVERY SILENT NIGHT. Unholy nights, when he’d hover forth, this little man an edifice. 
Ben Shapiro, slued, and effaced the wall, and would whisper weird things in the highest high-pitched helium voice. At first about James Bond, then about Dead White Man’s clothing markets in Nigeria and wreckage, steel from the World Trade Center, 9/11 attacks, steel from plane crashes that’d be recycled, sold as scrap, and used to build schools in Indonesia.  
Then he prophesized, riffed about Indians or aliens. I wasn’t sure if he meant Indians from India. Cricketeers. Slumdogs. Beeping Bollywood Chicken Tikka Indians. Or American Indians. Or space aliens. Or just the illegal immigrants that the TV man says anally molest gnomes and Koreans. Or the foreigners with octopus penises. The slippery people who sell drugs to schoolkids and climb the wall. The slippery foreigners. Those are aliens, right? I do not know their quadrant. I am still unsure. But it sounded like aliens, the aliens, UFO aliens from Independence Day and Area 51.
Alien monster babies clawing out a pregnant lady’s stomach in a grocery store, going RAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!! 
Ben Shapiro Satan Yoda Man was stuttering, tottering, cutting himself with German sharp scissors and rambling on, how the Indians were watching us, how we are ants to them, and so I should abhor, not kill ants anymore, beeping, because that could be someone else’s Indians, and they could inhabit another star. 
This was the Y. 
Satan played a flute with his ass, and sang in falsetto, sang hymnals, and painted watercolors of hymen touchers. He appeared on some nights with the stink of an animal, others with the aroma of roses. 
He planted dreams, forbade and proclaimed that I should not dance. Because if Indians landed on Earth and discovered people dancing, what would they think? Satan, while an accomplished musician and pugilist, did not appreciate the musical stylings of Cardi B, in particular her masterpiece: “WAP.” And what a shame! 
Satan was a study of prevarication. I soon started to doubt that this presence was Satan, because Satan should be bigger and scarier, an Icelandic giant, an unknown species from the middle earth, a dinosaur potentate. And so I summoned my temerity, and I asked him, one night, when he was tracking a razor blade in crop circles, slicing figure eights on his hairy beast chest, I inquired about his origins, expecting a cavil reply. I demanded the truth, dammit! I asked if he really was Satan, like THE Satan, and not just a syllogism of Ben Shapiro or simply a Ben Shapiro little person, a half-brother of a sperm donor, a mini-me live action voodoo doll.  
“WHO ARE YOU?!”
“OH NOES! My name is Satan, but I’m not that Satan,” he groaned. And he plopped down to the end of my bed, picked up a throw pillow and tore it in half. He eschewed cute dilatory tactics.  
“Nope, I’m a demon and I need to tell you about your classmates.”
My beeping classmates. The pyrrhic panthers. Their smiling, their winking, their plunging ice picks at my skull, their lips like cirrus streaks in the sky, their colorless faces in vacuous arrangements! WOO WOO WOO WOO WOO!
The Z. 
Bebop Satan knew everything fatuous. He recited verses about my classmates and their offensive ways. He was a lagniappe. Chomsky spacing syllables. 
Satan wasn’t impeccant but spoke in dulcet, dolorous tones, without gewgaw, and praised me as a paladin, aware of the prestidigitation of wedgies and hallway punches and kicks. Obsequies and invitational sobriquets. He knew I was a guerrilla, a friend to dogs. 
But the panthers, they said I fuck dead people. I was a proselyte of cold pussy. A peeping tom, a pyromaniac, a wood pile in the pyre.  
Satan, my friend, would visit, relieve the callowness. He, nightly, was protean, a ratiocination. A divine messenger, antithesis to my classmates. He was lending me necessary hosanna.  
Under the aegis of… NO. Pullulating degrees of pentagrams and slaves in paradise. Purlieus, I bowed and clutched the blades. 
I bowed and drank the milk. I pondered and plotted the graphs. 
It’s not on the GRAPH. 
Satan’s voice became a metaphor. It became procrustean. He was growing larger than Triton. He spoke in a stentorian boom.
Satan spoke without words. Satan said my classmates and my family were possessed by ghosts of hostile Indians, and they’d been using EMP pulses, hidden weapons in their phones, and they were… I cannot say what they were doing… It IS still too traumatic … It’s unsolvable.  
Of! Course! You know the rest! Of course.
You know me, a one-man army. You know my Armageddon. My Carthaginian Peace. I ended the pulses. You know I ended the EMP and I ended the brain waves. I EXPOSED THE LIES WITH MY PARTHIAN SHOT. The devious, destroyed are the doomsayers in Canossa. 
It was Godlike. It was a video game. I wore my mother’s wedding dress and my youngest sister’s panties. I was a bat in the night. 
Yes, beeping the people was easy. It was fun. It was an orgasm every minute. IT WAS SUCH A SUGAR RUSH. I was running side by side, a warrior with Satan. I was listening to the song “Happy” in my earbuds. I was an Emeritus, hugging the heavy heat, going rat tat tat cat!  
I was holding the metal as an artist holds a paintbrush. The cold metal, warmer than an anal cavity, ringing out rat tat tat cat! I was running with no feet, I was down the length of the wide school hallway and hearing the “RAAAAAAAAH!!!!” and WOO WOO WOO WOO and Satan spurring me on and smiling and … everything and everyone ducking and diving and bully beeping bodies and … the dog lovers. I even ended the solecism of the school trophy case. 
Beeping State Championship! JEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEZUZ!!!!!!!!!!!! MUH THOUGHTZ AND MUH TAXPAYERS!
Hostile Alien Indians and turkey cannibals and WOO WOO WOO and brain waves and pharisaical Pilgrims and locker room penises and Big Turd and Miss Piggy on heroin and Mmmmfaaaa and ad hoc. Yes. I decreased their species. 
What is a human life worth anyway? 
The root of zero. 
I wonder if they tore the school down? If it is still there? I should have built a dream. I read a jeremiad about a person who did that. I wanted to build one, one so epicurean… but what if it spoiled the fun!? 
I wish I could have built a dream. 
I would watch the red, the orange, the black, the lights, July 4th !!! YIPPIE KAI YAY, MUDDAAAAAF….!
Factor that, My Dear Aunt Sally!
The prison provides me newspapers. But they are revenants. Claque. Persiflage. The aficionados, they are not renaissance men. They censor things. I only receive particles, atoms, and sliced up snippets, collages, cut pieces of the newspaper, ransom notes, really, and old, worn books from the library. I read yellowed page dictionaries, encyclopedias, Hardy Boys mysteries and anodyne novels missing pages. 
In this evil castle, with its triple barbed wire fences and turrets, there are no poems by fugitive monks or novels by prophets of the human experience such as Chuck Palahniuk. There is nothing uniquely bohemian about this gray box. 
Worse yet, the goons will shunt, snatch my excrescence, rob me of violent things. I miss violent things. I know violence is extant. I palpitate and pray for violence and I still communicate with demons. Demons are embedded, jocund in my purview. 
I miss Satan too. I’m Mr. Sangfroid. I’m ambulant and with other demons these days.  
I do not do badinage; I am in a state, prolepsis, and do not appreciate unnecessary analepsis. I read but do not respond to mail. I do not respond to interview requests. Satan admonished media, fan mail and EMP weaponized brain waves.
I am evanescent. But patrons donate money to my commissary. People I do not know. Nominals. Mongols of anti-resistance.    
OKAY. I will end my magniloquence. I will cease periphrasis.  
Tangent and refractions aside. 
I read your letter and I only responded because you are moving into that house. I do not know if they will mail this letter, but I desire to say to you: DO NOT GO. DO NOT ENTER THAT HOUSE. DO NOT GO IF YOU DO NOT WANT TO DIE. 
That house is haunted. It is in fours. It is a solution of Satan, an equation of apoplectic aboriginals. It is aggro and growing, a glowing alien hive, and it is a living being, a monstrous ideation of stealth brain waves. It is a scalpel and a morgue. It is scalpless cannibal pilgrims and their crimson drip, their evil bloody heads and pointy boots. It is ripped stomachs and gutted women with sloppy intestines, goopy, and slaughterhouse corpses, beheaded babies on ice, beheaded babies who can cry. 
The house is the antithesis of geodesy!
The house is haunted by ME. I have detached and deposited a brother spirit there. Part of me remains THERE. When I dream, I am THERE, in the house, I am blasting flames. I am burning skin, I am floppy fish, sloppy, sticky coughs, and flesh bags. I literally cannot tell you what my Siamese ghost twin will do.
Factor the prime number. Can you? 
Convex, my theory is snatched. There is a crashed wave of Negative energy in that house. It is lurking and painted, written on walls. Encoded. Embedded. It is an equation of force. It is Negative energy with the power of a tsunami! FEAR… FEAR METASTASIZES. FEAR FEEDS AND FEAR GROWS THE GHOSTS. FEAR TO THE EVIL SPIRITS IS AS WATER TO PLANTS.  
Do NOT move there! STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!
The house smashes and submerges all who enter. It smothers and strangles songs. It is pulpy remains of logic in a black pool. It is a quicksand of tar and muck, a vortex that is spiraling without end. It is receding and expanding, unfamiliar and changing. It is indifferently violent and desolate as the darkest star-lined edges of space. It is a garden of death, a wounded animal of disowned Gods.  
Yes, I will end my homily. I do not think you asked, but you may visit me in prison if I am allowed visitors to discuss this. I think I am allowed visitors, but I am not sure. 
Only an avuncular lazy eye priest man visits me. He is tall as the sky and wide as a canyon. He has sloping shoulders, long ears, mockingly misaligned eyes and opalescent arms spilling from his black robes. I shriek and spit and curse at him and he prays and chants, reads from his red leather Bible, then takes his leave. He is automata. An axis. I pissed at him once, but he returns dutifully. 
The guards, contrarily, do not talk to me. They scowl and indolently slip blocks of food through a black and white slash in the heavy gray door. The heavy metal door is a grayish mass. 
At times I wish to atone and fast. It is then the guards, the goon squads, barge in with gasmasks and batons. They speak to me in bruises and prick needles, tentacles full of diamond clear water, jab in my veins, suction cup my face. I believe they lace and poison my food. But I cannot attest for certain. 
You may excuse my errata. Please heed my sirens, stigmata, and impingement.  
That is all for now.
You can be my friend. 
Please do not die. 

Your Friend, 
Colby 

Jim:

I was so frigging scared I thought I might die. Anyone who tells you they weren’t scared or nervous, anxious before playing the Super Bowl, they’re full of crap. Everyone on the team was amped up. Our mouths were dry. Our hearts were pumping. I must have pissed 5 times before we hit the field. It was the biggest game of my damn life, everything I’d dreamed of since I was a little kid. 
I didn’t sleep a wink the night before. I was running on fumes. It was pure adrenaline and passion. I was just so amped up… 
But once I hit the field, it became another game. However, the hits were harder. A lot harder. The intensity was certainly higher, super-charged, really, but the game was no longer an idea, no longer a fear; it was a game. It was the game I knew well, every movement, every formation, everything was inside me, in a physical, damn near spiritual language. I was a cog in the team machine. And we were in motion. We were grinding, and I was pushing and moving as my body had for years. 
Until the final drive. That was something else. I’d never been so excited in my life. The rush returned. My mouth was filled with salt. My mouth was like a damn desert, it was so dry. 
And I felt alive, so goddamn alive! There was a divine power running through me, a feeling like some sort of superhuman strength, like when a mother can lift a 10,000-pound car to save her baby. This is how I felt. I think I could have picked up a semitruck and thrown it across an ocean. That was the energy I had. That was the voltage thumping and surging through me. A force of God was pumping through my veins. 
I remember trotting onto the field after that long Super Bowl commercial timeout. I remember my eyes were squeezed to slits. In the huddle, I was shaking, I was so fricking amped! The crowd noise was deafening. I can still hear its hiss, like an airplane engine, I can hear it; it’s blurry, but I hear it. Goddammit, when I have the flashbacks, when I have the dreams, I hear… I hear the hiss... 
We were playing in the Georgia Dome, and usually, for Falcons games, that place was quiet as a library, aside from when they pump in fake crowd noise, but for this game, this noise was real, and running like a power saw in my ears. This was the damn Super Bowl, and on that final drive, my ears were in pain. Dammit, I’m not lying, I think my eardrums were ready to bleed. 
We were fighting, pushing and scrapping, charging our way down the field. I wasn’t letting their sack specialist DE have any piece of my QB. I was pancaking his bitch ass like nobody’s business. They talk about the NFL being a “family game,” but, let me tell you, the stuff that’s said on that field would make a nun faint.
And, dammit, you should have heard the trash talk in that game. Their superstar DE, goddamn, he was cussing, talking the worst trash talk I think I’d ever heard. He was talking about my mother. He was talking about my ugly horse face. He was calling me a fag and a bitch and a honky chickenshit motherfucker and everything under the sun. 
He was one to talk. He was one ugly sumbitch. A teen wolf looking motherfucker, looking exactly like Michael J. Fox in that shitty 80s movie. The dude looked like a fucking werewolf, with his big buckteeth. I think he really was a goddamn werewolf. He was one mean man, a tenacious competitor. Hell, I hated the shit-talker but respected his game. He was fierce. 
But I kept him in check. I pushed him off on every play. I was a wall, I was a man of steel, I was a barbed wire fence, I was standing taller than a wall surrounding a prison or an army base, dammit. I was Fort Knox. 
Dammit, fucking dammit, I felt invincible that whole game. I didn’t allow a single sack. We scored 28 points. 28 points. It should have been enough. It should have been... 
My senses were so heightened that game, that day. I’d played football my whole life, but I never really noticed the stink of the game. I’d never noticed the smell of piss, shit, vomit, sweat, farts, blood, any of those, probably because I’d be so super-focused on the game. But in that game, especially that final drive, my nostrils were flaring, burning with smells… 
We were neck and neck the whole contest. Then they kicked a 52-yard field goal, right after the two-minute warning, and seized the lead. 
Then… that last drive. It was magical, like it was in slow motion. We clawed down the field. Our QB was throwing bullets. He was throwing daggers. Precision passes. It was surgical. He was Tom Brady. He was Joe Montana. He was cold-blooded, sweating buckets of ice water. He was stoic. Methodical. Moving us like soldiers. Inching us forward, inching us forward, yard after hard-earned yard. 
I was feeling it. I was tasting the champagne. It was that storybook ending. We were going to Disneyland. We were fucking going to Disneyland, I kept ensuring myself. It was my mantra…  
Then the last play, from the 15-yard line. Shotgun formation. Then the snap. Then the throw. The catch and the dive. The receiver wrestled down, the receiver reaching out his long wiry arm, touching the ball toward the goal line. From my vantage point, I thought he made it, I jumped up and roared. I thought we were going to goddamn Disneyland. I was there. I was on a float in a parade. I was in fucking Disneyland!
But when the refs waved it off... But when the refs shook their heads, when they shook their heads and slashed their arms, when the confetti fell and THEIR side ran hooting and jumping and dancing onto the field. I stood in disbelief for a couple minutes. I was thinking there had to be more time, one more play, just one play, just one more play, dammit, that’s all we needed. 
I was frozen in shock for a couple minutes. My body seized up. Then the humiliation hit me, crashing over me like a wave of shit, like somebody had scooped out shit-water from a toilet and dumped it over my head.
Goddammit, we lost the Super Bowl. We lost the fucking Super Bowl. We’re the biggest losers in America. We’re the biggest losers in the world. Everyone, even people who don’t watch football, saw us lose. Everyone was at their Super Bowl parties, sitting on their couches, eating potato chips, drinking beers and pointing at us. Everyone was laughing at us. 
We lost. We were fucking losers. We disappointed everyone. We’d have to go back to our city as losers. There would be no parade for us, only an empty, cold airport. There would be no afterparty, just a depressing hotel room. There’d be no champagne, no chummy interviews with the press. No fucking trip to Disneyland... 
Dammit, the way the media guys in the locker room were speaking to us, sad faced and solemn, really, it was… as if we were at a funeral...  
The locker room after the game, it was dismal. You could hear a pin drop. Barely anyone said a word. A couple guys cried. The whole world saw us lose the Super Bowl. We were losers and we all knew it. Every dream I’d had as a kid, growing up, playing football, it was to win the Super Bowl, to hoist that shiny silver Lombardi Trophy, to kiss that trophy. And here we were, in the game, fighting and scraping until the last minute, but we just couldn’t get it done. 
We were losers. 
I can’t imagine how horrible and soul-crushing it must have been to be on those Buffalo Bills teams that lost 4 straight Super Bowls. I don’t know how those guys were able to show their faces in public again after that. Honestly, just losing one had me thinking of checking into the witness protection program or disappearing to a deserted island in the Pacific. I was so ashamed.  
My old man told me there is no second place. Only a first to lose. He’d never played in the NFL, but he played D1 college ball at Army. When I made the NFL, I thought, “at least I’ve done something HE never did.” I felt so proud. When we made it to the Super Bowl, I thought I’d wear my sparkly Super Bowl ring to every Christmas party, and then… maybe then… then... he’d be proud of me. 
Just once, I’d like to have seen him smile. The man never smiled. Never. Not even on holidays. Weddings. Nothing. He’d never once congratulated me. Not when I played D1 ball, not when I got drafted, nothing. It pushed me to be better, and I won’t whine or anything and I love him all the same… But it’s just… that I looked up to him, playing ball. I looked up to him, when I was a kid. I mean, dammit, he was a colonel in the US Army. My dad was a bona fide hero. He was my hero.  
And I’d thought of him patting me on the back, hugging me during our victory party. It’d have made him proud… It’d have made him smile… He could’ve bragged about it to his buddies at the VFW, shown them my Super Bowl ring…
But no. I lost the game. I was a loser. 
I couldn’t look my old man in the eyes afterward. And I never got a second chance at a Super Bowl. I never got back to the big game. 
Not that I could really face my Pops, even before that game. But after that, dammit, I never could really talk to him, not even when he was on his deathbed. 
Dammit, I made millions. I was an all-pro. I played 16 years in the NFL. But the only time I got to the big game, I lost. Losing that Super Bowl, being the biggest loser, having to face my old man, my family, after that game, having to explain to my children that we lost, that was the worst moment of my life. That was far worse than losing my money. 
Goddammit, we let everyone down. And I have to live with that. I lost my pride with that Super Bowl. I will never have a second chance. That game, that drive will haunt me forever. 
That game… The noise, the crowd hiss… That sea of camera lights flashing… Me, shoving forward, beads of hot sweat burning my eyes as I was looking up over the rows of helmets and knots of padded bodies… Me, seeing our guy twisting on the turf, stretching his arm to the white chalk of the goal line, and then… the whistles, the fireworks, the reckoning, knowing our guy came up just inches, dammit, just inches short, that… that wakes me up in the middle of the night... It fucking haunts me. 
I only watched that game tape once, during the offseason following the Super Bowl. Otherwise, I don’t ever want to see video of it. Not like I need to, anyway, since it often creeps back, runs on a loop, in my mind. 
When I flashback to that Super Bowl, that’s pretty much the only time, really, these days, I think much about football. I don’t even watch the Super Bowl anymore, unless I go to a party…  
My wife’s been talking about this haunting crap. I don’t believe in it. I believe in real ghosts. The past. Traumatic memories and lost opportunities… The ghost of Super Bowl past. The ghost of lingering disappointment and lost pride. Those, dammit. Those are my ghosts. 

Mr. Wilson:

I tell you what, I’ve been in this neighborhood my whole life, and that house has always been an eyesore. It’s completely out of place. Who wants a big kooky gothic building like that in a residential area? 
Its history is something else too… 
The house was built by a tobacco baron, about 220 years back. But the very day he was to have moved in, him, his wife, and their two kids perished in a ghastly accident. 
The family was en route to the house, riding in a horse-drawn carriage, when the carriage suddenly caught fire, and the four burned to death inside. A lantern had spilled, lit the carriage ablaze, apparently. But this was a while back, before forensics, CSI, and science like that, so it’s impossible to say what exactly happened. Whatever it was, it must have been a terrifying experience. 
Worse yet, the driver of the carriage and the family’s butler had tried to pry the stagecoach doors open, but the horse got spooked and galloped away and that dang runaway horse then dragged the flaming carriage all through the town. The townsfolk, their pants scared off, were hollering and pointing and running every which way…
A policeman on horseback finally rode in, chased after the flaming wreck, and shot the runaway horse dead. Tragically, however, none of the family survived.  
I tell you, it must have been a nightmarish scene. 
Allegedly the house was built on the spot of a battle, or a massacre, depending on who you ask, involving Pilgrims and Indians. Exactly who massacred who is hotly debated among historians. But it is for sure that many died and were buried on those grounds. The Pilgrims’ bodies were dug up and moved later, given proper burials. Rumor has it that the Indians, though, are still buried there…
For years it was considered cursed, hallowed ground. No one wanted to build anything there. One merchant tried to build a general store, but accidents kept happening during the construction, and he gave up. A couple workers died too during the construction of the house. Both fell from tall ladders, in the same spot, weirdly enough, I read. 
After the tobacco guy and his family died in that freak fire, the house and the land sat empty for years. Until it was bought by the funeral folks. 
Yessir, I remember back when it was a funeral home. When we were kids, we’d ride our bikes by the house, rubberneck and gawk at it. The funeral home only took in bodies, embalmed or cremated them, at that time, from what I can recall. 
It’d creep the heck out of us, watching columns of gray smoke billow up from the chimney, knowing where the smoke was from… There’d be a noticeable metallic odor around the house too, kind of like a roast lamb or the smell of a cooking grill after cleaning it…
No one wanted anything to do with the place, other than gawk at it out of morbid curiosity. No one I knew had ever gone in there, no one I knew had stepped foot inside that creepy gothic monstrosity… 
It was a family business for years, the funeral home. Then the family moved on, passed on. I never read about or heard of any accidents or gruesome stories involving the funeral home family, though, the Barkers. The patriarch was said to be a fine man. He was well-respected in the community and donated generously to the local church.  
One of the sons eventually became the undertaker and ran the place. But he didn’t live there and wasn’t active in the community. I remember seeing him. He was a freakishly tall, thin, and pale fellow. The man was pale as a vampire. He and his assistant, another pale, tall fellow, lived on the other side of town. 
The two seemed to always be together and no one knew much about them. Given their work and unsettling appearances, no one wanted to have much to do with them. They were an embodiment of death. They looked like ghosts themselves, and there were rumors that they might actually be ghosts. 
The two scared the bejeebus out of everyone. I got the heebie-jeebies just at the mere sight of them. 
The pair worked there for years until they closed the business after the last Barker died. 
You know, it’s off-topic, but I wonder what happens when an undertaker dies? Who buries the undertaker? Must be strange for an undertaker to bury another undertaker. I don’t know. I wonder about stuff like that. My wife says I talk too dang much. Anyway…
Anyway, they sold the property. We thought it’d be torn down and rebuilt, but a young family bought it and moved in not long after the funeral business shut down. It surprised everyone in the neighborhood. We couldn’t quite wrap our heads around why they’d want to live there, of all… You know, the stories of that place… 
Everyone had a ghost story about it, about the house. Everyone in the neighborhood would talk about how they’d see strange phenomena, ‘round there. The most popular was the story of a ghost lady in an old-style white dress, and her stomach was ripped open and bloody, as if she’d been attacked, stabbed and murdered in a gory way. 
The lady allegedly looked like someone from colonial times; she had a bonnet of some sort, and she’d walk around in circles, on the front lawn of the house, looking confused, like she was searching for something. At least that’s what everyone said. I never caught a glimpse of her.  
Maybe because I don’t believe in it. I don’t believe in that ghost hooey. I never cared for scary movies or any of that jazz. I never even believed in God, to tell you the truth. But I never told anyone about that because there’s nothing worse than an atheist. An atheist is one step up from a communist. Or are atheists worse than communists? I don’t know. 
I used to hate going to church. I hated pretending to pray. I’d daydream during the sermons. The priests up there in their robes. They were only grown men in pajamas to me. You know, one of them touched the altar boys, and I’d heard about it. Maybe that’s why I didn’t believe in God, because I heard the rumors about the priests. I heard it long before it became a national news story… 
I hated the church. I hated it for most of my life. 
But after the shootings, I’ll admit that I came to appreciate the community aspect of our church. I must admit the prayer services, candlelit vigils helped me through those dark days, just being with others, at that time, you know?
Still, the ghosts and that jazz, it’s hooey! I think it’s people’s imaginations. I can’t stand those silly horror movies. I really can’t! My wife watches them, but I think it’s nonsense. 
And I can’t stand those “ghosthunter” shows on TV, either. I tell you, it’s a bunch of shysters, if you ask me. Hoaxes and hoaxers. All that. All those mediums and exorcists. Those “demonic possessions.” For shame! Those possessions back in medieval times were probably just some poor, mentally retarded kids, kids with speech impediments or folks with mental illnesses. Demons and ghosts, hah! It’s hogwash. It’s sad. It’s gosh-darn sad. Plain sad. 
Everyone in the neighborhood figured they’d tear the place down. Not that I believe in ghosts, but still, who wants to live in a former funeral parlor? It’s yucky. It makes me want to throw up, thinking of those bodies in there, rotting and being embalmed and burned. The blood and guts running up and down the pipes in there. Who wants to shower in that? I gotta wonder if they flushed the blood and guts down the same pipes as our sewage. And then… does the treated water go to the same place as our drinking water comes from? The same pipes our house water comes from? I could google it, but it’s probably one thing you don’t want to know… Ick! 
But, anyway, they remodeled the house and converted it into a residential property. I’m thinking they removed the funeral equipment before the family moved in, although I can’t say for sure. 
Rumor has it the place still has its original furniture, the antique furniture, from the tobacco family, from 1800. Now that must be a sight, I tell you what… 
Heck, they seemed alright, that family, the Oswalds. I remember them. They weren’t kin to the, you know, the infamous Oswald, but it must have been strange to share his name. It must have toughened them up, I’d think. 
They came to a few neighborhood cookouts. But, tell you the truth, it was always uncomfortable being in their presence. Because they lived in that house. It was like the death clung to them. The spirit, idea of death had wrapped itself around them. Anytime you’d see them, you’d think of the bodies, the corpses being drained of blood or burned or whatever. 
Again, I don’t believe in that junk about ghosts. But how could they live in that house? Why would they? Just look at it. Its gothic spires, its Victorian architecture. It looks like something from Edward Scissorhands. 
They’d only lived there a couple months before… that happened… and all of them had been looking haggardly and sickly, more so than ever in the days prior... 
A couple of the neighbors had caught a whiff of a burning smell coming from the house, similar to when the crematorium was running. Another neighbor said she’d been smelling a puke-like stink wafting out of there, another said it was like burning garbage. But me, no sir, I never noticed anything of the sort. Aside from the folks looking sickly, I never noticed anything strange ahead of that.. that day. That nightmare.   
It was such a nightmare too, when it happened. When the kid snapped. The kid had seemed normal enough, originally. Before he became a recluse. He’d been running around the neighborhood, same as any other kid. I heard other kids teased him, and his siblings, over their house, called them the “Adams Family” and stuff like that. You know how cruel kids can be. 
But I don’t know if that was enough to make him snap. I don’t know if there’s ever really one reason. If there’s ever really one sign or there’s many signs. I don’t know. 
I blame the parents, to be honest. How do you let your kid not leave his room? How do you let your kid sit around 24/7, playing violent video games and posting gory pics of plane crashes and gruesome murders online? The kid taped black garbage bags over his bedroom windows. He washed himself compulsively. He had no friends. He was pale as a ghost and only wore black. The kid looked like a monster, like a vampire. It was scary. Like sometimes you hear that a neighbor or coworker snapped, and you think, “How could he?” But him? It was like, “Of course he did…” The kid was a freak. He had serious issues.
So why did the parents buy that little freak a gun? A machine gun? It’s not like he’s going deer hunting with an M-16. I can’t wrap my head around it. Really, I just can’t. 
I didn’t hear the gunshots. But I was home. I was getting ready for work. I saw the little freak, too, driving his mom’s minivan, on the way to shoot up his school. It was the first time I’d seen him in months. He looked a lot older than I remembered and was wearing a dang wedding dress. His face was blanched, looked made of marble. I couldn’t spot a trace of emotion.
Of course, I didn’t know he’d just shot his whole family and was on the way to shoot up his school. When the police interviewed me, I told them this. I wish, I so wish I would have known. I wish I had a clue. I would have called the cops. Then maybe I could have stopped the little freak from killing those poor kids at the school. 
That’s the regret I live with. That’s what I think about. I flashback to that muggy morning. How hot and sticky it already was. How high the sun hung in the clear blue sky, the sun this huge shimmering orange ball. That might have been the hottest morning I can ever remember.
My dang car was like an oven; it was plain scorching inside. The steering wheel in my car felt like it was on fire. I was standing in the driveway waiting for the car to cool down when I saw that little psycho, driving along in his death van. 
I think about that, about seeing that kid, that freak. He didn’t look at me. But I looked at him. I almost waved at him, like I do every neighbor, but I didn’t. Because he scared me. I think of that too. What if I’d waved at him and he’d rolled down the window, of that brown death van, and shot me dead in the street, like an animal?
What if that stopped it, though? What if he’d shot me, then the cops came and stopped him from going into that school? I’d rather he took me out than those kids. Maybe I’d have survived, and it’d be me in that wheelchair instead of that kid a few doors down, who’ll never walk again. I’ve lived for 52 years. That kid is only a kid. That kid is only 15, and he’s got to be in a stinking chair for the rest of his days! 
I live with that. I live with those thoughts.
In the days following the shootings, I wanted the house torn down. Everyone in the neighborhood did. There’d be gawkers, idiots driving by, snapping photos of it. As if that’s what we needed, after the press, media was hounding us, with all their press vehicles, photographers, slick-talking journalists poking mics in our faces, their news tents pitched everywhere up and down the block. 
We wanted to have that ugly house bulldozed once the cops were done with the crime scene. Heck, I’d have driven the bulldozer myself, taken it down. Everyone around here wanted that house gone.  
But not the relatives of the family, some cousin who inherited the house. No sir. He insisted on keeping it and renting it for now. He’s holding out to sell it later, apparently. Maybe he’s thinking the infamy will wear down and he can command a better price. 
We, and I mean me and the other folks on the neighborhood council, lobbied the bank to buy the property so it could be torn down. We wanted to build a playground on the site, or start a small farm, a garden, do something to put life there, bring life to that place of unspeakable death. 
But we didn’t get our wish. That ugly old horrible house is still standing, high and creepy as ever. And weirdos still are driving by to take photos of the dang thing. It’s a travesty. It absolutely is.   
Now a former NFL player is moving in, renting the place. I remember him playing. The guy was a terrific lineman. 
But when I saw him driving up, walking into the house, he didn’t look good. He was limping and his face was sullen. I think he’s fallen on hard times. That must be why he’s living in an old murder house. Poor fella…
I wonder, would a guy like that be afraid of “ghosts?” I mean, he played against the fastest, strongest, most ferocious athletes in the world. What’s scarier than an NFL linebacker? No one is tougher, nothing is scarier than an NFL linebacker flying at you. A dang pumped up, 6’2, 240-pound hot mess of muscle. A meathead with a neck as thick as a tree trunk. A mohawked-maniac stabbed full of steroids, all screaming and flying at you like a bat out of hell. I tell you what, nothing is scarier than that...
Speaking of linebackers, Junior Seau was that fella’s teammate for a couple seasons. Junior Seau! I want to ask him about Junior, the “Tasmanian Devil.” I loved that guy! He was a favorite player of mine, probably my second favorite linebacker ever, after Derrick Thomas. 
I’m not sure I could work up the nerve to ask about Junior, though. Not after what happened... I guess it’s one of those things you shouldn’t mention…

Tibet:

So my mom’s been spazzing… Man, she’s petrified about moving into the new house. Claims it’s haunted. It’s certainly haunted by bad vibes. There’s no doubt about that. 
Everyone heard of what happened there. That kid going nuts and blasting his family, then attacking his school. Oh, and his trial, what a spectacle. They’d actually tried “demonic possession” as a defense. His lawyers even hired some quack to testify on his behalf. This quack was a famous ghost hunter, and he testified about his “examination” of the house and played, in the courtroom, these hissing and popping noises he’d recorded, claiming they were “voices of the dead.” The whole fucking shitshow was on TLC. 
If you ask me, the “ghost hunter,” the quack, was just a clout chaser. He was trying to cash in on the tragedy. Look, he sold a book about it, went on TV shows afterward. He was an asshole, as far as I’m concerned, a bullshit artist, same as those psychics and mediums, those parasites who exploit misfortune, target the naïve, rake in blood money… Fuck him and fuck every one of his ilk…
I’m not sure if I believe ghosts are sentient beings. I imagine them more as forces and energy, but indifferent, not malevolent or benevolent. They’re basically the same as a gust of wind or the pull of gravity. They’re a part of nature.  
Ghosts make for fun flicks, though. I’ve watched a lot of horror movies. When I was younger, I’d be scared by that stuff, too. Carrie freaked me out. The frothing, fucking demonic bitch. I could have seen some lame chick I pumped and dumped going batshit like that. I could see her covered, head to toe, in blood, chasing me down a school hallway, shooting fireballs from her ass…
Nowadays, there are tons of Carries, right? Aren’t a lot of these kids, shooting up schools, a Carrie? It’s the revenge of the nerds out there. Nerds going homicidal. You know, like the middle school kid with dental headgear who got his face splashed in the toilet a couple years ago and then opened fire in the school cafeteria. Or that kid at a high school a few towns over, who got a banana shoved up his ass, at a houseparty, by jocks, and later went out and shot up a football game. 
Carries, nerds. Man, don’t fuck with the nerds anymore… 
But people still do. I bet they always will. It’s human nature, to fuck with people. And like nowadays, with the cyberbullying, it’s even worse. Like, remember the retarded kid with a lightsaber? That video went viral. Millions of people saw that. Millions of people saw and laughed at an 11-year-old retarded kid’s worst moment. It’s terrible. Really, it is. That kid will grow up to be a mass shooter or a serial killer or some shit. 
Not that I’m innocent. We pranked lots of kids. We gave kids atomic wedgies. We did that shit. And the older kids did it to us. It’s a cycle. An ecosystem of abuse. But I never thought of anyone shooting up my school. We were fortunate that no one in our class was the type. But shit, if I’d been living in Colby Oswald’s neighborhood, right? 
Yeah, dude, I was scared more of ghosts, as a kid, than school shooters. I believed in ghost stories, I believed in Slenderman and urban legends. I believed, at one point, for real, that if I said “Candyman” three times, into a mirror, Candyman would show up and kill me. And while I don’t believe in Slenderman or Candyman, anymore, I still sort of do believe in ghosts. But in a different way. 
Look… my views changed. My outlook changed. I changed after I traveled the world…
That’s one thing I’m most proud of doing. Traveling the world. It’s one thing no one can ever take from you, your travels. 
I remember hearing an interview with the rapper Lloyd Banks. He was once famous, on top of the charts. These days, he’s not, and an interviewer asked him about it, asking him euphemistically how he felt now that his time in the spotlight was over. 
Banks, being cool as fuck, like he is, replied by saying something about how the money, fame, that comes and goes, but the experiences he had, especially traveling the world, that’s something no one can ever take from him. 
And I feel that, man. I feel the same way. 
Lloyd Banks, in that interview, was reminiscing, talking about visiting beaches made of volcanic sands, these black sand beaches, in the Canary Islands. Yo, I saw that too. I went there too, man. I actually saw that. I walked, barefoot, on volcanic sands. It was absurd... 
Man, I floated in the Dead Sea. I strolled through areas of the Middle East that have been inhabited for over 10,000 years. I trekked through Aztec, Incan, and Mayan ruins in Central and South America. I chased after an alpaca that ran up and stole my phone with its mouth. I rode a donkey in the Andes Mountains. I hiked in the Amazon, went scuba diving in the Philippines, spearfishing in Tahiti. I visited the Roman Coliseum and the Eiffel Tower.   
As cool as all that is, the most spectacular place I’ve ever visited, and the most unforgettable, most transformative experience I ever had, without a doubt, has to be… Tibet.  

My perception of the world, of life, of virtually everything, changed, drastically, after I visited Tibet. 
I’m lucky to have ever gotten in. Mere entry is strictly controlled. If you want to enter the country, and you’re not a Chinese citizen, you have to be part of a Chinese government-approved tour group, be part of a Chinese government-approved tour.  
I was fortunate enough to have joined such a tour group, along with a handful of travel buddies I’d made while staying in a hostel in Hong Kong. The idea was instigated by my bunkmate at the hostel, an older British “bloke,” this former S.A.S., heavy-drinking Welshman. Dude was fucking nuts. And cool as shit. 
I mean like here we were, in this pub in Kowloon, and out of nowhere, his eyes bulge and he blurts out, “I want to climb Mount Everest naked…”
I thought it was a joke, that it was the beers talking. We really were shooting the shit, slamming pint after pint in that pub... 
That pub. It was an authentically British place. The Brits seem to have a system, a network of British pubs, in every city in the world. I’m sure you’ve seen one. A place with pictures of soccer players and cricketers on the walls and Union Jack flags hanging from the rafters. This was one of those places… A place that served bangers and mash and pork pies and eggs and baked beans and black pudding and haggis and all the other weird shit the Brits eat. 
Yo, I tell you, man, like I’d always heard British food was disgusting, but when I tried it, it was delectable. Traditional British food is far better than advertised… Just don’t ask what haggis or black pudding is made with…
Anyway, this crazy Welsh motherfucker was slugging down pints of Guinness. Using the side of his forearm to wipe away the froth from his thin lips, he starts getting serious, his face tightening, and he’s going on, writing an itinerary, plotting a voyage to the Himalayas. He proclaimed to have been to 82 countries, but said he never saw the Himalayas, never went to Tibet. 
He was 43, he said, but looked 35 or so, and had a head full of scraggly blond hair. As with most Brits, he was shockingly pale, looking like he’d taken a bath in bleach. 
Although he didn’t have any scars or wrinkles, aside from a couple light forehead creases, he did appear as the sort who’d been in his share of fights, had his share of drama, but, given his disposition, it was easy to picture his opponents faring far worse than him in any dispute. Dude was pretty jacked, I gotta say, looked like he pumped iron or did hundreds of push-ups every day. He had that natural, tensile type, corded musculature…
Yo, for real, how is it that so many of these army dudes stay ripped, even after they’re discharged? My Grandpa was like that. There’s something about what being in the army does to those guys…
But yeah, dude was bemoaning his traveling days coming to an end, confessing that he missed Wales. During his lamentations, with his face crinkling, and the way the neon light trickling in from the pub’s front window flashed off his face, I remember starting to think that he looked older and that I could see him being in his 40s. 
At least I was able to understand him. His accent was clean. Unlike some of the other Brits I’d met, most notably the Scots. 
Some guys from Glasgow, I could barely understand. Coolest people, funnest people in the world, the Scots, but I couldn’t comprehend what they were saying, half the time. I’m not even convinced what those Scots were saying was even really English. Maybe it was a kilt and bagpipes, fucking Gaelic language or something. Part of it was English, I’m sure. It sounded like English, anyway. I’d seen the film Trainspotting, so that helped. Too bad the real live Scottish people didn’t come with subtitles, though… 
Oh, and I remember asking a couple Scots if they’d seen the Loch Ness Monster, and most of them just looked at me funny, shook their heads, though one responded that “I don’t think anyone’s ever seen it...”
Oh, man, fucking British people, they’re great. They say funny shit! Like, even if they’re mad and yelling, it still sounds funny, just because of how they talk. I’d always thought of the Brits as only being these tea-drinking, “posh,” jolly fucking Prince Harry, Lady Diana Jane Austen type of assholes. But nah, they get rowdy!
Especially around soccer, which I can understand, since it’s so boring. Those soccer hooligans, they gotta beat the shit out of somebody to make a game that stupid and boring into something more exciting. I can understand it. 
Part of that must be related to the drinking. Those Brits get wild when they drink. You feed the Brits a few pints and all that stiff upper lip shit vanishes. And man, seriously, they drink hard. Like, having been in a frat, I saw heavy drinking, but the Brits, they were fucking animals. They took it to another level. 
Oh man, they’re great. I loved those British guys. They were the best…
Tough bastards too. Lotsa shaven heads. Missing teeth. Ready to brawl in a minute. A real warrior culture over there. Like, that island, how fucking cold and rainy it is, you gotta be tough to live there. 
I visited Britain, too, and loved it. It was so green, like even greener than the Irish Spring commercials, all the rolling hills, fucking Leprechauns hiding out there with pots of gold and shit. Oh, man, it was bucolic, truly beautiful, but those people are wild. They’re fucking animals. 
Why don’t we get those sorts, the wild Brits in America? The “yobs” as they call them there... We don’t get those in America. We only get the goofy fucking Monty Python, Benny Hill, and John Oliver types or the classy types, like the Royals, and rich businesspeople, the “Excuse me, sir, might you have some Grey Poopah” riding in a Jaguar Brits, or the rock stars, or the Harry Potter magic wand waving Brits, or handsome Harry Styles or David Beckham soccer ball kicking motherfucker Brit. 
The rest, they don’t get passports, probably. They do a good job keeping their animals hidden, caged up in that cold crazy island. 
The UK doesn’t let its maniacs out. But America does. Any American abroad is likely either in the army or a criminal or evil businessman or all three. Or an escaped child molester. Or worse- a missionary. If you ever see an American abroad, run away! Nah, I’m only kidding. Sort of.
Some of the maniacs do escape Britain, though. I met a few maniacs, like the Welshman, traveling in Asia. And I have to say, they were pretty fucking cool. 

Back to the Welshman, first time I met him, in my hostel. He was lying on the bunk above me, reading a book about the Korean War, and was wearing a t-shirt, a fucking t-shirt, and blue jeans, in the middle of winter. Dude had some big biceps, too, a pair of guns on him… 
It was so cold then, too, in Hong Kong. This shit cold. This thickly humid cold. This damp cold. The cold was almost like a living force, a sinister, malignant being. It was everywhere and touching everything. I never experienced such nasty cold. It was miserable. And it was made much worse with the rainy, misty weather. 
And then here was this Welsh dude, with this tattoo of a green dragon on his muscular arm, and he invites me out for pints and starts talking jokingly, then seriously about hitting Tibet. His sweet beer breath fogging over us, he was getting hyped up, his blue eyes bulging as he started talking about really going there, not to hike Mount Everest naked, but going on a legit tour. 
Damn skippy, I’m with it. Tibet? The rooftop of the world? To me, it was the most exotic place imaginable. It was the farthest end of the Earth. I’d come to Asia without much of a plan, was just gonna bum around, check out different countries, and I was stoked to check out the wildest one possible… 
We booked the ticket, tour from a travel agent nearby our hostel in Kowloon and left a few days later. It wasn’t the most opportune time to go, being winter, and colder than a witch’s cunt, but Tibet was open and way cheaper, at that time of year, so we seized the chance. 
(Welshman said China would frequently close Tibet off around “sensitive” times of the year, like an anniversary of an uprising or holiday…)

Man, just flying into the place was a thrill. We flew first from Hong Kong to Chongqing. 
Chongqing, somewhere in southwest China, was so foggy that, as we descended and approached the city, I could barely see anything from our plane’s windows until the black tongue of the airport runway appeared, almost magically, and mere seconds later we touched down with a hard bump.  
At the airport in Chongqing, we had a short layover, part of which I spent hitting on a cute young Chinese chick working at a souvenir stand. She was petite, with sky high cheekbones, big brown eyes, and straight shiny black hair reaching to her flat belly. She was wearing a tight red sweater and hugging blue jeans that complimented the curves of her flawlessly trim figure, and looking her over, I was starting to grasp the concept of “yellow fever.”
She spoke about 20 words of English, and I couldn’t speak a word of Chinese, but anything I said was making her laugh like I was a standup comedian. I asked for her number too, but she just kept laughing and giggling. I did the phone hand signals and everything. I don’t know if she didn’t understand or just didn’t want me calling her. Eventually I gave up and rejoined my travel crew, sat by them on a metal bench facing the gate.  
The Welshman swung his gaze at me as I sat down, and he snarled. With his snarling, his thin upper lip curling, his face reminded me a little of Sid Vicious. But like a blonder, older Sid Vicious. A wiser Sid Vicious. An in an airport in China middle-aged Sid Vicious. A Sid Vicious who hadn’t murdered his girlfriend and overdosed on smack. A Sid Vicious if he’d joined the S.A.S. instead of the Sex Pistols.  
I couldn’t really imagine Welshman doing smack, but I could see him murdering people. I could see him murdering lots of people. Shit, he was in the army, the S.A.S., so who knows how many bodies he had… I could see him in gully suits, running loose in jungles, jumping down from trees, his face slathered in green camo paint, all that Rambo sorta shit. Yeah, man, I probably didn’t even want to know the crazy military shit he’d done… Accordingly, I made a mental note to stay on his good side…
Welshman was sipping on a can of Coke, and he declared that Chinese chicks were hot; “fit” was the term he used. (“Fit” means “sexy” in spoken British.)
Though he warned me about Tibetan girls, proclaiming that Tibetan girls have hairy armpits and bad teeth, stinky breath. He was one to talk, really, considering his teeth were a train wreck, but his breath never stank, except of alcohol. His generalizations would have triggered people on Twitter, I bet. I sure hope he never took to tweeting. 
He was tendentious, a skosh borderline racist to everyone, though; an equal offender of sorts, so I didn’t care, and again, he did frighten me a bit, so I kept quiet about his occasional inflammatory remarks… 

Soon enough, we were lifting off, in another plane, this one to Lhasa. Flying into Tibet, soaring over the Himalayas, a shudder plaited down my spine as I peered down from the plane, gawking at those mountains. The Himalayas were mountains like I’d never seen before. They had this unique shape, twisting sharp tips and spooky gray, white and black colors. They looked more like a leviathan, a strange dark living organism, than a chain of mountains. Thinking how they’d risen, erupted from the Earth, they were, in a way, the Earth’s adult teeth, wisdom teeth, fangs from the ground. 
Stepping off the plane, the air was sucked dry from my lungs, as if a vacuum tube had been shoved down my throat. Frigid winds whipped at my face, causing my eyes to wet up and my nose to coldly congeal and drip icy snot. 
It was tough to adjust. I felt breathless and lead boned as we lurched through the airport, respirating in rapid, shallow sprints. All of us were feeling rough, light-headed, dizzy due to the sudden shock of the altitude sickness. And we all were slightly aphasiac at the magnificence of the place’s scenery, the ruggedly exotic, breathtaking landscape. 
(I’d been to Denver, so I’d been “mile high,” but this place was something else. It was 14,370 feet in the air. It really was the “rooftop of the world,” like walking through the clouds. If you stepped too quickly, especially when ascending stairs, you’d be gasping, literally. We found out fast, that in Lhasa, slow movements were preferrable…)  
The vibe in the place was weird, man. I don’t think I could ever have adjusted to it. Tibet, Lhasa, was just heavy with tension, and the minute we met our tour guide, by the baggage carousel, I felt a cold-dripping premonition... 
We piled into a minivan with our tour guide, who drove us from the airport to downtown Lhasa, and he started telling us about the city, its ancient history. His English was excellent, only slightly accented, which was certainly advantageous for us, since none of us spoke any Tibetan... 
Peering out the van’s tinted windows, we saw red flags everywhere. And I mean real red flags, the Chinese national flag. Chinese flags plastered on billboards, Chinese flags hanging from lampposts, Chinese flags attached to traffic lights, Chinese flags hanging over seemingly every business or home. 
There were gigantic billboards lining every road with what looked to be propaganda. It was hammer and sickle, commie stuff, Chinese characters with lots of exclamation points and brave, happy peasants working under or saluting the omnipresent red flag. 
Looking at the Chinese flag, the Welshman whispered into my ear that the flag was Mao’s bedsheet dipped into a pool of blood, and that Mao had run, like a cricket bowler, and launched himself into the sky, snatched five evil dwarf stars from space and then crashed back to Earth, slapped the evil stars onto his blood-soaked flag. Welshman said he’d read something about that in a book by a Chinese dissident.
“Ma Jian is my favorite Chinese writer,” Welshman whispered, panning his snarling mug back toward the passing scenery of wintery plains and spiraling swaths of snow-capped mountains.  
The Welshman was a bit of a bookworm, read a lot, unlike me, who’d read some, but was more into nonfiction and thrillers, the page-turner, Tom Clancy stuff. The Welshman read fucking Russian, French, and Indian novels and shit… However, you probably wouldn’t pin him as a reader, if you saw him walking down the street. Given his perpetually scowling Sid Vicious face, you’d think of him, likely, as a ruffian. And you’d also be right. The Welshman was really a case study of interesting dichotomies...  
The Welshman pointed out that every street sign was tri-lingual, with the Chinese characters atop, in the largest type, then the Tibetan script underneath, roughly half its size, and English, smooshed to the bottom, even smaller. “The irony is didactic,” mumbled the Welshman, as he angled his handheld digital camera, pressed it to the van’s windows, snapping pics like a seasoned traveler.
Arriving in downtown Lhasa, I found the city itself to be a dichotomy, a curious amalgamation of modern and ancient. Modern, glassy boxes of buildings were situated next to slanted roof, chalk white structures; knots of Buddhist monks in saffron robes played on cell phones in front of golden, triangular temples, constructions that appeared over 1000 years old; elderly street hawkers, with faces worn as an old leather glove, wrapped almost like mummies in countless layers of clothes, the hawkers squatting on tiny plastic stools, curbside, the hawkers with colorful blankets unfurled and piled with vegetables or fruits or handicrafts to sell to passersby, the hawkers adroitly operating smartphones, accepting mobile phone, digital payments… It was quite a scene…
Driving by a temple, we passed a group of lumpy elderly women, their bodies wrapped in heavy orange shawls. They were facedown, prostrating on the street, outside the temple. I’d never seen anyone prostrate. One of the other Brits exploded in laughter, upon witnessing the women throwing themselves, crawling on their bellies through the icy muck of the street. 
“What is that shite?” he asked himself, through gasps of cackling, high-pitched laughs... The Brit had a narrow, ruddy face and a frohawk style haircut that made him look sort of like a chicken… 
“They’re prostrating,” spat back the Welshman, sounding annoyed. 
“Prostrating? What’s that?” the laugher queried, speaking in one of those London accents that omitted every hard “T”. “Prostra..ing,” he chirped, but after realizing his ignorance, the Londoner’s laughter quieted and slowly died.  
“It’s a religious thing,” returned the Welshman, sneering and pointing his camera at the prostrating women. 
I’d half-expected the Welshman to crack a dark joke about it. But he didn’t. 

We then arrived at our hostel. The place was a total dump. It had graffiti written on the walls and stank like a pungent mixture of cigarettes and unwashed ass. 
After we checked in, our tour guide, a local Tibetan, a chunky, 30ish, sad-faced man, pulled the Welshman aside and whispered something, the guide speaking with a somber expression.
The Welshman stepped back over to us, with a pained face. He said something about how we needed to keep quiet about political matters. That the tour guide had done 3 years in jail because he got ratted out for criticizing the Chinese Communist Party, saying something he claims he never said, and it had taken 3 years in jail for it to be cleared up, so we needed to be careful how we spoke during our trip. 
(Yeah, like, I’d noticed immediately something was off about the tour guide, man. He had the thousand-yard stare and spoke mechanically. He never smiled. His lips weirdly twitched. His dark brown face, especially his eyes, looked droopy, like an invisible weight were pulling them downward. He had unevenly buzzcut hair, color-clashing clothes, tattered sneakers, and his yellow jacket was zipped up to his chin. His head seemed to be bloated, like the size of a pumpkin, really unnaturally large, even for his heavy-set body... He just didn’t look right, not at all… Man, I bet the poor fuck was tortured like a bastard for years in that Chinese prison. We all really pitied him after learning his past, laying our eyes on him as if he’d been a holocaust survivor or some shit…)
“A fucking cultural genocide,” mumbled the Welshman, as we hauled our heavy backpacks, wheezing as we trudged up three flights of twisting, narrow stairs, to settle into our dingy rooms. 

Shortly after getting situated in the hostel, our guide took us out on a short drive around downtown Lhasa. 
Man, it was amazing. It was sort of like I’d have imagined India to be, except colder and less populated. It was more modern than I’d envisioned, too, full of shiny new cars, vans, buses, trucks, and motorbikes. And there were no animal-pulled carts or rickshaws, either, like I pictured. Except for the bicycle driven rickshaws, though, which, like, at that altitude, those dudes pushing and pedaling those bicycle rickshaws had to be stronger, more jacked than even the most roided-up Lance Armstrong… 
The traditional Tibetan buildings around the city were similar to other Asian buildings I’d seen, with the triangular, sloping roofs. But they were slightly different, had a chalkier white exterior, smaller windows, and loads of bright orange prayer flags hanging from their upcurved eaves.
Lhasa was turning out to be a bustling, lively little place, with tons of restaurants, tiny shops, street vendors, people in brightly colored garb, puffy sheep fur jackets, turban type head wraps and various colorful ethnic clothes. 
(With their explosions of radiant colors, the woven patterns on their loose, long-sleeved robes, their wide-brimmed hats, plaited hair, beads, precious stones, glimmering jewels and finery, the Tibetans, reminded me, in a way, of Native Americans… And I spotted one Tibetan woman, in a purplish red robe, who was wearing a headdress that was similar to a Jamaican beanie, and I couldn’t help but wonder if she was a fortuneteller of some sort, maybe the Tibetan reincarnation or sister spirit of Miss Cleo…)
All of Lhasa’s winding streets and curving alleys seemed to be leading to the Jokhang Temple, which was the heart of the city, both spiritually and economically. 
The temple was where our short driving excursion ended. We parked across the street from it, got out, set out on foot and perused the rows and rows of stalls outside the temple’s gates. The stalls were selling items to the masses of tourists (who were mostly Tibetans), hawking stuff like Buddha-themed souvenirs, Tibetan knickknacks, prayer wheels, and local food, largely consisting of dumplings stuffed with yak meat.  
As we walked through the rows of souvenir stalls, toward the imposingly tall, golden temple gates, which were glowing effulgently in the cold sun, we encountered more folks out front, Tibetan pilgrims, predominantly elderly, in black robes, who were prostrating, chanting and crawling on their bellies, through the streets beside the temple entrance… None of us said a word as we walked by, shifting our paths to avoid them, their bodies undulating and sliding as if submerged in water… 
Our guide then brought us inside, took us on a tour of the Jokhang Temple, shepherded us around. It was astounding. Beyond words, really. There were bald-headed monks in saffron robes chanting Buddhist mantras as we walked in. I got goosebumps, stepping in there, for real. It was like a scene from a movie, like Indiana Jones or something. To a man, in our group, we were all pretty speechless, in awe of it… 
The Jokhang Temple has an impressively long history. Our guide said it has stood in various forms since 652, and the Welshman whispered something to me about how it was a miracle the place survived the Cultural Revolution, when mobs of angry young communists were running amok, all over China, smashing up every temple in sight…
The temple was jam-packed with people, largely Tibetan pilgrims, Buddhists, who were there to pray. Long lines of worshippers were streaming in and out of the temple gates, crowding and moving in masses through the halls, rooms, and spaces. Practically every inch of the place was peopled.  
We carried forward, amongst the knots, like passengers in a packed train station. The temple was like a maze. It was disorienting, overwhelming, and incredible, with twisting, turning halls and corridors that were brimming with statues, paintings, writings in Sanskrit. The halls and corridors were somehow narrow yet vast, infinite yet still somehow small...  
Throughout the temple, there were Tibetans on their knees, chanting, bowing to Buddha statues, bowing and praying to and with the monks. The Tibetans were really into their prayers too. Their bodies electrified as they knelt. The monks sitting there all cross-legged and Buddha-like, too, were the epitome of Zen. It was quite a sight. The monks’ and pilgrims’ chanting reminded me somewhat of preachers speaking in tongues. But, really, it was nothing like you’d ever see in America… 
The temple was simply magnificent. Man, like, I’d seen gorgeous churches in Europe, but I’d never witnessed anything that could compare to this temple, certainly not in terms of exoticness. It had these intricate frescos of scenes from Buddhism, and immaculate, brightly painted red, gold and green wooden beams, and various Buddha sculptures sat everywhere. 
We trudged up a steep stairway to a rooftop deck, took a look at the peaks of the Himalayas that ringed around the temple. I noticed that the temple’s roof was gilded, and part of it looked to be made from pure gold. I couldn’t imagine how they’d constructed it, with that much gold. It looked like more gold than I’d seen in every gangsta rap video ever made. I think Trinidad James would die from a euphoric heart attack if he ever saw it…  
I wanted to ask the guide more about the temple’s construction, but he’d stopped to pray with a monk. He was on his knees, his eyes shut, and was chanting, rocking back and forth, and so I didn’t think it was the ideal time to disturb him. 
A feeling surfaced in me, like, how peaceful this was, the temple, how chill. Unlike Christian churches, with the bloody Jesuses hanging overhead, the Buddhist imagery seemed so… serene. It seemed to be about life rather than death and purgatory. That was the vibe I got from it, anyway, and I appreciated it…
Not only was visiting the temple incredible, but the smell inside, oh man, it was unforgettable. The monks were burning incense, “joss sticks,” everywhere, plus some other sort of stuff that I couldn’t identify. As we made our exit, clumped amongst another surging mass that pushed toward the gate, I asked the tour guide about the unique scent, and he said it was yak butter. 
Like, wow, the stuff had the most pungent smell to it. The smell crawled and nestled itself in my nostrils, clung to my clothes. It was stronger than any cigarette smoke, as if the scent were a power of its own. Everywhere in Lhasa, I noticed it, that same smell, that cloying, heavy scent of yak butter. At first sniff, it repulsed me, but pretty soon I got used to it, and even started to like it... 
Walking out of that temple, our group was dead quiet. I think we were all experiencing a touch of sensory overload. It blew me away, really, that something so beautiful, intricate, and incredible could actually exist. 

Aside from the Jokhang Temple, Lhasa wasn’t as crowded or peopled as Hong Kong. Perhaps there aren’t a whole lot of people who’d want to live in a place that high off the ground. I wasn’t sure how people could live there, really, living up in the sky like that. 
Back in Hong Kong, I’d read an article about how Tibetans had evolved differently than other humans, developing special genes and anatomies that enabled them to survive at a higher altitude. Their very existence, like, an example of Darwinism, these people of the skies…
The Tibetans were interesting people, man. They had a different appearance to them than the Chinese. They were something of a hybrid between the Indians, with their shorter stature and dark brown skin, and Chinese, with slanted eyes. 
Visiting different spots around the city, I noticed immediately how friendly they were, the Tibetans. And I’d laugh at how the street peddlers would cajole us, some even trying, absurdly, to wrangle us, pull us into their street side stall, so they could sell us tchotchkes, sweets, or whatever they had sitting under canopies or large umbrellas. 
I didn’t know what they were saying since most were speaking Tibetan to us. But it was obvious they were hawking their wares, pointing to things, shoving them in our faces. It was comical, really.   
Although, man, it was sad, some of the street beggars we saw. There was a time or two, when a beggar, holding a little baby, would literally hoist up the baby and thrust it at us, while pleading for money. Welshman said not to be fooled by it, however, because, apparently, in parts of Asia, there’s a “baby renting” racket, where “professional” beggars will rent a baby for a day, to elicit sympathy… 
There were little kid street beggars, too, skittering around. One beggar, looking no more than 6 years old, ran up to our group, wrapped himself around the tall lanky Londoner’s leg and wouldn’t let go until the guy gave the kid a couple bucks. It felt more like a form of emotional extortion to me… But really, it was sad, man, to see that level of poverty, to see little kids doing that…
I mean, dude, I grew up rich. I pretty much grew up in a castle. The worst thing I could remember witnessing was a friend in summer camp, on a hike, stumble into a beehive, and get swarmed by angry waves of bees, stung up and down his back. I was roughly 20 feet away, viewed the horrific scene as we trekked up a path, by a clearwater mountain stream. I remember the bees, the buzzing mass, the hovering shadow encircle and swallow him in its clutches, the army of flying insects jabbing and stinging at him as he wallowed, his voice cracking in misery, pain and terror. 
Amazingly, he didn’t die. But his back, his face, and his arms and legs were swollen, sheeted in red lumps. Dude looked almost like the Elephant Man... It was ill… 
That was likely the worst, saddest thing I’d ever seen in person. But I’d never seen such wide-scale suffering until I traveled to the developing world. I had never seen truly grinding, truly generational poverty. I had never seen such inequity, corruption and failure of leadership until I traveled to Latin America, parts of Asia, the Middle East, Africa. Man, it was fucking visceral, seeing that. Seriously, like, I’d take the worst slum, the worst neighborhood in America, any day, over the slums I saw. Americans really don’t understand how some people are living. 
I remember, as a kid, seeing that fat lady in those infomercials, pleading for money to feed starving African children. I didn’t see her anywhere, in my travels. I was thinking maybe I’d spot her in some slum, on the outskirts of a city, filming an infomercial. But I didn’t. I remember that we’d always joked, my friends and me, that she’d been eating all those kids’ food, or she was like a cannibal or some shit, kidnapping and eating the kids. But after seeing those places, for real, all that became less funny. I wonder what happened to that lady. I don’t know.
But, seriously, man, like I really became aware of how fortunate I was, in so many ways, after traveling the world, for real…
Most of the Tibetans we came across had obviously not traveled much outside of Tibet. Most had obviously never seen white people before, with how they were looking at us, gazing at us in wide-eyed, happy amazement. The rural, farmer types in particular. They’d point, wave, stare at us. Here or there one would speak to us, in Tibetan, smiling and asking us questions.
Welshman whispered to me something about how it was a far cry from the first foreigners who’d visited Tibet and were hissed at and spit on. Nope, we were treated far better, thankfully… 
When the Tibetans would speak to us, wave, say stuff in Tibetan, we’d just smile back, shrug our shoulders. Our tour guide, you might have thought, would have translated some, but he kept quiet, dour-faced as always; his lips firmly pressed together at all times. 
As he led us around, his hard face betrayed little emotion, and he kept his eyes fixed to the ground or in a straight line toward our destination. He only translated when a transaction of cash was necessary, like at restaurants or buying entrance tickets to temples or if we wanted help purchasing a souvenir.

It was striking, to me, how positive most of the locals’ attitudes were, given the circumstances, and how much random people on the street smiled. 
I only knew a bit of the history. I’d read online, before we came, how the Communist Chinese had invaded Tibet, occupied it since the 1950s and declared it a part of China, how they expelled the Dalai Lama, considered him a terrorist. To the Chinese, the Dalai Lama was like Osama Bin Laden. It was all strange to me, seeing that I’d always viewed the Dalai Lama as a peaceful, friendly old man. 
I’d read too that the Chinese had even banned the Dalai Lama from being reincarnated. Man, the Chinese had things in Tibet so locked down that they controlled reincarnations! I wondered how that worked, if the Chinese government had paranormal police, like the Ghostbusters, and if the Dalai Lama’s ghost would be thrown into a paranormal prison, a purgatory of some sort. I couldn’t quite figure that one out. The communists are weird, man.  
 
Speaking of the Dalai Lama, we were able to visit his house, the Potala Palace, which is an immense, mammoth red and white structure atop a hill, in the old city area of Lhasa. 
Driving in and stepping out of the van, we tossed our heads back, gawked and gasped at the sight of the palace. The palatial structure towered and skied above us, sat imposingly with the sharp teeth of the Himalayas as its backdrop. Its grandiose appearance gave it a curious aura of seclusion, and to enter the palace, we had to trudge up a small mountain of steps that were almost like an unending stairway to the heavens.
Walking up the vertiginously ascending, zigzagging, endless flights of white stone stairs was like climbing an obstacle course, with how thin the air was. We were all parched, huffing and puffing, hands on knees, once we reached the stairs’ summit, but our moods were slightly lifted upon being greeted by the snow lion statues at the entrance. We then wordlessly panned our gazes, appreciated and soaked in the jaw-dropping views of the Tibetan plateau.  
In contrast to its bewildering façade, the palace felt curiously empty inside. But it was definitely worth seeing for its panoramic views of Lhasa and its environs. Not to mention the breathtaking, lush wooden architecture, columns, and inward sloping walls painted in iridescent reds, golds, and greens. The walls were beautifully decorated, too, meticulously painted in detailed Buddhist scenes and images. With the overall craftsmanship, scale of the 32-acre complex, with its 13 storeys and over 1000 rooms, one could easily understand its UNESCO status, designation as one of the “Wonders of the World.”
Despite its grandeur, there really was an empty feeling in being there, I thought. As if we shouldn’t be there. The palace was a graveyard of sorts, a house of ghosts, a place in enemy hands. It felt like Paris, the Eiffel Tower, during the Nazi years. 
Just being a tourist there felt wrong, guilty in a way. I felt like a graverobber, like I was prying open and exploring an ancient tomb…

After the palace, we drove out to the countryside and saw something I could never, not in my wildest drug-addled dreams, have ever imagined. 
A “sky burial.” 
Suffice to say, we weren’t scheduled to see it; it wasn’t on our itinerary; we were to visit a temple nearby, but, on the drive over, from the van, we saw a small procession dragging a corpse up a rocky hill, and we asked the guide about it. Once he responded that it was a sky burial, we hounded him to pull over, to let us see, and he begrudgingly obliged, parked on the side of the road and we rushed out to view the unfolding spectacle.  
The corpse was a plump, brown-skinned old man. His naked, lifeless body was being dragged by three men, two of them youngish, one of them middle-aged. At the top of the earthy hill, the men, accompanied by 5 chanting monks, lay the corpse down. From off their shoulders, the men threw down and opened backpacks, then fished out what looked like small axes, chopping tools.  
Flanked by the chanting, bald-headed monks, the men, in floppy orange clothing, were smiling and nonchalantly chatting, and then the men suddenly raised their axes high in the air and began hacking apart the corpse, chopping the body into pieces. 
My stomach shifted, watching it. The others retched. The Welshman didn’t, though. He’d served in the army so he’d seen way more gruesome scenes. Still, he was speechless, awed by it, watching the men laugh, not callously, but so normally, so casually, as they broke the body apart. 
Our tour guide was unmoved. But when he noticed how affected we were, he explained to us that in Tibetan Buddhism, it’s believed the soul passes out of the body, after death, so that body is not a person anymore, it’s just an empty vessel, a shell. The remains of the shell, he said, would be fed back to the Earth, be food for vultures. 
Hearing him discuss the sky burial was the first time I’d heard any emotion, passion in his voice. Not a lot of emotion, mind you, but certainly a trace… 
He said the monks’ chanting was part of a ritual to summon vultures to eat the corpse, that the monks would sprinkle sugar over the corpse to sweeten it for the birds. 
The men chopping up, separating the body were a “Todken” a sky burial master, and his assistants, who specialized in these burials. Most Tibetans, the tour guide told us, believe that if they didn’t have a sky burial, they’d become a ghost, wandering the Earth, unable to pass on to the next life. 
I asked the tour guide if he’d have a sky burial, and he nodded, reluctantly, not making eye contact. His head cocked back, his eyes were solemnly locked on the scene at the top of the hill, where the men were pulling the corpse’s limp limbs off as if picking apart a crab. 
Then I asked the guide if he believed that he’d be a ghost if he didn’t receive a sky burial, and he didn’t reply to my question. An awkward silence hung heavy in the frigid mountain air.  
He went on to say that the ground in Tibet is too hard, cold, and rocky to bury bodies, so sky burials were of a practical nature, but also it fit Buddhist beliefs that humans are a part of something greater, a part of the universe, and the body, being empty of a soul, could be made beneficial, could be made a form of merit, being fed to the wild like this.
“Excarnation,” exclaimed the Welshman, smoothing back his scraggly blond hair that’d been flapping in the increasingly bitter, cold and dry wind. 
The icy Himalayan air kicking up, to a man, we were a shivering mass, our jaws twitching, teeth chattering. 
“It’s not always a ceremony like this one. Often the family will bring the body out, leave it by the temple, leave it for the vultures…” mentioned the tour guide, shifting his gaze and walking with heavy feet towards the van, and we followed him, like a V of swan, back over to the vehicle. 
I wanted to quip to Welshman about being dead, left out like that, on a hill in the Himalayas sure saves a lot of money on a funeral. Is nice to the birds, too, feeding them dinner. 
But then I remembered how it’s possible that your brain remains alive, possibly, for days after you die, and you’d maybe experience that... The corpse up there perhaps had just suffered the torture of being hacked apart with axes and would now endure the horrific ordeal of being eaten, picked apart like a Thanksgiving turkey by fucking vultures... Cremation, a big smoky final session in the sauna sounded a whole lot better to me…
We continued onward, drove up to a nearby temple that stood on a mountain spur. It was another white stone, red wood, and gold-trimmed complex and was nestled at the foot of a jagged, rocky hill, overlooking a crystal blue, surging river. Bands of multi-colored prayer flags hung from its front rafters and a gargantuan golden stupa spiraled from its center.  
The temple had tall, whitewashed walls, topped by bands of red ochre and golden circles. There were massive entry doors, made of wood and iron, and high, sloping walls. Like the palace and Jokhang Temple, the walls were decorated in Buddhist-themed motifs, like the ashtamangala.  
Strolling the temple grounds, we kept tripping and stumbling over raised steps in the doorways, which we found amusing, in a self-deprecating way, laughing at one another’s follies. However, the tour guide maintained his poker face and told us in a deadpan voice that the thresholds were intentionally built high, to block wayward spirits.  
In one of the winding halls, the Londoner swung his red face to me, his thin lips barely moving as he spoke, and he mumbled about how he had met a Tibetan girl working at the hostel and was trying to bang her. He then stopped to hand a few small bills to a monk at the temple for a blessing, whispering to me afterward that “I’m doing it for luck, so I can ‘shag’ that Tibetan girl. If this doesn’t work, I can assure you, I am done with Buddhism…”
Though this temple was smaller in scale, inside, it had a curious vastness. Walking about its corridors, I had an uneasy feeling. Glancing around at the lifelike Buddha sculptures and busts in every corner, many of them appeared to be glaring, and it was as if the weight of a thousand eyes were baring down on me. I was experiencing a creeping omen, an anxiety, like perhaps spirits in the temple’s vicinity were trying to warn us about something…

After touring the temple, we returned to Lhasa. We had an early dinner, without our guide, at a Nepalese restaurant near our hostel. 
(The tour guide was with us during the day, but at night he’d departed in his minivan to go back wherever it was that he went, and we were left to our own devices…)
Staggering out of the restaurant, our bellies stuffed with curry, jasmine rice and nan breads, we went wandering through the city center, then decided to check out a nearby bar. On our way, we must have passed by a police booth at every intersection. Seemingly, on every street, there was a small white and blue police booth, manned by one or two cops. Atop each booth, and installed at every intersection, and all around the city, were a panopticon of security cameras, the eyes of the Chinese Communist Party. Man, I was getting the feeling like the CCP could see more than God… 
The heavy security presence, cameras, abundance of police were noticeable to us upon arrival at the airport, and throughout our stay. We’d also passed by numerous roving Chinese police squads, usually consisting of about 10 men, 10 sour-faced coppers, in phalanxes, marching in lockstep, all fitted with fire extinguishers. 
And now was when we’d understand why most of the cops in Lhasa wielded fire extinguishers instead of just the traditional police accoutrements…

As the evening sky began to purple, I shifted my gaze and spotted a young Tibetan girl, maybe 15 feet from us, down the city block. The girl was in an oversized, floppy white robe, like what a cult member would wear. She’d shaved her head, like a Buddhist nun, and her face appeared reddened, yet blank, emotionless, like a passport or driver’s license photo. 
Showing no feelings, she set down a backpack, and from it, lifted out a red canister, held it aloft and doused herself in a clear liquid. 
She then whipped out a lighter from under her white robe, flicked it with her thumb, and touched the tongue of the tiny orange flame to her chest. 
She didn’t explode. It wasn’t like a bombing. It was more like when you start a fire and the kindle begins small and spreads, grows. The flames began in a small pool on her chest and grew into waves that wrinkled, washed sideways and upwards, slower than I’d have expected, although it could have been that the scene was so surreal that it appeared as if the whole thing was happening in slow-motion. 
Standing with her arms outstretched to a “T”, the fulgurate flames fully engulfed her form. She appeared as if a burning effigy, inhuman, particularly given her silence. I’d have expected she’d scream or chant, utter a statement, and maybe she did, but I didn’t hear it. 
After a handful of long seconds, she then crumpled to the ground, her forward falling body becoming a burning ball, a heap of tumbling flames. 
Then the smell reached us. It was far worse than that of burning hair. It was burning hair mixed with the smell of burning flesh. It was such a nauseating smell, such a stench, that once the smell found me, I felt an ugly sensation tingle and wash over me, sickening my stomach, like I swallowed a thumbtack. 
It was then, I swear, that I saw the girl’s soul, like a specter, float upwards and leave her body; her ghost, her soul in a spectral cast, ascending luminously from the fire.  
The girl, in her white robe, was whole, intact, her form translucent and radiant. Her face was resolute, contrite, as she rose from the burning lump, like a butterfly from a chrysalis. Then she broke apart, into a thousand hailstone-like pieces that whirled and washed in with the wafts of bone-gray smoke billowing below the purpling night. 
The police in the booth nearby had been playing on their phones, when it happened, and were too late to stop the immolation, though I guess they rushed in once they’d looked up and seen the flames. The cops, panic painted all over their twisted faces, clumsily hurried over, brandishing fire extinguishers, and they desperately shot a volley of gooey white foamy liquid bursts that extinguished the blaze. 
But they were unable to prevent the soul from exiting the body, and all that remained on the pavement was a white and black blob, vapors, and curls of smoke…
Our group stood transfixed, watching the scene. It was like some shit from a movie, seeing a person burn themself alive. I’d never seen anyone die before. I was frozen in shock. Then I shuddered, my throat dry as salt, my throat clicking. I was thinking I might vomit. 
Even the Welshman was moved by the scene. He just stared at it, somber, his face bleached pink and his upper lip curled, his head cocked to the side. The other guys cried. My eyes teared up a bit, too, I’ll admit. 
I wondered if she’d moved on to another life. I hoped she did. I hoped she wasn’t a ghost, an unhappy ghost, wandering the Earth. That wasn’t a sky burial. But did it count? Was it merit? Or would she go to the Buddhist version of hell, Naraka? I wanted to ask our tour guide about it… 
But I wouldn’t have the chance. Another group of cops quickly showed, swarmed the scene. They whisked us away and led us to a couple idling cop cars and brought us to police headquarters. 

Man, that police place was grim. It was a big gray box of a building, and it seemed like everything in it was gray or colorless. Worse yet, it was cold as a meat locker, smelled moldy as an old gym, and practically every cop inside was smoking cigarettes. Smoking cigarettes inside their offices, the hallways, at their desks, even in the elevators. I’d never seen so many people smoking. It was like we’d stepped out of a time machine, stepped into a 1950s black and white movie…
The police didn’t handcuff us, and they weren’t rough with us. But, with the help of an interpreter (a police lady, a young, 20ish Chinese girl, not bad looking, either) a pair of shifty-eyed middle-aged coppers questioned us for an hour or so about the incident, asking the same stupid questions again and again. 
We were then shuffled from one drab, gray room to another, made to wait. Finally, an English-speaking policeman arrived to question us. The policeman had a fat head, and the flesh around his eyes was all puffy. The fat head gamboled in, walking in confident, elongated strides. He was smoking a cig, of course, and he sat down to speak with us. 
(The fat head’s comportment and his appearance gave him the look of a man who is very important, or a man who just thinks he’s very important. I couldn’t determine which…) 
The fat head’s eyes had a quiet kind of animosity to them. He spoke impeccable English, almost in an upper-class British accent. He proceeded to interview us as a group. Then he brought us to other identically drab waiting rooms and interviewed us separately, asked the same shit he and the other cops asked, “What did you see?” “Where are you from?” “Did you know her?” et fucking cetera, man. 
(Like any of us would know a random Tibetan chick on the street? Come on!)
Then another set of cops, in different uniforms trudged in. They were more military looking, these cops, had helmets, combat boots, the whole nine. With furrowed brows, lips seemingly curled in disgust, they checked our phones, and one of their gruff superior types, who didn’t speak English, demanded us, through the cute girl interpreter, to delete every single photo we’d taken during the trip. 
The cute interpreter maintained a polite tone and trembling smile as she spoke with us. Obviously, none of us wished to trash all our vacation photos, all of which were innocuous, since I can’t remember any of us snapping photos of the immolation. However, none of us protested the policeman’s commands.

After they thoroughly inspected our phones, they huddled up, and the interpreter returned, told us we were to be deported immediately. She told us “no why” when we asked why, all the while maintaining her formal tone and polished albeit shaky smile.  
We were stunned. We couldn’t figure out why we were being deported, what part we had in this, aside from being witnesses… Perhaps it was that they saw us as a bad omen, bad luck. Welshman speculated that it was probably because they would lock down the area and that meant kicking foreigners out first. Whatever it was, the decision was final. There’d be no appeals. Peering over at the cops, with their menacing scowls, they didn’t appear to be open to negotiations.  
Once they finished the interrogations, they requested us to sign paperwork, which was entirely written in Chinese, and which the interpreter told us was simply a confirmation that we’d witnessed a “terrorist attack” and an act of “insurrection.” However, flipping through the papers, we wordlessly glanced at the Chinese characters... To me, the words were like strange hieroglyphics, practically an alien script... 
Then, glancing at each other, we shook our heads, and, to a man, we refused, on the grounds that we couldn’t read Chinese, and we requested to speak with our countries’ consulates. 
Thinking we might be spending a few days, or weeks, possibly, in the police station, we decided that would still be better than signing a statement in a language we can’t read. A statement that perhaps could be a confession or political ploy, form of entrapment. 
But only maybe 20 minutes later, the cops returned, without the paperwork, and escorted us out and drove us to the hostel to gather our things. Then we journeyed directly to the airport, to leave on the first flight out to Hong Kong, which was the next morning, and so we spent the night in the airport, accompanied the entire time by angry-eyed, surly police escorts. 
The Chinese police didn’t abuse us, but there was a look in their eyes, a seething hatred toward us that I could sense. It was a look like, “If we had the chance to kill you, to shove you in front of a firing squad, we happily would, so don’t try anything brave, you stupid fucking honky…”
“…”
We spoke briefly, by phone, with the tour guide, who promised us a partial refund, because the portion of the trip to Mount Everest, to drive around the foot of the mountain, would be canceled. 
“I can’t climb the fucking mountain naked, right? Bullocks!” grumbled the Welshman, disappointed. Though he whispered to me, triumphantly, as we stood at the urinals, with our dicks in our hands, pissing, that his camera and phone were both set to the cloud and the photos would be safe. He’d be posting them to Facebook later. He bragged that he’d once sold a picture to the AP of a soldier shooting a protestor in Bangkok. 
“Wonder how much the Firestarter will fetch...” Welshman wondered aloud in a hushed voice, and a cunning little smile touched his lips. 
The whole time in Tibet, even though I’d downloaded a VPN, I could barely get online. I guess he had satellite net or something else. A few weeks later, when I was in Japan, he emailed me the pics, but forwarded none of the “Firestarter.” I didn’t ask why…  

Though I was bummed I couldn’t check out Mount Everest, seeing that sky burial, then seeing that soul pass from the girl’s body, was far more powerful than visiting any mountain, even the world’s tallest.  
Man, watching the girl’s soul, watching her ghost, witnessing it with my own eyes, it was, to me, a verification that the Buddhists are right. There is a soul. There is karma. There is another life. There is something more. I’d seen it. I’d really seen it. 
Ever since then, I became a philosophical Buddhist. I don’t visit the temple or pray, but I’m with the ideology. I can relate a lot to the Buddha. I too was a sheltered rich kid, a prince, who was profoundly changed, after leaving my palace and witnessing the real world, witnessing suffering... I so totally respect and love the Buddha’s story, the Buddha’s whole vibe. I love the Buddha, man; like every other religious figure is all blood and guts and damnation, and here’s the Buddha, totally chill…
Maybe I’ll do like him. Start a new religion. Or start a cult. Colt’s Cult. Cult of Colt. But it’d be a cool cult, like we wouldn’t be into sex crimes or suicide or spaceships. We wouldn’t be weird. We’d just go somewhere and chill. Be chill. Like the Buddha…
I’m still a party guy, a philanderer, sure. I’m far from perfect. But it’s all in fun. Everything I do is fun. I try to create positive vibes because I know they’ll boomerang back to me. And I know that if I create positive energy, my next life will be rad. I totally believe in reincarnation, man. I’m ready for it. Like, death could be awesome, I think, if you’ve been living right….
So, look, I’m not afraid of any ghosts, man. I’m not afraid of that house. I’ll visit it later. I mean, for real, after what I saw, I know that ghosts are a part of something greater. Ghosts are just like you or me. They’re travelers. They’re passing through, and they’re not to be feared. 
You know what I have come to believe? I believe that the scariest ghosts and monsters are alive. They’re inside us. They’re the evil living in the hearts of men. They’re the impulses of rage, insanity. They’re what make people kill. They’re the hopelessness, the desperation that would drive a person to burn themself alive. They’re our darkest feelings. Now those… Those are the fucking scariest spirits. 

The Tibetan: Tashi 

I don’t like to talk about it. But I see it in dreams. I dream of it. I’m there. On the floor, that cold concrete floor, where I stayed for what I think was months. I stopped counting the days. But it was probably two or three months. I only know this because the season had changed. It was the dead of winter when they came for me, when they came to my house. 
We’re used to seeing them. We’re used to their questionings, or them cordoning off the village. They rope off the village during holidays. Or if there’s an immolation. There were more immolations before, but they’ve stopped almost entirely since the Chinese began arresting the immolator’s family members. Is it guilt by association or that they fear the family members would do it next?
It’s unclear, to me, why they’d care. The cynical side of me believes they’d be happier with us in flames, us eaten by fire. Then there’d be less Tibetans for them to worry about. 
My grandfather spoke of our country before it was invaded and captured. He spoke of greed. He spoke of serfdom. I wasn’t sure whether to believe him or not because he’d been in a reeducation camp like I was. He was schizophrenic. He’d parrot the party line in public, but at home he’d speak of the country, the old times, independence, both in nostalgia and disgust. 
He spoke of it being karma. That Tibetans had strayed from the righteous path the Buddha had set for us. He’d wished the next life, for him, and for every Tibetan, to be better. 
I pondered the next life a lot, my first days in jail.  

When they arrested me, they bound my arms behind my back, blindfolded me, and hauled me away. Then they brought me to jail and chained me to a chair, a tiger chair; my arms and legs strapped tightly, by leather bands, to the cold, hard metal seat. I sat rooted in that chair for hours. I pissed myself. 
They yelled at me, again and again, demanding that I confess to my crime, but I didn’t know what crime they meant. I’d been an English teacher at the local school. I’d only taught from the books they gave me. I’m a devout Buddhist. I don’t believe in harming others. I’ve never stolen. I’ve never committed an illegal act. 
I repeated, over and over, that I’d committed no crimes. That didn’t satisfy them. 
I remember the room… The interrogation room… It was dark and freezing. It stank. It’d stunk so thickly of urine, already, when I’d been led in there. The atrocious smell was the first thing I noticed when I entered the room, blindfolded, my hands roped behind my back. I was revolted by the intensity, the heavy punch of the stench. It reeked worse than any toilet or outhouse or manure pit… It made me woozy… 
They’d untied my blindfold, but I couldn’t see their faces. All I could see were their helmets. The helmets were pill blue and shaped like turtle shells. I still couldn’t quite see their faces when they approached me, either. It was as if they had no faces. There was only a ball of darkness where a face should have been. There was only a black bubble, a void between their uniformed bodies and turtle helmets. It was as if the turtle helmets were hovering in the air above, like flying saucers. 
I believe that I pressed my eyes shut when they approached because I didn’t want to see them. I wouldn’t see them. I would control that, if nothing else. But I couldn’t stop hearing. I couldn’t stop hearing the cries, accusations of sedition. Sedition? That’s what it was about, I pieced together. And I denied that, strongly. I professed my patriotism to the Communist Party. I professed my love for my country. 
“What is YOUR country?!” one shouted, before dashing over and whacking me, hard, on the shoulder, with a truncheon. 
“China!” I cried, “China!”
“China?!” he bellowed back, before striking my sides and shoulders several times, sending shockwaves of crunching pain searing through me. 
There’s only so much a person can endure, and eventually the anguish reached its crescendo. My nerves became blunted, and I numbed up, and thank Buddha, the last couple strikes I felt only the sickening jolt of their sticks whipping my numb body. But at least the pain… the pain slept… Then I figured out what I’d said wrong... 
“The People’s Republic of China!” I cried out, and then began to sing the national anthem, “March of the Volunteers.” I’d memorized it by heart, after hearing it, every day for years, blasting from the loudspeakers installed around my village. 
Once I started singing the anthem, the men relented striking me.
So I sang louder, and louder, my voice straining, hot-salt tears involuntarily streaking down my cheeks, I sang, “Arise, ye who refuse to be slaves! With our flesh and blood, let us build a new Great Wall! As China faces her greatest peril, from each one the urgent call to action comes forth. Arise! Arise! Arise! Millions of but one heart! Braving the enemies' fire! March on! Braving the enemies' fire! March on! March on! March, MARCH ON!”
I’d had a cousin who’d been interrogated, beaten, and he’d spontaneously burst into the song, thinking it might make his captors let up their assault. And it worked. Fortunately, it worked for me too. 
But again, they demanded I confess to my crimes. I knew my options were limited, that I would probably have to confess. 
After they’d struck my back, the blows must have damaged my lungs because it hurt to breathe. Between choking gasps of breath, I requested they present me my crimes, in writing, and that I’d sign a confession. 
I supposed that as long as I wasn’t being framed for a murder and wasn’t facing the death penalty or life sentence, I might confess, depending on the charges. Once the Chinese arrest you, whatever they arrested you for, you did, whether you really did it or not. I’d learned from others’ experiences that the only way out is to confess, that way you’ll receive a lesser sentence. 
A murder or other heinous crime that carried too long a sentence I wouldn’t confess to, since either way, I’d be dead. A death penalty would be better, anyhow, than a life in the Chinese labor camps. I’ve heard of life there, waking up at sunrise, picking cotton all day, digging holes, doing hard labor, or toiling with backbreaking factory work. Being beaten, kept in a small dog cage if you didn’t meet quotas. The prison labor camps in China are hell on Earth. I’d rather they just shoot me in the head...

The faceless guards led me through a series of dark, narrow, bending hallways and brought me to another cell, another icebox. It had lights overhead. They were golden and intensely bright lights. They were lights like spotlights on a stage. 
In the cell were 15 other men, all Tibetans, except for one Chinese, who appeared mute or deaf and was missing about half his left arm. 
We weren’t allowed to speak. And we didn’t want to, either. A bird-faced jailer sat on a plastic stool, staring at us from the shadows, behind the harsh light. He’d sit pensively, somewhere behind the cell, and would emerge, with a truncheon, and rattle at the bars if anyone spoke. Another jailer, also with enraged eyes, brought us our food, and, in the evenings, wheeled in a TV, that we were required to watch. It’d show Chinese state propaganda, generally news, documentaries, and sometimes soap operas of happy Han families.  
We slept on the floor. We used a bucket in the corner for piss and shit. There was one small, grimy sink, with a single cold-water tap, next to the bucket for washing. We were fed twice daily, a small bowl of rice and a bowl of clear soup with a chunk or two of pork fat and slice or two of cabbage. 
I was there a while. I wouldn’t find out how long until I left. The days and nights, time, became irrelevant. There was no window in the cell, no clock, and the lights were kept on 24/7, so time didn’t really exist there. 
In that deathly, luminous cell, we all just sat staring at the gray wall. Since I thought I might be sentenced to death, my thoughts, at first, were of my next life, where I’d be, who’d I’d be, what I’d be, and how much karma I’d earned and how I might be reincarnated. 
But then my thinking turned to fear, wondering what I’d be charged with, what my “crime” could possibly be. I worried about being sent to one of the worst labor camps. I feared never seeing my family again. 
It sounds horrible. I sound like a monster when I say it, but I actually didn’t think too much of my family during this ordeal. Firstly, because it was too painful. Secondly, though, because I thought, perhaps, that they’d turned me in, for whatever my crime was, and that hurt so much more. 
Thinking, about anything, became too difficult, so I stopped. I stopped my mind from racing, from conjecture, and I accepted karma. I began to silently recite Buddhist mantras, over and over, and I’d meditate, revisit the calm of dreamless sleep…

Eventually, the faceless men in turtle helmets returned, took me to another room, in another part of the jail. This room actually had a window, and I saw the sun for the first time in ages. The sun! The glorious sun! Its yellowy light pouring into the room, like the aura of a deity. 
Sitting down to a hard metal chair, I was not strapped in or bound, but my back and shoulders still ached, from the first day’s beating, and from sleeping on the cold concrete floor. But I could feel the beautiful, merciful touch of the sun’s rays, shining in from that window, and the sunlight tickled and warmed me and brought me back to life, and I shifted my weight toward its glow, like a flower.  
The men presented me a written confession and a pen. I’d have almost signed anything, just to be out of there. I’d have maybe confessed to murder if it meant being outside, working in the sun, breathing fresh air, never seeing that jail again, never again smelling its mutant stench of feces, urine, and bodies. 
The statement said I’d been reported by a neighbor for “spreading rumors and subverting state power.” It didn’t say the neighbor’s name. It didn’t elaborate on exactly what “rumor” I’d spread. I couldn’t imagine what I’d said that would have been considered a “rumor.”
But I knew of this charge. I heard of others receiving it, usually for criticizing the government or holding an unsanctioned religious event or gathering. Short of being told that everything was a misunderstanding and declared innocent, a charge like this was the best I could hope for. It meant probably, at most, maybe 5 years, and in a reeducation camp, not one of the hard labor camps. 
I signed it without question and was then whisked to another part of the building, brought before a panel of 3 judges, one of whom, not much older than me, looked Tibetan. I don’t know if he was for sure Tibetan, but he looked like it. I’ve rarely felt such anger as I did, toward that judge. I’d expect the Chinese to do this, but a fellow Tibetan, being my judge, no, I couldn’t... Part of me died inside, just laying eyes on him. 
Buddha forgive me, but I’d have killed him, with my bare hands, if I could have. I’d have sprung up, charged at him and wrapped my hands around his skinny neck, and strangled him to death, snapped his neck, like a chicken, and stomped on his lifeless face until it was gone, until any trace of his Tibetan features were erased. 
I’d never felt such hate for my fellow man. Rage jolted through me, as I stood there, my teeth chattering, and I hung my head and stared at the floor. In that moment, I couldn’t see the judge’s face. I couldn’t bear it…
The panel sentenced me to three years and asked that I apologize and acknowledge my crimes to the court. And I did. I threw my head back. I looked up. I told them what they wanted to hear. That I apologized for my crimes. That I loved Mother China. That I was proud and loyal to the Communist Party. That I would correct my errors. I would have mentioned my errors, specifically, since I know that would have made them happier, but I couldn’t, because I still wasn’t exactly sure what I’d been accused of saying. 
(Deep down, it dawned on me how grateful I should be that it was a “neighbor” who’d been the informer and not a family member. I felt horrible, too, that I’d ever suspected my family of such treason. Buddha please forgive me for this sin…)
The judges admonished me. They spoke, sternly, iron-eyed, saying how hopefully “I’ve learned my lesson.” I was immediately led, in handcuffs and shackles, to a van, which had three other men, who were Chinese, and we were transported to a reeducation camp that was fairly close by. 

My time at the camp flew by. Perhaps because every day was exactly the same. In my dormitory, with 20 other men, we’d be awoken by airhorns at 5 a.m., tidy up our bunk beds, wash up, stand upright for a roll call, then go to the canteen, eat, then go to the classroom, study Maoism, Communism, study Mandarin, study the PRC Constitution, Chinese history, and watch propaganda videos. 
Every lesson would begin and end by us passionately singing patriotic songs. Our teachers were police officers; all of them old, cagey, and having serious, sunken, grim facial features, with loads of bluish spots around their thin, jagged faces. 
Then, after classes, we’d have lunch, which was the biggest meal of the day. It was standard Chinese fare, rice, noodles, meats, fried everything… I must admit that the food at the camp was surprisingly tasty. This was undoubtably due to the kitchen staff receiving specialized culinary training in preparation for posts at 5-star hotels, high-end restaurants, and military bases throughout China. 
Following lunch, afternoons were spent doing light labor around the camp- cleaning, landscaping, farming. Everyone had an assigned task. Some were assigned to a factory on the site that produced children’s toys. 
After dinner, we’d take evening exercise, usually running, walking, or marching in place. This was followed by nightly assemblies, where speakers, generally police or low-ranking party members, would deliver motivational speeches or we’d be shown propaganda films. Afterward, we’d return to our bunks and wash up before lights out. 
Most there, including myself, followed the program. I told them what they wanted to hear. I read the propaganda with gusto. There were few who resisted. I only saw one who talked back to a guard, in the canteen, and he was beaten severely by that guard and the guard’s guard comrades. The guards made a point of beating him in front of us, kicking and lashing the man, who’d crumpled up and sobbed into a defensive ball on the canteen’s white linoleum floor. 
There were “points” we could earn for informing on a fellow prisoner, points which could help us possibly get released early. But I never saw or heard of anybody doing anything suspicious or subversive. And I don’t think I’d tell if I did, although I might have had to, because if I didn’t, there were also penalties you could receive if you didn’t tell the guards about suspicious or illegal, immoral behavior. 
So I kept quiet and avoided any unnecessary interactions with my fellow prisoners. I kept my head down. I followed orders. 

Now and then, at night, if I couldn’t sleep, I’d lie in my bunk and would reflect on what my grandfather had said, about this being karma, Tibet’s punishment for abandoning the dharma. Would this be atonement? Keeping quiet? Shouting Chinese slogans? I hoped so. But most of the feelings, ideas I had soon died. My mind went quiet. My soul was numb, like my back and shoulders had turned when I was beaten. I stopped having feelings and allowed my place, my spot in the universe to be whatever it would be. I surrendered…
 
At my release hearing, I was praised as a model prisoner. I was assigned a job as a tour guide, which shocked me, because it was nothing I’d ever done before. But I realized that if they feared the foreigners receiving bad news about Tibet, I would be the perfect person to not spread bad news, since I was fully aware of bad news’ and rumors’ consequences.
Once I’d returned home, my family, my wife, and young daughter, were overjoyed to see me. Springing at me with soft puppy dog eyes when I walked in the door of my home, they hugged me tightly. We cried tears of joy and anguish. I hadn’t seen them in three years.  
We’ve never once discussed why I was gone. There’s no need. Others in my village have had the same experience. Many remain in the camps. I know how lucky I am to return. Buddha is merciful… 

Tibet is often closed for foreigners, so most of the time, I’m in my office, which is on the second floor of a government complex, just outside the city. The complex is enormous. It’s a long horizontal line, a series of identical square, glassy concrete office buildings. However, most of the buildings and offices in the complex sit empty, unused... 
I’m often sitting alone in my office, watching soccer, or I’m with a Chinese coworker from down the hall. I don’t know what his job is, and I’ve never asked. He doesn’t appear to work much or ever be in a hurry. Many days, he doesn’t show up to work at all. 
There’s a Tibetan security guard I play cards with, in my office. We smoke cigarettes and chat. Our talks are always about European soccer. He hinted once at gambling on matches, but I pretended to not hear it. 
I collect a regular government salary, which is generous, more than I earned as a teacher. I’ll have a good pension. My family receives state healthcare. Life’s okay. 
The foreigners they assign me are almost always curious to know about Tibet, its culture, history, but few ask about politics. Many ask me to help them buy drugs. They think every Tibetan smokes hash. I’ve never smoked anything but cigarettes. 
Occasionally a foreigner will ask about the Dalai Lama or a sensitive issue; they’ll twist their eyebrows into question marks, speak in hushed tones, innuendos, expecting me to utter a revelation, picking at me for something they can post to Facebook. But I don’t answer any of the foreigners’ questions that would have me in trouble. I avoid unnecessary interactions. I stick to the script. What would it matter anyway? What would it matter if I spilled my guts to one of these snow-skinned, yellow-haired, blue-eyed men or women? 
My grandfather told me that the world knows of Tibet’s plight. I read of it online, too. I read of it before, in an internet café, when we could access foreign media sites. I’d use the BBC, YouTube to study English, to gather learning materials for my classes. I saw articles about Tibet. Maybe they still speak of Tibet, I don’t know. I can’t access those sites anymore. They’ve been shut down. 
And these days, I wouldn’t even try to find them. In a neighboring village, a college student was recently arrested for selling VPN software that enabled users to bypass China’s internet censorship controls, allowed access to foreign news. For his crime, he was sentenced to two years of hard labor… 
Not only is foreign media banned, but there are times, too, around holidays or anniversaries, the entire Internet is shut down for a day or week…
Does the world know about Tibet? Does the world know of our plight? Does the UN know? Yes, of course they do! The world knows everything about us. They know about our leader, His Holiness, The Dalai Lama. They know that it’s illegal to place a picture of the Dalai Lama anywhere, even in our private homes. They know it’s illegal to fly the Tibetan national flag, even in our private homes. They know. They know!  
They know what’s happened here and what is happening here. But, to be frank, they do not care. No one cares about Tibet. Most Tibetans don’t care anymore. Our youngest children can barely speak Tibetan. Tibetan language has been banned in schools. There are Tibetan children in Lhasa who only speak Chinese. There are children in Lhasa who call themselves Chinese. 
And no one cares. No one cares. The world has turned its back on us. 
Tibet is a country that doesn’t even exist. We’re just ghosts.  

Mia 2:

My brother changed a lot after he’d traveled the world. He’s still a scumbag, but he seems a lot more confident, more tranquil. He even walks with a different energy, a swagger almost. 
But me, I’ve never been that confident. I don’t know why. It probably has something to do with my looks. 
I’m insecure. I am. Probably my biggest insecurity has to be my chest size. They’re B-cup, not mosquito bites or anything, but I’ve always been self-conscious about them. I’ve thought of having an enhancement done. I’ve, like, forever dreamed of having beautiful breasts, perfectly shaped and round, perky. The kind of tits that make men drool. 
My mom has a body like that. Even at her age. She’s a knockout. I don’t know why I didn’t end up looking like her. It’s unfair. Aren’t daughters supposed to be younger versions of their mother? I didn’t get her hourglass body, big breasts, or her fashion model face… 
She was an NFL cheerleader AND a Playboy Playmate! I am so neither… 
Like, I’m tall, which I inherited from Dad, and her, but I’m wiry with a somewhat flat chest. My face, ugh, my face, it’s just so blah… It’s so meh… My face is as unremarkable as they come. People often comment that I look like someone they know, but they can never place who, exactly. I’m totally Plain Jane. Basic face bitch. No guy ever stops to stare at me. No guy has ever hit on me in the street or tried to randomly pick me up. 
Come to think of it, I should probably be grateful for that. My friend, Lisa, she is super-hot. Like my mom. That hot. Lisa’s like a living Barbie Doll. Seriously. She’s got a golden halo of probably the most perfectly blond hair ever, an hourglass figure, mesmerizing sapphire blue eyes, pouty lips and a pointy nose. Oh, not to mention her creamy complexion, her practically flawless skin, and the natural scarlet blush on her dimpled cheeks. My God, she really is almost like a living Barbie Doll…  
And so of course she has endless streams of guys hitting on her. She’s even had a couple of her professors trying to date her. 
Like, how embarrassing, our creepy, bald, old guy English Lit professor, with his cheap, wrinkly suits and ugly brown loafers and his stinky garlic breath. Our teacher like two or three times her age, and he’s sending her flirty emails. She didn’t even know how to respond and just ignored him. Now she’s worried about what grade she’ll wind up with on her term paper. It’s like super cringey.  
And guys, all the time, honk at her when she’s walking down the street. Why do guys do that? Honk at a random chick on the street? Does that ever work? Does any girl ever hear a guy driving by, honking and catcalling, and she just tears off her clothes and dives in through his car window and starts wildly having sex with him? Has that ever happened? 
I bet any guy who honks at a girl from a car doesn’t have the balls to go up and talk to her. 
Maybe the honkers aren’t as obnoxious as all those PUA creeps, though, and their stupid “pick up” attempts, their lines. Lisa hears those every day. Every day. Does that work for guys, those “pick up” lines? I think the best line that’d work on me is probably, “Hello,” followed by an honest attempt at a stimulating conversation. Those PUA creeps hit on Lisa ad nauseum. She says she can sniff them out at this point. She’s had enough experience with guys coming on to her. It’s been happening to her since she was 12 or 13, she said. 
The scariest she told me about was a fat, hairy friend of her father who tried to fuck her when she was a teen. She thought the perv was gonna fucking rape her. He had her pinned up against a wall, running his hands on her hips, before she slipped away. She never told her father, or anyone about it; she was so ashamed, she said, like it was her fault. She still gets worked up and antsy talking about it... 
She said it’s as if there’s a sign on top of her head saying: “HEY! Every Guy! Please try to fuck me!” She told me she wished that she had more of the girl-next-door-look, like me. Like, I can have boyfriends, I’m cute, but I’m not walking around, looking like a piece of meat to be thrown to starving lions. 
That’s how she feels. She’s only 5’4, and so these pervy guys look down at her, literally, like she’s this walking piece of food. She says she can see the sex in their eyes. She can feel them wanting to fuck her. She can feel them eye-fucking her. 
She thinks every guy, on some level is a perv. She’s only 21 and she already absolutely hates men. Whatever the female version of a misogynist is, a woman who hates men, a, um, misandry, a, oh, a, uh, a…. a misandrist, that’s it, that’s her. She’s a total misandrist bitch… 
Me, I don’t hate men. I hate some men. But not all men. I hate my older brother, for the most part. I mean, like, I love him because he’s my brother and I kinda have to, but I don’t like him. He’s a dog to girls, running through them like red lights. He can be so gross. But like I was saying, he has been more serene since he came back from traveling. These days, he’s always… strangely… just… calm… and smiling, always smiling...    
Nah… I could never be a misandrist; I could never hate guys as much as Lisa. 
Lisa once confided to me that she loves Cardi B because of how Cardi B drugged and stole money from sleezy men in strip clubs. Lisa said she’s thought of posting ads on sex sites, and then drugging, trapping guys, robbing them, holding them hostage or killing them. She says crazy, ludicrous shit like that when she’s smoking weed or drinking. I told her she can kill anyone except any guy I’m dating, if he’s nice, and she definitely cannot kill any guy in my family, even my scumbag brother. I made her pinky promise that. I’m holding her to it. 
Like, it’s probably drunk talk from her, but, honestly, I’m sort of worried. I’m worried someday I’ll hear of Lisa having killed a bunch of men, like Aileen Wuornos. I could really see it. There’s something off about her. And while everyone is scared of the house my parents are moving into, Lisa is actually asking, pleading with me, to let her come over to the house… Her big blue doe eyes all lighting up, she’s been begging like a little kid wanting to visit Disneyland…  
She wants to take selfies in it and post the pics on IG. She is cray-cray, Lisa. But I love her. She might be weird, but she is the type of friend you can call at 3 a.m. and she’d pick up. She’d answer that phone call. She’d drive out to meet you and help you with whatever, whenever, wherever. Seriously. She’s that friend. And I love her. 
But, like, she is creepy as fuck and is into the most morbid side of humanity. 
She was who encouraged me to write to the kid in jail. She knew like everything about him, which kind of gave me goosebumps. I mean, like, why would she care about this loser who shot up a school AND his family. Ick... 
But she’s into that stuff. She told me not to tell anyone about it. She said that she’s a member of some message board which follows mass shooters and serial killers. She’s in contact, by mail, with a couple, sending them “fan” letters, and she’d written to that kid, but he’d never replied. It’s weird, it’s creepy, but it’s, like, I guess, just Lisa… 
I can imagine those guys, in jail, getting mail from her, ripping open lipstick-kissed envelopes and seeing the pictures she says she sends them. Lisa in bikinis, halter-tops, and yoga pants, her dirty blond hair teased up, heaps of makeup on, hot red lipstick, her all dolled-up. Here she is, hating regular guys, but she likes these guys, these mass killers, serial killers. It is literally the definition of weird… 
What is it with chicks into prison guys? Is it the danger involved? The infamy and fame? Or like these chicks can control these dudes, in a way, control the relationship, because the dudes are in prison. I’m not sure. It’s so weird. But, like I say, it’s Lisa…
I’d never had pegged her for a girl who’d do that, a girl who writes to killers. I’d imagine that to be morbidly obese women, women with deformities, women in wheelchairs. Not a college football cheerleader. Not a sorority girl. Not my friend! 
Someone needs to care about them, she said, no matter their crimes… Like, I’m unsure what to make of that… 
Maybe she’s plotting to kill them somehow, like Dexter. I’d be more comfortable with her murdering a bunch of serial killers and mass shooters than random guys. Like, not that I’d want anyone, necessarily, to be murdered, but if someone had to be, I’d rather it be Nikolas Cruz, or a jerk like him. That’d be better. That’d definitely be a way better guy for her to kill… 
I wonder if she’d really go through with it, killing people, killing men. She’s my friend, and everything, but I’d turn that bitch over to the cops, in a second, if I caught her planning a killing spree. Unless she was gonna pull a Dexter, a murdering murderers thing. Then I’d have to think about it. That, for sure, would be a conundrum…       



Lisa:

Oh my GOD! I can’t believe Mia’s family is moving into the “Funeral Home!!” It’s like almost as awesome as the Amityville House. Maybe more because it’s so recent.  
I read that ghosts hang around for a while, in the place they died, and as time goes on, the ghosts eventually pass, which is why you’ll probably never hear of or see ghosts of cavemen, prehistoric monkey men or whatever. 
Picture that, coming home, and finding the ghost of a monkey man rubbing sticks together in your living room or driving in your car and seeing a caveman being chased down the street by a woolly mammoth.  

I have, like, always been fascinated by the macabre. Ever since I was a little girl, I’ve been into horror movies. 
Freddy Krueger was my fav. I know he was like totally icky, but something about those finger claws… They were hot! I’d see him in my dreams, but they wouldn’t be nightmares. I’d help him kill people or let him slash me with those claws, in a kinky, S&M way. Seriously, it was always an honor being murdered by Freddy…
Even since I started “like” liking boys, I’ve always been into the bad boys, the villains in movies.
 
It was when I was a teen that guys started trying to fuck me. I began to notice the looks, the eyes grazing my body. Or like the more casual, wandering glances from grown men, men walking down the street, hand in hand with their wife or girlfriend. Or the guy peering for a split second from another table at a restaurant, stealing a glance, then looking away fast, as if it never happened. 
Oh, and the businessmen, with their suits and briefcases, old men even, wearing wedding bands. The perverts who’d walk by briskly, on the street, staring, eyes leaping from their skulls, fucking STARING at my tits… 
It’s incredible how different my life became when I got “hot,” how differently people treated me and looked at me… How older women suddenly acted bitchy to me, instead of patting me on the head or pinching my face like they did before, or the men, acting awkwardly, leering, and smiling with their toothy, shit-eating grins…
I know some girls like that. But I’ve never liked the gawkers. I only appreciate the attention if it’s from a guy I like or one who’s cute. But random strangers on the street? No. Like they think I’m wearing these short shorts to attract their attention? No. I’m not. I’m wearing them because it’s a hot day. 
Seriously, I must confess that the older I’ve gotten, the more I hate men. They lie, they smell gross. They sweat. Like, why do guys sweat so profusely? What’s up with that? I don’t know why, but I’ve always hated sweaty guys. I hate jocks, which is weird, too, because I’m a cheerleader. 
I usually date misfits. I like guys with lots of tattoos, as long as they keep clean, have good hygiene, and don’t sweat too much. And don’t stink. There is nothing worse in this world than a guy who stinks. Body odor just repulses me. Yuck, the mere thought of it makes me want to… Ugh…  
Okay, I know it’s unusual, but I like criminals. I love criminals, to be honest. Criminals are hot. But they have to be nice to me and not be stinky or dirty or rapey. I don’t like that. I don’t like the rapey ones. Oh, aside from Ted Bundy. 
Aw, Ted was SO dreamy. He’s who got me into serial killers. I was about 12 and I watched a documentary on cable about Ted Bundy and I was hooked. I know he was rapey, but, for him, just for him, it’s okay. I’d totally have let Ted Bundy rape me. Not kill me, no. But rape me, yeah. 
I have rape fantasies, okay, I admit, but only about HOT guys like Ted Bundy. 
These days, there aren’t any cool serial killers anymore. I don’t know. I read somewhere that with technology, smartphones and cameras everywhere, GPS tracking, it’s harder to be an active serial killer. That’s too bad, I think. Serial killers are so cool, exciting, and fun. As much as I love horror movies, serial killers are way better because they’re real. Like anyone can kill in a movie, but kidnapping and murdering in real life, that takes talent, smarts, and courage. 
It’s like how many people talk, saying, in their husky, tough guy voice, how they’ll “kill such and such,” but they never ever do it... It takes guts to kill. That’s why serial killers fucking rock.  
But there just aren’t any awesome serial killers nowadays. Contemporary murder trends are dominated by mass killers. At first, aside from the Columbine killers, I didn’t get into them. Most were just strange and creepy and I thought that it’s too easy to just walk into a store or school and shoot people. 
But better ones have come along, cuter ones. Like James Holmes. After James Holmes, I started to follow mass killers more and have really taken a liking to them. There are creative, exciting mass killers out there. I’ve come to appreciate them more. 
There are a few message boards I belong to, where we share info, pictures, videos of various killers, along with jail addresses to write letters to.
I’ve written to several incarcerated mass murderers and serial killers and am in correspondence with a couple. But most of them never write back. I understand and all. I’m sure they receive tons of fan mail… 
I also belong to a couple “murderabilia” message boards and sites. Like, one guy on there bought the numbers, the metal numbers, from the door of Jeffrey Dahmer’s apartment. The real numbers from the real door! I was so jelly! I’m too broke to afford most of that sort of shit, but, as a Christmas gift to myself, I did buy a jailhouse letter written by Kip Kinkel. 
Aw, he was a total cutie, when he was young, with his little chipmunk face…
I’m one of the few girls in the serial killer fan groups. To be honest, I list my gender as a male, on there, and don’t post any pictures of myself. I don’t want any of the guys there hitting on me. I can’t even begin to count how many dick pics I’ve been sent online.
Why do guys do that, anyway? Sending dick pics? Anytime I get a dick pic, I think of cutting it off, the dick. And how I’d do it, too, how I’d cut off that particular penis, depending on the dick’s size and look. Would I use garden sheers, a butcher knife, a steak knife, a power saw, hacksaw, chainsaw, battleax, a samurai sword, or cuticle cutters, haha! Oh, I never get bored thinking of creative ways to cut off a creepy dude’s cock…
Once I thought of roping a dick to a horse and letting the horse drag the dude off by his… Oh, I’ve had tons of ideas…
That really is one of my fantasies, to chop off a guy’s dick. I idolize Lorena Bobbitt. I saw the best YouTube doc about her… One day, I want to cut off a dick, just like her. I should write to her, shouldn’t I? See if she has any advice.  
I have lots of murder fantasies. I have a fantasy, just a fantasy, not for real, like I’d never actually do it, so don’t fucking call the FBI, but, like, I have a fantasy of trapping and killing creepy guys. Creepy and stinky guys. Hairy guys too. Uh, I hate hairy guys. 
Like, in my fantasy, I’d be a serial killer. An Aileen Wuornos style killer... She was so cool… I’d kill guys like she did. I’d kill gross, fucking pervy guys, like my father’s friend who tried to fuck me when I was in middle school. The scum. He’d be the first I’d kill if the fat fucker didn’t already drop dead from a heart attack. 
Like, yeah, so here’s how I’d do it. I’d set up an online ad, lure them to a secluded area and kill them somehow. I don’t know exactly how. Maybe a gun with a silencer. Maybe a poison dart. Then I’d cut their fucking dick off. That’d be my thing. Every stinky, hairy guy I kill, I chop off his gross dick and stuff the bloody appendage in his mouth. 
There aren’t any serial killers these days so I’d be the first in a while. I’d be famous! 
These totally aren’t the thoughts a girl like me should be having. No one ever looks at me and thinks I’m a psycho. I guess that’s an advantage of being a 9 or 10. It’s easy for us to avoid psycho bitch detection. 
Like that song, “Oh, she’s hot but a psycho…” That’s so totally me!
I am a psycho bitch. And I love to study crimes, read blogs about them, watch true crime videos on YouTube… I am so pumped to visit that house, the famous “Funeral Home!!” What better place to have a killing spree than a funeral home?! I’ve studied the crime meticulously. I know where each member of the family was when they were shot. I know where the crematorium was, where they brought the bodies. Going inside that house, to me, is like visiting Disneyworld. 
Someday I want to take a trip around the country, around the world. I want to visit every single site of every famous mass killing. I want to visit sites of war crimes, serial killers’ homes, places like the site of Jeffrey Dahmer’s apartment. Oh, that’s totally at the top of my list. Jeffrey, okay, yes, I know he was gay, but I still think he was fucking hot. Gay guys always are so hot. And a gay serial killer? Oh my GOD, there totally is nothing that could be sexier than a gay serial killer…
I’ve already visited one location of a famous mass killing. I drove to a shopping mall, not that far away, where a kid shot and killed 7 people. 
It was awesome, imagining each killing, standing in the very same spots. Secretly, I was pretending to be the shooter, seeing through his eyes. I was picturing the gun in my hand. The power of the moment. I traced his exact footsteps from where he entered the mall, to where he killed his victims, and then, finally, to the place where he shot himself. I even left a rose for him, in the spot, next to the food court, where he died, and I choked up a tad, thinking of him. Aw, he was sooooooooooooo cute… He had a young, sexy Richard Ramirez, Nightstalker vibe…
I was crazy giddy the whole time, in that mall. I was almost trembling with excitement, seeing what I’d seen in online pictures, those spots smeared in blood, with white sheets, police tape, and I was standing there, right there! I was there! 
Now Mia is moving into the “Funeral Home!” THE FUNERAL HOME! I can’t believe it. It’s like winning the lottery. I can’t wait to post the pics to my murder IG…

James (the prison guard):

Growing up around here, there wasn’t lots of jobs. But there used to be. There was a factory and it provided most of the jobs in this town. They was good-paying jobs too. They was union jobs, with great bennys. 
Now what do we got? Nothing. All them jobs, they got shipped to Mexico, China, India, Vietnam, those places. 
Bro, I can only imagine what became of those jobs. I can see some poor fuck in a sweatshop, a scrawny fuck, hunched over a table. The poor fuck in some sweatbox, getting eaten alive by bloodthirsty mosquitoes, hot as like he stepped out of a fricken’ sauna and the poor bastard is fucking chained by a dog collar to a table and shit. 
Oh, and there’s a mean son-of-a-bitch, a bossman, a cross-eyed son-of-a-bitch, and the bossman’s stalking the floor, carrying a stick and whacking the assembly line workers over their poor fucking heads. 
Ah, the poor fucks. Yeah, bro, I can imagine those jobs, what became of them.  
Those was good jobs once. My Gramps worked in the factory. His wife stayed home and raised the kids. That was back when a dollar meant something. That was back when a man could support a family on a decent wage. It ain’t like that nowadays, you know.  
My old man was gonna work in the factory, but it closed before he finished high school. The prison was the only place that pays a decent wage. 
It’s either work in the prison, or wind up in the prison, we say. That’s the curse of this town. Everyone ends up in that prison in some way. Even those who tried to escape through the army. If those poor bastards didn’t get shipped back in a casket, they came back missing legs or arms, or shellshocked, unable to function, fucking vegetables, or they’re hooked on pills. 
Fucking Iraq War. I tell you, bro, the stories I heard… Those soldiers talking about how they still smell the stench of death, they still feel the strangling heat of that filthy desert… They have nightmares every fucking night. They hate to sleep.  
A lot of those guys, the vets, they wound up in the prison too; they were on pills or choked out their wives, or both. I can’t even count how many veterans we got in the prison. Like I says, no one in this town escapes the prison, in body or soul… We’re all fucking inmates… 
I guess my Pops got lucky that he worked the guard tower. His job was pressing buttons. His job was to sit on his ass. To be honest, I’d have loved to take his spot up there. But once he took early retirement, back before I started, they replaced him with another fat old geezer. Probably for the best, anyhow. Fat geezer guards don’t do well in the cell blocks.  
Maybe when I’m old enough they’ll stick me up there. It’s heaven up there compared to the hell I work in. 
Prison is hell. It’s hotter than hell in the summer. It’s cold as Eskimo pussy in the winter. There’s no heating and no AC. It’s the construction. The “cost cutting” design of the place. It’s like the metal bars and the cinder blocks of concrete just kick up the cold, heat up the heat, fucking worsen everything. It’s fucking hell, bro… It’s hell…
Plus, it stinks. Christ on a pogo stick, does it fucking reek in there. It stinks like this putrid mix of shit, piss, puke, body odors, and cleaning fluid. Prison’s got a particular stink to it. It’s fucking horrible. But after a while, you stop noticing it as much… 
And prison, ah, bro, it’s loud too. The noise is nonstop. People always yelling, clanking on their doors, clanking on their cell’s bars, shouting at each other.  
They cuss at us guards the worst, you know. They’ll yell the worst, filthiest shit. Whatever it is about you, you’re gonna hear it. You’re fat, skinny, you got floppy ears, a big camel nose, you’re too tall or short, balding, whatever it is, they’ll let you know, they’ll say the worst shit. They’ll say whatever they can to push your buttons. And that’s the best they’ll do. The very worst is the spitters and shit-flingers. 
Fucking bastards, they’ll piss, shit and spit in a cup, hide it, and when you go by their cell, when you open their cell to cuff them up, or when you screw open the slot to slip them their meal tray, then… WHAP! A fucking stinky splash of shit juice, right in your face. Fucking biological warfare, these animals… 
It happened to three of my coworkers. So we isolate the shit-flingers, spitters in a separate block. We have protocol for them where we gotta wear protective masks and we stand away from the slot. The spitters gotta wear these Hannibal Lecter masks, too, whenever they exit their cells. It’s surreal… It’s fucking Silence of the Lambs every day… 
Bad as that is for us, bro, it’s the female guards I pity most. They don’t make it too long. I been working here for over 10 years, and I seen only like 3 female guards, and none lasted more than a couple months on the job. There’s only so many taunts they can take. Then, worse than that, they got the prisoners going Louis CK. Prisoners standing in their cells, staring at the female guards, catcalling, and fucking breaking out and pointing their dicks through the bars, furiously whacking off. “Gunners,” we call ‘em. It’s something horrendous…
But that’s what you get when you ban porn, even exercise and yoga magazines. When you ban conjugal visits from prisons. For Christ’s sake, what’d those bureaucrats upstate think was gonna happen? Of course these animals are gonna be going Louis CK on the guards, or attacking and buttfucking each other. Not like these are choirboys or nothing like that.
You know, I gotta be real. I gotta be honest here. I don’t see the point of this place. I shouldn’t think that, because it’s my paycheck, it puts food in my kid’s mouth, so I shouldn’t think it, I really shouldn’t. But I can’t help it. I can’t help questioning why we even keep this place open. Why we keep these people alive. 
What’s the use? These guys got life sentences. 100 year-sentences. 70 years. They’ll never set foot in society again. Not that they should, anyway, but why keep them locked away here? Why keep them chained up in a room the size of a bathroom, for 70 years? Why? 
Look, they’re basically dead. They’re walking ghosts. But they ain’t no Casper, friendly ghost, nah, bro. They’re fucking evil ghosts. Fucking poltergeists and shit. They still rob, kill, rape, just as they did on the outside. They just do it to each other, fucking stabbing and buttfucking each other. 
Like I says, it’s horrendous. It’s the definition of evil. Stephen King, Hollywood, Wes Craven, some asshole in a hockey mask, whoever the fuck, no one could create a villain worse than these shitbags. They’re fucking animals. 
So why keep them alive? I mean, like is it better that they come here to terrorize one another? Is it better the taxpayers have to shit out cash for them to buttfuck each other and terrorize each other? To terrorize us, the guards? Sometimes it seems like the Roman Coliseum in here, seriously. It’s awful. 
I think the worst torture we do to them is not let them kill themselves, not let them hang themselves. I know if I was sentenced to this shithole, I’d for sure be wanting to off myself. If I was locked in my bathroom for the rest of my life, sleeping next to my toilet, smelling the reek of shit. Ah, bro, I’d for sure pull an Aaron Hernandez, you know…  
You gotta watch yourself in here, bro. Look, ‘bout a year back, in Cell Block C, one of our guards, a buddy of mine, Pete, got his throat slashed… He died... Guy had a 2-year-old kid… The piece of shit who killed him was already doing life… He got the death penalty, but it won’t be for another 20 years ‘till they jab him with the Jesus juice. And that’s if they even carry it out. And now the piece of shit has a cushier cell in a better prison. And better food. Meanwhile, my buddy is fucking dead. The man is cold and dead in the ground.  
Every day, I come to work and I wonder if that’ll be me, you know. 
And not a day goes by that I don’t think of him, that I don’t remember ol’ Pete. The joker. I miss him, bro, I really, really do. Pete, that fucking lanky Irish asshole, his eyes never lining up quite right. The goofy looking ginger fuck. Do I ever miss that guy… 
Oh, Christ on a stick... Peteyboy… he’d tell the dirtiest jokes in the breakroom. If an inmate hadn’t taken him out, I’m sure a female prison guard would have done it, like if we ever had another. I could see that… Like, I don’t think I’d ever met anyone with that huge a repertoire of fart and pussy jokes. The guy was always smiling even on the worst of days. He was always cracking jokes.
You know you form tight bonds with the other guards in here. We’re like a family. We stick close. We’re tight. That’s how you survive, bro. 
It’s been almost a year… But… I… I get choked up when I think of ol’ Pete. We saved a spot for him in our bowling league. And no one will ever take the spot, goddammit. Don’t get me started. I’ll get teared up. You’ll see me cry like a… 
I was fucking fuming after the funeral. I kept my head hanging low the whole time. I went up, knelt, and prayed at the casket, like a good Catholic, but I couldn’t look. I couldn’t see a guy that full of life and smiles… I couldn’t see him lying dead in a wooden box. I just couldn’t look… And then I remember, like, after the eulogies, they played his favorite song, “Numb” by Linkin Park. 
Bro, I can’t hear that song without choking up…  
A few of us guards had planned on flushing out the piece of shit, the animal who whacked Pete. We was gonna shake him down, make a disturbance in his cell, and then... But he got moved, quickly. 
At least the CERT team teargassed the fuck, got some good licks on him with their batons. They bloodied him some, busted his nose open. Really a shame he didn’t die… I know the CERT boys was holding back, though, I know it, because, bro, they got cameras these days… They got stinking cameras everywhere… 
Oh, then the sack of shit, the fucking animal, he gets arrested. In prison. A guy with a life sentence gets arrested. Not sure what the point of that was… I remember the local cops coming in, reading him his rights, and leading the bloodied-face-fuck out in handcuffs. I could tell it hurt those guys to do that. I could tell they wanted to leave him in there, with us. I could see the sad looks in their eyes. 
I mean, I know those guys, the local cops. They’re good guys, too. We drink at the same bar. But we never talked about that. Wasn’t any need. They was at the funeral... It’s like, we’re part of the same family, you know. Like I says, they’re good people, those guys. I know they didn’t wanna do that…   
What happened to the sack of shit? He was moved to a jail and then to supermax. That’s where the tattoo-face freak is rotting now. That’s where they got the death row. 
You know, I bet the higher ups, fucking liberal fairies, pencil pushing pansies, they probably knew what’d become of him if they kept him here too much longer. Don’t believe for a second they didn’t know.
And again, why do we even bother? I’ve thought of how much better it would be if none of these shitbags exist. Especially after what happened to Pete, I’ve thought of bringing in a machine gun, going cell to cell, spraying down each and every one of these animals. It’d be doing them a solid. It’d be doing society a solid. I’d be doing the taxpayers a service, for sure. 
Bro, I was listening to a podcast by this fucktard, Ari Shaffir. He’s got this other comedy fucktard on there and they’re rambling about how a homeless fuck in Brooklyn keeps running up and squatting and dropping big hairy shits on their friend’s stoop and doorway and how the local police won’t do nothing and how the neighbors just wanna dig a big pit for the homeless, then herd the bums in there at gunpoint, push the bums into the pit and throw up an electric fence around it, and every so often, go by there and heave some food over the fence to ‘em. Like that’s the perfect way to solve the homeless problem in America. Just dig big ass pits everywhere, push the bums in.  
The whole idea got me thinking of the prisoners, how that’d be perfect for them too. Fucking herd them, like cattle, into pits, fence them in there, and throw them food a couple times a week. 
Or, better yet, like in the movie Scarface, do a boatlift like that sack of shit Castro did to get rid of all Cuba’s criminals. Why can’t America do that? Stuff all these fucks on a boat, send ‘em to China or something. That’d be perfect revenge for the COVID, fucking Wuhan plague. Get the fuckers back for Korea, Vietnam, and stealing our jobs with their rigged currency and fucking sweatshops. 
Bro, on the drive to work the other day I was listening to Rush Limbaugh, and he’s talking about how China wants to go to war with us over Taiwan. Pfft… Fucking commies… I say we take Taiwan. We make it the 51st state. Make it West Hawaii. 
The Taiwanese are fucking cool, bro. We got a Taiwanese family running a buffet in town, great folks, great folks, best butter chicken you ever ate in your life. The owner there was telling me and my wife how he fled China, fucking paddled through shark-infested seas, on a toilet seat, a fucking toilet seat, bro. The guy swam from China to Taiwan, escaping the commies. All ‘cause he’s a Christian. Commies are the worst, bro, the stinking worst… 
The poor bastard… I mean, a fucking toilet seat, bro… It’s just not right…
Nah, you know, better yet, I was thinking we fly cargo planes packed with the worst of our criminals and every last one of our filthiest fucking squat-shitting homeless and we drop ‘em like bombs over Chinese cities. Let them choke on that. Damn communists.  
Ah, those fucking communists, they must hate us. I’m sure they do. Not that I blame them either. I bet I’d hate us too, if I was them. 
They have names for us, too, my Grandpa said. And they’re way more racist than us, Gramps said. No one is more racist than some of the Asians, he told me.  
Look, bro, he was there. My Gramps fought in Vietnam. He killed like 120 commies. He said in Danang he slipped off one of his socks, jumped outta some bushes, and strangled a commie to death. With the fucking sock. What a way to go out, huh, choked to death by a wet, stinky sock… Gramps said he was singing the commie a Christmas song, fucking “Jingle Bells” as the commie’s eyes popped out of his little head… 
Then they got him, though, caught my Gramps like a bear, in a trap. He was kept as a prisoner of war and tortured. He lived in a fucking tiger cage for 5 months. He had malaria, fucking malaria, bro… I remember when he was in the hospice, hooked to a ventilator, and he was still cursing the commies. Man was wheezing, coughing up blood, and rambling about how he wished he could kill one last commie before he flew up to the big casino in the sky…
My Gramps, bro, I remember how he walked like a drunk, and I wasn’t sure if it was from wartime injuries or just from the flask he’d always be sipping on. The man stank something fierce of whiskey. 
Ah, my Grandpa, bro, he knew things about everything. I wish he was still around. He’d make sense of these crazy times. They ain’t building guys like him no more. They ain’t building guys like John Wayne. Nah, they ain’t. Nowadays, they build fat freaks with man buns. All these fucking pussies crying about their feelings on Twitter. A bunch of…
A bunch of pussies, these kids now. They’re fat and soft. And you can’t even call ‘em fat no more. You can’t even tell a fat fuck he’s a fat fuck no more. You can’t call ‘em a fatty, a lardass, chubbalubbagus, none of that shit. Seriously, how’d we get so soft? A buncha marshmallow people, these days… For fuck’s sake. 
I mean, bro, look, it ain’t racist to call ‘em fat. And it ain’t even racist, calling people slurs. My old man called ‘em that. So I can call ‘em that. It’s just words. As long as it ain’t no hate behind it. There’s nothing racist about it. I don’t hate any of ‘em. Really, I don’t. 
Really, I hate people, people in general, human beings. After working as a prison guard, it’s hard not to. What’s that word for a person who hates people? Mapplethorpe? Something like that…
But yeah, it’s just words, bro. It just feels good to say … or ... ...  It feels good to say it because you’re not supposed to. It’s relieving. Like you finally say it, and it lifts a weight off your chest. 
Look, I never told anyone this, but I’ll sometimes go down to the basement, lock the door, make sure all the windows are good and closed, and then I’ll stand there and just yell racial slurs, every single slur I can think of, over and over again, at the top of my lungs, until I’m hoarse… Ah, bro, it feels so good. Really, it does. And like I says, there ain’t no hate behind it. 
Bro, there should be small “safe rooms” in every building, like the size of an airplane bathroom, and people can go in there, lock the door, and scream, shout, holler, howl or whisper whatever words they want. Just go take a load off, you know…
Everybody’s too sensitive these days. Everyone’s on their stupid phones too much. Whining. Fucking whiners. 
It makes me want to smash their stupid phones in their stupid faces… But I’m on mine too much, too. I mean, that fucking Candy Crush. That shit is like digital crack… Damn fucking Mark Zuckerberg… Cyborg looking, little Klingon fuck…
But yeah, bro, all this political correctness, all this compassion, for what? We’ve got prisoners here, like the sicko mass killer in the psych ward. That crazy bastard shot up his family AND his school. 
We’ve got the fucking East Coast Prowler. This guy attacked countless women. I have to feed the guy. I have to feed the guy who raped a woman, in her bed, while she was lying next to her 1-year-old infant. What kind of a fucking animal? And I have to feed him. The food trays are sealed so I can’t do nothing to it, but I’d piss in his food if I could. I take a big fat fucking hairy steaming shit in it. What an animal. Why does he deserve to be alive?
These are the worst monsters in the world. Right here. I remember Pete saying how he didn’t think about it, he put it out of his mind, what they did to get here. He treated them fairly. He treated them like humans. The guy was a saint. 
And how’d they repay him? They slashed his friggin’ throat. Where’s the fairness? Where was God then? I used to be real religious before I worked here. Now, I’m not so sure if there’s anything up there. I don’t really believe in nothing no more.  
Except I believe in evil. Because I seen it. I see evil. I see evil every day I walk through the cell blocks and see those inmates popping their ugly eyes and flexing their jaws. 
I see evil every time I drive my truck in through those metal gates wrapped in razor wire. Every time I look up at the guns dangling from the tower, I know, I know what’s real. I know what exists.   
Thing is, too… I worry their evil is like contagious, like the Wuhan virus. Like I might catch the evil from them. I wonder if my old man did, if he caught the evil off ‘em, and that’s why he’d slap my mom around. I can remember hearing her crying through the walls. It was the worst sound ever. There’s no worse sound than hearing your mother wailing in pain. Bro, I remember the red whelps on her cheeks and bruises on her arms, her trying to hide it under makeup, long sleeves… Just horrendous…
Not me, bro, nah, I ain’t never slapped my woman. But I been working in this hellhole for so long that… these fucks, these animals, they must have worn off on me… Anyone who ever works as a prison guard, or a cop, bro, I promise, they never look at people the same way. 
It’s like this, we was talking ‘bout it the other day in the breakroom. By the time we retire, we’ll have spent maybe half our lives in prison. Like I says, in this town we’re all inmates… There ain’t no escaping that prison.  

Aaron, The “East Coast Prowler”:

I know what I did. What I don’t know is WHY… why I did it. 
There was something inside me. Something controlling me. Something making me commit the crimes. I wasn’t thinking that I would... I was fixated on the women as objects. As targets. I just wanted to fuck them. I wanted to shove my dick into the wet and warm crease between their legs. 
My whole life, I never cared for women, like as people. I never thought of them as humans. They were always this other thing. A thing, really. A picture. A moving image. A thing to fuck. 
And they ignored me, when I was a kid in school. I was invisible to them, growing up... I was quiet, anyway, too, and I wasn’t popular. I wore hand-me-downs and cheap sneakers. To most girls, I was probably just some scrub. 
I came from a poor family. My father was in the military. That’s how he ran the house, too. Like the military. We weren’t allowed to have feelings. We weren’t allowed to talk at the dinner table unless it was to answer his questions. Any slight insubordination, he’d whoop me or my brother. He’d unhook his leather belt, or step outside, get him a switch. Or sometimes he’d just slap me in the head a few times, and then kick me in the stomach or back a time or two once I was down. 
I got the picture, early, however. I kept my mouth shut. Everything was order. Everything was on a schedule. You brush your teeth at this time. You make your bed immediately after you wake up. You crease the sheets perfectly, like they do in boot camp. You aren’t late to dinner. You do your chores according to the chart on the refrigerator, and if you don’t, you know what’s waiting for you… 
Of course I did a tour, in the army, like my father. But I didn’t want to be a career soldier. I didn’t like it in Germany, or Japan. There were hardly any black people there, and I couldn’t understand the language. I felt confined on the bases. I think that’s why I became a truck driver, to be free, to be on the open road. I liked the freedom of the job. I liked driving, gazing out the window, looking at different cities, looking at the farmlands. Them rural areas are so peaceful. Nothing like Hartford, none of the grime, homeless, no sirens or noise. It’s just peaceful out there, seeing cows and trees, farms and all that rustic, pastoral shit. 
Hell, I got to see the whole country, driving my truck. I was earning good money too. I was having flexible hours and time to myself.
But I think that’s how the problems started. Having too much time to myself. 
When I was alone, that’s when I really started acting out on my fantasies. These fantasies, I’d been having these… for a long time. They were dark fantasies, too, man, really dark. 

I’d been watching porn from a young age. Got into it with a friend, when we were 9 or 10. We were on the playground, shooting baskets, and a crooked smile passed over his face and he whispered, in his nasal voice, with his thick Boston accent, that he wanted to show me something. 
Checking around like he was getting ready to rob a bank, he nodded me over, and we stood behind a pine tree, and he sneaks out a folded magazine from his backpack. It was a Playboy magazine he’d found stashed in his parents’ bathroom. Opening the magazine, we examined it like an archeological find, and our eyes widened as we gasped and pointed at the different areas of a woman’s body, trying to make sense of their mystery. It was the first time I’d seen a naked woman, and I was captivated. 
My friend with the Playboy told me that he saw his dad watching a movie with naked women, a “no-no” or “porno,” he called it, and he divulged that every video store has a collection of “dirty tapes,” in those backrooms that said “Adult” in bright red letters. My fascination piqued, and I was determined to learn more…
There was a video store in my neighborhood run by a little chubby Indian guy, guy with a turban, and a funky smell to him. But he was cool. He let me slip into his little red room in the back of the store, peruse and rent adult videos. Maybe he thought I was old enough. Or he didn’t care. I don’t know. He never asked my age or for ID like they did for beer... 
(Man, that first time, entering the little red room, it was like walking into heaven, paradise, a hidden world. There were rows of shelves lined and filled with stacks of boxes, every box packed with sizzling hot pictures of naked, nasty porno flick bitches. The bitches were perfect too. The bitches on the boxes were open as books. Their secrets revealed. And I knew, from then on, everything I needed to know. Renting, viewing the movies, was a foregone conclusion. Something akin to déjà vu.)

Passing into my teenage days, I had plenty of time to myself, plenty of time alone in the house. My dad would usually be at the base or at the bar with army buddies. I don’t know where my mom would go, but when my dad wasn’t there, she’d always be gone. She’d leave right after he’d leave. I’m not sure where to. 
My brother would be out playing basketball, leaving me home alone. I’d be alone a lot. And that’s when I’d watch the adult videos. I’d sit in the family room, touch myself underneath my pants, breath hissing between my clenched teeth. 
The women in those movies were so grown. They were so easy to fuck too. Unlike the girls in my school. The girls in my school were stuck-up, snobby bitches who’d only date the jocks and rich boys. I’d heard the girls in my school did things like in those videos, but they didn’t do them with me. 
That’s when the thoughts started. The dark thoughts, the dark fantasies. The thoughts of taking it from those bitches in my school. I’d picture bringing one of my dad’s handguns to school, concealing it in my hoodie pocket, hiding in the janitor’s closet. Then I’d leave the door open- just a crack, on the lookout for one of those stuck-up bitches. 
When she’d pass by, I’d leap out the storage room, run up on her from behind, slap my hand over her mouth, drag her in the closet, press the gun to her temple, tell her I’d shoot if she screams. Then I’d undo her pants or hike up her skirt, rip off her panties, fish out my dick and fuck the shit out of her. 
In my thoughts, they’d be saying “no” and crying, but their bodies were saying yes. Their red-hot cunts clamping on my hard dick, tightly, as it pushed in and out, their pussies creaming, sopping wet. I knew they’d be liking it as much as me, shit, maybe even more. I’d be whispering dirty talk to them too, telling them how fine they were, complimenting their ass, that sort of thing. It was always hot. 
I didn’t act on it, however. I kept the thoughts, the deep dark thoughts to myself. I hid them. I buried them. They were what I’d think of when I’d jerk off. When I’d look at the porno bitches on the screen, I’d think of myself behind them, myself with a knife to their neck, throttling their juicy ass and squeezing their jiggling tits. 
The plotline to all my dark fantasies was identical. I’d rough the bitch into it, and once my dick was inside her, she’d lose her senses, love every second of it. My dick was a game changer. My dick was their medicine. These were my thoughts. 

I kept the darkness buried until the summer before I went to boot camp. I was still a virgin. And I wanted to change that. I didn’t have a lot of friends, but the few I had had been teasing me because they’d all had girlfriends and I never did. One neighbor, a kid in my class, called me a fag and I punched him out, punched his fat ass right in the eye, left him a shiner, had the fat ass looking like a fat raccoon. 
It was getting under my skin. I had to fuck a bitch. The need grew inside me. My erections were painful. My dick would get so hard just thinking of pussy. My dick would throb and hurt. I thought it might explode. I had to fuck a bitch. Almost any bitch. Even a fat bitch. I didn’t care. I just wanted to fuck a pussy. Pussy was the only thing I could think about. I’d stolen a few titty magazines from a People’s Drugstore and had been looking at Hustler magazines, Penthouse, daily, jerking off twice a day. It was as if pussy had a complete control and power over me. 
It wasn’t pussy, I don’t think, looking back on it. It was something else. A force, perhaps. I couldn’t identify it. I still can’t. I just know it was dark. A dark force, man. And the dark force began to eat me from the inside. It was in control. I wasn’t. 

A neighbor of mine had a young teenage daughter. She went to another school. She was retarded, sort of, had some shit like she couldn’t talk right, talked sort of like a Dolphin, in these high-pitched yelps... But her body was fine as shit. The Lord blessed her in body, at least, and maybe had forgot the head, I don’t know. 
She’d sleep on the first floor. She’d leave her window open at night. That was the first time I’d stalked a bitch. I’d be watching her movements, from my window. Like the discipline I got from Dad, I knew how to plan, schedule, follow schedules. I mapped the bitch’s movements. I didn’t need to write it down, either. I kept it in my head. I could see it, in bold writing, the schedule, the times. 
I watched their family, saw when they’d eat, when they’d sleep. I planned it out perfectly. When the night came to execute my plan, I wasn’t nervous, not one bit. I was excited, yes. I was hard, yes. But I wasn’t thinking of anything except the bitch’s pussy. 
Wearing a dark hoodie, I snuck out my house, out my back door. My folks were already asleep. So were hers. Scanning around, I didn’t see any cars on the road or neighbors outside. I walked quickly over to their house, approached her window, panned around once more to make sure no one was looking. Then I hooked my hands on the window frame, hoisted myself up, threw a leg onto the ledge and lifted myself up and in and quietly slid over the threshold and plopped to the floor, feeling like a cat the way I was moving. 
The retarded bitch didn’t say nothing. I guess I must have been real quiet. I tiptoed over to her bed, dug out the screwdriver I had in my sweatpants’ pocket. 
Just like in all my fantasies, I threw my hand over her mouth. I kept it pressed firmly to her soft face. Her breath pulsed at my palm. Her eyes were opened and were huge. I pressed the screwdriver to her neck, poked it at her skin, and whispered that she better not say shit or I’d kill her. Would I have killed her? Really? I don’t know, I can’t say. 
The rest of it was a blur, what I did. But I do remember liking it. I remember how good it felt, being up in her. How warm and soft her body was. Her body’s heat. How her body moved when I touched and fucked her. There wasn’t much thought other than that. I was just loving that I finally was getting pussy. Although it didn’t feel entirely like me that was doing it. I felt like I was on autopilot. There was something else moving me. Something else that was using my dick to fuck this bitch. Like it was the darkness. Like it was the dark force. 
When I finished, I looked down and saw the blood. There was blood dripping from my hard dick too. She was crying and trembling. She was whimpering. She was making these convulsive swallowing sounds, like a man dying of thirst. 
A voice told me to kill her. I ignored it. I knew she was retarded, so she probably couldn’t tell, even if she’d wanted to. I wiped her blood off my dick with her sheets, stuck my screwdriver to her jugular and warned her again that I’d kill her if she talked to anyone about it. Then I jerked up my pants and left, crawling out through the window.  
She didn’t tell on me, but it was impossible to hide, I guess, with all the blood on her bed. The cops came the next day. I watched them through their living room window and saw the police talking to her parents. Her father was enraged, face red as a tomato, and he looked to be screaming. Her mother was sobbing. But the girl was just sitting there, staring off into space. The cops then brought her out, drove her away.
After that, she disappeared. I don’t know where she went. Her parents were still there, but she was gone. I had wanted to fuck her again and was sad I couldn’t. I bragged to my friends that I fucked a bitch, but I wouldn’t tell them who, other than it was a younger neighbor girl and I couldn’t say nothing because her family was religious. 
The news had a story about it. The newspaper was saying a girl was attacked. It was in the paper, but they didn’t say her name or exact address, only mentioned our neighborhood. They had a police sketch atop the article, but I didn’t think it looked much like me. It looked like a far older man.
In movies and TV, I’d heard of serial killers keeping press clippings and all, but I never did. Honestly, I couldn’t read anything after the first paragraph. 
I remember reading what I’d done and thinking, like, wait, what the fuck did I do? I did what? I know I did it, but it didn’t feel like a crime. I didn’t even know why exactly I’d done it. And to make things worse, she was retarded. 
After reading that article, I felt horrible. I hated myself. That was the first time I thought of killing myself. I’d thought of stealing one of my dad’s guns, plunging it down my throat, and eating a bullet. 
Soon after that, I left for boot camp. When I was in the army, I didn’t have time or freedom to stalk any bitches. Me and my army buddies used to fuck hookers. We’d go out for drinks on the weekend, hit the brothels, Germany is full of them. Japan too. Every weekend we’d fuck hookers. 
I got my dark urges settled, with the hookers. I could do what I wanted with them. They never said no. They never made me feel bad like the stuck-up cunts in my hometown, those girls in school who’d never even look at me. 
Back then, I was so busy with army life and duties that I didn’t have much time to listen to my dark voices. I didn’t have time for the fantasies. Sometimes they’d pop up, in a dream, dark fantasies of roughing a bitch, stealing her pussy, but I’d never flashback to fucking that retarded bitch. I kept that silent. Blacked that out. Mostly, my stories went silent during those years. 

It was when I came back to civilian life in America. It was when I was driving the truck. It was the free time I had. The dark voices returned. They were worse than ever. They were in control of me again. They were planning. They were attacking. 
Yes, I liked it. I liked the fucking. But I’d never watch it on the news. I’d never read the stories. I’d never flashback on what I did. I knew I did it, or that I was the body doing it. That it was my flesh. But I never flashed back. I never reminisced. The only thoughts I’d have would be centered on the next bitch. The next target. 
I didn’t think or care much about anything other than that. It was about finding another pussy to fuck. Pussy was my lifeblood. Pussy was my currency. Pussy was my motivation. When I’d fuck, I’d feel whole, I’d feel warm all over. It was the only time I wasn’t depressed. Pussy was my drug. Pussy was the only antidepressant that worked for me. 

Man, I couldn’t believe it took the pigs so long to find me. Really a bunch of dumb motherfuckers, the cops. I always hated them. They should have had the army searching for me. The army, those boys, they’d have gotten me way quicker. The police, the dumbass, donut-eating motherfuckers, the stupid fucking pigs, it took them like over a decade to find me…
That’s what I asked them, too, the pigs, what took them so long. 
When they showed up at my door, I knew they probably had DNA. I knew it was over. At first, I was happy. Because I wanted them to tell me why I did these things. I never knew, really. And I wanted to know. I wanted to know why. 
Man, I mean, I could have just fucked hookers or gone to bars. Hell, there’s always bitches who want to fuck black guys like me. Back in the army, I got in great shape. I’m cabled with muscles. I got confidence. I didn’t have to do this. I shouldn’t have been doing this. 
Shit, I was even married. Yet, I still did these crimes. I probably sneak-fucked over 30 of these bitches. And why? Why did I do it? I can’t say. Neither could the cops. Neither could their psychiatrists. I was expecting a quick answer. By the time they finally caught me, I thought they knew everything. But they couldn’t tell me shit. They didn’t say much of anything. They were only sitting there glaring at me like I was a piece of dogshit on the sidewalk. They were only asking me questions and writing down what I was saying. 
Why couldn’t they give me any answers?! I’ve had these dark voices, I’ve had these urges, these forces pulling me for years. I wanted them gone. I wanted to know what they were so I could stop them. But I wasn’t getting any answers. No one could tell me anything.   
It was eating at me, and, before my trial, I broke down. I tried to hang myself in my cell. I wrapped my sheets around my throat and tied the noose to the cell’s bars. I was gagging and choking when the guards rushed in. Why didn’t the hacks let me die? Why didn’t the court give me the death penalty? There are guys not half as terrible as me who got put down by the State. What are they keeping me alive for? 
They shoot these niggers in the street for nothing and yet they keep me alive? Me? Shit…
I’m confined to this cell 23 hours a day. Sometimes 24. It’s got a shower in the corner that’s on a timer. I can’t have sheets on the bed since I’m designated a suicide risk. I spend my days watching religious programming on TV. I spend much of my time reading the Bible. 
If I’m not reading the Bible, I’m working out. I’m doing sit-ups, squats, and push-ups. Lots and lots of push-ups. Push-ups and praying. Push-ups and praying. Push-ups and praying. That’s my daily routine. 
Most days, I’m allowed an hour outside in a cage, and I’ll run laps, circles in it. It’s nice to breathe the fresh air, even if it’s really hot or cold out. 
I’ve accepted Jesus Christ as my Lord and Savior. He is what keeps me going. He is what gives me strength and hope. I don’t expect any of my victims to forgive me, but I know He will…

Reading the Bible, praying to God, that’s what quiets my dark voices. I know the darkness is there, is inside me, but it’s been quieter since I got right with God. These days, the voices are more whispers than shouts. 
Occasionally the voices speak up, though, like in the mornings. The images flash. The images of faceless bitches. My hands gripping their throats. Me putting a gun to a bitch’s head. Me touching a bitch’s body, the bitch moaning. Yeah, I’ll think of a bitch. I’ll think of pussy and touch myself...   
 
None of my relatives speak with me. Unsurprisingly. My wife divorced me...   
I’m in the PC (protective custody) section of the prison that houses the sex offenders and snitches. I talk through the vent with my neighbor, a chomo, and we pray together some. I pass kites with a few of the other inmates. 
Apparently, I read in a kite, there’s a hit out on me in this prison. The Aryan Brotherhood and the Black Mafia want me dead. Shit, I’m probably the only thing they ever agreed on. That and the food in this place. It sucks. I don’t know how they call it food. I wouldn’t feed it to dogs. 
The food in this prison tastes so bad that I sometimes wonder if the guards are poisoning it. I bet the guards would kill me too if they could. The way they look at me. Not that I can’t understand. 

The prison chaplain, Father David, is the only person I talk to. He’s huge. He used to be a football player. He must be about 6’6 and 260 pounds. He’s got this bushy white shock of hair and a glass eye. He visits me. He prays with me through the slot in my door. He believes the devil possessed me. He won’t say it directly. But I get that’s his meaning. 
Before, I never was a believer in God. But I’ve come around. Father David told me to look at the shape of an atom, then look at the shape of the solar system, look how similar they are. That struck me, man. It’s proof. Proof that this is real. Proof this ain’t a mistake. Proof nothing can be coincidence. It’s all interconnected, man. Everything is connected.   
I’m a believer now, man. I know that there is a God. I’m not totally sure there’s a Devil, though. I think men like me are probably far worse than any Devil. Shit, I might even be the Devil. It wouldn’t surprise me. God putting evil in us, God putting evil on this Earth, to let us know about good. To remind us what good is, so we don’t forget. 

Jesus:
 
I’m so tired of people talking to me. And wearing crosses. Don’t they know what happened to me on that thing? 
Don’t people understand that I’m a Jew? I even talk like Woody Allen. Really, I do. Every dead Jew eventually does.  
I wish people would stop bothering me. Like it wasn’t bad enough that I got crucified? Now I have to hear from all these schmucks? Have you ever been crucified? It’s the worst! The worst! 
Nailed to a piece of wood, left out to die in the desert… Then, to add insult to injury, I have to hear these complaints and prayers every day… 
Knock it off already! Leave me alone… Your thoughts and prayers, yeesh…
Like crucifixion wasn’t painful enough, with the nails being hammered into my hands and feet. The pain was unbearable!  
To further illustrate, think of it like this, have you ever gotten a splinter? It hurts, right? Now imagine, instead, a big metal nail driven, purposely, forcefully, through your skin. Does that sound fun? Does that make you want to wear a crucifix? Huh? And it’s a fashion statement to people? Oy vey! Quit wearing those things on your necklaces! Have some respect, would you!
But… that crucifixion… even worse than the pain… was the waiting… The waiting to die. That was insufferable. That was the torture. That and the obnoxious people strolling by, throwing rocks and food at me. Like it isn’t bad enough, I’m up here, nailed to a wooden stake! Now you throw an apple at me! An apple? Really? The nerve of you people! 
It was humiliating! 
I felt like such a disappointment to my followers too. This wasn’t how I was supposed to go out! I thought God was my Father and everything and He leaves me out there to rot on a stick! A stick?! Come on! 
Ah, it was terrible up there. I was naked! Naked as my birthday! That’s right! There was no loincloth, like in the paintings. I was naked! And my skin was sizzling in the hot, dry desert sun. I was burning, roasting up there… And I was thirsty as anything, my mouth parched, full of sand. And what do the Romans give me? They bring me vinegar to drink! Vinegar! The audacity!
My followers, my wife was down there, crying at my feet, and I’m dangling from planks of wood like a common criminal. And I’m like, hey, what gives? What’s going on?! I’m the Son of God over here! It’s not right! It’s not fair! 
It wasn’t right! I was yelling out, “Why have you forsaken me?!” And I was serious too. I’m like, dammit, get my Jew ass off of this stick, end this already, take me! That would have been the perfect time for God to show up, bring the apocalypse. Nailed to that stick, I’m thinking any minute it’s coming, the horsemen riding in, gray swirls in the sky, the clouds darken, the horn sounds, thunder booms and the floods surge in. 
But nope! 
I don’t remember dying. It was impossible to sleep up there, on the stick. At least they provided a footrest. But I couldn’t sleep a wink. Could you? If you were nailed to a tree or something? Probably not!
I was wide awake the whole time but eventually I blacked out and it was over. Nature was far more merciful than Man…
Although, when I think of my crucifixion, I shouldn’t complain too much because a lot of people got crucified upside down. For shame! Hanging upside down, crucified, your excrement sloshing down at your face. The horror, the pain, a dizzying, humiliating death. Now THAT is truly blasphemous. 
Thinking back on it, I’m not sure why I was even so concerned with saving human beings anyway, the ways they’ve treated each other… 
Just look at these people, look at the Romans, the Europeans. They murder me, then blame it on the Jews! My people! They murder me then call MY people: “Christ Killers.” They murder me, then they sack Jerusalem, destroy the Temple, slaughter us like livestock. 
Oh, then what do they do? They start a new religion. In MY name! Me! A Jew! A Jew they killed! 
Then they steal money from the poor. In my name! Didn’t they hear what I said about taking money in the Temple? Don’t even start me on the child molesters, either… 
I tell you, sometimes I think I should have just stuck to being a carpenter…

I don’t remember dying but I do remember waking up in Heaven. It wasn’t anything like I expected. 
Heaven looks like a desert, a red desert, like Mars, and there’s a long line of people, stretching into eternity. They’re all the same age and in the same condition as when they died.
There are soldiers from every war, with gaping wounds, bullet holes that are burbling crimson, so, of course I fit right in, with the big bloody gashes in my limbs. I’m certainly better off than the car accident victims, all mangled and missing arms, legs, yeesh... 
There’re even people who are just a severed limb, just an arm or leg just hanging in the air. 
There are babies. Animals. Insects. Houseplants… Every form of life, standing in that never-ending line…
There’s tons of suicide victims. They’re blue from asphyxiation, nooses on them, dangling like a necklace, and there’s jumpers from bridges and buildings, and they’ve got hideously cracked bloody faces, faces deformed by impact, their limbs twisted and jelly-like. 
Undoubtably, plenty of old people are there, in wheelchairs, hobbling on walkers, lying on a gurney, hooked up to beeping machines. 
The people come from every time period, too, and are mixed together. You’ll see a Roman soldier, behind a Native American chief, next to an African tribesman, or an old Tibetan monk in front of a young, tattooed face Soundcloud rapper who overdosed on pills. 
Death is truly egalitarian.  
Everyone in the line looks confused. Or like they got backhanded, smacked in the face. Some have grossly shocked expressions, their eyes bulging, their jaws dangling open. 
None speak. They just stand, separated by an equidistant 6 feet. When I arrived there, I was beamed to the front of the line. My form, my body dissolved into a puff, into a white cloud, and then I snapped to, and was standing at the front of the line. 
An old man, in a toga, maybe a Greek, stood first in the line. He had horn-rimmed, solid gold eyeglasses hanging over his nose. He grabbed his crotch, and then I was sucked forward, almost vacuumed, into a cave, a hole, that looked like a black hole in outer space. 

Inside, there was a narrow room. It had a low ceiling and dim rectangular fluorescent lights that blinked on and off, giving it a strobe light effect. The room was similar to a stock room. There were shoebox-sized, brown boxes piled to the ceiling, endless rows of them on each side of the white walls, the boxes stacked to the back, as far as the eye could see.
A black marble table sat in the center of the room. Behind it was an ivory chair. The ivory carved into meticulous patterns of curling snakes and dragons. 
In the chair sat a mirror. Its edges were gilded in a shiny gold that had a phosphorescent aura to it. The mirror had to be approximately 3 feet tall and 1 foot wide. 
The mirror spoke in a telepathic voice that sounded like my own thoughts. It told me it was God. It told me I wasn’t its son, but that it appreciated my doctrine. It told me it created Earth life, then man as an experiment. It had created other species, lifeforms on other planets, other galaxies. God said God was created by another God. That God created by another, and so on and so forth. 
No one knew exactly who the first God was, or if there was a first. It was likely to have been an accident, said God. Or an experiment by another creature or force.  
And what is this room? What is this Heaven?
God said that in every box, there’s a soul. The bodies outside are flesh vessels, soul vehicles, carriers. Compost. They’re to be used again. 
But as what? God wasn’t sure. God confessed to be overwhelmed by how fast humanity had developed and was overwhelmed by its cities, its problems. God tuned out a long time ago. God doesn’t have time. Time isn’t even a concept to God. God isn’t even a concept to God. 
God sits in mirror form, watching a window; the window sandwiched between stacks of boxes; the window the size and shape of a coffin…
The window displays views of faraway galaxies, explosions of stars, emerald green planets inhabited by humungous bees, and little gray men acrobatically frolicking, dangling on gargantuan vines and trellises. The little gray man are smooth, naked, appear genderless and eyeless. They are living among the bees in buzzing electric hives nestled in thickets of pastel palm trees and flowers. Their planets have hot pink skies and are peaceful and lush. Their planets are endless garden fields of animated radiant plants that move with maws like Venus flytraps. Their planets are all greater and brighter than could be imagined. 
God gazes most longingly at pure, clean, cobalt blue water planets, at purple octopus the size of whales, with tentacles the size and length of smokestacks, the immense creatures swimming, twisting, and plunging deep, living happily in superstructures of neon coral reefs. 
God doesn’t bother watching Earth. Not too much. Here and there, God tunes in, and if annoyed or angry, throws a wildfire, hurricane, or tornado or tsunami. The majority of the time, though, God watches the other planets, watches the stars. 
I asked why God stays in this room… Why not move on elsewhere? Go swim with the octopuses? God had no reply. I asked other questions to which God also didn’t reply. I was finding God to be a fan of the silent treatment. 
Moses popped his head in, then emerged from behind the boxes. He was holding a wine bottle and smiling at me. His teeth were crooked, and I noticed he walked with a pronounced limp. 
Muhammed, Buddha, Ganesh joined us later. God let us keep our souls. God lets us watch our followers, if we want, but we rarely do. We prefer to sit next to God and watch the collisions of stars, watch the green planets and the water planets. 
God never had an animal body. God can be anything. God was the sun for a billion years. Then God was a mountain. Then God dug this space cave, this black hole. 
So every black hole is a Heaven, I inquired. God didn’t respond. Nor did God disclose anything regarding the golden mirror. I told God the sun would be a better form. 
But God said God made the sun a finite star so it’ll explode and that’ll be the end of man. God believes in journeys. God believes in a beginning and an end to every experiment. Even if there is no end to God. 

The Hotel:
 
“Oh, God, please…” Jim murmurs into his clasped hands. He wants to kneel but can’t bend on one knee anymore after the injuries, all the surgeries. Instead, he prays standing up, his head thrown back, his eyes pressed closed. He talks to God every day. He asks for wisdom. He argues with God. He tells God about his problems. He knows God is listening and will bless him. He knows God better than he’s known anything ever in his life. 
His wife emerges from the bathroom. She’s tied her hair in a chignon, applied heavy dabs of makeup and wears a clinging black dress that reveals ample thigh and cleavage. Morning sunlight trickles in from the hotel’s French windows, golden rays reflecting off her diamond necklace and earrings in bright prisms of light. 
Jim pans his gaze toward her. His lips twist into a smile. She’s sparkling like an angel. She’s still got it, he thinks. How blessed he is, to have the love of this woman. 
He knows he should appreciate her more, be more chivalrous. But he’s always had issues expressing emotions. Still, he loves her. He cherishes her. He knows she loves him. He knows she’s suffered and sacrificed, and he appreciates how she’s stood by him since back in his rookie year when his career prospects were uncertain. How she stood by his side, literally, in the hospitals, those times he went under the knife, his devoted wife helping him up in the middle of the night, assisting the hobbling giant to the toilet, holding his dick as he pissed, changing bedpans for him. 
For better or worse, in sickness and in health… 
This was why you’d marry, he thinks, to have a partner like her. And he’d been faithful to her, throughout their marriage. When the team was on the road, in faraway cities, in 5-star hotels, the Hilton, Ritz-Carlton, loads of other guys on the team would hit the nightclubs, the bars, go party and dance, bring back floozies to fuck. 
They had intricate systems of sneaking out of the hotels, averting their militaristic coaches’ watch. They’d bribe lower-level coaching assistants, bellboys, set up mannequins in their beds, creep down hallways like burglars, rush down fire escapes and back stairways, run and duck and look over their heavy shoulders, as if they were escaping jail. These grown men, star athletes, wide receivers and quarterbacks, cowering and terrified of coach, risking steep fines and possible suspensions. And all for what? To nail a floozy? Jim didn’t understand it…
But Jim never cared, as long as their performance on the field didn’t suffer. And he understood the bro code. And he kept silent. 
And he kept inside his hotel rooms, watching movies, Game of Thrones, nature documentaries, eating salt and vinegar potato chips, facetiming with his wife. He’d never been with any other lady since they’d become an item. It was now that he realized his faithfulness was paying its dividends…

They collect their bags. Jim pats his beautiful wife on her lower back, and they exit their suite. The moving/relocation service had finished unpacking the family’s things and setting up the house late last night, so the couple, along with their teenaged son, had stayed in a nearby hotel for the night. 

Their teenaged son, Kyle, clicks open and closes the heavy oak door to his room. His head bowed to his phone, he wheels a suitcase with his other hand, then rides an elevator down to the lobby, where he’ll wait for his parents. 

Kyle:

The last few years have been tough on Kyle. Losing the house he’d grown up in. Leaving his neighborhood. Relocating to a new city. 
And now he’s moving into a house with a gruesome history. And he is not happy about it... 
In today’s information age, with the internet, it’s impossible to hide much. Kyle has been researching his new house. He’s seen horrific photos of the crime. He’s been feeling anxious, wired, and most of all sick, knowing that he’ll be living in a house where an entire family was shot. He’ll be living in a house that was once a funeral home. A house that’s allegedly haunted. 
It’s the sort of house he would have expected to read about in a tabloid, in a click-baity, SHOCKING article about the house being recently purchased by an eccentric recluse, or a ghoul like Marilyn Manson… 

Kyle sits in the hotel’s dramatic lobby, with its walls made of black marble, and its furniture like something from an impressionist painting.  
His parents meet him in the lobby, and as always, his dad stands out in a crowd, towering above everyone. Kyle thinks about how his dad looks like such a freak. Or a sasquatch. His dad looking like a less hairy bigfoot, with his over-scaled features, his big hands, his barrel chest and lurching gait. His dad… with the body of a monster… has the face of a monster, too… with his square jaw, cleft chin, prominent nose and freakishly wide forehead. 
Worst, most frightening of all, for sure, is his dad’s abnormally huge head. His dad’s head like a weird, warbly blimp. His dad’s head always unnerved Kyle to a degree, made him think of blimps, hot-air balloons. Kyle has long been tormented by an irrational fear of blimps, perhaps because they remind him of his dad’s head, or it could be from seeing footage of the Hindenburg disaster on TV, as a young child. Sometimes Kyle would lay eyes on his dad’s head and he’d picture the blimp crashing. He’d picture the flames in black and white and that “oh the humanity” soundbite.
At least his dad isn’t wearing a Panama hat. Thank God his dad isn’t wearing one of those Panama hats, Kyle ponders. To Kyle, there’s nothing as embarrassing as how goofy his dad looks in a Panama hat… Kyle might hate Panama hats even more than blimps and hot-air balloons.  
Even without a goofy hat, there’s still no way his dad could be wholly inconspicuous. His dad’s limping gait, slow and hobbled, leg dragging, was kind of like the Hunchback of Notre Dame. And just his dad’s colossal mass, how enormous he is, renders him instantly noticeable. People around the lobby, young and old, crane their necks, pop their eyes, and stare at him as if he were a freak. 
Not that he blames them. Kyle had always thought of his dad being something of a freak of nature, that maybe his dad is the Missing Link, a result of scientific experiments, genetic manipulation, an escapee from a lab, perhaps. Or maybe he’s an escaped zoo animal, a rare species of gorilla. The way people stared, it was with that same mix of curiosity and fear you’d see on the faces of visitors at zoos... 
But the hotel staff are more polite. Forcefully so. Dad insists they stay in 5-star establishments. This one, a JW Marriott, appears to have a policy that every employee smile and maintain that smile. Smile and stretch their lips as far and wide as possible, revealing as many teeth as they can. The receptionists, concierge, cleaners, whenever you’d see them, they’d smile like a kid on Christmas morning, like a Japanese toothpaste ad, that sort of smile. 
It makes Kyle sick. He hates these places. He has a love/hate affair with everything to do with money. Part of him is happy to leave the mansion. He felt like a piece of shit growing up in a house like that. He felt guilty. Privileged. As a young boy, he’d thought it was normal, that everyone lives in such a house, but, when he was a little older, around 10 or so, he discovered poverty, through seeing videos online, and he felt so awful that others had to live in slums, wooden shacks, third world conditions. 
“How is that even legal,” he’d think… “How could the governments in those countries let their people live worse than dogs, in those dreadful slums. Places like India, a country with buildings like the Taj Mahal. India has billionaires living in skyscrapers, whole skyscrapers, to themselves, and then below the same private skyscrapers, they have millions of people living in tin shacks, huddled masses, stacked on top of each other… People with no electricity or running water… People openly squatting and shitting on public streets; people pissing, dumping garbage and sewage in the same streams drinking water is collected, clothes are washed… It’s a travesty! It should be a crime!” he’d rage and vent in the comment section of YouTube videos.  

Yet, money, privilege, and his mansion, that was Kyle’s life. It was all he knew. He’d grown up in a mansion with marble floors polished to the sheen of a frozen lake. He’d grown up eating catered meals. He’d grown up sprinting, feet pumping through infinite, winding hallways, climbing up and down double staircases. He’d grown up in a house that had an elevator, and a private elevator, too, for anyone who didn’t feel like walking up the stairs. 
He’d swim whenever he wanted, in the indoor or outdoor pools, and he’d played hide and seek with his sister in the multitude of rooms. 
Some of his favorite memories, were zipping around in his red mini-lambo, the little electric car that he’d ride around the house and estate grounds.
It was paradise for a kid, having that much space to play, that much space for his imagination to run wild.
He couldn’t remember a Christmas when he didn’t get exactly the gifts he wanted. It really was all he knew, that sort of life. 
But it’s not that way anymore… It would probably never be that way again, and he wasn’t sure what to think about it, aside from guilt about his anger and anger about his guilt. His ugly paradox of lost privilege. 
And recently he’d been ruminating, raging with an increasingly disturbing frequency.    
Sitting into a mauve lounge chair in the lobby, his lips quiver. He’s silently fuming, telepathically violent. He wonders why his parents can’t be normal. Why he couldn’t have been a normal kid. Why couldn’t his dad just have worked in an office? His dad was never around when he was growing up. He was always off playing football. Football, football, football. Everything orbited around football. His dad’s schedule, his dad’s diet, his dad’s mood. It was football. Football and football. 
And it was football that made his dad look and walk like Frankenstein. Why did his dad have to be Frankenstein? Why?
And why couldn’t his mom look, well, more, like, maybe a mom, instead of an aging Playboy playmate, or something from a MILF porn video... He couldn’t even count how many jabs he’d heard from classmates, growing up, about his “red-hot” mom. Really, although practically every kid in his school had a pretty mom, and there were plenty of trophy wives in his neighborhood, his mom rose above them all.  
Maybe this was because she actually WAS a Playboy Playmate, his mom. Yuck!!! Why?! Why couldn’t millions of creepy guys NOT have seen his mom naked. Yuck! Yuck! And triple yuck! 
Truth be told, Kyle has always secretly hated his mother. He despises her as a person. She pays him scant attention. Despite everything, everything he’s done for her, such as fixing her computers, fixing her phones, helping her friends with every tech need, despite all of that, Kyle never feels truly appreciated. He’s just her IT Boy. He’s not even a person. He’s a tool. A thing to be used and discarded. That’s what he thinks of his mother. She’s a taker. She’s a user. 
His mother is vapid. She’s an empty, soulless bitch, and he hates everything about her. He detests her sickening, shrill voice, a voice that reminds him of a sharp object being pulled over glass. 
He hates her appearance, too, and thinks she looks like a blowup sex doll. He hates how she walks, how she arches her body, with her breasts thrown forward and butt held high, and her inappropriate, downright slutty clothes. He hates how waxy and artificial she looks in her heavy whore makeup and he hates her whorish perfume. Its pungency makes him sick. She makes him sick. But he’d never say any of this to anyone IRL. He and his friends online all hate their mothers. Kyle hates anyone who doesn’t hate their mother. 

Kyle doesn’t voice too many opinions. He keeps things bottled up. He keeps quiet. He’s nondescript. He’s not very noticeable. He’s got one of those faces that look like a million other faces. He’s a generic white person. He’s not ugly or handsome. He’s bland as the background of a restaurant scene in a movie. He just looks like an extra. 
The only thing that was ever noticeable about him is his head. He’s got a small head for his body. His neck is long too. A bit too long. The kids in elementary school would joke that he looks like a bird, with his long neck and small head. Or like one of those long neck village people in Asia somewhere. Or they’d joke that a witch doctor had shrunk his head. So later he’d grown his hair long, to his shoulders, to hide his head and neck. And it’d worked. Nowadays he is normal looking. He’s so normal that he’s practically invisible. 

Kyle only wears black shirts and black jeans. He hates any shirt, jacket, hat, or any article of clothing with a logo. He hates advertisements and doesn’t want to be a walking advertisement for anyone. 
Kyle’s a quiet man. He hates complainers, whiners. He’s forward-thinking. He’s a computer nerd. He’s entering his senior year of high school. He’s planning to major in computer science. He spends his time coding and building a website that builds websites. He spends his time online, chatting with other nerds, and gaming. He enjoys violent video games like horror video games and shoot-em-up games most. 
He has a morbid fascination with horror films, slasher films, serial killers and mass killers. He’s a member of a “Columbiner” group, dedicated to all things Columbine massacre… 
Though he likes horror movies and murderers, he hates martial arts and he especially detests football…
He finds it annoying to move, switch schools, particularly in his senior year, but since most of his activities are online, geography doesn’t concern him too much... 
Perhaps he’ll be moving more and more often. He’s joined an e-sports league and dreams of gaming professionally. One day, he could be a famous gamer, like Ninja, touring the world. 
He’d then wear clothes with logos, but only for brands he likes, and only if they pay him lots of cash.
He wants to make tons of cash playing e-sports and then give away most of it, fly to India and throw wads of money to those people living in slums. That’s what he’d do if he becomes a famous gamer.   
He doesn’t know what his dad thinks about his e-sports aspirations. He doesn’t know how his dad, a retired professional athlete, thinks about gamers. 
Truth is, he doesn’t know his dad. But he doesn’t hate his dad, like he hates his mom. Really, he doesn’t quite know what to think of his dad. He and his dad never talked much. Like him, his dad is a quiet man. Two quiet men don’t often share many thoughts. 
But Kyle does wonder how his dad feels about him... as a person… and about him never having a girlfriend. About him having thoughts about boys that are… different... 
He’s afraid to speak with his dad, in a way, because of his dad’s imposing height and stature. He grew tall but never grew to be the height or size of his dad, neither did his brother or sister. To Kyle, his dad has always been a tad scary. 
He doesn’t speak much with his mom or siblings either. He doesn’t care to speak with anyone, at all, face to face. He prefers to speak through machines. He enjoys the buttons, filters, and sounds, the images and videos. He likes memes, creating and sharing them. 
He dreams of implanting a chip in his head, becoming a machine. He wants to be a cyborg. He doesn’t think his parents would like that. But he doesn’t really care. He won’t tell them. He’ll just become a cyborg and that’ll be that. 
One of his projects is a freeware brain chip he’s developing…
He is afraid of ghosts. He knows his dad doesn’t believe in it, but his mom does. And he does. He’s built software, an app that he hopes to use to trap a spirit, like in the old classic Ghostbusters movies (not the crappy remake, DO NOT GET HIM STARTED. He wrote the highest-rated takedown EVER of that movie on Rotten Tomatoes.) 
His ghostbusting app is sort of a vacuum. It’s an app on your phone that emits a white noise frequency used by ghosthunters. The frequency can attract the ghosts and then draw them forth and snare them in a storage box that looks like a video player. It has an option to upload captured ghosts to the cloud or share them on social media.  
Once the ghosts are trapped inside the video box, which looks like a YouTube video, he’s planned several different backdrops and environments for the spirits- oceans, forests, prison cells, everything, depending on the personality and background of the ghost… 
If a spirit is nice, he thinks of trying to find a way to send it to the afterlife. Perhaps he could email, forward the spirit to a medium or priest. 
His software is untested, though. And he’s not sure if it will work. 

His parents step away from the front desk, his dad is sliding his platinum card back inside his alligator skin wallet. The two saunter over toward Kyle. They are grim-faced, conjoined in a tacit silence. His dad, like a walking tree, hovers above him, seemingly casting a shadow over the entire lobby. His dad’s eyes are a bit bloodshot. Perhaps he’d been crying. Or taking the pills again. Kyle knows his dad takes pills, injections sometimes, too. 
His dad nods his heavy stone of a head. Kyle nods back in assent and rises, feeling airless, as if his lungs were punctured. Terror seizes him. The hairs on the back of his neck prickle. 
It’s time. It’s time to go to the house. He’s been dreading this moment. He’d thought of going to a relative’s. He’d thought of staying with a friend. He’d thought of running away. He’d thought of so many ways to escape this moment. He’d wanted to escape the house, the ghosts, even before he’d stepped foot inside. 
But now, they move. They walk. Bodies in motion. Right foot, left foot. Their bodies in lockstep. A bellboy is pushing a golden cart with the family’s bags. The bellboy, a short late-middle aged man of possible Arab descent, is smiling his own version of the hotel’s plastic, toothy smile. The bellboy looks like he’s hurting his lips, stretching his mouth that wide. The beaming bellboy is making forced, painful small talk about the weather, emphatically proclaiming that it’d cooled down, that fall was here. 
They cross through the swivel door, are thrown into the front of the hotel. The bellboy was right. Fall had arrived. The sky was dark, looked like a bruise. The bellboy sniffs the cool air, then confidently asserts that it’ll rain on and off all day.  
It had cooled down outside considerably, to 50 something degrees, and the crisp, soft fall air tickled at Kyle’s skin. Jim tips the bellboy a folded 20 as the bellboy readies to load the family’s bags into their car.  
The valet drives the car up, parks and jumps out. The valet is all smiles too. The valet is a very young and very large black man, nearly his dad’s size. The valet recognizes Jim Everett, “OH my GAWD! Jim Everett!”, and the two have a short word. The valet plays high school football and snaps a selfie with Jim. Jim tips him well, slips him a folded $50 bill, and claps him on the shoulder, offers words of encouragement. 
Kyle has a brief moment of jealousy, knowing his dad never spoke to him like that. He could see that young man, that valet, being the type of kid his dad wanted. A stud athlete, vivacious, strong and handsome. Not a scrawny computer nerd, a freak like him. 
The jealousy abates, however, when Kyle thinks of his dad limping around. When he flashes back to the times he saw his dad, hunched over, recovering from a surgery. His dad’s Frankenstein face contorting in agonizing pain.  
Those are the moments the NFL doesn’t show. The surgeries. The injections. The pills. The tears and blood and scars and middle-aged men walking like old geezers. Kyle thinks of the valet, how handsome he is, his electric, high-voltage smile and his young body like that of a Grecian God, the valet so full of life. Kyle’s jealousy morphs to pity.
Then the fear returns. He and his parents sit into the leather seats, buckle up. His dad, ever the aggressive driver, throttles the gas pedal, and their heads whip back as they plow ahead, into traffic, his dad cranking Korn, that annoying nu metal shit that Kyle can’t stand. 
Kyle defensively blasts meditation music in his earbuds, hoping to calm himself, settle his anxiety. 
They will arrive at the house in approximately 40 minutes, the white flashing text on the dashboard GPS says. The digits on the GPS begin to slide off the dashboard, falling off the screen, slimy, like the trail of a slug. Kyle’s lower jaw trembles. His teeth chatter. His eyes go glassy and his vision becomes a milky blur. He shuts his eyelids, breathes deeply, tastes the leather smell of his seat. 
40 minutes. 40 minutes, he laments. 

The House:

The Porsche pulls into the driveway, spinning its wheels. Jim had driven fast and hard. Even worse than usual. Susan and Kyle both were uncomfortable with Jim’s vehicular aggression, and Kyle kept noticing how his dad’s eyes looked unusually sunken and vacant. Throughout the drive, Kyle and his mom shifted nervously, clutched their seats, and Susan had almost spoken up and asked Jim to cool out on the NASCAR stuff. But, predictably, Susan had stiffened, held her tongue.
At least their car was bigger and better made than most of the others on the road. Certainly an advantage of an SUV. That’d long given Susan some semblance of solace as Jim, snarling and squinting, would weave his way furiously through traffic…
Mia and Lisa are waiting in the driveway. Mia is scrolling on her phone and looks up smiling widely, upon seeing her parents roll in. Lisa looks positively giddy. She’s animated, a whirlwind of movement. She’s pointing her phone at the house and its environs, snapping photos like a screaming schoolgirl at a boyband concert. 
Jim, Susan, and Kyle hop out of the car, press the doors shut. Mia and Kyle, Mia and Jim nod hello, exchange brief, awkward hugs. Then Susan and Mia hug tightly and Susan hugs Lisa too and the ladies make the typical sounds people make and say the typical things people say when they haven’t seen each other in a while. 
Kyle thinks he’s going to have another panic attack. A stream of cold sweat runs down his back. The house… It looks so sinister, with its jutting spires and church-like structure. The big, horrific antique house, with its twin turrets, looks like a castle, a dark gothic building from Transylvania. He can picture a vampire in it, sucking blood, sleeping in a coffin. The whole place just has a choking ugliness and cold touch of evil to it. 
Kyle’s body quivers. His breath skips. Then he’s breathing as if he’d just run a race, his chest rising and falling in deep heaves. His anxiety claws from within, bares its fangs. It leaps like the spring of a beast. He then reaches into his jean pocket, plucks out a bottle of pills. He has 3 different prescriptions. These are for the panic attacks, if a severe one strikes. If he can’t breathe. Like now. 
His family oblivious, Kyle stops in his tracks. He shakes a couple pink pills into his cupped hand and swallows them down. The dose is supposed to be one- but fuck that. He wants instant relief. The pills take a couple minutes to kick in, but when they fall in his mouth and he tastes their bitter flavor, when he feels them slug down his esophagus, he instantly feels better, knowing relief is on its way. 
The five walk towards the front porch. They trudge up the curiously steep front steps.  
Opening the door, it’d be hard to imagine this was once a crime scene. There’s no bloodstains. There’s no yellow tape. Despite its creepy exterior, the house’s interior looks, well, normal. But to Kyle it still doesn’t seem right. He senses something in the air. A heaviness. And his nose crinkles at the strong smell of cleaning fluid, an overly sterile, antiseptic scent that reminds him of a hospital. 
Lisa, who’d been giddy and excited, quiets down too. She folds her arms over her chest, seemingly awestruck by the house’s grandiosity. Inside, the house appears cavernous, endless, in a way, almost like a desert.  
Entering inside, Susan’s heels click on the hardwood, then click to an abrupt stop. Susan, Mia, Lisa, and Kyle freeze in fear. The four are on tenterhooks, nervous wrecks, and they pan their gazes, furtively, every which direction. To them, there’s a gravity, a pull, a weight. They feel 100 pounds heavier. 
Only Jim doesn’t feel it. Only Jim plods in, dragging his gnarled leg, as he does, and grunts something barely intelligible as he lurches forward.  
The others remain frozen stiff, in the anteroom. They just stand there, looking around, their eyes full of anticipation. As if they think perhaps a ghost might jump out, or a reanimated corpse, forgotten somehow, might burst and claw up from the floorboards, a hungry zombie chomping on their limbs, the whole scene turning into the Walking Dead. 
But nothing. It’s so quiet in there. Far quieter than the bustling city they’d just left, with its car horns, construction noises, the jackhammer next to them doing roadwork on the highway. That damn jackhammer happily drowning out Korn, but also overpowering Kyle’s “uplifting thoughts” meditation music of Tibetan harps and chimes and winding, dreamy synths. 
None of that now. The house is quiet. Quiet as the dead. Quiet as Kyle hopes the dead would remain. 
Realizing the apocalypse isn’t upon them, Mia and Lisa’s postures slacken and the two exhale deeply, pan their gazes one last time, and then walk up the stairs, to Mia’s room, Lisa resuming her photo snapping, pressing her long red fingernails to her phone. Lisa is again electric, preening and posing like a schoolgirl, smiling for selfies. 
Kyle follows behind them. Lisa hangs her head over her shoulder and gazes down at him, flirtatiously, flashes him an inviting smile and flutters her heavy lashes his way. She likes his long hair, boyish looks, and thinks he has that quiet, mass shooter vibe. It turns her on. But, unlike most men, he pays her no mind. 
She’s surprised and intrigued not to have her honey eyes reciprocated. She’s always liked guys who ignore her… 
Susan clicks toward the kitchen, hanging her head to her phone, scrolling through her Facebook. Even when being a phone zombie, she still steps with that confident, catwalk type strut she’d picked up from her earlier modeling and cheerleading work. 
But she stops in her tracks when her phone’s screen flashes red and freezes. She thumbs at her phone a couple times, shakes it, but nothing. Sighing, she mutters, “Oh, well fuck you, too, Mark Zuckerberg!” and slips the phone into the front pocket of her blouse. 
Then, lifting her head, her heart skips a beat. She gasps and claps her hands to her face when she sees the kitchen island covered in splattered blood; below the island, on the floor, lies a woman, approximately her age, wearing a white robe that’s stained with big red blotches, the woman appearing riddled with gunshots, her face twisted in terror. 
Susan screams. A loud, exploding, shrill scream. Once the sound hits the air, the scene vanishes, like a TV screen clicked off, and the kitchen is empty, white and clean, sparkling new. 
Mia rushes in. 
“Mom, oh my God, are you okay? What… What happened?” Mia stutters and grabs hold of her mom, hugging her closely and swinging her gaze around the room, cautiously, her eyebrows upturned.
“Nothing, I just thought I... It’s nothing…” Susan repeats. She knew she shouldn’t have snooped online and looked at the crime scene photos. This was where…
Lisa rushes in, her breath stertorious, her eyes leaping from her skull. She yells between heavy breaths, “Hey, what is it?! I was in the bathroom. Are you guys okay?” 
The two look toward Lisa. Both have pursed lips and blanched faces. They nod, silently. 
Lisa hurries past them, points her phone and snaps a picture of the kitchen island. 
“Like, you guys, you, you know… this is where the kid saw his mother and then…”
“Yes. Yes, we know,” Susan cuts in, speaking in a tone that implies this wasn’t a discussion she wanted to have.

Junior Seau: 

Jim enters the master bedroom. It’s hideous, shaped like an irregular hexagon and painted an ugly cucumber green. The room’s walls curve to different angles, as if they were bending roads. The room’s side wall is entirely made of darkly tinted glass. 
To Jim, it’s more like a hotel room, like a trashy hotel from a college road game against a scrub team at a school in some hicktown. But when he tosses his head back and looks to the ceiling, he finds it’s coned to a golden dome, and he flashes to turrets and kings and Game of Thrones, medieval type shit, which he loves, and his weary spirit lifts... 

Jim places his suitcase on the king size bed that looks attached to the wall. The bed warbles as he sits on it. He worries the bed won’t be able to withstand his weight. He’s broken beds before just sitting or lying on them. Many football players, basketball players require tailor-made furniture to fit their enormous frames. 
Jim’s phone buzzes, throbs at his thigh. He fishes it from his front pant pocket only to see it’s somehow powered off. 
Then the temperature in the room suddenly plummets. The room ice cold, cold as a freezer. Condensation covers the windows, and Jim can see his breath fogging in front of him, flitting and dissolving as grayish vapors.
A figure manifests itself in the corner of the room. Its outline is like a picture inside a frame. It’s murky, at first, rippling, as if a reflection on water. But then the image sharpens, and its symmetry looks familiar. “Heaven is the journey…” Jim hears a strangled voice mutter. 
The form is a silhouette of a man, a hulking, muscular man, like him. There’s a smell in the room, a smell of burning plastic, a nauseating, sickening smell. Jim lifts to his feet, pulled up, commandingly, like a marionette. A stab of pain in his left knee jolts through his body. He judders, struggles fecklessly to jerk his hand to his knee. But he can’t. His arms instead lift upward to form a T. His body is frozen. He is controlled, held in an invisible lock, in a Jesus Christ pose, and the form facing him draws closer. 
Jim can see the form’s head, its face. It’s his former teammate, Junior Seau. He can see Junior’s thin mustache, his curly black hair, his brown skin. 
Junior’s face is tight with shame, and his warm eyes look cold and are totally blackened, like twin lumps of coal. Jim can see the gunshot wound in Junior’s chest. It’s festering and is the reddish color of an infected wound. 
Jim feels a trickling drift of cold air emanating from the form, and it’s an icy air that’s humid and heavy with pain. It’s a wind of cruel reminders.  
Clucking, another twist of pain seizes Jim’s body; Jim’s spinal column, his vertebrae pops and snaps as Junior hovers closer, and Jim realizes that it’s this… this being… the vision confronting him that’s the source of the sickening smell. 
Jim’s eyes are then drawn to the being’s chest. Inside the bloody circle of the gunshot wound, Jim sees what appears to be a black hole in space. He sees silvery stars colliding. He sees what appears to be an explosion, like a bomb detonating, a magnificent fireball, rose-colored flames…  
Then he lifts his head. He sees Junior’s mien. Bloody tears are streaming down Junior’s face. Then Junior fades to black, and his dark silhouette crumbles into a black dust cloud and tumbling gray rubble, like the fall of the World Trade Center towers. 
The force that held Jim in a suspended state unlocks, releases, and Jim falls backwards to the bed, collapsing in a heap. His spine snaps back into place, and a stiff shudder of pain jolts from his waist to his neck.  
Then the smell is gone. The temperature returns to 67. 
Jim senses a presence next to him. He shifts his head to see a shotgun lying next to him on the bed. A curl of gray smoke purls from the mouth of the barrel. 
Reaching for the gun, Jim clamps his hand on the cold, hard steel, and the gun shapeshifts into a green cobra; the snake alive and writhing, its forked tongue darting at Jim; its slippery skin is slimy as an eel and colder than a block of ice. Jim snatches back his hand and the snake vanishes into the air. 
Jim had never encountered anything like this. He wonders if it was a side effect from the pain pills. If it was visual hallucinations from the headaches.
Maybe it was the headaches again. The fucking headaches... 
Recently he’d been having ever worsening headaches. Headaches that were like bundles of wires twisting tightly between his temples, throbbing brutally then lowering to sharp steady beats. The headaches sometimes causing him to see floaters, colored blobs, and red stars shooting into and out of walls. Maybe this was that. But worse. 
Of course, too, for a second, he is thinking about the occult, the hauntings, the rumors and past of the house, every stupid horror movie he ever saw. But he quickly pushes that from his head. “That shit isn’t real,” he chides himself. 
Junior, however, looked so real. He’d not seen Junior or even thought of him in years. They’d only briefly been teammates. They had an age difference. But they’d gotten along, been bros. Perhaps it was partially due to their shared Polynesian heritage, Jim’s maternal grandmother being Hawaiian. NFL locker rooms were often split among regional, racial lines. There were two other guys on the team with Polynesian blood, and Jim, Junior, and them had formed the “Polynesian Posse…”
Jim felt horrible that he’d not spoken with Junior before the suicide. It was a ghost he’d lived with, that memory, that emotion, how awful, how terribly guilty he felt. It was a real ghost that’d been with him since those dark days. Jim had been recovering from surgery; he’d been in rehab, limping gingerly on treadmills, shot up with numerous drugs. All he could think of was returning to the field. He’d hardly been talking with his own family much, let alone ex-teammates. 
Then he saw it on the news. On a muted TV screen in the gym. When he saw what happened, he blamed himself, at first. Then he blamed his teammates. They should have kept closer tabs on Junior. They should have known that a lot of former NFL players have trouble after retirement. If they could have talked with him more, visited him, whatever, maybe he wouldn’t have… Dammit…
After the news broke, Jim was haunted. He’d think of Junior. A lot. He’d wish he could have been there to snatch the gun away from him, to intervene, to talk him down. He wanted to believe he could have been the hero and that Junior could be alive, be here today.
Selfishly, though, afterward, Jim started to worry about himself. If he’d be next. If he’d suffer the same fate. If he could control whatever motivated Junior to pull the trigger. If the same demons would plague him… 
But he buried the thoughts, the sadness. He didn’t even go to the funeral. He couldn’t bear it. He couldn’t see Junior in a coffin. He couldn’t see Junior in the ground. 
He swallowed the thoughts, the remorse, the fear of impending doom. He forced himself to forget his psychic and physical pain and focused on his recovery. He immersed himself in lifting, position-specific drills, and studying game film like never before. 
It worked too. He came back better than ever, feeling superhuman, like a bionic man, and once again he was selected to the Pro Bowl… 
But now Jim is the retired guy. And he’s been having worsening headaches, headaches that are like carving knives twisting into his skull. Not only that, but he’s been plagued by brain fog, unable to concentrate. He’s been increasingly forgetful. So far, it’s been minor compared to a few guys he’s heard of. But it is there. And it’s been getting worse as he’s aged. 
While he’d never been diagnosed with a concussion, there were plenty of times when he “got his bell rung,” as they used to call it, after he’d clashed helmets with a defensive lineman. It’d happened a lot. There were a handful of times he was too dizzy to stand straight, got pulled out by a coach, had to sit out a few snaps. But, generally, he’d keep going, no matter what. 
He was a warrior. A fucking warrior, like a gladiator or a medieval knight... He’d played football with the warrior ethos. He’d really seen himself as a gladiator. It’d be him or the other guy getting dragged dead off the field, and he’d be damned if it was him… 
And he’d never want to miss a play when he got older, later in his career, no matter how dizzy or sick or hurt he was. He knew how football worked and that the coaches were drafting younger, bigger, faster, better guys from college. Young bucks just waiting to steal his roster spot. He too was a young lion once, sharpening his teeth and sniffing the old lions’ blood. He too was a predator, lying in wait, eying and sizing up the veterans. 
Battles for spots on the depth chart are the most intense, heated, and cutthroat competitions in the NFL. It is livelihood versus livelihood. Mano y mano. Your life, your career, your trajectory versus his. It is about more than glory or legacy. It is a damn war. It is a fight for your family. A fight to put food in your children’s mouths. A fight for generational wealth… And it is zero sum, this battle. It is you or it is him… Jim knew this. He knew the game. He knew the hunt. And he wasn’t going off softly, waving happily to the crowd. He wasn’t going to quit until he was carried off the field on a stretcher, or at least almost unable to walk. Fortunately, it was the latter... 

Jim hadn’t thought of Junior in a while. Until today. 
A chill creeps down his spine. He shivers having felt the kick of that memory. How vicious and vivid the visions were. 
He rises from the bed, his knee not in pain but not well. His knee its usual achy self. Its usual tiny jabbing needles of pain.
Jim presses his eyes shut for a second, draws in a deep breath. The air in his lungs seeming colder than the air in the room. Jim opens his eyes, pats his front left pant pocket, feels for the hard lump, then fishes out a small orange tube of pills, pops it open, and eats a couple, tasting their bitter tang in his mouth before he swallows them and lets the warmth of the oxycodone surge through his body and soul. Instantly he’s more relaxed. 
He shakes his head, pushes away the visions, and lumbers toward the door, walking on water, inching into the slanted hallway. 

Kyle’s Room:

“So, this is the room…” Kyle thinks. It was this room where the killer lived. 
It is strange to be in the room. Not only to be in it, but to live in it. To live in a place where death lived. 
This is where Colby Oswald’s mind rotted. This is where he plotted… This is where he sat…
Kyle sits down to the desk. It’s a solid, flame mahogany writing desk, with 8 dovetailed drawers, brass handles, and legs ending in lion feet. The matching antique Victorian carved walnut botton back armchair is hard and uncomfortable. Kyle prefers the modern, minimalist style architecture, furniture of his childhood home. The old-fashioned fittings of this place give him the creeps. 
It’s the same ugliness throughout the house, Kyle laments, the same Dracula type furniture- dusty antiques, big and brown, oak and cherrywood, red velvet chairs. Much of it has sat in the house since it was built. Much of it remained even after… Only a few items that were too splattered with blood, too stained, had been removed, Kyle had read online... Aside from that, it was the same furniture… In the same house…

Kyle had read about how in Asian cultures, they believe ghosts can attach themselves to furniture, to buildings. He’d read how the Japanese would rather have a building demolished and build a new place, because they believe any house that was previously occupied will be haunted. Ghosts alive inside the walls, the floors, the ceilings, the furniture. 
There could be something to that, Kyle ponders. Buildings and inanimate objects could have memories too, like us, but theirs probably are longer and less selective... 

Unlike a lot of mass killers, Colby Oswald didn’t shoot himself in the end. He’s alive. He’s in jail, but he’s alive. 
Kyle lays his chin to his chest, exhales deeply. His eyes fix to the desk in front of him. This is Colby’s desk. This is where he wrote his manifesto. Allegedly there’d been a handwritten manifesto, written on notebook pages, inked in blood. It’d been discovered by police, laid out on this desk... It was described as a diatribe, rambling doggerel, cryptic passages documenting the haunting and demonic possession. 
None of it was made public. It was sealed, kept under wraps like the Columbine Killers’ “Basement Tapes.” It was scheduled to be made available to the public in the year 2100. 
Kyle has a tingle run through him. The hairs on his arms prickle. He shivers. He feels someone standing behind him. A presence. A towering figure. He spins around in his seat to see his dad standing behind him, in the doorway, arms akimbo. 
“Dinner’s at 6,” are the only words his dad speaks, before his arms slacken and he turns and lurches out of the room. 
His dad’s face looks paler than snow. His face drained of blood. His dad’s voice, as usual, sounds flat yet angry, quiet, yet carrying an echo of menace.  
Wordlessly, Kyle swings his gaze and nods in assent…

Kyle opens his laptop and places it on the desk. His desktop is in the corner, still in its sealed box. He’ll set it up later. 
He opens the ghost app on his phone. He wants to see if it works. See if he can catch a ghost. The video player screen on the app sits empty and the low hum of white noise sounds. He slips the phone in his jeans’ front left pocket, thinking the app will protect him, like an amulet or a talisman.  
Clicking open and lifting the screen of his laptop, he presses his index finger to the power button. But nothing happens. 
He presses again. 
Nothing. 
Annoyed, knowing he’d charged the battery, he stands up, walks over to his backpack, which is lying on the floor nearby, and squats down, zips it open, digs out a charger. Then he rises, moves back to the desk, and plugs in the charger to the laptop, then moves with the charger in hand, and kneels to insert its prongs into the wall socket by the desk. 
The second the charger’s metal prongs slide into the outlet, Kyle’s body experiences a shock. His body glows phosphorescent blue. He tumbles to the hardwood floor, which feels like warm water. And he lies there, boneless, as if floating. 
Then he’s levitating. His body lifts; ascends toward the ceiling. He summons the strength to shift his hands, defensively, as he approaches the ceiling, but instead of crashing into it, he’s flying through it, as if water through a sieve. 
Then he finds himself rising above the house, above the neighborhood, above the city, and he is plopped into the soft cushion of a white cloud. He rests atop the fluffy white cloud, finding himself naked, and his penis has become a great green cobra that’s peacefully purring, like a cat, and resting its head on his stomach. The penis cobra is eying him, flicking its forked tongue, flashing a wry little snake grin. 
A furious, Disco-Dancing Jesus emerges from up through an adjacent cloud, pumping 70s dance music following him. The Disco-Dancing Jesus boogeying, scowling, dancing toward him. Disco-Dancing Jesus in a Saturday Night Fever leisure suit that’s silver, sparkly. 
From behind Jesus floats in, like a small blimp, a wild-eyed Colby, who is also naked, and also with a great green cobra penis. Colby is flanked by a small gray furry creature, something between a goat and a man, with a face Kyle recognizes but can’t instantly place. Colby and the goat creature have angry expressions, faces pulled into contempt. 
Colby, the goat man, and Disco-Dancing Jesus shapeshift into their images on three big screen televisions, the televisions twirling and ascending, as if they are spaceships searching for stars. 
Then Kyle falls through the cloud, like a trapdoor is opened, and he plummets back to Earth, as if he were a skydiver without a parachute, and he drops back into his bedroom, waking up on the floor, startled, after hearing a loud thud.  

Mia’s Room:

Mia and Lisa are doing some rearranging of the furniture. 
“I am not sleeping where THAT happened,” proclaims Mia, shaking her head. “I’m putting this picture on the wall. I’m hanging it right where she slept. I think she’d approve. She was religious, wasn’t she? Didn’t you say?” Mia asks, pins a picture of her favorite Saint to the wall, and walks around to the edge of the bed.  
“She was,” replies Lisa, grunting after the pair counts to three and carries the bed backwards, toward the opposite side of the room. 
They angle the narrow, single bed to line up with the wall, and Mia catches her breath, wipes a drip of salty sweat from her thick brows and tilts her head, speaks in a somber tone, “Like, I’m really glad you’re my friend, and you told me about this. I wouldn’t want to sleep exactly where she was…”
Mia can’t say it. She can’t enunciate it. But the fear and chill are there. They’re a lump in her throat. 
Lisa ambles back to the other side of the room, stands over the spot where the bed had been, casts a short shadow over its emptiness. Then she squats down, sitting on her haunches, examines the wall carefully. 
Mia, noting how Lisa’s tight blue jeans accentuate her sleek curves and heart-shaped butt, experiences a touch of discomforting jealousy, as she often does, when she finds her eyes grazing Lisa’s flawless figure…
“They did an incredible job covering it up. But I bet if you peeled the paint, you could see the bloodstain,” Lisa says, poking her long narrow inquisitive nose toward the wall. Then she sniffs at it in rapid bursting little snorts, like a drug dog. 
“Do you smell that?” she asks Mia, before sniffing again, this time louder, almost as if she were snorting lines of cocaine. 
“Smell what?” responds Mia, raising an eyebrow as she sits down on the baby blue quilt atop the bed. 
Lisa’s long, upturned nose suddenly drips blood. She springs to her feet, claps her hands over her face. “Oh, oh, my God, I smelled fire, burning…” she mumbles; hot tears roll down her rosy cheeks. 
“What the… Are you okay? What happened?” yells Mia, bouncing up from the bed and rushing over to Lisa, pulling her friend into caring arms. Then she’s craning her neck to examine Lisa’s bloody nose. It’s not gushing blood, only trickling, like a drip from a leaky faucet. 
Mia unlooses her friend, who is crying, softly now, and she dashes over to her backpack, zips it open and fishes out a pack of tissues, and rushes back over, tears the pack open and hands Lisa a wad of the white Kleenex. 
Dabbing the reddened wad to her face, Lisa throws her head back, pinches her nose, and whispers in a warbled voice, “I don’t know what happened. It just…” 
Mia shushes her, cuddles up to her again. Mia’s arms encircle Lisa, and she rests her head on Lisa’s shoulder. 
Mia raises her big blue eyes, looks to the spot on the wall where she hung a picture of her favorite Saint. Her namesake. Saint Euphemia …. 
 
Euphemia:

It was a clear morning. There was a sweet smell in the air. The guards marched me, from out of my cell, into the pit. The crowd roared. Their faces filled with scorn. The angry masses were jeering. They were pointing. They were throwing half-eaten food, fruit, rocks, and whatever they could. 
But I was the happiest person there. 
It was to be my execution, but, to me, it was my escape, my passage. I would be with Jesus. I was a supplicant, divine to the core.
I tossed my head back. I looked to the sky. My eyes set upwards, I could see angels hanging and flying above the arena. The chubby little angels were spirits of dead children, taken by plague. They’d accepted Jesus and gained entry into His Kingdom. 
With ruby red cheeks and open arms, they awaited me, they called to me. One started strumming a small harp. Another danced and zipped playfully about the sky. 
There was not a cloud in the sky. And from behind the little beautiful children, the angels, I could see Him. I could see Jesus, my Savior. His arms were outstretched, as they were on the cross. His arms were outstretched, in love, in kindness, in forgiveness. A golden aura silhouetted Him, and His long brown hair and white robes ruffled softly in the breeze. His guiding smile was my beacon. He was my light. The vision of His figure cut into the blue sky filled me with warmth and calm. 
I was tied to a wooden post. The ropes were strung so tight that my limbs went numb. My blood ceased to flow freely to my limbs, and it rushed to my head. I was dizzy. But I wasn’t scared. Because I knew in my heart that Jesus was watching. I knew I would be rewarded for my deeds. Jesus’s love was my sentinel. His love was my strength. 
The beasts were let loose. Two lions, faces full of fangs. The beasts were surging toward me. One roared a deafening howl that shook my bones with the heavy power of its sound. 
But I did not fear them. I feared no man. Nor did I fear any beast. I welcomed them. Their roar was a trumpet blasting from an angel. Their wide mouths of jagged teeth, sharper than knives, would bring me to God. They would send me to Jesus. They were my chariot.  
I felt no fear in that valley of death. I set my soft eyes on the beasts and turned my lips to a smile, beaming my light, offering my sacrifice, offering my soul, dying for man’s sins as my Lord and Savior Jesus had done for me.
To my surprise, the beasts felt my love, halted at my feet and sniffed me, drank in my scent and licked me up and down, like friendly dogs, and curled at my feet. 
The crowd noise, which had been nearly as deafening as the lion’s howl, ceased, hushed into an uncomfortable silence. There were murmurs. Looking back up to the sky, I saw the angels and Jesus laughing hysterically, pointing and motioning me upward, waving their hands at me to send my soul. 
It was at this juncture that the crowd erupted again. A centurion, in armor, hoisting a long sword, came stalking my way. I could hear his heavy armor clinking, rattling as he approached. Then I smiled at him too, and he raised, pointed his sword, angling it at my chest. I called for him to cut my throat because I knew that would unloose my soul faster. 
Silently, I tossed my head back and said a final prayer. It was the happiest I’d ever been. 

The Baby: 

Mia bows her head, and her eyes lower to the floor, to the empty spot where the bed was. 
It is a new bed, at least, she thinks. The beds in which the children were shot had been replaced by new beds. There was no way she could have slept in a bed that someone had died in, especially a bed someone had been shot to death in... 
A sudden chill overtakes Mia. And she feels stiff. Then frozen. Is unable to move. Unable to speak. Lisa freezes too. Her soft warm body shifting instantaneously into an ice sculpture. The blood on her face hardens, sprinkles into tiny red particles, misting like sleet. 
Mia, her head stuck to the ice sculpture’s shoulder, can do nothing but stare as the room darkens. 
In the spot underneath the Saint’s picture, there’s a white flash, then a circle of light, like as if it were illuminated by a searchlight. 
A faint crackling sounds, and Mia sees a cherry-sized bubble, a red bubble floating, hovering up from the brown hardwood floor, the bubble then expanding and eclipsing the circle of light, giving it the appearance of a blood sun. 
The bubble pops, with an angry clapping sound, like a balloon bursting, and the bubble breaks into a million droplets of dark red liquid that hang in the air and then solidify, constituting a smallish form that plunges to the floor, like it was thrown out of the window of a high-rise building. 
Landing with a thump on the floor, the figure, at first, appears to be a doll in a red dress, but then Mia can see that it is clearly a baby, an infant, in red diapers. It is a chubby, pale child with cherubic cheeks and wispy strands of blond hair.
The baby has a face that looks familiar. A nose she’s seen. Eyes that are a shade of sea blue. She’s seen that face. She knows that face.  
The baby on the floor sits perched on all fours. It has thin red lips that twist into a smile. It then emits a vacuum sound, a mechanical, whirring suck. A sound that is inhuman.  
The inhuman sound, the twisted smile scares her. She’s unsettled, and something gnaws at her, deep inside her, like she’d swallowed a live rat. She feels like that, like there’s a rodent alive, inside her guts, eating into the pit of her stomach. A rush of acid pushes up at her throat. She feels sick. She too smells a burning stink, like garbage being burned, like plastic on fire. 
The stench cuts into her. The stink sharp as a saw. And the baby remains on all fours, staring at her, its sparkling blue eyes with a baleful, ominous presence. 
Then the baby stands to its tiny feet. Its feet look like clumps of skin. Mia can’t see that the baby has toes. The baby has what might be hooves. The baby giggles and shifts its gaze to the wall. 
It moves. The infant launches itself, slinks with the agility of a small beast and then runs through the wall, disappearing for a second, only to reappear, hanging from a noose, from the ceiling, the baby’s face in a mask of agony, like a sad clown. 
The noose knotting the baby’s neck is not actually a rope but instead is a blood-dripping umbilical cord that then shapeshifts into a live, slithering green snake. 
The snake’s body is looped in a knot around the baby’s neck, and the snake is dangling the baby. The baby is wheezing like an emphysema patient, then starts shrinking, smaller and smaller, finally forming into another cherry-sized red bubble, this one like an embryo, that then pops. 
And when the red bubble pops, the snake hanging from the ceiling melts, dripping like candle wax, falling, slowly, from the ceiling, then forming into an effervescent stream, a neon cord, of an almost supernova brilliance, that then launches itself, touches like a bolt of lightning into Mia’s cell phone. 
The phone lights up in an effulgent haze, sizzles for a split second, and Mia and her friend are then unfrozen, reanimated. 
Mia finds herself again sitting on the bed. She’s trembling. A cold sweat is slicked over her skin, the sweat sticky on her limbs. 
Then Mia stutters to ask Lisa, in a throaty, shaky voice, “Did you, you, um, s..s..see, anything, just now?”
Her friend, squatting, and examining the wall, rises, shakes her head, replies, with a quizzical expression, her upper lip curling, “See something? Like what? Oh-my-God, did you see something? Like, what? What? What is it? What did you see?” Lisa’s eyes light up, and she’s panning excitedly about the room, whips out her phone and flicks the camera on…
Mia then notices Lisa’s nose isn’t bleeding. 
Terror seizes Mia; chills barb up her spine; tears fill her eyes.  
“I think I’m leaving. I’m going back to school. TONIGHT,” Mia exclaims, emphatically, grabbing her backpack and storming out of the room. 
“Mia!” Lisa calls after her, “WAIT!” Lisa stands stoically, lowers her phone to her hip, as if returning a gun to a holster.  
Mia stops for a second in the doorway, looks over her shoulder. Her face contorts in anger, blazes sunset red. She sighs loudly, then speaks in a combative tone, seethes, “Look, you got your pictures. You visited the ‘haunted fucking funeral home.’ This place totally freaks me out. After dinner, I am gone.”
Lisa has never seen Mia like this. She’s never seen her so pissed off. She replies, in a whispering, syrupy tone, “It’s okay, I understand. But please, tell me what you saw. Did you see a ghost? What was it? The girl? It was the girl, wasn’t it?”
Mia rolls her eyes, shakes her head and stomps off in a huff.  
“Mia, wait, you forgot your phone!” yells Lisa. 
Mia doesn’t reply and vanishes into the hallway. 
Mia then finds herself crossing into the dining room but doesn’t even recall stepping down the stairs. Her thoughts flash, backward in time, and traumatic images are dealt, like tarot cards. These thoughts popping up, these are the thoughts she attempts to repress… She thinks to herself how she’s never told anyone about that, about what happened with… that joker, the aspiring standup comedian, the witty guy from that party, the guy with the oily mop of hair and the mouth that wouldn’t shut… 
She’d suppressed and buried everything about… that snowy, muddy, ugly morning… 
About the clinic and its emptiness, its sterile smell… 
And she wasn’t ever going to tell anyone. Not now. Not ever. Not even her best friend. 
It was a ghost she’d live with for the rest of her life. It was a ghost she’d always keep to herself. It was a ghost she’d take to her grave. 

Dinner:

Mia, Lisa, Jim, Kyle, and Susan are in the dining room. It’s a cavernous room, a dimly lit room with a high ceiling. Its walls are painted a strange banana yellow. 
Susan stares blankly at the wall, and then ponders that every room in the house, even the hallways are painted various, mismatching colors; most of the colors aesthetically repugnant too. The color scheme is so off-putting, so woeful that she wonders if it’s deliberate, an attempt to intimidate or repel souls, living or dead.  
In the center of the room there’s a ridiculously long black marble topped dinner table that has big brass candelabras on the tabletop. Susan has no intention to light the candles. There’s nothing romantic or special about this room, or this house, she thinks. 
Susan flicks her gaze and sees the murdered family’s portrait, an oil painting, hanging on the wall, but it disappears in seconds, and only a mottled spot of shadowy wall remains…
Awkwardly, they sit down to the absurdly long table, and a little chill blows in through the doorway, darkening the room. A hazy red cloud, about the size of an orb, appears over Jim’s head, like a halo, and Susan gapes at it, loses her breath. But the cloud disappears in seconds and Susan convinces herself it’s something to do with the porous lighting.   
Susan had wanted to cook shrimp and spaghetti but had no mood for cooking and instead ordered pizzas.
Slices of pizza are distributed by Susan, and the family eats silently, each of them fastened to their phones, except for Jim, who taps his thick mangled fingers at his tablet. The family is a set of fixtures, all staring solemnly at their squares of light. 
The only topic of discussion that arises is when Jim lifts his huge head, sniffs and mentions the burning smell. Susan replies that an incineration plant is close by. Jim denies that’s possible. He says he scouted the area. That there’s no incineration plant. 
Susan opens a map on her phone, shows it to him. Jim retorts that the plant is too far off. It’s miles away. 
“The weather patterns, dear,” she avers, before reaching for another slice of the pepperoni pizza. 
“Damn weather patterns…” grumbles Jim, crinkling his nose and snorting. An intense hush of silence ensues. 

Night and Day:

Mia and Lisa leave after dinner. Mia, taciturn, mentioning something about an exam she’d forgotten. Quick hugs and goodbyes are exchanged before the pair’s hasty departure back to school. 
The house seemingly shushes quiet once the front door clicks behind them.
The night is quiet too, blissfully uneventful, for Jim. He loves the quiet. The absence of sound. The older he gets, the more he appreciates the clean beauty, the purity of silence… 
His new neighborhood is wonderfully quiet, save for the occasional trundle of a passing semitruck from the highway nearby, and the chirping crickets.  
Gazing from the bathroom window, into the misty night, Jim can spot a singular star hanging meekly in the gusty, dark sky. Lowering his eyes, he recognizes the patterned light of the city. He knows and hates the city. He knows that everything is in motion. But here, in this house, it’s quiet as outer space. 
Jim opens a drawer and picks out a bottle, twists the lid open, and shakes out and eats a handful of white pills. The pills’ bitter taste is replaced by mint as Jim brushes his teeth and tenses up, suddenly worrying for a second that his teeth are missing and that his electric toothbrush is tickling bare gums, empty tooth sockets. 
Jim spits out the foamy white toothpaste into the sink. It swirls like a raging sea, twirls and spins into the drain. But he sees no blood or lost teeth. This calms him. Yawning his mouth into the mirror, he sees his bleached white choppers are still intact, and his serenity is restored. 
He blinks, then finds himself under the weight of blankets. The silk sheets kiss feathery to his skin, and he worms in the bed, tosses his head back, and rests his hard skull into the foam memory pillow. Then he drifts off, warmly, into the undercurrents of a deep black watery sleep.

There’s a roaring crowd in his ears, a white noise that fades as he wakes. He figures it was another football dream that’s gladly been forgotten...   
Jim rises, lifts his heavy bones and tight limbs, pushes out of bed. 
It’s cold in the morning. The heating in the house must be on the fritz. He gazes out the bedroom’s floor to ceiling windows and sees the sky is the color of cream. A touch a white frost sits on a cluster of reddish leaves hanging from a nearby oak tree.
Jim is first to wake, as usual. He trudges into the bathroom and sees himself, naked, in the mirror over the sink. He looks so old, he thinks. His face is a cold web of creased skin. There are white hairs growing on his chest. There are even white hairs on his balls. And his penis, once so virile, hangs limp and lifeless, like a dead bird. 
He’s old, and he’s battered. Gazing at his numerous scars from surgeries, he sees the scars running deep, like ski tracks in fresh snow. 
Mechanically he brushes his teeth, shaves, washes his face. Steams surrounds his hulking body in the shower. Holding soap, he doesn’t remember stepping in the shower, but the massage jets and the rain shower, the hot water blasting and cascading at and over his skin feel soothing. The liquid heat loosens his tight, old man muscles. 
He doesn’t remember toweling off. But he’s dry, naked, and limping into the bedroom. He then thinks he hears the distant sound of a ukulele. The ukulele being played in horrendous, tone deaf fashion, more slapped than played, but the sound soon disappears. 
He grimaces and bends and steps into his typical designer label, business casual attire, which today is a white open collared button-down dress shirt, stiffly creased black slacks, blue wool socks and light brown leather wingtips that gleam, hint of wealth. He looks himself over in the closet’s mirror, smooths his shirt, nods somberly…  
His wife is curled into a ball of sleep. The tip of her head, a tangle of flocculent blond locks jut out from underneath the covers. He considers kissing her goodbye, but his knee seizes up with a sharp sting. He lumbers back to the bathroom, where he again hears the ukulele, this time louder, and sounding even worse.
Jim pulls open the drawer under the sink, where he’s started a pharmacy, and he picks out one of the many pill bottles, screws open the lid and shakes out three little white circles and tosses them into his mouth. 
He chews the bitter medicine and again laments his reflection in the bathroom mirror. His face, once so young, vigorous and alive, appears so sullen, his skin loose, droopy, dripping like candle wax. There are dark halfmoon semicircles under his eyes. He sees the lines in his forehead deeper and thicker than he can ever remember. Crow’s feet are forming at the edges of his eyeballs. Even in the soft lighting of the early morning, he’s repulsed by his aged appearance. 
He’s only 46. “It’s not that old. I shouldn’t look like this,” he mumbles to himself over the din of the terrible fucking ukulele. If he ever finds the asshole playing that ukulele, he might throw him through a wall… 
Ack. 46. He’s 46. And at only 46, he’s retired. At only 46, his knees crack and pop and sting, and the nerves in his joints shoot lightning. At only 46, he forgets names more than he used to. He’s only 46. Dammit, 46. But he feels far older.  
The horrid ukulele music stops. Thank God. Jim gathers himself. He has an urge to smash the mirror. But then the pills power and flow beautifully into his bloodstream. There’s a second of calm. Merciful calm. 
He moves. But then his head throbs and beats, curdles his blood. He hangs his head to the black granite countertop, over the deep brass sink, with its matching horse head water taps. 
He twists on the faucet, splashes ice cold water on his face. He then looks up to the mirror, and it appears that he’s thrown battery acid on his face. His face is disfigured, skin hanging yellow, red and raw from his cheeks and jawbones. He sees the skin of his palms has been eviscerated. He can see through the broken skin of his hands, down to the heavy gray bone. 
The air evacuates his lungs. Hairs on the back of his neck stir. He wants to cry out but is choked by air. His mouth feels stuffed with cotton. He closes his eyes, tenses up his muscles, and once more he hears a faint plucking of the ukulele. 
Opening his eyes, his old man face has returned. It’s back to its usual old man ugliness. Gray is striping the sides of his head. His temples are near totally gray. 
The ukulele growing louder in his ears, he twitches, grabs his electric razor and cuts his sideburns super-short to rid at least a portion of his visibly gray temples. Then he dusts off his head and face, washes the salt and pepper hair particles down the sink… 
He’s off to start his day. Trudging, moving slowly, like he’s walking in sand. The fucking ukulele still ringing in his ears.   
Groggily, he lumbers through the bedroom and into the slanted hallway. The color of the hallway appears puke pink. He remembers it being blue, sea-blue. He spots the houseplant and flowers his wife had placed on an antique armoire in the hallway. 
Yesterday the flowers and plant were fresh, yellow and green. Already, now, they’re withered and dead, a mess of twisted brown coils. 

Jim limps down the stairs, trudges to the kitchen. The kitchen is still white. A bright white. An almost iridescent color, so shiny it hurts his eyes. The walls glint and sparkle like diamonds, and Jim squints his eyelids defensively. 
A dull, metallic drone from the kitchen’s appliances creates a collective hum, and its resonant buzz is awakening. Then the aroma of freshly made coffee meets, tickles at his nostrils. The familiar matutinal fragrance uplifts and works to tug Jim from out of his tunnel of sleep.    
Jim finds his breakfast has been made for him and sits into a stool beside the kitchen island and eats his typical quick breakfast- a bowl of sliced fruit, lightly buttered slices of toast, a granola bar, a tall glass of whole milk and a steaming cup of instant coffee that’s strong, bitter and black.  
As he eats, the ukulele finally ceases. “Next motherfucker in a hula skirt,” he mumbles…
On his phone, he peruses the news headlines, then looks at the markets, the DJI, Nasdaq, and checks on his portfolio, or what’s left of it, a pittance…  

Sports Talk Radio:

The hum of the kitchen rises, like a volume button was pressed. Jim pans his gaze and bulges his eyes as a wall in the kitchen forms into a flat screen television, a floor to wall screen. An image of Jim broadcasts, an image of Jim in his younger days, of Jim reading a newspaper, the sports page, by his indoor pool. Watching the wall, Jim’s jaw drops, and he stares at the picture, hypnotized… 
Jim used to read the sports pages, religiously, back when he was playing, even against the advice of coaches about “not reading your press clippings.” But he wouldn’t read everything; he wouldn’t read anything in praise. He’d only read the bad stuff, the criticism. It motivated him, hearing what some sports talk jackoff would say. 
Oh, how he hates the sports talk radio jackoffs…
Jim remembers Jeremy Green, who’d hosted a popular radio show, and had bashed one of Jim’s teammates, relentlessly. Jim remembers the morning he read the news that Jeremy Green had been arrested, caught smoking crack while looking at child porn in a hotel room and was even tracked in an online sting, trying to arrange sex with a toddler. 
That’s what these guys are, Jim thinks. Jim believes that, deep-down, all the sports talk radio jerkoffs are fucking crack smoking pedos… Jim wonders how many of these other animals were up to even worse…  
Jim Rome most of all. That is the guy he hates most. He fucking just loathes that weasel. He wishes he could tear off Jim Rome’s limbs and leave him a limbless stump of a man, then kick the bloody limbless torso off into the horizon, like he was punting a football. 
He would cut out or print out the crap Jim Rome or Stephen A. Smith and other sports talk dumbasses would write or say, post the clippings in his locker, read them before practices, workouts, gamedays.  
These days, though, he doesn’t read much of that garbage. Why would he? It only reminds him of that Super Bowl he lost. It only digs up memories and skeletons and flings bones at his face. Reminds him of... 
But this morning, there was no suppressing the memories being broadcast and flickering in front of his face. Fragments of time, in black and white, animated memories, like zombies from old horror films, were rising from their psychic graves. 
Jim sits in a trance, his eyes glued to the wall. The screen on the wall shows black and white images from the past, from sports talk radio shows, and Jim shakes with anger. His teeth clench. 
He sees the stupid fucking faces of those blowhards, the fat, balding middle-aged men rambling and arguing about pro athletes, kids half their age. 
Jim boils in rage. His anger a thermal shock, overcoming him, cascading in pyroclastic currents.  
He sees the sports page columnists for what they are. Losers. Fucking losers. Failed players. Guys who could never do what he did and yet had the nerve to criticize and ridicule him. Jim seethes, his jaw quivers. He fucking hates those sport talk blowhards. He fucking hates them.  
“The crack smoking pedophiles! Damn them! Damn them all!!” Jim imprecates. His blood boiling, he shakes with primal rage. 
He always hated the pedos. He was always weary of them. But he appreciated and understood that they helped sell merchandise, tickets, and drive TV ratings. He always knew that it’s a business; it’s economics. He knew these are cogs in the machine. They are playing their role. 
But he’d never hated them more than now. Now, what role do they play for him? What role are they serving? They aren’t making him money anymore. They aren’t motivating him. They are only tormenting him. They are only swiping his Ouija board, reanimating his mental ghosts.  
The more he sees of them, the more he seethes. On the wall, he watches sports talk radio shitheads, slimy weasels like Jim Rome, Clay Travis, and Stephen A. Smith. Stephen Asshole Smith is wiggling his eyebrows up and down, and pointing, snorting and laughing at Jim. 
Jim pictures gouging out Stephen A. Smith’s eyeballs. With his fingernails. Fucking jabbing and digging his fingernails into Stephen A’s face. Then scooping Stephen A’s squishy eyeballs out of Stephen A’s stupid fucking skull, and dropping trou and pissing on Stephen A’s stupid fucking puffy face and pissing a hot yellow stream into Stephen A’s stupid fucking empty eye sockets…
Jim hears the sports talk radio shit-burglars, their voices raised. The frequencies perturbing every essence of his soul. Those idiots! Those fools! Arguing about a sport most of them never played professionally. Those losers yapping about 20-year-old kids, kids who get more done, make more money, and are better people than any of those writers or loudmouths!
Jim sees one of his favorite quotes, in flashing red letters, on the wall: “The answer to all your questions is money.” 
Those sports talk guys are doofuses, sure, but they are performers. They are jesters, clowns. They are just playing their role in the circus. Jim’s anger settles slightly. But then returns with vengeance when the screen on the wall swirl fades into black and white images of fans at pro football games. 
The fans… The jabbering throngs…
Jim recalls how much he looks down on middle-aged and old guy sports fans. He considers them the worst of the worst, the biggest losers of them all.    
At least the sports talk hacks, idiots on ESPN, the idiot Colin Cowherd and his ilk, some of those buffoons get paid millions to talk their drivel. They get paid millions to run their stupid mouths, flap their gums, incessantly, about NFL quarterbacks and coaches and such... 
But what about those losers who call into the sports talk radio shows? Those middle-aged men who’d wear a player’s jersey? A 50-year-old man wearing a 24-year-old running back’s jersey, what is that? A 40-year-old man who paints his face in the team colors or logo? How about those mouth-breathing morons calling into sports talk radio shows, stuttering and saying, “Well, w…w…what I think the Eagles should do…” 
On the wall is a grayscale picture of a fat middle-aged loser, pacing a shitty, tiny apartment, wearing an all-pro linebacker’s jersey, and hollering into his phone’s wiry headset. His head bobs and hangs and he’s ripping rancid farts and reading off a script of chicken-scratch scrawled in a wrinkly notebook that he’s clutching in his greasy, stubby, trembling hands, and he’s berating a fan of another team, who’s just another loser.  
What a bunch of losers! Didn’t they have anything better to do with their lives and time? Jim always pitied them, but it’s worse to witness the guy in his habitat, his crappy little apartment. Jim can imagine how awful the fan’s apartment smells, like something between foot fungus, farts, and feces, and how the apartment probably has cockroaches crawling all over the sports memorabilia and posters, cockroaches racing up the moldy, stinky walls…
Then Jim can see an image of his team’s locker room. He smells the sweat, the spray-on deodorant, cologne, hair gel. The smell of men, the smell of alpha-males. He sees his teammates laughing and pointing at panoramic shots of NFL fans on TV screens that are chained to the locker room’s ceiling. 
They would never say it to the media, never say it outside the locker room, but he and his teammates would look down on the loser fans, laugh at them. Their coaches would scold them about it, sometimes, saying how the media would slaughter them for that “kind of talk.” But Jim and his teammates would still do it.  
The women, though, the attractive young ones, at the games, the NFL groupies, them, the players liked, for obvious reasons… He studies their colorful pictures on the wall, IG selfies, smiling ladies at the bars. The ladies in miniskirts waiting outside hotels. The succulent ladies in whore-paint, creeping through hallways, crawling up fire escapes, slipping into players’ hotel rooms, in the dark cloak of night, like big-tit ninjas.
And the kids, too, he sees their glowing images in slide shows. The cute kids. The players liked the kids. They liked playing for the kids. All the guys loved the kids. They’d grumble among themselves about making those depressing hospital visits to sick kids, but mostly, they adored the cute little rascals in the stands. They loved throwing balls to them and signing autographs for the kids, seeing them look up to you, being their hero. 
Jim’s eyes fix on flickering images of himself as a kid. He gazes at himself, watching TV, idolizing Brett Favre, John Elway, Anthony Munoz, guys from that era. He watches himself watch highlight footage of Elway’s helicopter dive in the Super Bowl and then sees himself, as a kid, jumping to his feet, in his bright orange Broncos pajamas, in his bedroom, screaming and punching at the air. 
Jim then watches footage, grainy tape of his high school football days. 
Like most kids, he originally wanted to be a quarterback, a gunslinger like Favre, but he had grown so big, so quickly, that by middle school, when he was already 6’0 and pushing 200 pounds, he’d been placed on the o-line, sent to the trenches. And he loved it. He’d taken to the position, played guard, tackle, and relished the animalistic nature of it, the constant violence, and was exalted at being able to legally pummel, beat the shit out of other human beings. 
With his size, tenacity, and smarts, he’d dominate, light up linebackers, lay d-lineman on their backs. Bashing, beating back the opposition, he’d feel like a lion dominating the Sahara, like a big rig in a demolition derby. 
Yes, sure, it was dirty, thankless work, but knowing he was part of the gears that made the offense run, seeing his quarterback’s jersey sparkling clean or getting a fist-bump from a running back after a big gain, and most importantly, winning games, cashing big checks, that was all the affirmation, adulation he’d ever needed. 
Jim views highlight reels of his college and pro years, his best blocks, his teams’ most notable victories, then sees himself slapping five with his teammates. He’s entranced with his image, himself in the prime of his life. Himself, a specimen of peak human ability. Himself, alive and strong, in his uniform, pads and cleats. 
Then he watches himself morph back into an 11-year-old child. He’s in his backyard, running suicide sprints, and then he sees himself back in his bedroom, with his football posters, football pictures cut from newspapers and magazines covering every inch of the walls. His eyes are glued to a tiny TV on his writing desk. He’s in a Favre jersey and black sweatpants and is screaming at a Packers’ game, cheering on Favre. He’s smiling, ear to ear, and the tiny screen on his desk zooms forth, enlarges to cover the wall. 
The picture shows Lambeau Field, the frozen tundra. Favre, under center, has a taut neck, mischievous smirk, and a canny, calculating shrewdness flickering in his eyes. Flurries, strands of snow frame him like a snow globe. Swinging his head, from side to side, he barks the pre-snap call, then summons the ball. 
Dropping back, Favre cocks his throwing arm, as if angling a missile launcher, and unlooses a buckshot of leather, the ball exploding from his hand, ascending in a perfect spiral, the ball gliding beautifully through the snow, rising and falling like a parabola. 
The precision-guided pigskin then lands, strikes a wide-open Andre Rison, right on his front numbers. Rison, legs pumping, moving like twin pistons, gallops valiantly across the goal line, then tosses the TD ball to a bright-eyed, ruddy-faced kid in the crowd… 
Yeah, the kids are alright... 
But not the “fans.” The fans’ images return. The buffoons. The middle-aged suburban, fat baldies. Those guys are scum, Jim thinks. And they’ll turn on you in an instant. They don’t care if you’re in the hospital, pissing blood. They just want to be entertained. 
Raw video footage runs of a time when a young wide receiver on his team took a scary spill, diving for a ball and landing, vertically, piledriving into the turf, injuring his neck. 
The dude lies crumpled, motionless on the field, and Jim is jogging over to lend him a hand, but is stopped by the coaching staff, who are panicked, faces masked in terror. 
Jim wasn’t close to the receiver, but liked him, respected him, and had seen the dude’s young wife and cute 2-year-old kid once at practice. 
And here the dude is, on the field, motionless. The medical team rushes out there, fits the dude into a protective plastic casting, and wheels him off the field in a cart, then carries him on a stretcher into a waiting ambulance. 
Jim studies that footage, that game. He remembers. He remembers being back there. With his teammates, kneeling on the cold wet grass, his helmet lying on the ground next to him. Everyone on Jim’s team is dead silent. The opposing team, too, those guys, some of whom Jim knew, are silent, shaking their heads. Guys from both teams make prayer circles, hold hands, kneel on one knee, and pray. 
And what about the “fans”? Jim watches those assholes cheering when the dude dives, takes the awkward spill. As the dude is sprawled out, immobile, looking like he might die, the “fans” at the game, from the stands, are yelling curse words at the fallen player, hollering the worst things you could ever say, one shouting something about, “I hope you get a comfy wheelchair!” 
Jim is disgusted. At the time, he was only in his second year and didn’t have much of an opinion about the crowds. In college, many were his classmates, and hot babes. Fans at opposing colleges were usually just churlish, at worst, and often comical in their abuse, and Jim had enjoyed their boos, knowing it meant his side was succeeding. But this, however, is different. But this, this is reprehensible. That soggy afternoon, that game changes him, makes Jim truly despise the fans, in a visceral way, and it’s a feeling that lingers and only intensifies... 
If that wide receiver hadn’t recovered, fortunately, and played again, Jim might have murdered someone, he thinks. For real. He is once more... full… churning… riven with revulsion... Burning with hate…
Hate, a black mass of hate. A black screen washes over the wall. Then the wall forms into a mirror and Jim sees himself sitting in the kitchen, a gloomy old man, in front of a steaming cup of coffee. Jim rests his eyes, listlessly, at his own reflection. 
Then he feels only hate. And he hates himself, the old man in the mirror, more than anything…
But then he exhales, loosens up. He smiles at himself, a goofy, toothy grin. 
He is secretly happy none of his kids were athletes. He probably wouldn’t have stopped any of his kids from playing football. But he wouldn’t wish the way he woke up feeling, every day, on anyone. He wouldn’t wish the animosity he feels... At least his kids didn’t have to be him…
The walls shift back to white and Jim notices there’s the burning garbage smell again, which squelches Jim’s appetite. He rises from the stool, flings the remainder of his food in the garbage. Then he closes his phone, dumps the rest of his coffee in the sink. After dumping the coffee, he sees the dishes are gone. Perhaps he’d already placed them in the dishwasher. He can’t remember. 
But he feels better. 
His body is looser, less painful. The pills are in full swing, coursing through his bloodstream, easing his worn joints. 
Then he’s in his long black leather jacket, the Terminator style trench coat, and is out the door, intrepidly, and is moving quicker and easier. Then he’s in the driveway, peering up at the sky. It’s cleared up and is blue, bluer than a swimming pool, Jim ponders. 
Perhaps the day will be different. It’ll be a success. His heartbeat slows. A tranquility and warmth overtake him. But when he opens the car door, though, he’s in for a surprise. 

Junior 2:

“Hey buddy, what you ain’t?” asks Junior, leaning sideways in the backseat. Junior’s in his Chargers uniform, cleats and everything. But no helmet. The bullet hole and black hole in his chest remain, however, cut between the number 55. 
The mere vision of Junior in the backseat of the car sucks the air from Jim’s lungs, causes Jim to have gooseflesh, the hair on his neck prickling in a morbid electric shock. 
Jim presses his eyes closed, for a second, sees stars colliding, exploding and ending in infinite darkness. 
Opening his eyes, Jim fixes his eyes at his rearview mirror. It’s empty. But he can spot a clear indentation in the peanut butter colored leather backseat. A clear outline of a massive man. 

The car in motion, Jim is driving. “Rusty Cage” by Soundgarden is blasting from the Porsche’s Burmeister surround sound stereo system. 
“… hit me with a hand of broken nails…”
The howling vocals and supersonic guitar focuses, uplifts Jim, and he fixes his eyes on the road. 
Then, inside the car, he smells sweat, a salty, musky smell. He knows the smell. It’s like a locker room. It’s thick in the air, filling his nostrils. His nostrils flare; for a second, he almost forgets what he’s doing and nearly swerves off the road, collides with a yellow “SCHOOL XING” traffic sign. 
But he shakes his head, trembles, gathers himself, jerks and steadies the steering wheel. He glances back in the rearview mirror and sees Junior again. The tip of Junior’s skull has been sliced off and his brain is exposed. Junior’s brain looks like oatmeal mixed with raspberry jam.  
Jim cringes, shifts his eyes back to the road. Although mortified, he can’t resist the impulse to check the rearview again. And he does. Curling his upper lip, he peeks back up, sees Junior, still there. Junior’s staring at him with intention. 
Junior’s brain stirs, animates, and twists into a nest of slithery white snakes, swirling and active, dueling and hissing at one another, like Medusa’s hair. Jim snaps his mouth shut, gulps, and looks back to the road. He refocuses his attention on his driving, on traffic, on the whites of the lines in the road and the cars passing by. He turns up the stereo. He tells himself that it’s not real. It’s not real…
“Who I Ain’t,” the country song, cuts in and over Soundgarden. The awful song begins playing, befuddling Jim. Jim hates country music. He attempts to change the station. But he can’t. The song is on every station on the dial. Jim clicks off the radio, pulls over to the side of the road, into the breakdown lane. He opens the glove compartment, extracts a bottle of pills, twists off the cap, shakes out two white ovals.  
The car’s windshield is a bright box of gold, the sun so dazzlingly iridescent. The sun’s winking rays are flaming arrows shot at his eyes, and Jim squints and his eyeballs burn and his head starts to throb in painful pulses. An uppercut of vertigo rocks his equilibrium.
Despite the Porsche’s windows being closed, a gust of cold wind roars from the backseat and beats at his neck. Then his forehead thumps like it’s being beaten with a hammer. The smell of sweat grows stronger. He hears Junior sing, in a terribly off-key squeal, “Turn from the Bible with a bottle in my hand…”
Jim grinds his teeth, shakes his head. Then he slaps the pills into his mouth, bites into them, enjoying their tangy bitterness. A solitary tear streaks down his quivering face. He peers back to the rearview, which is again empty, and he screams, “You broke the hearts of angels… YOU BROKE THE HEARTS OF ANGELS…”
A truly euphoric rush of oxycodone enters his bloodstream, pumping through his veins. He’s calmed. His pulse slows. His breathing steadies. He gathers himself. Everything is okay. “Everything is okay,” he whispers to himself. He forgets the visions, the pain, and shifts his attention to his presentation, the important investor, the Saudi. The injection of cash, the investment group…




Abdullah bin Salam al-Haran Mohammed Akbar, “Al” (sic):

“America is like a big pussy waiting to be fuck.” 
Those words came from movie Scarface. I watch American movies and TV nonstop when I was kid. I am still do. 
Of course, most of people in my country cannot watch a lot of the TV, or get in limited amounts, but my family, we have satellite dish with over 1000 channels. We saw everything. We watch the WWE wrestling, gangster rapping music video, drama, the action movie; anything American that came on and was exciting, we are watch, me and friends.
My friends were the other rich kids. We grew in palaces, literal palaces. Houses the size of shopping mall. Our parents were gone most of times. We were raised by syndicates of maids, butlers, tutors. And the TV. American TV, lots and lots of the American TV. The American TV was our favorite. 
As kid, I probably should have be grateful for tremendous wealth I had. But I was not. Truth is, I always was depressed. I watch many those TV shows, particularly the Vampire Diary and Beverly Hill 90210. I saw the kids outside having fun. The kids going prom. Boy and girl. Together. That was not like me or my school life. 
Growing up, girl, real living girl, were not part of life. I never met girl outside of family, and even they were keep away. Even my sister, a year younger me, was keep in other wing of our estate. Sometimes I watch her from far. She was first girl I saw, outside of TV, girl not in a headscarf or veil. I watch her at family meals, at women’s table, in other dining room. I catch quick glimpse her. 
Not having access to the girl make them mysterious creature to us. Perhaps this is why I enjoyed the American TV shows. The American show had many girl, girl without veils, girl in the tight clothing, girl in bikini! When I was beginning certain thoughts of girl, at age of 12, and I saw the Baywatch, I have these feelings, these burning urge. I had stiffness under my robes. 
There was time, watch Pamela Anderson, in her bikini, and I could not look away from her breasts. Her breasts were like the juicy sugar mountain. Her breasts were like the sweet balloons. They were unspeakably beautiful. I was overjoyed. I pause the TV. I looked the breasts. I become hot all over. I was stiffness. Terribly, terribly stiffness. 
Then I ran to bathroom, undid my robe, and let my stiffness hang in air. Then I closed my eyes, touched and stroked the little brother. It was magnificent. I thought of the girl on beach. The girl in red bikini. Their large breasts bouncing up and down. My little brother waste no time in joyously puking into toilet. I was very happy at this time. I remain very happy to see the large breasts.  
It was as if every American girl had the big bouncing breasts. I decided that I really liked the big bouncing breast. I still very much like the big breast and enjoy to see the breasts doing bounce. 
If only the big bouncing breasts existed in my world! But they did not. The only women I watch were in robes, loose robes. Even home, my father’s wives wear robes, veils, and headscarf. 
Outside, in town, when I would be drive to school, I would see women from the window, women in their robes. Women in the hot of desert sun. I would stare at the women. I would wonder if underneath the robes they have the big breasts. If their breasts would bounce as the Baywatch breasts. I would stiffness, thinking they did. I would wish to see, wish to run up to woman, lift up robe and inspect the breasts. But I never do this. Of course no. 
The laws in my country are very strict about sex. Many beheadings I saw had to do with sex. Many beheaded criminals were being homosexuals. 
The beheadings, in my town, are weekly event, and I can memorize them, since I am remember. 
The convicted are brought out to town square, in front of courthouse. The criminals are cursed by crowd people. Food will sometimes toss at them. The criminals’ hand behind back, they are kneel down, give final prayers to Allah, and then their necks are placed to hang over wooden block. The swordsman will then swing his crescent blade, with a tremendous precision, and criminal’s head fall into basket below. Then the headless body squirting and gushing blood and the crowd people cheering and thanking, praising Allah. 
(Once a homosexual’s head missed this basket. The head flew like cannon ball into crowd people where it was spit on before policemen ran over and gathered the rolling head. My brother make joke that we should collected the head and play soccer with it. I have heard of severed goat’s head used for the playing of polo game in other country.)
On weeks without have death sentence, there at times be a thief, bring up, in the similar fashion, to have his hand severed by swordsman. The thief would have mouth gagged so as not to being loud. 
It every week was thief or homosexual, in town square. 
I was always taught how disgusting homosexuals are, what Allah’s punishments are for the homosexual. 
But I never considered what we do, as kids, to be the homosexual. 
The homosexual was two men spitting in Allah’s face, I think. Not what we do. But later I am learn. Later I am regret and ask forgive.
It was at age 13 when we begin to do this things. There is young dainty boy in our class who born to family of lower status. His father was government official of some sort and because of this he was allowed enroll in school of us.  
The boy was smaller than us, shorter, thinner, and weakly. He have big lips and long eyelashes and very slender frame. He also very effeminate. He act like a girl, in his manners, or it was what we thought girl would act, from what we seen on TV. He was delicate and scare easily, walked with certain sway to his hips. 
The more we watch him, the more he became girl to us. We started to tease him, call him girl. He never spoke back. He never struck up for himself. Once, friend of mine, Mohammed, bigger boy than me, very tall and fat, and with beginnings of beard, punched this girl-boy in the arm, before class, and the girl-boy did not make the retaliate. 
Later in that day, during the break time, before our English lessons, while most of other students and teachers was in prayers, Mohammed passed by me in hallway, nodded me to follow him. He led me into bathroom, where the girl-boy was behind urine. 
Mohammed pulled up robe, revealing his heavy stiffness and he seizes hold of the girl-boy, shoved the girl-boy, face first, into the corner, and pulled up girl-boy’s robe and began to have the sex, placing his stiffness into the girl-boy’s behind. 
The girl-boy let out horrible squealing sound, as if animal being killed, but Mohammed covered the mouth and threated to strangle and kill. 
Then Mohammed allow me have the sex with the girl-boy. And I did. It was very pleasurable. The girl-boy’s behind was exceptionally soft and warm and superior to my own touching and stroking. I was enjoyed having this sex very much.  
Once, every school day, a pair of us, sometimes 4 or 5, would either follow the girl-boy to bathroom or drag him in there ourselves to have the sex. At first, the girl-boy put up lame attempts at resist, slapping and scratching at us with his long fingernails, but he was every time easily overpower. And later, the girl-boy went along with it. He did not make the complain.  
We never consider this being homosexual. We were thought of it as girl, as our girl. I was thought of Baywatch when I had the sex. I would imagination grab the buttocks is holding the breasts. 
At end of the school year, the girl-boy left, went to other school, I believe, and we move to other boy, other smaller boy, from a similar social family. 
It wasn’t until I was 18 that I finally got to have the sex with 100% real lady. My friend Jabbar had sexy maid, a Filipina, only a couple year older than us. He have the sex with her. He place blade at her throat and have the sex with her in his room when she came clean it. 
For birthday present that year, Jabbar allow me have the sex with lady while he held blade. It was the first I had seen vagina, in the flesh, and Jabbar had to show me where to place my stiffness.  
The vagina was tremendous to sex. It was very wet, very slippery, smooth, and easy to insert, unlike the girl-boys, who were dry slashes unless we used the oils or were next in queue.  
The maid, an attractive little woman, with the very long black hair and the very small breast, cried and whimpered a lot more than the girl-boys in the school. Jabbar said she did not cry much anymore when he had sex with her but when I did, it was wah-wah-wah. Afterward, he say that would be the only time I could have her, and I thank him by buying to him cheetah kitten as pet.  
Yes, I very liked the sex with the girl-boys and the maid, but I longed for the real relations. Dating. On internet, I would chat with girl. I would facetime with girl, Fatima. She was beautiful as Baywatch girl. She was Baywatch girl but with brown skin. Saudi Baywatch girl, I am think. 
She look me her breasts. They were smaller than I expect. I did not think they are bounce. But they were very round and pointy. I very like them.
She requested to see my stiffness. I looked her. It caused a giggle to eruption, and her smile was very cute, very seduction. Her lips were thin but I wanted to make kiss them. 
Then she slid off her shorts and presented me her vagina. 
It was complication, the vagina. I did not understand. I was in awe of, its magical presence on my phone, but I could not gather just what was. I have only seen Jabbar’s maid’s for quick minute as we up her robe. I never got too good look at it. 
But this vagina was there entire. It glowed my screen. It shone my hand as if a golden jewel. 
The hair in front of the vagina was bushy patch but when she move the camera downward, spreaded her legs, it was beautiful flower, this vagina. Still, I could not understand the parts. Later, I online to research it and to understand its method of operation. 
Seeing Fatima’s image make me long for a freedom. Many of classmates were go to the London, Sydney, or NYC for the college. I requested my father, to let go to the NYC and he gladly obligation. He has branch of company there and was happy me to work part-time while I am go to the college. 
Arriving in NYC, I was in a paradise. This was a paradise. I immediately dispense my robes and buy new wardrobe. Jeans, t-shirts, Western style suits. I look like a man from the TV! 
I connect with other Saudi kids my ages, and we have wild parties. We go nightclubs. We meet girl. Girl! There were many girl in the NYC! Many are of the models and inspiring actress. They are very easy to have the sex with too. They enjoy it. They do the things to me I only see in dirty film I watch online. They do the other sex things to me that I could not have imagination. 
For every girl that I have the sex with, I command to examine vagina. I look vagina, lightly poke it, lick and taste it. I will discernment vagina for minutes just watching and admiring its soft wet pink. The furry or the bald vagina is okay. But I like the vagina the does no smell of fish. I am preferring the clean, fresh vagina most.  
After the college, I went work for father’s company in the NYC but I am tire of it, fast. I am too boring be in office. I decide to hang out and travel for while. I visit many parts of globe, taking company’s private jet and seeing the many places. South America, I believe, probably are my favorite. The girl there have very large breasts and were very happy to let me look vagina. 
I have visit 82 countries and make party with rapper in L.A. who speaks of investing in him entertainment company. I major in finance but had no think of lending the money. I think I am work for one of father’s companies. But idea of beginning the investment company intriguing me, and I do it, in USA. I am investing in modeling company, sport, entertainment venture, real estate too. 
I like feeling of ownership. I like looking building and knowing I have piece of it. I like looking the rapper’s music video and knowing I help make it. 
And of course, I very like to have the sex with the model. I very very like to look the vagina. I look vagina every day.  
I love America. It very is, like Tony Montana say, “A BIG PUSSY WAITING TO BE FUCK!” America is place where you can make do what you want, if you have many money. It is place of dreams. It was my dreams and now I am living that dreams. 
What I do not like is going home, back to the Saudi Arabia. I do not even pray anymore or go to the Mosque, except when I have to go back to there. 
I do not even like to think about the Saudi Arabia. 


Mia 3:

Mia’s hair is rolled into a bun at the nape of her neck. Sitting in the driver’s seat, she’s wired stiff, her back rigid and straight as a pole. Her jaw is quivering, and she’s clutching the steering wheel so tightly that her knuckles are white. The crescents of her nails bite into her palms. 
Mia’s eyes stay fixed to the road, and she blurts out, “I am never going back there again!” Mia’s voice carries in staccato pulses over the Billie Eilish playlist pumping from the car’s stereo.
 “… so you’re a tough guy…”
Lisa lifts her head, glances at Mia and nods sheepishly, sweeps her long blond hair back behind her neck, and then lowers her gaze back to the blue glow of her phone, continues mouthing along with Billie.  
Mia’s voice is like a hammer smashing a pane of glass, shattering the friends’ uncomfortable silence. Mia had been giving the cold shoulder to Lisa. She’d been gruff, evasive, quiet as dead air since they’d left, abruptly, following dinner. 
Mia wishes to drive 5 hours back to campus, rather than stay the night in the house. She abhors that house more than anything. The house, to her, the gothic creepy thing, is no longer a structure. It is alive. It is a living, cruel reminder, exuding evil. Leaving the house, she imagined the whole building could grow legs the size of the Eiffel Tower and chase after her as she drove off, like a giant spider or like one of the hideous aliens from the War of the Worlds.  
She’d been a rational being her whole life. Never did she feel paranormal presences. Never did she entertain the thought of sinister, “evil spirits.” But there was… something… something menacing in that place. Lisa, as crazy as she seems, perhaps is right. Maybe ghosts are real... 
And now Mia wants only to flee. Getting the fuck out of there, it was the only thing she could think of during dinner.  

During dinner… The terror remained. The baby was still there. She could sense it. She knew it was staring at her, through the walls. Or perhaps it was under the floor. Maybe it could bash open a hole and crash down through the ceiling, land on the table. The living dead infant, the horrific little being rising with its solid red eyes and canine mouth. The toddler growling and pouncing on her, having its vengeance. The phantom, the undead infant morphing into a monster and eating her face like Travis the Chimp…
After all, it was her fault, right? The guilt crept back, fogging over her. It was her doing. Her demon. The baby had been sucked from her stomach. The baby squished, made into red mucus in a tube. The baby pulled from between her legs, as she sniffled and closed her eyes. 
She’d felt a part of herself die on that awful table, when her legs were spread, forced apart, in those cold metal stirrups. She’d never forget the antiseptic smell of the room, the mechanical nature of the procedure, and the singing whir of the vacuum hose, that metallic snake, with its icy mouth jabbed inside her, drinking her blood… 
The baby sucked from her stomach, red mucus in a tube... 
She wondered what happened to it, if they’d flung the fetus into a dumpster, if it was eaten by bugs and rats. 
Or worse. The baby, her baby, might have been eaten by a creepy businessman in Asia. She’d read about that somewhere, how there are creepy businessmen in China who eat “fetus soup,” a broth cooked with aborted fetuses. They believe the fetus soup gives them superhuman power… 
Whatever happened, whether or not the fetus vacuumed out of her stomach ended up on a plate in China, whether or not that was true, and, please God, she hoped it wasn’t, what she knew for sure was that the energy she’d created was real. It wouldn’t die. It would never die. And she feared it would find her. That it was after her now.  
So she’d run. She’d leave that house and never return. She’d pray the spirit stayed there. Maybe she’d find a way to let the spirit rest and find its way to God…
 
The salmon-amber glow of streetlights blackens, and on the highway, they speed through gushing rain. Howling winds batter at Mia’s Mercedes coupe, nudging the vehicle. The drumbeat of the hard rain raps at the car’s hood, and the car’s roof rattles from the deluge. The sudden rainstorm is hitting like a fist.   
Lisa hangs her face to her phone, and mumbles something about how ghosts can attach themselves to people, inanimate objects. Against Lisa’s better judgment, she jokingly mentions that she’d pocketed the phone Mia had left behind at the house.  
Mia’s eyes bulge, grow big as saucers, and she shouts, “YOU WHAT?!” 
Mia gasps. Fear seizes her, braces her like a straitjacket. Her heart races and her limbs numb. She draws in a series of deep yoga breaths to calm herself.  
It’s difficult to see the lines on the highway. The car’s windshield is a misty shadow, its wipers struggling to push away the sheets of rain. The car’s headlights are like two feeble flashlights, disappearing into darkness. 
Everything is blurry, wet with black water, dark as coal. But between the sloshing pools of water on the windshield, Mia spots a mortifying sight. Chills run through her body; her heart thumps harder. Her mouth then fills with a fluid that has the salty, iron taste of blood. But she can’t open her mouth, nor can she swallow. Her breathing failing, she blinks, flutters her eyes, hoping what she saw would disappear. 
But no. The horrific sight remains. 
On her car’s black hood, just above the Benz decal, an infant is perched on all fours. It looks like a savage beast, ready to pounce. 
It’s... Hers… Her demon… The baby from the house. It’s returned. It’s back for blood. 
Choking, Mia’s eyes bulge. Then Lisa lifts her head up from her phone, spots the baby too, and shrieks, a piercing, horror movie type of howl. 
Mia struggles to swallow the salty liquid in her mouth. The liquid then boils inside her mouth. Burning her tongue, her gums, her teeth, scalding her like she was guzzling water straight from a boiling kettle. 
Mia’s lips remained sealed. Try as she might, she can’t open them. It’s as if her lips have been stitched together.
The baby has beady little eyes that are pure red, like dots from a laser. The baby, the savage creature, stares cruelly, accusingly, at the both of them. Lisa screams again as the infant inches up closer, crawling up the hood, twisting its tiny mouth and smiling devilishly. The baby, glowing sickly white in the pouring rain, opens its jowls to reveal a mouth full of sharp teeth, like a piranha. 
Mia, in a panic, feels dizzy from a lack of oxygen and jerks the wheel to the right, hoping to pull over to the breakdown lane. 
But she neglects to notice the semitruck. 
Mia’s cute black Mercedes coupe then plows into the adjacent lane and slashes underneath the bottom of the semitruck, instantly decapitating the girls, and causing the semitruck to jackknife into a concrete median, killing the portly young truck driver, and overturning and blockading the highway in a wall of wreckage, a mangled mass of steel, shattered glass, loose tires, bloodied bodies and severed parts. Heavy rain then dimples in puddles around the carnage.
In the blinding rain and fog, oncoming cars surge and smash head-on, joining into the wreck. Another semitruck, honking up a high-pitched foghorn shriek, shoots forth, like a cruise missile, this 18-wheeler containing a payload of pigs being brought to slaughter. The truck grinds its wailing brakes, twists, and slams on its side. Several of the pigs escape the truck’s back hatch and run off squealing, galloping frantically down the dark highway.  

Susan:

When Susan wakes, the morning air is cold and spidery; the cold air combing and tickling at her sweating temples. To Susan, the bedroom appears somehow off-balance, incongruous, leaning on its side.  
She scoops up her phone from the nightstand and raises her eyebrows at a missed call from the police department. Her head starts spinning, and she calls the number but is put on hold by an automated voice system. Thinking it’s a mistake, she ends the call, lifts out of bed, and steps toward the bathroom. 
Susan stumbles, struggles to walk straight. She’s feeling off-kilter, as if in a transiting, carrying motion, like she was standing on the deck of a ship in a choppy sea.  
Wiping sleep from her eyes, she smells cooking gas. It’s a noxious, chemical smell. She gags, freezes in her tracks, and stomach acid bubbles up at her throat. Then she suddenly has a sense that she’s not in control of her body. Something pushes her. There’s something moving her limbs for her. Her movements are involuntary. Her legs kick out from under her, swing to the air. 
A euphoria overtakes her. Her cunt convulses, and she senses a tingling, a heat hugging her like a blanket. She then submits to the force, submits to its sweet, awesome energy. 
She levitates, floats toward the bathroom. She bows her head and has a fuzzy wet sensation between her legs and glances down to see she’s unloosed her bladder. Yellow piss drips down her inner thighs, pools on the hardwood floor. 
The force tears her white robe from her body, eviscerates it into embers, ashes in the air, and she flies, like a patient carried on an invisible flying stretcher, into the bathroom, where she is shifted upright, erected, into the air, and then lowered to her feet, stood in front of the mirror. 
Her arms begin swinging and whirling. Her teeth chatter. Her head spins in a concentric circle. Then she bites, compressing and grinding her teeth with the violent force of a rabid dog, and her teeth crumble in her mouth, crunch like crispy cookies. Salty blood drips in trails from the corners of her clenched lips. 
One by one, starting with her toes, each and every one of her bones snap like twigs, breaking and popping, in a warm, beautiful surging wave, licking upwards, from her feet to her legs, to her hips, ribs, spine, neck, stopping at her jaw, which hangs dead from her face, held in place by only the sagging skin of her pallid face.
A bubble of black blood pops from her empty mouth, slathers down her chin and neck…  
Her eyes bulge and her eyeballs burst, leaving only empty, darkened pits in her skull. Her body, once so perfect that it was sold as a commodity, now is simply a horrible bag of broken bones. 
But she’s never felt happier. She’s never felt warmer and more alive, closer to the constellations, the glorious dots; planets of incandescent blue pierce through her darkness…
Then the merciful force again levitates her, and this time she’s floating belly up, into and out of the bedroom.
She floats down, over the stairs, the stairs moving, on their own, like a wooden escalator. 
She floats into the anteroom, where she hears a banging on the door. The stink of the cooking gas grows overpowering. She feels a rush of blood to her head. 
She’s then shifted upright, and lightly plopped in the doorway. Her body begins to gesticulate, her arms swinging and whirling like windmills.  
The front door of the house hisses open, on its own. 
Two police officers stand on the front porch, arms akimbo. She can’t see them, but she knows they are there. She can sense them. She knows their postures, their reasonings, and that they are space debris, comets swishing past the planets of blue. She can feel their portals fixed to her naked flesh, her boneless body that’s jangling and moving like a puppet.
The police officers are gagging, coughing, awash in the putrid stench that surges forth like an open flood gate of raw sewage. The officers’ feet click; they step back a couple paces. The police officers are speechless, aghast, to see… this… the creature facing them, the creature’s flailing… The creature’s inhumanity… The creature’s face rotted and dark as an overripe fruit…
Susan wants to speak. She wants to tell them to fly, to sail past, but she can only enunciate a choked sound, a wheezing rasp…
“Mmm... Ma’am?” stutters one of the officers, in a mortified tone, his voice straining. The officer, a tall, young, muscular black fellow, with a shiny bald head, is wincing, stepping backward, and reaching for his gun with one of his big meaty paws. 
From behind Susan emerges Kyle. It’s as if the young, slender man is tearing from her, like a severed Siamese twin. 
In the young man’s hand is a .357 Magnum, and he points the gun, shoots the black officer in the center of his forehead. The officer’s bald head explodes like a melon being smashed by a mallet. His headless body then tumbles to the porch with a crashing thud.  
The officer’s partner, a short young Hispanic woman, with a sharp, exasperated face, her close-cropped hair giving a hint of androgyny, brandishes her firearm, but when she clicks at her pistol, it jams. The young man hovers forward, his feet above ground, and he shoots the woman, in her left breast, stopping her heart, causing her to let out a pained whimper, like a dying dog, before she collapses next to her fallen partner. 
The doorstep a bloodbath, Susan shifts her weight, turns her eyeless face to her son, who, himself is naked, his body covered in cuts; the cuts bloody, strange shapes, odd lettering that looks almost medieval. 
Kyle grimaces and shoots Susan in the breasts, shooting each breast, and then shoots her in the cunt, twice, as she’s stumbling backwards. She flops, a discarded sack of bones in the doorway. Her vocal cords emit a fricative grunt. 
Then Kyle kneels over her, placing the gun under his mother’s chin and shoots upwards, sending a clump of blond hair, skull fragments, and splash of blood flying up into the air, splattering on the porch. 
Kyle rises and then kicks at his mother, rolling the fresh corpse from out of the doorway’s threshold, onto the porch. Then he shuts the door. Bolts and locks it. His face, scrunched in pain, deadens, becomes tight and somber. He bends to lay his gun on the floor and then picks up a canister. 

Kyle, Colby, Satan, Adam, and Stephen:

After dinner, I bring my plate into the kitchen, stuff the plate into the dishwasher. I notice that my ghostbuster app is missing from my phone. I thumb at the phone’s screen and lose my balance. A dizzy spell whaps me. Then a rush of blood hits my head.  
Then I’m back up to my room. It’s cold as ice in there. It’s as if a wall of chilled air has hit me. My limbs soften and numb. I see the door to my room wide open and a gust of frozen wind pushes through the room and swings the door shut. The door rattles as it closes, the power of its movement slamming and shaking the wall. 
Again, I notice the cold. It’s even colder after the door shuts. It’s like being inside a freezer. The intensity of the cold creeps, pinches, and fills all four corners of the room’s space. It’s overwhelming and singular. Shivers barb up my spine and my teeth hurt so badly that I want to tear them from my mouth. My jaw trembles.   
In my computer chair, a young man sits. He is tall, and rail thin, disgustingly thin. Concentration camp thin. Fucking Auschwitz. 
Blue-veined and translucent, the young man’s face can only be described as ugly. His bowl cut brown hair is scruffy, pathetic looking. His cheeks are stretched thin at his teeth. His big blank eyes are sunken, dead balls, dead lights in his skull. The back of his head is missing. It is an open, bleeding, festering gash, cut where a bald spot might be. Rivulets of dark red blood run down his neck, drip like tear drops down the back of his black t-shirt and jeans. The streaks of blood blending, forgetting into the fabric’s darkness.  
The young man is on my laptop, editing a spreadsheet. I move forward, drawn toward him; my feet are locked, as if made of stone, but my body is in motion, being sucked forth, tugged by an imaginary rope. 
I read the spreadsheet. It is a compilation of death tolls, from shooting sprees. It is a scorecard, a scoreboard for mass killers. 
The young man sets his big blank eyes forward, the dead balls affixed to the screen. He speaks in a voice that holds no trace of emotion, has a machine-like cadence.
“I am number 3. I thought I would be number 1. I planned it meticulously. I studied it. I chose the perfect place. I aimed for the biggest impact. I aimed for the most shock value. I used the perfect weapon, a Bushmaster XM15-E2S.  
“The plan went almost exactly as I thought, but one of the doors was locked. Some of the … hid. The cops came too quickly. If I had more time, I would be number 1 or 2. 
“It was awesome. I lived it. I lived my dream. I was one of the cool kids. And it was cooler than a video game. The rush I felt. The surge of adrenaline, dopamine, the endorphins. It was vengeance. But it was also philanthropic. How many of those … would have been raped by the world? I saved them. I freed their souls. I am ultimately a humanitarian.”
The young man flexes his skinny arm. He has no bicep. It’s the skinniest arm I’ve ever seen. The size of a pencil, almost. He then rises from my chair. His black clothes shed from his bony body like a snake shedding its skin. 
His naked form is an appalling sight. He is mere skin over bones. His rib cage, his hip bones, are visible as a medical chart. 
There is no penis in between his legs, nor testicles, just a flat hairless mound, like a doll. Turning his hideous body away from me, I see he has no buttocks, only a vertical slit below his lower back. The skeletal bones, his spine, every vertebra pokes up from beneath his tight skin. 
Loud electro pop blasts, loud as a nightclub. A DDR video screen appears on my wall. My floorboards flash alive in bright bold digital colors. The young man dances on the flashing neon lit floorboard. His holocaust skinny body strutting, his feet manically stepping on the neon blue, green, and pink pulses of light. 
He mouths the lyrics of Ke$ha’s “Die Young.” The bass from the song rocks my room, and the young man’s bone thin body gathers into a furious motion, a rhythm attuned to the thump of the synths. I am disgusted at how tall, how emaciated the young man is. Witnessing his horrible gyrations, movements… It is like watching a corpse dancing in a morgue. 
The music meets an abrupt halt. And the slender man swings his head toward me. The DDR machine, flashing floorboards vanish, and the young man’s eyes are alabastrine, the dead balls with an emptiness far greater than I’d ever seen.  
The young man’s lips curl into an O and he hisses like a dying cat. Then he morphs into a purple blob and disperses, forming into sharp fragments that resemble broken glass. The fragments disappear quickly into the thin frozen air. Leave without sound.  
Satan reappears, is hanging upside down from the ceiling, like a bat; his feet are in suction cup shoes. 
“I see you met Adam Lanza. Hoh, he’s a naughty spirit. A real goofball. Gotta keep him away from the 10-year-old boys,” the demon chortles. 
“So you can summon spirits of infamous killers?” I ask, finding myself now sitting in the computer chair. Icy curls of fingers feel up my legs, tickling and teasing me. The room starts to smell of cleaning fluids, hospitals, which somehow cleans and sweetens the air. 
“Shit yeah. I’m Satan!” the demon begins doing sit-ups from the ceiling. I see the demon is in only a tight pair of candy red boxer briefs and has an impressive 8-pack. I am jealous. And aroused. 
 “But you’re not THE Satan. Just a Satan,” I shoot back. My chair spins in 6 circles, halts abruptly. Dizzy yet blithe, I set my attention to the laptop’s screen. On it plays a brief montage of snuff videos, then a video compilation of ISIS public executions that are set to aggressive mumble rap. 
“I’m a FUCKING demon, dude,” his voice assumes a California surfer tone, “I can do this sort of shit. But I can only get the recently dead. Spirits pass through different levels of dominion… Then they rest.”
“So you mean they don’t burn in eternal damnation? Flames? Torment?” I ask, and the demon’s eyebrows lift, causing his forehead to crease. 
The demon’s lips twist to a smirk. He lets out a slow cackle that grows into a thunderous guffaw. He’s smiling and pointing and slapping his chest to burp out the laughs. 
Catching his breath, he shakes his head, and replies, “NO! Those are fairytales. A certain spirit, an angry or confused soul, might hang, linger in an afterworld. A place between what you see and space. Space, the stars are the terminus. 
“The afterworld is visible to only a precious few who can communicate with spirits. Mediums are real, but those who really see never really speak…  
“It’s like this, upon physical death, it’s up to a waiting room, in the stars. It’s cold there; a line of flesh vessels goes on endlessly, for eternity. Eventually, on the other end, there’s a door. That’s all I know of it. I’ve been in the afterworld for centuries and can’t remember anything before that. I’m not sure when I can ever get to the waiting room. Occasionally a demon or angel is called up or sent back, due to a malfunction or benediction. That’s all I know…”
At the window, another figure forms. A man, in his late 50s or early 60s. 
He’s tall, stocky, has a stubbly light brown and gray mustache and beard and a receding light brown and gray hair line. His ears appear glued to his head. 
He’s wearing a solid black Adidas tracksuit and swings his hunched frame to face the window. 
I hear him speak in a gravelly voice, saying, “Your God doesn’t love me.”
He sniffles, wipes sweat from above his sad eyes. He’s perspiring heavily, like he just stepped out of a sauna. I see that his eyebrows have been shaven off, entirely, and while it’s unsettling enough to encounter a ghost, as is, encountering a ghost with no eyebrows… now that’s some weird shit…
“No one ever thought it was just because I hate country music,” he snickers and mocks machine gun motions with his hands and arms, shooting out the window, into a greenish twilight. 
He coughs, a hacking, wheezing cough, thumps a fist at his chest, then swings his face to mine, sticks his fingers in his mouth, mimics another gunshot, a suicide.  
Withdrawing his fingers, which are covered in a gray dust, he creases his brow, smiles a clownish smile, and laughs again, this one a hideous squeal of a laugh, more what I’d expect of an old forest witch. 
Then he composes himself, staring at me, unflinchingly. Staring. His face locked to mine. Staring. A staring contest stare. His wild, bloodshot eyes locked to mine. His eyes are like those in an old painting. They’re eyes that would always seem to be following you, no matter what, no matter which angle you look at them.     
He doesn’t speak. He just stares, still as a statue. It feels like we’re playing chicken, speeding toward a head-on collision. 
I don’t know what to say, so I turn to Satan, who is now on the floor next to me, doing slow sets of knuckle push-ups. 
Satan whispers, “It’s Stephen Paddock. I figured, what the fuck, he’s around, might as well bring him out. Most of the requests I have are for the Columbine killers, those handsome young guys. They’re ‘charismatic,’ right? They have fan clubs. They have admirers the world over. But no one wants to see Stephen, which is a shame. The guy is a riot!”
Stephen is staring, dead on, at me. His shoulders are twitching. I ask him what the police, media, millions around the world want to know. “Why? Why’d you do it?”
Stephen shakes his head and sighs. He snaps our eye contact and shifts back to the window. This time he mimics sniper tactics, pulling invisible triggers every couple seconds, snapping his lips in “PEW!” sounds. A crooked smile then travels across his lips in perceptible degrees. 
“Why? Why? Why? That’s what they want to know. This is the reason I didn’t leave a note or a video, unlike Seung-Hui Cho, who couldn’t quit running his mouth.
“Dead men should tell no tales. I say. I like the enigma…” He cackles again, in that horrific high-pitched laugh. Then he pans his gaze to mine, his eyes lit up in lightning bolts of anger. His smile dies and his tone turns deadly, “That’s the fun. Leave them images to puzzle over…”
And with that, he melts into a neon green blob that wafts up and through the ceiling.
“He’s a hoot! You should see him Salsa dance. I play poker with him, a couple others. We’re addicted to the video tables. Addicted, I tell you! We’ll go to a bar, afterward, dance, invisibly among the crowd. They never know until they die,” Satan brags, jumping up to his feet and dancing a Latin jig, a tango, and giggling.  
“Jack the Ripper? The Kennedy Killer? Jimmy Hoffa? I’ve got a million questions… JonBenet Ramsey’s killer?” I speak in a giddy voice, my pulse racing. 
“JonBenet was murdered by her brother. Her parents covered it up. Come on, everyone knows that. Do you even Internet?” retorts Satan, scoffing and rolling his eyes. He then waves his hands in front of his face, like his nose was on fire, shadowboxes for a few seconds, then shifts his weight and his gaze toward the window. 
Stretching, Satan extends his left arm up high and bends his torso to the right. He straightens his posture and bounces on his feet. Then he swings his gaze back toward me, his hypnotic eyes shooting searching, surreptitious glances. Satan then sighs softly, in a way that sounds like a breeze moving through fallen leaves. “I’m not a party trick,” he continues, his face tightening, “I’m here for a reason.”
“And what’s the reason?” I ask, my voice curious and solemn. I see that I’m naked and a Samurai sword is hovering in front of me. The sword jabs and slashes in circles, diagonal, upwards and downwards motions, slicing into my skin, writing occult letters. Though my skin is being mutilated and carved, I sense only a sweet euphoria, and the touch of the blade is warm, silky and tingles to the very essence of my soul. 
The blood running along my bare skin warms me, and when it drips to the floor, flowers, neon flowers, the color of uranium, rise, sprout and shine from the floorboards. 
“Death’s design,” grumbles Satan, whose eyebrows lift like wings. He is bowing his head and swiping his finger at a handheld mirror, his finger controlling the Samurai sword’s cutting movements. Then Satan raises his head, and I suddenly notice that he bears an uncanny resemblance to Ben Shapiro. 
Satan, with the beginnings of a smile touching the corners of his lips, continues his soliloquy, “This ground is unfit for human habitation. It was the site of a tribal war, a massacre, a mass grave, then was a funeral home. There is an energy that has manifested. It has grown. It’s become a portal to the afterworld, the worst side of the afterworld. These grounds belong to malice and pain. These grounds need peace. They need rest and respect. This dirt doesn’t belong to the living,” says Satan, didactically, and he holds a mirror in front of me. 
I see myself bloodied, skin carved into symbols. I’d seen the same symbols online, on the body of the boy who’d murdered his family, shot up his school. 
“But why the school?” I ask Satan, seeing myself dancing a tango, naked and bloody, in the mirror. 
“It was his purpose. He’d served the house. Then he served himself. Served his bullies. Dispensed the ultimate judgment. What’s your purpose?” Satan inquires, quizzically. Then Satan melts into a silver, syrupy liquid, that ices, freezes over the patch of uranium flowers by my feet. 
A mirror on the wall drops to the floor, shattering and silvering into a trail of shards. 
I step forward, walk over the trail that’s been set. The shards are smoldering hot. It’s like I’m walking over hot coals. 
I smell rotting dead flesh. Then I smell feces. I fall, face first, to the floor, into the shards. I enjoy the sting of their cut. I like the pain. 
Wheezing, I convulse. I lie belly up. A fish out of water. Flapping. Then I am frozen in stasis. Every thought of anger consumes me. In front of me are thousands of cell phone sized holographic screens displaying various images of death, natural disasters, fires, floods and storms, wars, plane crashes, car crashes, suicides by gun, and various gruesome methods of murder. It’s every death I’ve ever seen.  
Then I’m lifted. A gun is in my hand. I fly, belly down, like Superman, and I find myself behind my mother, who is naked, at the front door, facing two police officers. 

The Car 2:

Jim drives, fast, on the highway, blasting “Man in the Box” by Alice in Chains. But Jim is forced to decelerate, taps his breaks as he passes a wreck, what looks like a huge pileup. Traffic then clogs like a stuffed pipe and all he can see in the horizon is taillights.  
Flicking his gaze to the wreckage, he notices that a highway sign nearby reads: “Death 23.” A nausea ripples in the pit of his stomach. 
A worse, more foreboding feeling overtakes him when he sees what resembles his daughter’s car among the debris of the wreck. Inching forward in the bumper-to-bumper traffic, Jim rubbernecks, fixes his squinted eyes on the license plate jutting from the crumpled mess of the vehicle. It reads: “LOSER.”
Jim is dizzy. A smack of vertigo causes his body to buckle, washes over him like a slow-breaking wave. He taps his brakes, then creeps forward in the crawling traffic. Over the din of Jerry Cantrell’s down-tuned guitar and ambient sounds of car horns and idling engines, Jim hears a familiar voice again.
It’s Junior.  
“A human life. It’s a collection of moments, right? Say you have 80 years, that’s about 29,200 days; that’s 700,800 hours; 42,048,000 minutes; 2,522,880,000 seconds. 
“Me, I lived 43 years, so that’s roughly 22,600,800 minutes. God as my calculator… The Bible is my textbook…” 
“A collection of minutes. A scrapbook, brother. I never made a deal with the devil. Did you?”
Jim groans. He wants to vomit. He looks back in the rearview, doesn’t see Junior, but still hears his voice. 
Then he sees Junior next to him, sitting in the passenger seat; blunted sunlight slanting in through the tinted windows, Jim understands the top of Junior’s head is missing, cut ear to ear. Junior’s skull is hollow, like an empty bowl. 
“Please, see that my brain is given to the NFL brain bank, BUDDEE!” Junior chortles and says in a mock Pauly Shore voice. 
Jim scoffs, flicks his gaze back to the road, the bumper-to-bumper traffic. 
“Damn, brother, a flying car would be rad right now. It’s the 2020s and no flying cars? What a disappointing decade,” Junior grumbles, then points his swollen, scarred hand at the stereo, begins to play Hawaiian music, heavy on the ukulele. 
“The headaches? They got you too? I wanted to shoot myself in the head,” Junior then hums to the ukulele plucking and sings, in an off-key cry, “Turn from the Bible with a bottle in my hand, wooooooooooooo!!” 
Junior’s face twists in a contorted mass of anger, and he seethes, snarls at Jim, speaks in a voice of cruel truth, “It’s what you’re doing, brother. ‘Cept it’s that orange bottle. It’s those pills you been eating like candy. Who you think you’re fooling? You think they weren’t gonna find out the proposal tanked? You blew the cash?”
“Let’s fly,” Junior growls, and the car lifts off the ground, hovering over the traffic, flying like a helicopter, soaring slowly, over the congestion of the highway. The car’s engine roaring with a low guttural rumble as it ascends… 
Junior giggles as golden sunlight dapples in from the windshield, luminating his heavy face, and he nods down at the highway below, “This is why Kobe liked helicopters. Rush hour traffic, right? 
“Kobe’s in the star. He’s not here, with us. If I bring you along, I’ll be in the star. You and me. In the star. Together. Look, I know Samoans can be so jealous. But this isn’t about that... It’s about putting things right…”
Jim panics, is locked in his seat. It’s as if he’s strapped to an electric chair. His arms are chained, locked to his sides. He’s unable to move his legs. 
His heartbeat pumps. His blood pressure spikes. He feels like he’s on a rollercoaster as the car flies through the air, flies toward God… 
The car glides, then turns wide right, away from the highway. It approaches the main avenue where the ___ office building is located. Along the connecting intersection, Jim sees what look like slaves, several of them, black men, in tattered clothing, hanging from a tall oak tree in front of a playground filled with screaming toddlers. 
Junior juts his chin at the morbid sight, sneers and speaks mournfully, “That’s where a lynching site used to be, where they brought the disobedient slaves, the runaways. They’d leave them out there. They’d leave the corpses dangling from that tree. They left them there as a warning to the other slaves. God, it must have smelled like… It’s hard to picture that happening in America,” says Junior, in a somber voice. 
“I’d take them with us if I could. But that’s for Chris Henry. It’s not our mission.”
“What IS our mission?” Jim wants to ask. But his mouth, his body goes numb, an overpowering numbness, like his entire body was shot up with a dentist’s jab of Novocain.
“Chris died on your birthday, remember that... Remember who said the NFL pays no taxes…”
The car touches down with a thump, rocking Jim’s numb body in his seat. Returning to ground, the car is driving, recklessly, on the street. The car driving on its own. The steering wheel moving by itself. The acceleration pedal pressing down. The engine throttling. 
Junior jerks his open skull back at the backseat, which contains what looks like a ticking pipe bomb held up like a trophy by thousands of ghostly arms. 
“We’re going out with a bang, brother.”
“I tried to be the MAN I should, but sometimes I fall short,” sings Jim, lugubriously, his dead lips moving involuntarily. 
The car is driving on the sidewalk, and it smashes, head-on, into a thin young woman who was staring at her phone. The young blond rolls over the hood, cracking into the windshield and somersaulting over the car’s roof, tumbling lamely to the pavement. 
Nearby pedestrians yell, shriek, dive, flee in terror; others point their phones at the wayward vehicle that is careening, barreling straight toward the front doorway of a tall, golden glass office tower. 
The car accelerates with a mechanical roar, speeds and crashes into the dark glass swivel door of the tower’s lobby. It punches easily through the building’s exterior, crunches and shatters the façade, leaving a chaos, a nightmare of broken glass, clouds of dusty smoke trailing in its wake… Then a gunshot rings out, like a clap of thunder… 


Murderer:

“You’re a murderer,” shouts Satan, gleefully. Satan is faceup, swimming along the hardwood floor, as if he’s in a pool, doing backstrokes. 
“I’m a murderer,” Kyle mutters as he jogs and wildly splashes clear liquid all over the house, down the hallways, in every room. The rooms, to him, look like hungry mouths, the hallways like dry throats. He asseverates that the liquid he tosses is nourishing and ceremonial.  
Then he finds himself back in the anteroom, lifts up and points the gun at Satan, fires three popping shots. 
The bullets whiz through Satan, borough into the floor, leaving three tiny smoldering holes. 
Satan, unshriven, keeps swimming backwards, and flashes a toothy, seraphic smile, giggles like a schoolgirl. Satan then cries out in a sardonically phony upper-class British accent, “You can’t kill that which is already dead!”
Kyle snarls and chucks the gun to Satan, then steps onto the stairs, rides the wooden escalator up to the second floor. The house’s walls have turned to mirrors, and Kyle sees his pale reflection. He’s paler, whiter than he’s ever seen himself. His skin looks like silk draped over his bones. 
He’s then wearing Teenage Ninja Turtle tighty-whiteys and is hoisted by an invisible arm, given a wedgie by an unseen force, and is slung, atomic wedgie style, into the bedroom. 
He finds himself in Colby’s bedroom, rhythmically slapping his feet at the indifference of the wooden floor. His feet are two stools. His arms are slithering green snakes. His neck is in a noose. The noose is fitted from an electrical cable hanging from a black hole that’s been punched in the ceiling. 
Kyle holds his phone. The phone is hot and is burning in his hand. 
He’s shitting his underwear as he’s messaging his brother a picture on Facebook; he’s sending a picture of their mother, naked and dead, along with the murdered police. 
Sirens ring out, police megaphones can be heard; what sounds like a helicopter is hovering, whirling overhead. 
Kyle finds that after the message is sent, a Facebook moment has been posted to Colt’s timeline, this one explaining why the house was destroyed, and wishing that a dirty bomb be set to annihilate the entire neighborhood, render it unhabitable, saying this was the only way to appease Satan and the angry spirits. 
Kyle grins at the hundreds of hands curving out to him from an oncoming darkness.  
Then he heaves forward, toward the hands, and hears a beep and crack. 

FORMER NFL STAR DIES IN HORRIFIC SUICIDE, VEHICULAR ATTACK; SON MURDERS MOTHER, TWO POLICE OFFICERS, EXPLODES HOUSE
October 30, 20__

AP:
Yesterday morning, at approximately 9:03 EST, former star NFL lineman Jim Everett, 46, crashed his car into the front lobby of the ______ NFL Corporate Business Center, then used a handgun to kill himself.  
Two pedestrians, one NFL employee were reported injured. One of the pedestrians remains in critical condition. 
In what police believe was a related attack, Everett’s son, Chris Everett, 18, shot and killed his mother, Linda Everett, 42, and two police officers, Andrea Hernandez, 31, and Delon Johnson, 28, before starting a fire that spread and exploded the house in which the Everett family had been renting. Police believe Chris Everett cut a gas line, then hanged himself shortly after starting the fire.   
Given the timeline, sources in the police department have disclosed that investigators are working under the assumption that perhaps a domestic dispute caused the events. 
Additionally, tragically, last night Mr. Everett’s daughter, Euphemia Everett, 22, and her friend Lisa Anderson, 21, died in last night’s horrific pileup on Highway 66. Officers Johnson and Hernandez had been dispatched to the Everett house to inform Mr. and Mrs. Everett of their daughter’s involvement in the accident. 
The house in which the Everett family was living had a checkered past. Two years ago, it was the sight of the Oswald massacre. Colby Oswald, then 16, murdered all 6 members of his family, shooting them one by one, before driving to his school and killing 10 of his classmates and injuring 15 others. Mr. Oswald eventually pled guilty to the crimes and was sentenced to 215 years in prison. 
Prior to that, the house had served as a funeral home for nearly a century. 
According to the city council, the funeral home was built on the site of an infamous colonial era battle between Native Americans and British settlers.  

This is a breaking news story. 


Everest: 

“What do you say about it? Where do you start? You’re having a normal day. You’re drinking coffee. Then you get a message like that, and everything changes.”
“No, I didn’t have any premonitions. I didn’t see any signs. Like I said, I wasn’t close with my dad. I didn’t know him well. He was a quiet man. But he was a good man, at least to me. I know that’s not a wonderful thing to say, considering what he did, saying that he was a ‘good man,’ but to me, he was. He took care of us. He wasn’t some deadbeat, or some wifebeater. He was there. He loved my mom. He loved us. He didn’t know how to express it, I think. His dad, my grandfather, was a military man. You know the type. Stone-faced. And my dad was the same way. As was my younger brother.”
“My younger brother was a withdrawn and difficult person to communicate with. I had very little contact with him, aside from occasional messages online, related to family gatherings. I have no idea what darkness lurked inside him. I wish I had known. But, as I said, I had no premonitions. There were no warning signs.”
“I don’t believe my brother and father acted together. I think both had their reasons. But I don’t know. I have authorized my father’s brain to be examined. Perhaps that will provide answers.”
“My sister and mother, I wasn’t close with either. My sister and I never saw eye to eye on anything. But she was a kind soul. My mother was too. They were both nice people. And I can’t imagine they knew of or had anything to do with any crime, whatsoever. Period.”
“There’s been rumors online that my sister purposely caused the pileup. I don’t believe one bit of that. It’s a horrible, terrible, tragic coincidence that accident happened as it did, when it did. I grieve for everyone affected.”
“The police questioned me for hours on end. They ransacked my apartment. They handcuffed me. When they took me in for questioning, one of the police officers purposely banged my head into the roof of his squad car. Yes, they found a gram of cocaine, but that was the only crime I committed. Again, I reiterate that I knew nothing of my brother’s or father’s crimes. I knew nothing of any plans. I called the police and sent them the messages I got from my brother, immediately after I received them. I was mortified and shocked beyond belief.”
“It’s been a nightmare. I want to send my condolences to the victims of this tragedy. Words cannot express the horror and sadness I feel.”
“It’s been a nightmare, also, for myself, losing my immediate family. And it’s been worsened by the anger and death threats I’ve received, particularly on social media. I no longer feel safe in America. I’ve left the country, and am in Asia, but I will not disclose where, at this time.”
“I close this email, asking for peace, asking for privacy, and again expressing my sorrow for the events that have transpired.” 

Logging off the desktop in the lobby of his shabby hostel, Colt exhales loudly, and slips into his thick sheepskin coat. He rubs his eyes, his forlorn face flushed red. He then salutes the Bob Marley poster above the computer and ambles toward the creaky front door, heads out for a stiff drink and a hearty dumpling dinner. 

Driving through the Himalayas, he listens to calming harp music as he rides his rented SUV up to the monastery. 
Arriving at the monastery’s gates is intimidating yet freeing. The red and white temple, built into the mountain, is imposing. It’s unreal. It has upcurved eaves on its sharply slanted roof and a tremendous portico with pillars painted gold. 
First laying his weary eyes on it, he can’t believe people actually live there. But his trepidation and disbelief yield to elation. To him, the monastery is the most serene, most beautiful place on Earth. 
He parks and exits the vehicle. He struggles to shut the driver’s side door as damn near hurricane force winds batter him. The winds are sharply cold, a polar blast, piercing the puffy fabric of his triple layered clothes. It’s like a wave of ice water has crashed over him. 
And he loves it. 
He snorts. His eyes water in the chill. He grunts. 
And he loves every painful sensation. He’s never felt so human.   
He fixes his eyes up at the golden spires of the monastery. He then shifts his gaze, sees a steady trail of black smoke billowing from its charnel house. 
A cremation is taking place. It’s probably too cold here for a sky burial. It’s hard for him to imagine any vultures flying up this far. 
He realizes the frigid air is carrying ashes, particles of the dead. The dead fill his lungs, cycling their journey. To him it’s sad, evil, and beautiful.    
With vigor, with pure intent, he moves against the power of the wind. The valley, the gorge between the heavenly high Himalayan mountains is like a wind tunnel. The wind whipping and lashing his red face. The wind is a surging force, having a mysterious, magical, surreal push that is healing, a balm for his battered soul. 
He trudges up the frozen ground. The hard dirt and rocks crackle and crunch beneath his heavy black boots. He spots his guide, waving to him from atop the hill. The guide is a small brown man, bundled in a cocoon of sheepskin robes fringed with fur. The guide is wearing a bushy black fur hat that’s nearly the size of a bear cub. The hat has a gold and emerald green brocade at its tip, like a Tibetan yarmulke. 
The guide is animated, an earnest map of smiles, and is probably the happiest man Colt has ever seen.  

THE END 




  


COPYRIGHT 2021, KIM CANCER AND METH LAB PRESS
