Paradise Escape
Copyright 2013 Mia Rodriguez
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook.  The book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be distributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized dealer.  Thank you for your support. 


Cover photo by Alex 'Pelos' Briseño 

Dedication
To all the young people going against the brainwash of status quo.



Table of Contents

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven 
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty-One
Chapter Thirty-Two
Chapter Thirty-Three
Chapter Thirty-Four
Chapter Thirty-Five
Chapter Thirty-Six
Chapter Thirty-Seven
Chapter Thirty-Eight
Chapter Thirty-Nine
Chapter Forty
Chapter Forty-One
Chapter Forty-Two
Chapter Forty-Three
Epilogue



Chapter One

I miss Miguel.  Strange but true.  I love my privacy, but he is such a non-intrusive kind of a guy.  I miss him walking with me through Paradise Village.  I miss his asking me about my day.  I miss our boomerang sessions with my toy which I'm not allowed anymore.  I guess I miss someone caring about me.
Sure, I still see him at church and when he can get a few minutes to visit with me but that isn't much compared to the time we used to spend together when I was supposed to marry the Mister.  Speaking about Master Barstowe, the man has disappeared.  It's already been a few weeks, and my sixteenth birthday is today, and he's nowhere in sight.  I'm so, so, so relieved.
I keep looking over my shoulder expecting the seventy-year-old to materialize and tell me I have to marry him anyway.  It's a ridiculous and nonsensical feeling since he'd never want me to be his wife now with the puckered, burned skin on my left arm.  No man in Paradise Village would accept a bride with such ugly scars.  My blood boils when I think about how they steal us as children, watch that we grow up to be attractive, and force us to be their slaves.  They insist that the True Faith religion is the one true one on earth.  That the Great Master of the universe himself has blessed it and wants us girls to serve our husbands with total blind servitude.
It's total garbage!  I've always known that the Elders and Masters here are brainwashing us. 
With Betsey, may she rest in peace, having thrown hot water on me, what she had meant for my harm had actually been for my good.  I no longer have to marry the smelly creep or anybody for that matter.  Not only that but the Elders who had had it in for me for having cared for Beatrix who they wanted dead, seem to be happy with what had happened to me.  I guess they feel that I've been punished enough for my transgression.
When the Mister had placed Miguel as my protector, I hadn't realized what a huge favor he had done for me.  Not only would the Elders not do anything to me in front of him since they knew he'd have to report back to Master Barstowe, but he had turned out to be excellent company.  I miss him so much!  Having been bumped down from being a destiny-bride to a servant-girl, I have even less privileges than before and consorting with a helper-boy is completely out of the question.  
After I finish my cleaning chores at the slave quarters, Helga tells me I need to go to the Highest Holy Grinder household to help with the housekeeping.  I can't help but think that it's incredibly remarkable how much she's changed towards me.  Not too long ago she used to hate me.  Now we have common ground.  With her scarred face where attack dogs had bitten her and my scorched arm, we make quite a team.  
"After you finish at the Grinder household, you can go to the Barstowe one," she states quietly.
"Okay, Helga." I remember a time when she would've snapped at me and had a sarcastic remark for me.
"By the way, happy birthday."
"Thank you."
I had dreaded my sixteenth birthday for so long that now that it's here, I can't stop shuddering or my stomach from filling with bile.  With sixteen being the age that girls have to wed their destiny-husbands, it's a horrible day indeed!  
Stop freaking out, I tell myself.  I'm not marrying anybody today. 
As I step out of the old, huge shack that is for all intents and purposes home to me, I am greeted by the shining sun.  I smile at its rays.  Only a few short weeks ago, it would've been unthinkable that I would be content today.
I go past the smelly outhouse and walk on the dirt roads, making a right at the food warehouse, and a left on the clothes ordering shop to Highest Holy Grinder's household.  That's the only thing that puts a damper on today.  I hate going to his house.   
With Grinder being the spiritual leader at Paradise Village, he has the nicest home--next to the Mister's one that is.  With Master Barstowe being the most powerful man here, he has the most beautiful house but Grinder's one is a close second.
Grinder's abode is a huge two-story red brick place with large windows and green shutters.  Maple trees align the outside and many flower beds surround it.  Beauty is often deceiving.  I take a deep breath as I step inside.  I never know what kind of viciousness I'll find there and a harmful vibe is always in the air.  Always.  You can feel a piercing sensation on your skin and breathe whiffs of hostile air while in the house.  
Not giving a greeting to anyone as I'm instructed to do, I head to the supply closet for a broom.  Grinder likes his house swept before anything else is done.  I'm lucky that as a servant-girl, he feels I'm not a sufficiently worthy enough person to say hello to anyone in his household.  I like being ignored.  Believe me, it's better than to be focused on.  Just ask his family-wives who as I start cleaning are on their knees praying loudly to the Great Master to keep blessing their holy husband.  They say the same prayer in a litany--the one that Cordelia, Grinder's head-wife, had come up with.  They're in the prayer room next to the living area with the door open so I can hear their words very clearly as they tell the Great Master how unworthy they are of having such an exalted husband and why they hope to one day be worthy of him.
Total garbage.  I'll say it again.
"Please keep Highest Holy Grinder safe with all the evil around him," they say in unison.
He's the evil.
"Don't let the evil creature near him."
He's the evil creature.
"Bestow many of your generous gifts on him.  Take from us to give to him because we don't deserve anything from you but disdain.  We are so unworthy, Great Master."
I try to tune them out as I keep sweeping the living room.  Brainwashing goes deep if they really believe the stuff that's coming out of their mouths.
As I'm about to pick up the dirt in the dishpan, the outside door swings open and Grinder comes barreling in.  He ignores me as usual, but stomps into the prayer room, stepping on my dirt pile and sending it in all directions.  I'll have to sweep the same areas all over again, but what I'm concerned about is the look on his face.  He's furious.  Fire is practically igniting from his mouth.  This will mean something very horrible for at least one of his wives.  Maybe for all of them.
"Jana!!!" he bellows, his harsh, splintering voice reverberating on the walls.  He yanks out his black mini-baseball club from the white briefcase he always carries with him.  "You're really going to get it this time!!!"



Chapter Two

Jana's face is completely bewildered and in agonizing fear as she stares at the discipline club.  I'm very frightened for my friend.  Why is he threatening to beat her? I wonder with knots in my stomach.  But it doesn't take much to set off the Elders and the Masters. 
"You've embarrassed me for the last time, Jana!  You took an extra cookie at yesterday's holy-wife meeting!"
I had been at that meeting as a server, serving the family-wives their scanty meals and cookies for desert.  It's true that Jana had eaten two oatmeal cookies while Grinder's other wives had only taken one oatmeal cookie but everyone else had taken two also.  I know how obsessed the Masters are with their wives not gaining weight, but I hardly think that one extra cookie will do it.  Besides, how ironic is it for Grinder to be on Jana for taking an extra cookie when he and the other Elders stole us from our families to bring us here and make us into their slaves.  How ironic is that?
"You're one of my wives!  The wife of the holiest man in Paradise Village, the son of the Great Master himself!  You're supposed to be an example to all the other wives in Paradise Village!  Stand up, Jana!"
I don't want to see what's coming next, so I grab my broom and rush to the storage closet.  Before shutting the door behind me, I hear the resounding whacks of the discipline club.  Jana shrieks in agonizing pain.  I slump to the floor as soon as I'm inside the closet and cover my ears with my hands.  But I can still hear the raging of the blows and the anguished cries of Jana.  The walls aren't thick enough for the violence that happens in this house.   
A bloody and unconscious Jana is rushed to the hospital when the horrible abuse is finally over.  It must've been at least twenty minutes of a nonstop beating.  I quickly return to my housework before Grinder turns his fury on me.  He acts as if nothing vile just happened.  The rest of his wives go on with their usual activities.  No one accompanies Jana to emergency.  
How people get used to evil I don't know.  I'm still shaking when I leave that inferno.  I'm tempted to head towards the hospital but if Grinder finds out I visited Jana instead of doing my work, there will be two of us in I.C.U.  And this time there's no Master Barstowe to keep Grinder from knocking me senseless.
I tell myself to concentrate on taking one step at a time until I make it to the Mister's household.  If my knees give out in the middle of the street, I may be beaten by any of the Masters or Elders for loitering.  
With a huge sigh of relief, my hand grasps the doorknob at the Barstowe home.  I manage to open it before my shaky legs threaten to finally give completely out.
"Happy birthday!"  The family-wives greet me.  I try to keep from falling.  They see my condition and rush to me.  Helping me to the sofa, they ask me what's wrong.  I explain about Jana as they listen sympathetically.  
"I've heard awful things about Highest Holy Grinder's household," states Stacy.  
"Unfortunately, they're all true," I assert.  The things I had seen in that household will be in my nightmares until the day I die.  Grinder terrorizes his wives.  There is no other way to put it.  He is either yelling at them, beating them, or thinking of ways to make their lives even more miserable.  His head-wife Cordelia is part of the abuse.  She, like Betsey when she was alive and in this house, gets a twisted satisfaction in seeing the other wives suffer.   
"Last week Highest Holy Grinder made his wives pray outside in the rainstorm,'" Lauren comments.
"But it was coming down hard!" Agatha chimes in.  "It was thundering like crazy and the wind velocity was at least sixty miles per hour!"
"He made them, except for Cordelia, get on their knees on the lawn and pray for the weather to clear up.  When it didn't, he beat them.  He blamed them for not having enough faith to stop the storm," Lauren states with horror in her voice.
"I heard that Cordelia makes the other wives stand for hours in the hot sun every day with a bucket in each hand and praying every day," Bernice mentions, her face in a disgusted knot.
"Stuff like that didn't happen when Highest Holy Bledsoe was alive," Stacy states, "I mean things were still hard but he wasn't a total fanatic like Highest Holy Grinder.  Highest Holy Grinder never said he was the son of the Great Master.  Never even insinuated it."
"I've got to admit something," Lauren says, her voice going down a few decibels as if afraid someone from outside our circle can listen to her.  "I don't think that Highest Holy Grinder is the son of the Great Master," she rushes.   
A shocked silence ensues.  It took a lot of nerve for her to say what she did.  She could be executed for even thinking that Grinder isn't who he says he is.  We could be executed for listening to her.
"I doubt if he's related to the Great Master in any way," I state, wanting to give Lauren my support.
"I've had my doubts," Stacy mumbles.
The other wives now open up and agree with us.  How can someone so evil be the son of the Great Master?  Ever since Bledsoe had died, Paradise Village got worse by the day.  Grinder seems to revel in thinking of ways to make our lives pure misery. 
I want to completely open up and tell them exactly what I think of Paradise Village and the brainwashing we're subjected to, but I don't.  Only Miguel knows my deepest thoughts.  I realize that even though the wives are slowly waking up now that Master Barstowe hasn't been here, there's still a lot of garbage in their minds.  Total garbage that will take time to get rid of.  
"Maybe we're supposed to follow Highest Holy Grinder, in spite of his crazy ideas," Agatha comments softly.
"What do you mean?" I ask.
"Do you think this is a test from the Great Master to see how faithful we are?" Agatha asks, consternation in her voice.
"I really don't think so," Stacy states.  "I don't think the Great Master wants us to be faithful to stuff that doesn't make sense."
"Why would the Great Master be happy with his faithful being treated so badly," asks Lauren.
I'm thrilled that they're questioning things.  This is how I prevent myself from being brainwashed.  I've learned that manipulators don't like questions.  They don't like people to think for themselves.  Twisting ideas is their specialty.  
"Why would the Great Master give such reign to such horror?" asks Bernice.
A knock on the door makes all of us jump out of our skin.  We are completely aware of the dangerous conversation we've just been having.
Who's here? I wonder.



Chapter Three

"You n-n-need me to f-f-fix something?" Miguel stutters when Stacy opens the door.  The wave of relief is palpable around the room.
"Come in, Miguelito," Stacy says.  "I'm glad you were allowed to come help us.
After stepping in, he sees me and smiles that bright smile of his.  I smile back.  His light-green eyes sparkle and black hair shines.    
I'm so glad to see him.
"H-H-Hi, Monica."
"Hi," I return.
"Miguelito, we need you to fix the downstairs bathroom's sink," Stacy tells him.
He nods and heads for the restroom.  Stacy gives me a strange smile I don't understand.  "I'll be right back," she says, going into the kitchen.
"Do you know what she's up to?" I ask Lauren.
She shrugs her shoulders and grins.  The conversation we were having being left behind.  What are these girls up to?
The kitchen door swings open and Stacy, who like Helga had hated me until recently, walks towards me while carrying a cupcake with a candle.  From hate to this!  Unfortunately, there's a lot of boiled up anger in Paradise Village where the servants are so unhappy and the brides often feel they have to fight for slivers of power.  But right now I'm overwhelmed with emotion. Without a Master constantly on their backs, the girls have flourished.  The house is full of laughter now and kindness.
"Happy birthday, Monica," Stacy gushes.  The other wives follow her lead.
Miguel steps out of the bathroom with a puzzled look on his face.  "Th-Th-The s-s-s-sink was f-f-fine."
"It was clogged this morning," Stacy explains.  "It must've fixed itself."
H-m-m.  I smell fowl play.
Miguel notices the cupcake and grins.  "H-H-Happy birthday, M-M-Monica."
Stacy's sight goes from him to me as her mouth upturns in a grin.  I don't like what she's implying with her eyes.  Miguel and I are just friends.  In fact, that's all we can be with the way Paradise Village is structured.  Besides, that kind of romantic love is not for me after what I've been through in my life.  I ought to be upset with Stacy and her shenanigans, but I'd be an ingrate if I didn't feel gratitude for her little party.
"Thank you.  Thank all of you," I express.
"We'd really like to thank you," assures Stacy, her eyes filling with water.  "Thank you for personally showing me the light.  I was a terrible ogre before you showed me how be a better person."
"The rest of us would like to thank you for trying your hardest at defending us from Betsey and Master Barstowe," Agatha states, her voice shaking.
"Yes, thank you," Lauren and Bernice say in unison.
"Th-Th-Thank you, M-M-Monica for being y-y-you," Miguel expresses.
"Stop now or you're going to make me cry," I demand.
"Okay, but always remember how much we care about you," Stacy states.  "Now blow your candle but don't forget to make a wish first."
I wish to get out of Paradise Village and see my mother again.  It is a wish I make every day since the day I was stolen when I was five years old.
I insist on sharing the cupcake.  We each get a tiny piece, but I wouldn't have enjoyed it if I had eaten the entire pastry by myself.  After finishing it, I try to do my chores, but they tell me that they already cleaned the house.  They want me to relax for a little while before going to the slave quarters.
The family-wives and I laugh and tell silly jokes.  Miguel looks on without saying much.  Faking a stutter must be hard to do all the time but necessary.  I roll my eyes when I think about the stupidity of the Elders and Masters thinking Miguel is slow because of a nervous stutter he had as a child.  They trust him implicitly while he fakes them out.     
When I realize the time, I stand up to leave.  I hate having to go, but I need to get back to the slave quarters.  Helga probably wouldn't mind me being late, but if I'm caught by an Elder not being where I'm supposed to be, I'd be in real trouble.
"I-I-I'll walk w-w-with you," Miguel says.
Stacy throws me a sly smile, but I ignore it and tell Miguel that I'd be happy to have his company.  After hugging each of the ladies, I step out of the house with Miguel in tow.   
"I've missed you so much, Frida," he tells me when we get to a private area.  
I love that he remembers to use my real name.  I've always hated being called by the fake name of Monica that the Mister had given me.  "I missed you too," I return sheepishly.  
His face turns anxious.  "Did you really?"
"I've missed you a lot."
My answer seems to please him.  "The Elders have me doing so much stuff that I hardly see you anymore."
"Even with Barstowe gone, you haven't gotten a break at all."
He frowns.  "They work me harder than he ever did."
"Do you think he's gone forever?"
"I doubt it."
I frown harshly.  "I'm just glad that the guy won't marry me after my accident."
His sight lands on my sleeveless left arm.  "Does it still hurt?'
His leveled stare on my puckering burn discombobulates me.  It's an ugly sight and I prefer him not being so engrossed with it.  "No, it just looks bad." 
"Can I touch it?"
"Why do you want to touch it?" I ask defensively.
"To prove to myself that you're not hurting anymore."
I nod.  "Okay, but only a little."
His fingers slowly move over my burned skin as if afraid I'll shriek in pain.  Instead, I nonchalantly stare at him with impatience.  His hand lightly caresses my skin.
I jerk myself back.  "That's enough," I tell him.
"Thank you for letting me feel your skin."  His eyes are on me with a certain tenderness I hadn't seen before.  
"It's really ugly, right?"
He shakes his head.  "Nothing from you is ugly.  Besides, that burn gave you your freedom, right?"
"Right.  Still, it's a pretty nasty burn."
"I'll trade your burned arm for mine any day."  Miguel is so efficient that it's easy to forget he's missing the part of his limb under his right elbow due to a malfunctioning land mine.  He only has one hand--his left one.
I smile.  "I get your point."
"I thought you would."
"I still don't know how my burn doesn't gross you out.  Most people avert their eyes. "
"Does my half arm gross you out?"
"No."
"Your scar doesn't do it to me either."
I smile at him.  "That's good to know."
"What really bothered me was when you were in the hospital with third degree burns and I couldn't see you."
"It was lonely in there."
"If it had been up to me, I would've been in the hospital every minute with you."
This turn in conversation reminds me of what had happened earlier, and I find myself trembling uncontrollably.  Just thinking back at the horrible scene in the Grinder household makes me want to explode with fury over that violent episode.
"Are you okay, Frida?" he asks anxiously, his eyes full of concern.
"Miguel, would you happen to know if Jana is okay?  She's in the hospital because Grinder beat her."
"I know," he says quietly.
I don't like what his grim face is telling me.  
"She's in pretty bad shape," he murmurs.  "She's on life support."



Chapter Four

"Life support?" I repeat with anguish.
"That monster really beat her," Miguel explains, his voice sparking with fire.  "Jana is fighting for her life."
"All she did was eat an extra cookie," I muttered, angry tears falling from my face.
"A cookie?"
"Yes, an oatmeal cookie at the Holy-wives meeting."
Miguel frowns with disgust.  "He told the other Elders that she had refused to say her prayers."
"Why did he tell them that lie?"
"Frida, he went overboard.  They questioned him, and he had to give them a good reason for almost having killed her."
"I didn't think they ever questioned anything he did."
"With him proclaiming he's the son of the Great Master, the other Elders are watching him closely."
"I thought that with Barstowe gone, he'd have complete reign over Paradise Village."
Miguel shakes his head.  "No, he doesn't.  It may seem like that, but it's not."
When I step into the slave quarters, Helga's eyes are red.  I realize that she's heard about Jana.  While Helga could be a harsh person, her heart beats like the rest of ours and she really did like Jana.  I put my hand on her arm.  
"She'll be okay," I murmur.
Helga shakes her head.  "I hope so."
"She has to be."
"By the way, you'll have to move to the top bunk soon."
"Why?"
"You've got a new roommate."
My heart squeezes itself.  The Elders have stolen another little girl.  She must be in the holding tank where they will begin their brainwashing.  They will tell her that her family doesn't want her anymore but the Great Master had chosen her to be part of a new family.  
I walk back to my bunk with a knot in my throat.  I hate getting new girls in here because I know the truth.  They were torn away from their families to be used as slaves like I was snatched away from my loving mother.  When would someone catch them?  When would they pay for their crimes?
It takes me a long, long time to fall asleep after thinking about Jana and the new little girl.

In church the next day, I now sit with Helga and not my usual spot with the destiny-brides.  Miguel sits a pew away from me and gives me his usual bright smile.  But even Miguel's friendly face doesn't keep my stomach from knotting itself.  I have to keep myself from sneering at Grinder--the hypocrite.  He's talking about the Great Master's mercy.
What kind of mercy did you show Jana when you just about beat her to death?
"The Great Master loves us as we, the Masters, love you," he preaches.  "We take care of you, handle responsibilities, cherish you, and work at creating a better life.  Whether you are helper-boys, servant-girls, destiny-brides, or family wives, we try to make sure your needs are met.  It's a huge load, but we do it gladly because my father, the Great Master, requires it."
I want to scoff out loud.  How can someone be such an idiot?  The Mister had been right when he had called him one.
After church I have to drag myself to the Grinder household to do chores.  I don't think I've ever hated an assignment as much as I hate this one.  As I step inside, I automatically go to the supply closet as I always do.  Grinder doesn't seem to be anywhere in sight.  What a relief.  
When I start sweeping the living room, the family-wives step past me to the prayer room.  I prick my ears open to see if they mention Jana.  I still hadn't heard anything about her, and my anxiety over her well being is growing by the minute.  
"I'll say the first prayer," Cordelia chortles.  "Then we'll repeat the husband-prayer I showed you."
I sweep lightly, so I won't make too much noise, or I'll be in trouble..
"Dear Great Master, thank you for your bounty.  Thank you for giving us the privilege of being your son's wives."
Does she really believe Grinder?  Maybe she's as nuts as he is.
"We talk to you with a strained heart today.  It's about wife-Jana."
I stop sweeping.
"Forgive her Great Master for her complete ineptitude at being the wife of your greatest servant--your son.  In your infinite kindness, you haven't taken her with you, but allowed her to stay with us."
She's alive, I say excitedly to myself.
"You've let her stay so we can help her mend her ways.  I promise you I'll do just that."
I shudder to think about the way Cordelia is going to help Jana.  But she's alive, I tell myself excitedly.  I continue my chores with a spring in my step.  I couldn't have received better news today.  I'm in such a good mood that it doesn't even bother me when Grinder comes barreling into the house and heads for the prayer room.
"I want you to listen carefully, family-wives," he snaps, interrupting Cordelia in the middle of the prayer.
"Yes, Highest Holy Grinder," they say in unison.
"If the Elders ask you what happened yesterday, you are to say that Jana was refusing to say her prayers and was being disrespectful to me."
Lying!  He's supposed to be the spiritual leader here, but he lies and then he asks people to lie for him--to protect his own skin.
"But that's exactly what happened, Highest Holy Grinder," insists Cordelia with a firm voice.  "Right, family-wives?"
The wives stare at her with bewilderment.  They were all here yesterday.  They know what really happened.
Cordelia continues her total garbage.  "I remember distinctly that Jana was back-talking to you and being very ugly to all of us.  You were only trying to discipline her.  That's all you were trying to do."
"Yes, that's all," Grinder insists.  "I was trying to get her back to the Great Master's ways for her own good."
What a way of re-writing history to fit to your agenda.
"We understand, Highest Holy Grinder, that your load is very heavy.  You're the spiritual leader of the whole community, and then you have to come home to deal with sinful wives.  We are so sorry not to be better followers for you.  You're the son of the Great Master and we are nothing compared to you.  It's such a travesty that you were stuck with such a foul-mouthed, slothful, and disrespectful wife such as Jana."
Who are they talking about?  Jana was none of those things!  Now they're re-writing her personality to fit their agenda.   
"My load is heavy indeed," Grinder sighs.  "You're all witnesses that I tried my best to correct her in the ways of the Great Master."
"Yes, Highest Holy Grinder, we were," Cordelia agrees.  "Right, family-wives?"
"Right, wives?" snaps Grinder, a threat in his voice.
"Yes, Highest Holy Grinder," they say in unison like robots.
He must know that I'm listening and that I was here yesterday, but he doesn't care about me.  I'm a nobody in his eyes.  A nothing.  The Elders would never debase themselves by listening to me.  My words carry no meaning in Paradise Village.
I swiftly finish my chores.  The sooner I get out of this household the better.  On my way to the Barstowe home, I actually smile.  Jana is alive, and I'm getting along great with the ladies in the Mister's house.
Stepping in the door, I'm about to shout my happy greeting when I notice the strained, unhappy faces of my new friends.  What's happening?
"Hi, Monica," a voice murmurs.  I turn my face towards the voice, my heart twisting and my stomach churning with sickening juices.
It's the Mister!



Chapter Five

He's returned!  I should've known that this bliss was too good to last.
"Hello, Master Barstowe," I mumble.
He eyes me with water filling his eyes, and then he abruptly strides into his study.  The family-wives and I stay transfixed to the floor in the living room.
"So sorry," I mouth to them after a few seconds of uncomfortable silence.  They look at me and nod.  They know I'm expressing my sympathy for them having to deal with the Mister now that he's back.  The party is over.
I excuse myself and go to the kitchen to start my chores.  Tears want to flow from my eyes but I demand that they don't.  Why am I being such a baby?  I knew that he'd probably be back to ruin our little oasis here.
As I finish one chore after another, I ask myself what to do about his study.  I don't want to clean it while the Mister is there, but if I don't at least ask what he wants, I may get a beating.  He's done it before.  I reluctantly knock on the door.
"Come in," he says gruffly.
"Do you want me to clean your study right now, Master Barstowe?" I ask as I open the door but don't step inside.  Sometimes he'll ask me to come back later or clean it the next day.
"How have you been, Monica?" he blurts.  The rims of his eyes are red.
"I'm fine, Master Barstowe." I still don't step into his study.
"No one bothered you while I was away?"
"I'm fine, Master Barstowe."
He nods.  "I'm glad."
"About your study, would you like me to--"
"Don't be so angry with me, Monica," he blurts.
"What, Master Barstowe?"
"You just don't know how much your accident destroyed me."
"Master Barstowe--"
"Not being able to marry you is breaking my heart into a million pieces but . . ."  He eyes my burned arm with disgust.
"Yes, Master Barstowe, I understand," I say wryly.
"You were so perfect before but now . . ."
"Yes, Master Barstowe," I say as I turn my arm so he can have a better look.  It's to both his and my benefit that he gets over his obsession with me.
The eyeful he catches makes his features ignite.  "I wish Betsey was here," he snaps furiously, "so I could kill her again."
I don't like his rising emotions so I turn my arm to the side where he can't see it.
"What's done is done, Master Barstowe."
"Leave my study, Monica," he mumbles, his voice shaky.  "Clean it another day."
I close the door, and resume my chores.  When I leave the tomb-like house, I decide to take the long way to the slave quarters like Miguel and I used to do.  I've got a lot to think about.  With the Mister back, what kind of complications will there be?  How will I navigate his household with him and his temper?  Will he take out his inability of getting past my burned arm on me?
I wish I could talk this out with Miguel.  Sometimes you just need to let things out.  But even when I do see him, we can't talk freely since we're usually not alone.  I really miss my alone time with him.  I miss my alone time period.  
Grinder has never restored the weekly free hour and without the Mister's intervention, I haven't thrown my boomerang in a long while.  I had never realized what a big difference it was for me to be able to take out my frustrations on my toy.  
Helga climbs off her bunk and steps over to me as soon as I walk in the door of the slave quarters.  She used to meet me to aggravate me but not anymore.
"I just thought you might want to know that Jana will be getting out of the hospital in a few days," she says.
"Thank you for telling me."
"She'll need care after she gets out.  Apparently, she's still in pretty bad shape," Helga grumbles.  "I suggested you for the job."
"Thank you, Helga.  I'd love to care for Jana."
"I thought so.  She needs to be mothered."
Later that night when everyone in the slave quarters is asleep, I stare out the window next to my bunk.  The moon is a crescent and many stars shine.  Are you thinking of me, Mama, like I'm thinking of you?  Had she continued looking for me all these years, I wondered.  Was she okay?  
Deep in my heart I know I'll see you again.  Maybe it's wishful thinking, but I really do believe it. 

At the Grinder house the next day, I handle my chores as rapidly as I can like I usually do.  I really hate being in the home of horrors.  I know that once Jana returns, I'll be here much longer hours, but that'll be different.  We'll probably be in her bedroom most of the time.  
When I hear Cordelia mention Jana's name in her prayers, my ears prick up.  I know it's not going to be anything good.
"Please, Great Master, show your infinite mercy on Jana.  I know she's a bad follower.  I know that she back talks your son.  I know she is undisciplined, ungrateful, and rebellious, but I hold the hope that with Highest Holy Grinder's help, she'll see the light."
The total garbage about Jana is continuous.  I realize with furious emotions that history is changed by repeating a lie over and over again.  Pretty soon, if they haven't already, the ladies here will start doubting the truth they know and absorbing the lies.  Jana is nothing like Cordelia describes her.  Nothing.  But constant repetition makes facts into fiction.  
I'm so disgusted.  This is taking brainwashing to a new level.  I'm relieved when I finish with the living room and am in the kitchen where I don't have to listen to such total garbage.  
When I hear the door to the kitchen open, I don't look up from the dishes I'm washing.  Being ignored in this house has its advantages.  I don't have to converse with those who propagate the idiocy that goes on here on a daily basis.
"Monica!" Grinders voice thunders through the kitchen.
I can't believe he's addressing me.  This can't be something good.  I turn to him, placing the soapy dish in my hands back in the sink.
"Yes, Highest Holy Grinder?"
"After you finish you're chores here, you are not to go to the Barstowe household.  You are being reassigned to another home.  Master Barstowe doesn't want you near him.  You are never to go to that house again."



Chapter Six

During the next few days, I'm thrilled to be out of the Mister's house even though I do miss the ladies in it.  I finally get to spend a few private moments with Miguel when he walks with me to the slave quarters after I clean the house of one of the Elders and he happened to be there.
"I'm so glad to see you, Frida," he says when we're in a private area.
"Me too," I return.
"How have you been?"
I smile.  "Fine, and you?"
"Missing you."
My smile grows larger.  "I miss you too.  You haven't been to visit me in a long while"
He frowns.  "With Barstowe being back, I've got double the work to do.  And to make matters worse, the man is in a horrible mood."
"He's been on your back?"
"He's constantly snapping at me and getting furious over the littlest mistakes."
"What's wrong with him?" I ask, bothered that he's messing with my friend.
"You are," he says quietly.
"Me?"
"He isn't over you.  I don't blame him," Miguel mumbles quietly.
"The Mister is just being a jerk about his toy being broken," I blurt angrily.
"He's in real pain, Frida."
"Pain is what he causes with that stupid club of his," I state.
"Yeah," agrees Miguel, grumbling, "and he's sure been using it on his poor wives.  I'm not the only one who he takes his frustrations out on."
I sigh miserably.  "My poor friends."
"Anyway, can we drop this conversation about Barstowe?  It's depressing me and I don't want to be depressed when I finally get to see you."
I smile.  "Okay."
"I've got some good news for you."
"What is it?"  Who couldn't use a healthy dose of good news?
"Jana is getting out of the hospital tomorrow."
"I'm the one who's going to take care of her."
"I know," he states, smiling.
"Do you know everything?"
He grins.  "I can't help it if I'm always doing work for the Elders and overhear stuff."
"They trust you so much."
"They hardly know I'm around.  They're so used to me."
"So Jana's getting out tomorrow," I say, deep in thought.
"Yep."
"I just hope Jana will be okay at that house," I say, worried.  "It's pretty crazy there."
His eyes turn solemn.  "I know, Frida.  I know."

When I arrive at the Grinder house, Jana is already there.  She lies in bed with a faraway look on her face.  I try to talk to her but she answers in monosyllables.  Her pallor is a greenish tone and her eyes lack any vivacity.  According to what Miguel had told me last night, she had a few cracked ribs, numerous lesions, a broken arm, and a severely sprained leg.  
Jana isn't well.  She isn't well at all.  And in my estimation her emotional health is even worse than her physical one.  I try to comfort her, but she doesn't respond.
I'm reluctant to leave her, but Grinder had made it clear that I had to assume my responsibilities in the house along with taking care of Jana.  I try to divide my time amongst the two duties.  I clean a while and then go check on her.  I worry that her state is always exactly the same.  She hardly makes any movements.
"Hurry up with your cleaning," snaps Cordelia.  "You're so slow today!"
I have to lessen my visits to Jana.  Speeding up my work, I want to get back to her as soon as possible.  Even though she's in a zombie-like state, I feel she knows I'm there.  When I had first arrived and I had spoken to her, one teardrop fell from her right eye.  
"Why won't Jana respond to me," Cordelia demands to know as I'm doing the clothes in the laundry room.
I groan.  This is what I've been afraid of, that Jana has to put up with Cordelia's idiocies.  If I'm in the same room, maybe I can find a way of curtailing them,
"She's sick," I say simply.
"Does she talk to you?"
"No, she hasn't said a word to me."
"Not anything?"
"No."
"This seems fishy to me," she snaps, her tone angry.
"Fishy?"
"She's milking her condition!"
"What?" I ask incredulously.
"She's faking!"
"She's got a cast on her arm and a sprained leg.  How can she be faking that?"
"A broken arm isn't such a big deal."
I want to strangle her.  "I understood that she's got cracked ribs and lesions all over the place."
"She was in the hospital for weeks.  She should be healed by now."
"I'm sure those injuries take time."
"Shut up, servant-girl.  You don't know anything," she retorts stomping off.
Quickly finishing the last of my chores, I rush to Jana's room.  If Cordelia is with her, there's no telling what kind of havoc and damage she's brewing.  There's no telling what kind of evil she's spewing.  I hope I can help with this situation.  I badly hope so.  
As suspected, she, along with the other family-wives, stand around Jana's bed.  She's praying fervently.
"Please, Great Master, forgive this sinful child of yours.  She deserves all the punishment you give her, but we beg for her anyway."
I'm forced to keep my mouth shut.  If I interrupt their prayer, Grinder may throw me out of the house and who'll take care of Jana?  I can't let that happen, so I have to stay silent as I listen to Cordelia's accusations in disguise of a prayer.  Fortunately, it doesn't last for much longer.  
The family-wives open their eyes.  Jana is still staring off into space as if oblivious to what's going on around her.  I hope she doesn't wake up to this.
"Family-wives," Cordelia says, "We need to keep praying throughout today."
I want to sigh in frustration.  They'll probably be in and out of this room for the whole day.
"Yes, head-wife Cordelia," they say in unison.
"We've got to try to save this sinner from the clutches of the evil creature."
"Yes, head-wife Cordelia."
"This is the home of the Great Master's son, and we have to make sure we're worthy of it.  We need to make sure evil doesn't try to take over it!"
"Yes, head-wife Cordelia."
The wives seem like robots to me.  Maybe that's what too much brainwashing does.  It turns off your brain lights. 
"Let's pray in silence for a few minutes," Cordelia demands.  They bow their heads one more time and I groan inside, wondering when this entire charade will be over.
A few seconds later, Cordelia suddenly starts jerking around in spastic movements.  I'm not sure what to do, but one of the wives rushes over to her.
"Are you okay, head-wife Cordelia?" she cries one with a frightened voice.
"The Great Master has just spoken to me!" Cordelia wails.
"What did he say?" asks another wife.
"Jana, you are to get up off the bed and walk!" she demands.  "If you don't then the evil creature is inside of you and we have to get rid of him at all costs!"
She's talking about murdering Jana!



Chapter Seven

"The Great Master has told me that Jana is to either dispel the evil from her body or she must go with the creature to the inferno!" assures Cordelia, her eyes wild and crazed.
I don't know what to do!  But I do know that there's no way I'll let her murder my friend!  How do I stop this?
"Get up, Jana!  Get up!"
Jana keeps looking past her with a faraway look.
"You'd better wake up from your evil!"
What do I do?
"Get up, you sinner!"
Think of something, I tell myself.
"Get off that bed!  I order you!"  Cordelia grabs some scissors from the nightstand.  I swiftly move towards her, trying to keep the tragedy from unfolding.  The wives rush in front of me and create a strong barrier.  I lurch towards them anyway but they shove me back, knocking me to a wall.  I stumble up, catch my fleeing breath, and I keep trying to break past them with my own furious force, but there's too many of them against just one of me.  
"You'd better stop your insolence, servant-girl," snaps Cordelia as she points the scissors at me.
I have to think of something before she plunges the scissors into Jana or me.  
"I will cleanse you with these," Cordelia tells Jana, indicating the sharp scissors, "if you don't wake up!"
It occurs to me in my panic that Grinder is in the house.  I open the door as if I'm about to leave, but I pretend to change my mind and don't close it again.
"Wake up!  Wake up from the coma the evil creature has you in!"  The rest of the wives start chanting along with Cordelia.
"What's all this noise?" asks Grinder with annoyed irritation as he steps into the bedroom.  The wives look at him with surprise as if not expecting him.  No one says anything.  "What's going on here?!"  His eyes open wide when they fall on the scissors.  Rushing to Cordelia, he snatches them out of her hands.  As he throws them out the open window, his face burns with fury.
The wives stare at him, flabbergasted.  I had taken the gamble of leaving the door open because I was positive that he wouldn't allow anyone to kill Jana.  The repercussions it might bring Grinder with the other Elders would stop the murder.  Besides, his ego wouldn't allow anyone else but himself to kill one of his wives.   
"Cordelia, what's going on here?!!!" he demands to know.  I don't think I've ever seen him this furious.  "I'm not asking again!"
"The Great Master spoke to me," she says in a feeble voice.
"The Great Master what?" he roars.
"He said that if Jana doesn't stand up to walk, I should send her to the evil creature where she'll be punished for the wrong she's done to you."
"Why would the Great Master be talking to you?  Who are you but just a wife?!"
"Highest Holy Grinder--"
"Do you in your feeble mind realize what kind of trouble you would've caused me if you had killed her?"  His eyes are twitching with rage.
"Highest Holy Grinder, I was just trying to honor you," Cordelia gulps, tears run down her fearful face.
"Come with me!" he yells as he strides over to her and snatches her by the shoulder.  
"Please don't hurt me, Highest Holy Grinder," she pleads in between harsh sobs.  
"You really asked for it!" he snaps, dragging her with him.
The family-wives stare fearfully at each other as we start hearing the shrieks and sounds of explosive violence.  Thud!  Thud!  Thud!  The noise doesn't seem to have a stopping point and nor do Cordelia's cries.
After an eternal moment, Cordelia's voice is suddenly silent.  Grinder calls us to the living room.  Cordelia is slumped on the floor next to the stairs.  She makes no motion as he stands over her, the discipline club still jerking in his hand.
"Is she dead?" asks one of his wives, her voice shaky.
"Of course not!  She's just a little bruised.  Get her in her room and in bed!"
"Aren't you going to take her to the hospital?" another wife murmurs.
"No!"
He'd rather see her die than let the other Elders see how out-of-control he is.  I'm disgusted.  
The doorbell rings, and our eyes automatically shift to the door.  Grinder frowns furiously.  He strides to it, probably to get rid of whoever is on the other side of the door himself.  When he opens it, it's another Elder.
"I thought I'd come over to discuss--"  He stops himself when he sees Cordelia.  Rushing to her, his face is horrified as he kneels to take her pulse.  "What happened to her?"
"She fell off the stairs," Grinder lies nervously.
"We've got to get her to the hospital immediately!  Her pulse is barely there!"  He pulls out his cell phone and within minutes, the emergency jeep is here.  As the Elder carries her outside, I return to Jana.  She hasn't moved a muscle.  In fact she looks unfazed by what just happened.  I wonder if she'll ever be back to normal.

A week passes and the Grinder household is much more peaceful without Cordelia.  She's still in the hospital.  Apparently, she's in worst shape than Jana ever was.  Grinder seems to be in meetings all the time so I hardly see him.  Thankfully!  I have a feeling the other Elders aren't buying his story about her having fallen off the stairs.  It's just a sensation I have at the pit of my stomach.
Meanwhile, Jana's coloring is doing much better.  The greenish tone is gone.  I try everything I can to get Jana to eat and speak.  She barely tastes her food but I get her to eat some of it every day.  Still, I can't seem to get her to snap out of her zombie-like state.  When I finally get her to give me a yes or a no, I feel I've made a major accomplishment.
"Do you want me to open the curtains?" I ask her.
"Yes."
"It's so beautiful outside," I say, sliding the window up.  "Would you like to go out today?"  She had answered me with a no the past few times I had suggested it, but I am still hoping she'll change her mind.
"Yes."
I'm so thrilled that I rush to the closet to get the wheelchair the hospital had loaned her.  With difficulty, I maneuver her into the chair.  It is a difficulty I gladly welcome if I can get her out in the fresh air.  Maybe she'll start coming alive again.  
As I wheel her out of her bedroom. I feel incredibly grateful that she's on the first floor of the house or we wouldn't have been able to do this.  A small smile spreads on her lips when we're outside and she sees the radiant spring day.  I move her to a huge Maple tree where her eyes focus on a bird's nest on one of the branches.  The chirping sounds that reach our ears seem like a tonic to her.
"Happy birds," she says.  I'm so relieved that she is speaking that I embrace her.  My impromptu action surprises her, but she firmly squeezes back.
"They're happy birds alright," I state when I let her go.  "I think they're bluebirds."
"They're free," she mumbles sadly.
I don't know what to say.  
"Free, free, free."
I nod solemnly.
"Will we ever be free?"
I want to say something hopeful, but I can't.  "Maybe," I manage to say.
"Maybe," she repeats.
"Jana, what do you say if we just enjoy the moment?"
She nods.
"Everything is so pretty out here.  We can stay here for the rest of the day."
Her face clouds as if a thought disconcerts her.  "Where is he?"
She didn't name him but I know who she's talking about.  "I heard him say he'd be gone all day."
I thought the news would make her happy.  Instead tears start flowing down her cheeks in a rainstorm.
"Why did he do this to me, Monica?" Jana asks, the words choking in her own throat.  "What did I ever do to him?"



Chapter Eight

After Jana had asked me that awful question, I had pondered it in my head for the rest of the day.  What have we done to the Elders and the Masters to make them treat us this way?  Why do they feel they have a right to our lives?  Don't they have beating hearts?  Don't they ever feel any remorse whatsoever?  Does the Mister ever think about having murdered Betsey?  Does Grinder feel even a small pin prick of guilt over having put two girls in the hospital?
Are these Masters of Paradise Village nothing short of monsters?
When it starts getting dark, I wheel her back into her room and maneuver her to her bed.  The family-wives made a chicken soup, so I put some in a bowl to feed Jana.  They grimace at me, but I ignore them.  Without Cordelia, they're pretty harmless.
  As Jana is taking another spoonful of soup, Grinder storms in.  Jana starts choking on her food, and I quickly thump on her back.  She stares at Grinder with terrified eyes as if she's seeing the most horrible vision imaginable.
"How are you feeling?" he snaps.
"Fine," she mumbles, barely audible.
"You've caused me a lot of trouble!"
Jana's eyes grow rounder, and she tries to sink into the mattress.
"You and Cordelia have really messed up my life!"
Jana throws up a hand with her fingers spread out as if subconsciously trying to protect herself from any blows.
"The Great Master is my witness as to what bad wives you both are.  I don't know why I have to put up with this!  I'm the son of the Great Master!"
Why is he still on that ridiculous lie?
"Are you going to change your ways, Jana?!"
"Yes, Highest Holy Grinder," she mutters.
"Are you going to submit yourself to the rules of the Great Master?"
"Yes, Highest Holy Grinder."
"Are you going to stop being rebellious, disrespectful and sassing me when I try to correct you?"
Did he really believe the total garbage that Cordelia and he made up about Jana? He had hit her over an oatmeal cookie.  Has he forgotten that and has he brainwashed himself?  
"Yes, Highest Holy Grinder."
"You'd better," he threatened as he strode out the door.  "Next time, I might not be so merciful with you."
When he closes the door, Jana starts to weep.  Her cries break my heart.  After she calms down I try to get her to finish her soup.  She doesn't and instead falls asleep amidst her tears.  I go to the kitchen to wash the dishes.  The family-wives have eaten all the soup not leaving even a drop for me.  But that's okay.  I'm not very hungry anyway.  
As I'm pouring soap into the water, their voices from the living room reach me.  They are agitated and upset.
"Why won't they let us see her?"
"She's still very sick."
"But she's our head-wife, and we should be able to visit her."
"Highest Holy Grinder doesn't want us to."
"It's all Jana's fault.  Why is the Great Master testing our faith through her wicked ways?"
"I don't know.  Only the Great Master knows his own mind."
"That girl is such a bad seed here.  She's so sinful and evil."
"She's conniving and vicious."
I just can't believe how thorough their brainwashing has been.  Jana is one of the softest and kindest souls I know.  How can they not realize this about her?  They've been living with her long enough!  Why are they allowing fiction in their brains when they know the truth?
"She does nothing but cause trouble in this house."
"We'll be watching her every minute when she gets out of that bed."
It is then that fear explodes inside of me.  Jana's life here is going to be even more miserable than before.  And what's going to happen when Cordelia returns?  I'm certain that she'll make Jana pay for what Grinder did to her.   
When I step out the door that night to go to the slave quarters, my heart is so heavy that I drag myself forward.  I'm surprised to find that Miguel is waiting for me.  He gives me a smile like he always does, but I notice it's not as bright as his usual one. 
"I'm walking with you," he whispers.
 I smile but I worry about him.  Something is on his mind.  I have to wait until we're in our private area to ask him.
"What's wrong?" I question.
He ignores my question.  "The Elders are really after Grinder because another one of his wives landed in intensive care."
"I'm assuming they didn't buy that Cordelia fell down the steps."
"No, not even for a second."
"Why don't they do something about Grinder?" I ask, frustrated.
"They're keeping an eye on him."
"They need to do more than that!"  I realize my temper is flaring and my voice is escalating, so I clamp my mouth shut before someone catches my voice in the wind.
"I know," he states, his voice miserable.
"Can't they see how dangerous he is?" 
"Until Grinder does something directly to them, they probably won't do anything serious about him."
It doesn't take a genius to see how selfish human beings can be.  It only matters to the Elders if their interests are taken care of.  They must really believe they're entitled to everything including other human beings.
"I hope they pay for what they've done to us," I growl.
Miguel eyes me with a strange and pained look.
"You don't agree?" I ask him.
"It's not that."
"Then what is it?" I question with curiosity.  He's been acting odd tonight.  Maybe now he'll tell me what's going on with him.
"There's a reason I was able to walk home with you," he mumbles quietly.
"Why is that?"
"Barstowe ordered me to."
My mouth turns dry.  I bad feeling comes over me.  I almost don't want to ask the next question but I have to.  "Why would he do that?"
"He decided that he still wants to marry you."



Chapter Nine

"What?!!!"
"He wants to marry you," Miguel insists.
"That can't be true!"
"Frida," he tells me with an urgent whisper, "please lower your voice."
I take a huge gulp and tell myself to calm down.  "Why would he want to marry me with a burned arm?"
"All he told me tonight was to keep looking after you because he decided he wants to marry you."
"Does he want you to stay close to me because he's afraid the Elders might do something to me since he wants to go against the rules?"
"He's afraid the Elders might want to kill you to keep the status quo as it is."
We don't speak for the rest of the walk to the slave quarters.  Miguel throws me concerned sidelong glances, but he knows to leave me alone in my thoughts.  I'm so full of devastated emotions that I have to remind myself not to sink into oblivion like Jana.  I had been so sure I had dodged a bullet.  Why does the Mister want to marry me?  The last time he seen me he had stared at my arm with disgust.  He must know that the scar won't ever disappear.
I just don't understand what's going on with him.
"I'm sorry, Frida," Miguel says before I open the door to where I live.
I nod at him before I step in.  That night I hardly get a wink of sleep.

The next day after church I'm getting ready to head to the Grinder household.  Miguel stops me.  
"You won't be going there anymore," he whispers, making certain no one can hear that he's not stuttering.  We're actually alone on the street.
"What do you mean?" I ask, panicking.
"Barstowe doesn't want you anywhere near Grinder."
"But what about Jana?"
Miguel shrugs unhappily.  "He wants you to resume your duties at his house."
We start moving towards the Barstowe household.  My concern for Jana is eating me up alive.  What's going to happen to her with all those vipers in the Grinder horror home?
When we arrive at the Barstowe house, I stand at the door unable to open it.  I have an overwhelming urge to run the other way.  Maybe I can live in the cemetery!  Maybe I can survive there!
Miguel seems to read my thoughts and shake his head.  "Get it over with, Frida," he whispers.  "There's no other way."
I nod and force myself to open the door.  "Good luck," he whispers as he leaves.
I step into the house, my heart beating fast, and scorching flames rushing through me.  Why had the Mister changed his mind?  I'm so furious that I want to explode with the burning juices of my stomach. 
Stacy is in the living room and lights up when she sees me.  "Monica, I'm so happy to see you!"  She hugs me and I hug her back.
"It's good to see you too, Stacy."
I'd actually see her and my other friends of this house at church, but they sat at another pew, and we weren't allowed to talk to one another.
"I'm so glad you're here."
Agatha, Bernice, and Lauren step in and gleefully join us in a group hug.  Smiles and laughter resound in the room.
"You have no idea how much we've missed you," Agatha states.
"I've missed you too."
"Everything has changed here since Master Barstowe got back," whispers Bernice.
I nod, showing them I understand.  The time without him was like paradise for all of us.
Stacy's face clouds as she turns to me.  "That reminds me," she mutters, "Master Barstowe said he wanted to see you in his study as soon as you got here."
The smile drops off my face.  
"Sorry," Stacy whispers.  
I take a deep breath and force myself to head towards the Mister's study.  The other ladies stare after me with concern.  When I knock on the door, the Mister immediately answers.
"Come in!  Come in!" he yells excitedly.
I make my face as passive as possible, so he doesn't see how miserable I am.  My unhappiness could cost me a few blows from his club.  "You needed to see me, Master Barstowe?" I ask when I open the door.
"Little Bird," he gushes, "I've been waiting for you! Come sit!"
I amble over to the chair in front of his desk and plop down.  His face is lit up like a boy with a new toy.
"First of all," he says as he pulls a beige towel from a drawer in his desk and hands it to me.  "Put it over your ugly scar."
I do as he tells me, fury burning inside of me.
His eyes sweep over me.  "You're as beautiful as ever.  It's just a matter of hiding the horrible arm."
I'm burned.  You can't sweep it under a rug or conceal it with a stupid towel.
His eyes tear up.  "My Little Bird, I haven't been able to stop thinking about you, about our love cut short by an evil girl!"
I really don't want to hear this.
"Little Bird, a love like ours can't be ended just like that!  I'm not going to let a tragedy keep us apart.  I've decided to marry you even with your disfigurement.  Rest assured that I'll never hold it against you."
He actually thinks he's being heroic, that he's doing me a favor by forcing me to marry him.
"I'll be going against the Elders but I don't care!  True love can't be stopped by anybody!"
I want to roll my eyes, but I force myself not to.
"The solution to your grotesque arm is simple.  I don't know why I hadn't thought of it sooner, and we wouldn't have had to spend so much time apart.  From now on you'll only wear long sleeves.  I'll have the new clothes sent to you immediately."
Does he really think it's all so simple?
"We're all set!  You'll have your sacred surgery tomorrow, and we'll get married next week!"



Chapter Ten

I finish my chores at the Barstowe house with a knot stuck in my throat.  Several times, I have to force angry tears from seeping out of my eyes.  By the time I get back to the slave quarters that evening, I'm exhausted from trying to take control of my emotions.
Helga is busy with one of the other girls so I walk straight to my bunk without saying anything to anybody.  As I near it, I notice someone sitting on it.  A little girl.  I sigh.  It must be the new abductee, the one Helga had told me about.  I set aside my own emotions of feeling sorry for myself and focus on the poor child.  
She looks terrified.  Her round, dark eyes dart all over the shack and her little face twitches with nervous energy.  I walk up to the brown hair/brown eyed girl and introduce myself.
"Hi, I'm Monica."  I'd rather give her my real name but that would get me in trouble.
"Hi," she manages to say, her eyes on me as if not knowing what to think of me yet.
"What's your name?" I ask, sitting next to her.
"I'm Haley, but they tell me I'll have a new name by next week," she mutters.  
"How old are you, Haley?"
"Six."
"I thought it would be good to put her with you, Monica," states Helga who had walked over to us.  "I'm not very good with kids.  You don't mind, do you?"
"I'm happy to help."
"You'll have to sleep on the top bunk.  She seems to be afraid of heights."
"I don't have a problem with the top bunk," I assert.
"She looks like you, you know."
"You think so?"
Helga nods.  "Yeah."
After prayers, Haley starts weeping softly.  I put my arms around her and comfort her.
"Can you help me get to my mommy?"
I stare at her without saying anything.  I don't know what to say.  I don't want to break her heart any further by telling her I can't get her to her mother.
"My mommy loves me."
I nod.
"They say she doesn't, but I know she does."
I nod again.  I'm hoping she keeps that thought with her.  It looks like the brainwashing the Elders have done so far hasn't worked.  

The next day Miguel goes with me to the hospital.  He's to stay with me through the procedure.  When we're in a private area, I turn to him.
"Do you know how Jana is doing?" I ask anxiously.
He hesitates as if he doesn't want to tell me.  "She's, uh, okay."
"Tell me the truth," I demand.
"She hasn't wanted to eat anything since you left."
I frown.  "Is she still speaking?"
"Not a word.  She stares off into space."
"She was starting to come out of her coma." 
"Well, she's back to it."
"Is Cordelia out of the hospital yet?"
"No, she's still in."
I'm relieved.  "Maybe that'll buy Jana some time before the witch gets out."
"It looks like Cordelia will have some long term problems with that beating that Grinder gave her."
"She's got some long term problems already that have nothing to do with what Grinder did to her," I snicker.
"You really hate her?"
I have to be truthful with him.  "Yes."
"Be careful with that."
"I know how to hide my feelings," I state.
"I don't mean that."
"Then what do you mean?"
"Hate can eat you up," he asserts.  
"I can't help it.  Every time I think about what is being done to us, I can't help but hate the Elders and the Masters."
"Just be careful that all that hate doesn't eat you up."
We arrive at the hospital and silently stay in the waiting room.  Many long windows permeate the wall to the outside.  The view is very pretty with shrubbery and trees outside.
"Be a good patient and I'll take you outside after I finish," says a nurse as she wheels a patient from the hospital rooms towards where Miguel and I are at.  I hope it isn't who I think it is.  "Meanwhile, I'll let you stay in the waiting room."
It's Cordelia, alright.  She twists her face as soon as she sees me.
"What are you doing here?" she snaps at me when the nurse leaves.
"Surgery," I say nonchalantly.
"Surgery?  For what?"  She has a gleam in her eye as if she's hoping I have something really wrong with me.
"Sacred surgery?"
"What?!!!"
"Sacred Surgery," I repeat.
"You're lying to me," she snaps, furiously.
"M-M-Monica is not l-l-lying," Miguel declares, his voice sounding insulted.
"Who would want to marry you with your grotesque arm?"  Her eyes go to my burn, but I had already received a few long sleeve blouses and am wearing one.  "Who?" she demands to know.
"Master Barstowe."
"He's really going to marry you?" she questions incredulously.
"Apparently so." 
"You can't think that he could possibly love you, Monica," she snickers.
I shrug my shoulders.
"He probably wants to do right by the Great Master and feels sorry for you.  I mean, with that hideous thing on your arm you're completely unlovable."
I shrug my shoulders again.  
She's losing patience with my lukewarm demeanor.  "Monica!  Don't you care about how grotesque you are?!"
I shrug my shoulders.
"Don't you care that you will never be within the Great Master's beauty?  I doubt if he'll ever let you into his holy kingdom looking like that!"
I shrug my shoulders.
"What are you?--stupid?!"
"I think that the great creator of us all would be more interested in who we are from the inside than what we look like.  If you think that's stupid then you're entitled to your opinion."
"How dare you talk to me like that!" she roars.  "I'm a head-wife and your just a servant-girl!"
"Well, technically I'm a destiny-bride again."  
"You're just as disrespectful as Jana!"
I stare furiously at her.  There's that fiction again.  Jana would never have engaged her in this game like I just did.
"But she'll get hers and so will you!!!"
"Hey, this is a hospital," snaps the nurse who had wheeled Cordelia out.  "Why are you yelling?" she asks her.
"Monica makes me so mad!  She needs to be punished for her insolence.  She--"
"Calm down or I won't take you outside."
Cordelia's face twists further but not a peep comes out of her mouth.  She must really want to get some fresh air.  As the nurse wheels her away, she throws me a ferocious glare.  I stare back at her with a calm look until she's outside.  
"You really infuriated her," whispers Miguel with a chuckle.  
I sigh.  "She's deadly poison.  This was fun, but Jana won't be laughing when Cordelia gets released."
Miguel nods solemnly.  We stay quiet for a while.  Finally, Greta, my favorite nurse, ushers us into a surgical room.  
"Don't worry, Monica," she says soothingly, "the procedure isn't long."
"I-I-Is it p-p-painful?" asks Miguel, concern in his eyes.
"A little."
She's lying to ease me.  I had heard it was extremely painful but I'm not worried.  In my experience physical anguish isn't as bad as emotional one.  I'd gladly go through a dozen surgeries if I it would mean I didn't have to marry.  
"You'll be fine, Monica," Greta tells me.
I smile at her for being such a great caregiver.  "I'm sure I will."
Doctor Eckhold steps inside.  He's not as bad as the other Masters but still has a strong personality.  
"Ready, Monica?"
"Yes, doctor."
As he's about to give Greta instructions, the door flings open.  Grinder strides in with determined eyes that look at me with disgust.
This doesn't look good.



Chapter Eleven

"Highest Holy Grinder?" Doctor Eckhold blurts with surprise.  "What are you doing here?"
"We have to talk," he states gruffly.
"Now?"
"Yes, now."
"But I'm in the middle of a procedure--a sacred surgery and--"
"I know what's going on here!  I need to see you in private right now!"
The doctor looks completely baffled.  "Okay."
They step out of the room, and Nurse Greta stares after them with a puzzled expression.  Then she reformats her face to look at me soothingly.
"The doctor will be back soon, Monica.  Don't worry."  
I try to look comforted but I'm far from it.
"I have to get a few things ready for your surgery before the doctor returns," she says.  "I'll be right back."
As soon as she shuts the door behind her, I turn to Miguel who is as flabbergasted as I am.
”Do you think Grinder is going to have the doctor kill me?" I ask Miguel, my voice in a panic.
"He wouldn't dare," snaps Miguel.  "Not with me here and with how Barstowe feels about you."
"You really think so?"
"I'm sure of it."
"Then what could Grinder want with the doctor?" I question.
"Maybe it has something to do with Cordelia."
"But why would he stop the doctor in the middle of a procedure?"
"Grinder is arrogant," Miguel explains.  "He thinks the world should stop for him."
I nod.  That's true.  Still, I'm not satisfied with Miguel's answer.  It's a feeling I have that Grinder is here for something to do with me.  
"Don't worry, Frida," Miguel tells me.  "Nothing bad is going to happen to you."
Something already did, I want to tell him.  I'm stuck here in Paradise Village. 
The door swings open again but to my relief it's just the doctor.  Grinder isn't with him.  Doctor Eckhold looks disconcerted.  I'm worried.
"Sorry, Monica," he mumbles.
"Yes, doctor?"  What would he be sorry about?  
"We can't perform the sacred surgery today."
I prevent myself from smiling.
"You can't?" I ask, making my expression a serious one.
"The machine we use is out of order," he says uncomfortably.  "We'll have to wait a few weeks for the part."
"Well, if that's how it is then what choice do we have?"  I try to sound disappointed.  
"I'll have you notified as soon as we get the instrument."
"The instrument?" I ask.
"I mean the part," he corrects himself uncomfortably.
"Okay, doctor.  Thanks for everything."
Miguel and I leave the hospital.  Fortunately, Cordelia isn't outside anymore and I don't have to see her again.  Everything seems to be going my way!  I have just been given a reprieve from marriage for a few weeks!!!
I'm practically whistling a happy tune, but Miguel is very somber.  I decide to ignore him because I'm feeling so good.  When we arrive at a private area, I turn to him. 
"It's great news," I gush excitedly.
"Yeah."
"Why do you look worried?"
"I'll have to tell Barstowe what happened, and he'll be furious."
"If the doctor says he needs a part to operate on me then what can we do?"
"You and I know that the he was lying."
I nod quietly.  "I know," I mumble.
"Grinder is up to something.  He obviously stopped the surgery from happening.  What is he up to?"
I shrug.  "I don't know but I have a few more weeks of freedom."
Miguel thinks it's necessary that we go to the Barstowe Household.  Now without my surgery, I'll have to do my chores there anyway.  When we arrive, the Mister ushers us into his study with an angry glare on his face.
"Monica, why aren't you at the hospital getting your sacred surgery?" he questions, his voice on fire.
"Master Barstowe, the doctor couldn't do the surgery today," I answer.
"Why not?!" he roars.
"He said that he needed a part for a machine," I state.
"Y-Y-Yes, a p-p-part," Miguel reaffirms what I just said.
"Come with me, Miguelito!" he demands, bouncing out of his chair and striding to the door.  "I'm going to get to the bottom of this!
When they leave, I start my chores.  The ladies come out and I explain what's happening.  
"I won't have my sacred surgery for a few more weeks," I say.
"You don't want to marry, do you?" asks Stacy.
"No."
"You'd rather keep being a servant-girl?" asks Lauren.
"Yes, I'd much rather be one than a wife."
The Mister and Miguel come back sooner than I thought.  Master Barstowe is in a horrible mood.
"There's nothing we can do, Little Bird," he tells me.  "We'll have to wait."
Relief pours through me.
  "If the doctor operates on you now with a malfunctioning machine then it could mean your life.  We can't risk your precious life, my Little Bird."
The Mister locks himself in his study saying he's too upset to deal with anybody.  I want to throw a giant party.  Miguel tells me that he's got to take care of some business, and he'll be back later to walk with me to the slave quarters.
Finishing my chores with a light heart, I can't stop smiling.  I know I shouldn't be so thrilled since the wedding is postponed and not cancelled altogether, but if the Elders are trying to prevent it, they may succeed.
When I step out of the Barstowe household, Miguel is waiting for me on the steps.  I'm anxious to know what happened in the hospital.  He starts telling me the story as soon as we get to a private area.
"Master Barstowe tongue lashed Doctor Eckhold, but the doctor didn't budge about needing the part."
"Did you tell him that Grinder had been there earlier?"
"No."
"You didn't tell him?" I ask surprised.
"I thought it would be better for him not to know.  I don't want to make an enemy out of Grinder, and you are so happy at having a few extra weeks."
I smile.  "You can say that again."
"The Elders are planning something," he says with contemplation.  "I hope I can figure it out soon."
"They're probably just trying to prevent the Mister from marrying me.  That would mess up the way they like to do things."
"If he wants you with your burn then he'll probably prevent them from killing you when you turn thirty."
"That would definitely mess up the status quo," I state.  "That's why they're doing all this with the excuse of the hospital part."
"Yes, but they don't want to delay your marriage.  I'm sure they've got something up their sleeves to cancel the wedding altogether."
"I hope so."  



Chapter Twelve

The next few days are peaceful.  I go about my usual chores with my usual routine.  The Mister seems to have gotten over not being able to marry me right away.  I have to resume marriage classes but because of the abundant food they have for us, I actually look forward to them.  
When I learn that Cordelia has been released from the hospital, I feel an anxiety claw at me.  I'm very worried about Jana.  Miguel has told me that she hasn't improved much and keeps to her bed.  Even when Grinder threatens her with his discipline club, she still won't speak or even snap out of her faraway look.  The doctor has had to put a feeding tube in her because she refuses to eat.  The Elders already warned Grinder not to hit her.  
I wish I could visit with her but that is impossible.  Now with Cordelia in the same house with her again, who knows what'll happen.  I think about this as I'm doing my chores at the Barstowe household.  
After dinner, the Mister makes me sit next to him in the dining room to practice with utensils.  I've been practicing with them during the destiny-bride meetings so my ability to maneuver them has much improved.
""I'm glad you're taking your lessons seriously, Little Bird," he comments as he watches me use the fork to get the steak grizzle he had left for me on his plate.  I slowly maneuver the food to my mouth. 
I'm so hungry I want to gobble up the grizzle, but his discipline club sits to his right waiting for me to do anything wrong.  I chew slowly and calmly.
"Very good, Little Bird!"
I swallow lightly, and he looks ecstatic.
"You've been so good that I left you some barbeque beans.  Go ahead and enjoy them!"
I also eat them slowly.  When I finish, the Mister tells me to prepare some coffee for him.  It had been a long while since I had used my special ingredient for fear of getting caught.  I feel brave today so I go to the kitchen where I start on his coffee.
"Do you remember how I like it?" he asks gruffly.  I hadn't made him coffee in a while.
"Yes, Master Barstowe."
"I hope so," he says with a threatening voice.
Before bringing it out to him, I pull out the little jar with the secret ingredient.  I pour some of it in the Mister's favorite Santa cup and take it out to him where I put two spoonfuls of sugar in it.  
He smiles.  "I'm very glad you remember what it takes to make me happy."  He takes a huge sip.  "Excellent!  Excellent, Little Bird."
I'm glad he's enjoying his cup of coffee with dog excrement and urine.  
When one Elder after another starts arriving, I don't think much of it.  They often consult with the Mister about different issues.
"We have a surprise for you, Alcott," Grinder states when he and a few other Elders sit with the Mister in the living room.
Barstowe frowns.  "A surprise?"  It's clear that he knows they're up to something.
"We have a great surprise for you."
"What is it?" Barstowe questions wearily.
"Be patient.  It's arriving soon."
"Is it the hospital part?!" he asks excitedly.
"No, but better than that," assures Grinder.
Barstowe looks doubtful.  "Better?" 
"Much better."
Even I'm curious as to what they have for the Mister.  Maybe it'll be something that'll get me out of marrying him.  I can only hope.
"Monica, would you serve our guests coffee?" he asks in a demanding voice.
"Yes, Master Barstowe."
I grin as I go to the kitchen.  It's not often that I get to use my special ingredient on so many of the Elders.  I prepare their coffee and this time, I pour the whole bottle of dog waste in it.  When I serve the Elders the concoction, the Mister orders me to stay in case anyone needs something.
"This is the best coffee I've ever had," comments Grinder enthusiastically.
"I don't know what my Little Bird does to it, but she can sure fix coffee," the Mister states proudly.
I smile.
"If I would've known that, I would've had her prepare the coffee when she used to be assigned to my house," asserts Grinder.
"Speaking of your house," the Mister says, "how are you doing now that you have your head-wife back?"
My ears prick up.
Grinder clears his throat.  "Well, Cordelia is doing a lot better since her fall.  You have no idea how clumsy she is."
I don't know why he's still playing that game.  Everybody in the room knows he beat her almost to death.
"Is she being careful with where she steps?" asks the Mister, a certain sarcasm in his voice.
Grinder clears his throat again.  "Yes, she is."
"Is she resuming her head-wife duties?" another Elder asks.
"She's taking the reins of the household again.  I've got to admit that for the most part she's very good at keeping order in my house.  She's in Jana's room every day trying to help her out of her state."
I grimace with an anguished look on my face.   Luckily, no one sees me.
When a knock interrupts the conversation, I step over to the door to answer it.  It's another Elder.  But he's not alone.  To my surprise Haley is with him.  
Her little eyes seem relieved to see me.  She clutches a cloth doll.  What is going on?  An awful suspicion starts unraveling in my stomach.  
"I've brought your surprise, Alcott." The Elder nudges Haley to step in the house.
'What's this little girl doing here?" asks the Mister.
"Meet your new destiny-bride," Grinder gushes.



Chapter Thirteen

"What?" the Mister asks, surprised.  It's my sentiment exactly.
"She's all yours."
The Mister is speechless.
"Isn't she pretty, Alcott?"
Haley's gives me her hand as she looks at me with eyes brimming with discomfort and fear.
"Who told you I needed another destiny-bride?" roars the Mister.
"Look at how much she looks like Monica," comments Grinder.  "Don't you see?"
The Mister's eyes narrow as he eyes her.  
"Come on, Alcott.  Surely you see the resemblance," another Elder states.
"Yes," he mumbles.  "I see it."
"She'll make a wonderful wife," assures Grinder.  "She's sweet tempered, quiet, and pretty."
"What are you going to name her, Alcott?"
"I think Moira is a good name," the Mister says.  To my horror he's warming up to the idea of Haley becoming one of his wives.  
I realize their strategy.  They had used the excuse of waiting for the hospital part to bide for some time.  Meanwhile, they'll convince him to go with Haley instead of me.  Even though I want out of this wedding very badly, I don't want little Haley used as the sacrificial lamb.
"Moira is a wonderful name, Alcott," gushes Grinder.
"All we have to do now is cancel your wedding with Monica and we're set to go," another Elder states.
"Cancel the wedding?!" the Mister snaps.  "No!"
"Alcott," Grinder speaks softly, "be reasonable.  Why would you want Monica when you've got Moira?"
The Mister's eyes are furious.  "What kind of stupid question is that?"
"Alcott--"
"Don't you understand anything about true love?!"
Grinder strides over to me and pulls up my sleeve.  The Mister winces when the burned skin becomes glaringly visible.  "Alcott, this disfigured girl isn't what you should have.  You deserve much better, and we've gotten it for you.  Moira looks a lot like Monica, and she isn't a monster."
"Monica isn't a monster!!!" roars the Mister.  "Her arm might be a little toasted, but she isn't a monster!"
"Alcott, just think about it, okay?" asks Grinder.  "That's all we ask."
The Elders tell me to take Haley to the destiny-bride quarters while they continue to try to convince the Mister to drop me for her.  Miguel is waiting outside for me, but has to keep quiet for our walk.  No one, not even Haley, should know about his real nature.  He eyes me throughout with a question on his face.
When we arrive at the slave quarters, I tell Haley to go to her bunk and I'll join her shortly.  I stay outside with Miguel and quickly tell him what's happening.
"So that's what they have up their sleeve," Miguel states.
"That's it," I say miserably.  

During the next few days, I try not to think about the horror of what's happening.  The Mister insists on marrying me and even worse, he decides that Haley will also be his destiny-bride.  She's safe until she turns sixteen but while taking care of her, I start feeling anxiety to an extent I've never felt before.  
This little girl is completely pulling at my heart strings.
It's been a long time since we've had a child in the slave quarters.  In fact, I was hoping that the abductions were long past.  How wrong I was!  
I keep asking myself how can I allow things to be going on as they have been?  But at the same time, how do I stop them?  
Apparently, the Elders still hope that the Mister will change his mind about me because they still lie about the hospital part not arriving yet.  Master Barstowe gets more impatient with each passing day, but the Elders hold their ground.
In the meantime, a tornado develops inside of me.  It's swirling and swirling.  My emotions are all over the place.  Every time I see little Haley, my heart breaks off a piece.
I'm thinking a million thoughts as I stare from my window at night.  Haley is in the bottom bunk fast asleep.  I wonder if I should just take her and run to the jungle?  But that would be like killing her.  Those landmines would get us for certain.  Could we live at the graveyard?  No, the Elders would find us there for sure.
A huge ruckus resonates outside.  The fierceness of barking dogs and male voices permeate the air.  What's happening?  I ask myself.  But I'm not the only one wondering.  The whole shack wakes up, and I scrabble off the bed.  The girls are heading outside to determine what's going on.  I tell Haley to stay in bed until I can discern the circumstances.
"I'll be right back," I tell her.
Her face is flushed with fear.  "You promise?" 
"I promise."
"You'll be back for me, won't you?"
"Of course."  This seems to make her feel better because she lies back down with her doll.  I kiss her forehead before I leave.  
Once I'm outside, I'm struck speechless with the chaos erupting from all sides of Paradise Village.  People are rushing all over the place.  I try locating Miguel, but I can't find him.  He'd be able to make heads and tails of the craziness in front of me.  Finally, I find Helga in front of city hall where a large group is gathering.  This reminds me of the day Smythee died.  I don't have a good feeling in my stomach.
"What happened?" I ask her.
"Jana killed Cordelia."
"She what?"
"Jana strangled her."
I had been terrified something like this would happen with Jana's fragile state of mind and Cordelia's viciousness.  I imagine that Jana just snapped.
"Are the Elders going to put Jana in the isolation room?"  I mutter, tears slipping from my eyes, but I know that she'll be put to death with swiftness.
"She's escaped."
"What?" I ask, surprised.
"She ran into the jungle.  They've sent the dogs after her."
A huge explosion suddenly rocks us.



Chapter Fourteen

I can't speak or think straight.  That explosion can be from one or more of the dogs stepping on landmines, I keep telling myself.  Not necessarily from Jana.  No.  She's not dead.  She's out there hiding.  I have to believe it or go crazy.
I don't know how long these thoughts run through my mind when Miguel finds me.  His light green eyes look at me with worry.
"A-A-Are you o-o-okay, M-M-Monica," he asks, playing his role of a stutterer in font of the crowd that's congregated in front of city hall.
"I'll be a lot better when we hear about Jana."
He nods solemnly.
The sounds of steps resonate from the jungle.  I hold my breath.  The dogs, Jory, and some of the Elders come into view.  It's quite a pack of evil.  No Jana.  My heart wants to stop beating.
"Everything is fine," states Grinder as he breaks from the pack and stands in the middle of the crowd.  In his hands he carries a large piece of paper.  When my eyes focus better I see that it's a map.  "That sinner is dead."
I hold back the tears.  I can't let the Elders see how affected I am by this.  They revel in displaying their power and in how weak they make us feel. 
"She'll have to answer to The Great Master for what she did," states Grinder.  "Murdering a head-wife got her a ticket to the evil creature's nest!"
The crowd gasps.  I try to swallow the lump in my throat before my anger chokes me.  I'm so sick of the manipulations.  I'm so sick of the fear tactics.  
"Go back to your beds, followers," orders Grinder.  "Don't forget to thank the Great Master for taking care of us."
Haley's little face lights up when she sees me.  I tell her she should be asleep by now.  She falls into a slumber only a few minutes later.  I close my eyes but don't fall asleep for a long, long time.

"The hospital part is here, Little Bird!"  the Mister tells me excitedly.  My mouth turns dry and all I can do is stare at him.
"Your sacred surgery is set for tomorrow," he states gleefully, " then we'll be married next week."
For the rest of the day I'm numb.  I'm numb during Cordelia's funeral at the church where she is put on the marble slab even though she's already dead.  I'm numb when Grinder has us pray for her safe passage into his kingdom.  I'm numb when he calls for the Great Master to have the murderer punished to the highest extent.  
I'm numb when Doctor Eckhold steps up to me after the service is over and tells me he had originally scheduled the operation for the next morning but it would have to be during the evening.  What difference does it make?  I'm stuck having to marry the Mister.
After I finish my cleaning duties at the Barstowe household, Miguel walks with me to the slave quarters as usual.  He tries to get me to talk at a private area, but I only answer him with short words.
"Frida, are you okay?"
I shake my head.
"Everything's going to be fine, Frida," he tells me with a steady voice.
"No, it's not."
"Frida--"
"How can you tell me that?" I snap.  "You know it's not true!  Nothing will ever be okay as long as we live here."
He eyes me painfully.  "We have to make the best of it," he mumbles.
"I know how you try to look at the sunny side of things," I snap, "but I just can't do that!"  I realize I'm getting loud and bring my voice down a few decibels.  "I can't see the glass half full, especially with everything that's happened."
  "Sorry, Frida," he says miserably.  "I understand but there isn't much we can do."
"I know," I sigh.  "Jana is dead.  Tomorrow I'll have my surgery.  Next week I'll be married to the Mister."
"Sorry, Frida."
"In a few more years the Mister will marry Haley.  By then she'll have her spirit broken like me."
"Your spirit isn't broken," he rushes.
"Not as much as Jana's was, but it is.  Poor Jana," I cry.  Just thinking of her makes my heart twist in pain.  "It haunts me to think about how scared poor Jana must've been when running into the jungle with the Elders and dogs after her.  She preferred to face landmines than what was behind her."
He solemnly eyes me.  "I guess in a way it was better that an explosion got her instead of the dogs."
"The dogs," I mutter.  They were so lethal.  They would've torn her apart, but she had stepped on a landmine.
A thought suddenly occurs to me.  A very clear realization.  A huge one!  It's something I hadn't figured out before!
"Miguel, all the dogs got back, right?"
"Yes, why?" he asks with curiosity.
"None of them exploded."
"I suppose not."
I stay quiet as we keep ambling over to the slave quarters.  My mind is too busy for me to talk.
"Frida, what's going through your head?" he questions, concerned.
"Nothing."
"Your whole demeanor changed."  
"It's nothing."
"Are you sure?" he asks, unconvinced.
"Yes."
He eyes me with a sidelong glance until we arrive at the shack.  I thank him like I usually do but this time, after ascertaining that we're alone, I give him a fast hug.  He clings to me but I lightly push him back before someone sees us.
"What was that hug for?" he asks, his eyes steadily on me and a smile in his voice.
"I wanted to tell you how much your friendship has meant to me."
"Why tell me now?" he asks suspiciously.
"Better late than never."
Before opening the door to the slave quarters I say, "Bye, Miguel."
"I'll see you tomorrow, Frida."
No, you won't, I tell him in my head as I step in the shack.  A quick plan had formed in my head.  I didn't tell Miguel about it because he had once stopped me from leaving Paradise Village.  I'm certain he'd do it again.
I'm going to escape tonight.



Chapter Fifteen

"Don't be scared, Little One," I whisper to Haley. "You're a brave girl.  You don't need me to be brave."  
I have to prepare her without actually telling her that I'm leaving.  
"You're getting married next week, right?"
"I'm sorry.  I can't take you with me."
Tears form in her eyes.  "I'll be very sad."
"Promise me you'll be brave." 
She eyes me with falling tears.
"Promise me you'll be brave," I repeat with more firmness.
"Okay," she says in a small voice.  "I promise."
I force myself to stay awake as hours pass by.  It actually isn't that difficult even when I sleep deprived from the day before.  I think about my life in Paradise Village and my fury keeps me alert.  
Faces of dead girls and boys visit me.  Jana's eyes cry out to me.  The Mister's discipline club menaces me.  Bledsoe's confession to Smythee about all of us being mere pawns in their games makes every liquid in me boil.
Total garbage.
Garbage, garbage, garbage.
All being crammed into us.
Grinder's even crazier antics.  Son of the Great Master.  Please!!!  The changing of birthdays.  The sadistic head-wives.  Girls set against one another.  Bullying each other.  Hating one another.
The status quo murders.
Putting us to death when we turn thirty.
Killing us when the Elders decide we're not good enough to be alive. 
Paradise for them.  Hell for us.
I wait until Haley and everyone else in the slave quarters is fast asleep.  I have no doubts about what I'm about to do.  I'm tired of waiting for something to happen.  I'll go after my freedom even if I die trying.  
I quietly grab my boomerang, put it under my shirt, and start sneaking outside.  The night is dark with not even a full moon to help me.  It's a half one but I tell myself that I can't think about that.  I'll have to find my way one way or another.  The air is crisp and cool but not cold.  At least I have that going for me.
Paradise Village is so quiet at this time of night.  The only ones awake are the guards on the main road.  I have to make sure I don't make any noise that might alert them since sound travels fast in such a small place.  
"Where are you going?" a voice startles me in the dark.  I turn around with a shaking heart to find Helga behind me.
"I'm going to the outhouse," I state quickly.
"Really?" she asks sarcastically.
"Yes."
"You're lying."
"Why would I be lying about going to the outhouse?"  I make my voice sound indignant.
"Where are you going, Monica?" she questions with a stern voice.
"I already told you."
"Where are you really going?"
"How many times can I repeat myself?"
She plops down on a boulder and motions me to do the same.  "Sit," she commands, patting the area next to her.
I have no choice but to do as she tells me.
"Do you know how dangerous it is in the jungle?" she snaps.
"I know."
"Do you?"
"I'm going to the outhouse and not--"
"Let's stop the pretences," she snarls.  "Do you know how I got the scars on my face?"
"The dogs."
"But do you know why they bit me?"
"No."
"I was trying to escape."
I look at her with surprise.  "Really?"
"I didn't get very far when the dogs had at me.  The only reason they didn't tear me to pieces was that the Elders stopped them."
This is the first time I hear any of this.  And I'm also surprised that the Elders had stopped the violence.  Usually hey revel in it.
"They thought it would be a good way to have a living reminder of what the dogs can do," she mutters an answer as if reading the questions in my mind.
Helga's face served to scare most people in Paradise Village from the dogs.  Their twisted scheme had worked.
"I guess you're not necessarily afraid of the dogs since they don't seem to want to bite you," she continues.
I nod. 
"Don't be so secure about that, Monica.  If  the Elders order them to, they might just make mincemeat out of you."
"I'm not scared," I state.
"Don't be a fool."
"I'm not a fool," I snap.
"You are if you think you can leave here in one piece.  Even if the dogs don't get you, the Elders will.  That is if the landmines don't get you first."
"Did you think of that before you tried to escape?"
She swallows hard.  "Yes."  
'Then why did you do it anyway?"
"I was desperate."
"So am I," I assert.
"Desperation isn't a good adviser."
"Nor is cowardice."
"Monica, you know I can't let you go," she states.
"Just go back inside and pretend you never same me, Helga.  Do it for the memory of the desperate girl you once were."
"You're crazy if you think I'm going to let you escape."  



Chapter Sixteen

"Helga, please let me go," I plead.
"You'll die out there.  I don't want that on my conscious."
"You don't even like me."
"Yes, I do."
"Not too long ago, you used to hate me," I remind her.
"Things are very messed up in this place.  I thought I hated you, but I really didn't."
"Helga, I always knew you had a heart."
"I haven't always had one.  I've only just grown a beating heart."
The change in her during the past few weeks was remarkable.  She had even stopped calling Miguel names.  
"I'm glad you're so different now." 
She grimaces.  "Don't spread it around or I won't be able to do my job."
"I won't."
"You've opened my eyes to a lot of things, Monica.  I'm grateful to you."
"If you're so grateful, why won't you let me leave?"
"I already told you.  It's too dangerous."
"I'll be okay," I assure her.
"You'll explode on a landmine before dawn."
"I won't."
"How will you prevent it?  The jungle is booby trapped."
"I've figured out a way."
Helga eyes me carefully.  "What way?"
I wonder if I should tell her.  I have to convince her to let me go.  "None of the dogs died in the jungle yesterday."
Her eyebrows shoot up.  "You've figured it out," she says, surprised.
"You've figured it out too?"
"It's still very dangerous out there, Monica."
"I know what I have to do."
"I still can't let you go."
I let out an exasperated breath.  "Helga--"
"I can't let you go until I give you something."  She bounces off the boulder and heads for the outhouse.  I don't know what to make of this.  She returns a few minutes later with a black bag.
"What's that?" I ask.
"I've been collecting these for a while."  When she opens the bag, I see a flashlight, a Swiss knife, matches, a notebook, and a water canteen in it.  "I don't know why I tried to escape with nothing like you're doing now, but through the years I picked up things here and there."
"You were planning to escape?"
"Yes, but I haven't had the nerve to do it.  I had more guts when I was younger.  I guess I've seen too many deaths at the Elders' hands."
Then she tells me her story of when she was stolen from an orphanage.  She had tried several times to run away to get to her father but never succeeded and guessed that the caretakers probably thought she had run away again.  When she was brought to Paradise Village she promised herself she'd escape as soon as she could.  Then she figured out what I had, but the dogs had gotten to her.  
"Are you sure you want me to have this?" I ask her, pointing at the bag.
"I want you to have a fighting chance for all of us."
"Thanks, Helga." 
"You'd better be leaving soon.  They'll start looking for you when you don't show up for your surgery."
"Doctor Eckhold switched it to the evening."
"That may be to your benefit."
"I hope so," I state.
"Just a few tips.  Water is priority," she says as she steps over to the wash basin and starts filling up the canteen.  "Don't drink from still water no matter how thirsty you may be.  Find running water.  The notebook is something I compiled that has the right plants to eat and words of advice.  You know how to read and write, right?"
"Yes."
"I thought so.  Good luck," she says after she screws the lid back on the canteen, puts it in the black bag, and hands it to me.
I give her a huge hug.  She squeezes back.
"Go now," she says, her voice shaky.  "Don't forget about us after you reach your freedom."
"I'll never forget my friends here, Helga.  Never."
Rushing away, I don't look back.  I imagine she went back to the slave quarters.  
My heart beats fast.  My legs are energized.  I'm free for the moment.



Chapter Seventeen

I don't use my flashlight until I'm well into the part of the jungle the Elders and Masters use for hunting.  There are several reasons why I chose to start my journey here.  I'm somewhat familiar with the path, I know it's not booby trapped, and I can get much further through this route than any other.
I'm surprised that the light the flashlight provides is decent, and that it has actual working batteries.  I didn't know what to expect when Helga had given her supplies to me.  Not that I didn't trust her.  She could've already sounded the alarm if she had wanted.  But I questioned her ability to get working batteries.  Apparently, Helga is stealthier and more able than I had imagined.
I keep looking at the stars when my jittery nerves threaten to overwhelm me.  Somewhere my mama could be looking at the same stars.  If I do what I had told Haley to do--be brave--I have a chance at seeing my mama again.  I keep telling myself that with every step I take.  
She'll be so happy to see me.
She's never stopped looking for me.  I just know it.
I spot an occasional deer, but it scampers away.  I'm not sure what'll I'll do if I encounter a more dangerous animal.  Out in the forbidden zone, I doubt that I'll see too may animals.  They seem to sense it's dangerous there.  I know this because there would be explosions often if say a bear would stumble in there.  Explosions from the mine are pretty rare.
I take in a deep breath as I arrive at the cemetery.  It's dark.  Shadows of swaying tree branches show on the white grave stones.  Spooky.  Yes.  But not as scary as the Elders I tell myself.  
I meet up with Bledsoe's grave.  He got special treatment, of course.  His grave is different from anyone else's.  He's got a statue of an angel sitting on his.  How ironic!  It's the other graves that deserve this type of marker.  Evil people never know they're evil.  How does a person justify stealing another person?  
I always wondered that question.  How do the Elders and the Masters sleep at night knowing what they've done?  How do they not tell wrong from right?  It babbles me.
I walk past Bledsoe because my stomach is beginning to twist.  Even though he's not as bad as Grinder, he's still pretty evil.  There's no two ways about it.
My heart wants to suffocate me when I see Jana's grave.  She's next to Smythee.  I silently promise her that I will try to get some kind of justice for her.  I'll use every shred of energy, smarts, and abilities I have to get myself out of Paradise Village and bring the authorities here.  I can't let the Elders do to Haley what they did to me.  
No!  Never!
I'd like to pick her some wildflowers but if I put them on her grave, they'll know for certain it was me and that I came down this road.  But who am I fooling?  The dogs will probably find me.  Of course, Miguel will know I came this way because he can track me.  Hopefully I'll be long gone by the time he realizes I'm gone.  
I tell myself to hurry along.  I need to put as much distance as I can between Paradise Village and me.  I guess I'm just procrastinating because when I get to the marker sticks signaling where the landmines start, I pause a few minutes.    
What if I'm wrong?
What if my assumptions get me killed?
Maybe I should turn back and forget this half baked idea.
No!  No matter how insecure I'm feeling right now, I can't go back to Paradise Village.  My life there flashes before my eyes.  The past, the present, the future.  Having to Marry the Mister.  Putting up with Grinder's increasing insanity.
Uugggg!!!
I need to keep going.  I have to see this through even if it means my life.  Getting on my hands and knees, I start crawling slowly and carefully.
Please let this work, I keep saying in a litany.
Forcing myself to continue when I move past the markers, I listen for the click of a landmine being set off.  That's what Miguel has told me happens.  
No click!  
Crawl, crawl, crawl.
No explosion.
I take a deep breath.  I hadn't realized that I had stopped breathing until my lungs demanded air.  
Crawl, crawl, crawl.
Inching forward.
Still no clicking sound.
I think this is working.  What Helga and I had figured out was that the dogs don't set off the landmines.  They should but they don't.  It occurred to me that the landmines are probably rigged so that the dogs can't set them off.  So if I crawl, I probably won't set them off either.  Apparently it's working.  
It's a tedious endeavor, but the important thing is that I'm moving forward and away from Paradise Village.  As I had guessed, I don't see any animals along the way.  It may be because it's still dark, but I'm almost positive that the real reason is because they sense landmines.
After about an hour, I feel excruciatingly thirsty.  I drink some water from the canteen but make sure I limit myself.  I don't know when I'll be able to procure more of the lifesaving liquid.  I start crawling again.  My knees, back, and practically every part of me starts aching.
It's okay.
I won't stop no matter how much it hurts.  
I won't stop until someone kills me.
A sound reverberates in my ears.  A swooshing sound.  Running water.  A stream!  I'll be able to get water.  My mouth is as dry as dust, and I can taste dirt in my mouth.  Dawn is breaking and the darkness is leaving.  I move towards the stream.  It's not a large one, but who cares?  It's got running water and that's what's important right now.  I cup my hands and fill them with the lifesaving liquid.  It's delicious.  Drinking the last of the water in my canteen, I promptly fill it up again.
I'm very well aware that I should boil this water for health reasons.  I have matches, but I don't have a pot.  I'll just have to risk it.  After all, this whole escape is a huge risk.  
When I hear a strange sound over the noisy flow of the stream, I force myself not to panic.  It's at a distance.  Looking around, I find my salvation.  I crawl to the nearest tall tree and climb until the branches cover me.  
The sound gets louder.  Someone or something is definitely coming.  



Chapter Eighteen

I can't see through the branches in front of me.  I don't dare move them.  Sweat forms on my brow and starts gliding down my face.  I grab my boomerang from underneath my shirt.  Remembering my black bag, I quickly look at my right shoulder where it hangs from a black strap.  I hadn't left anything on the ground.
"You might as well get down from there," the voice states.
When I ignore it, the owner of the voice steps under the tree and peers up.  "Frida, get down from there."
Frowning I scramble down.  I'm furious that Miguel found me so fast.  How did he know I was gone?  Doesn't he sleep?  When I make it to the ground, I automatically get on all fours.  Miguel peers down at me with sternness.
"What do you think you're doing?" he asks, puzzled.
"Escaping," I say nonchalantly.
"You're going to get yourself killed."  
"I've been fine so far."
"You've been lucky."
"I've figured out the mines," I state with an angry undertone.
"Frida, let's just go back."
"I'm not going," I snap.
"Stop being unreasonable.  We have to return to Paradise Village."
I glare at him.  "I already told you that I'm not going back."
"Frida, please listen to reason."
"How did you know I had escaped?" I question with curiosity.
"You were acting strange last night and then you asked about the dogs.  I didn't put two and two together until much later.  I sneaked into the destiny-bride quarters and found you were gone.  Then I came after you."
"You shouldn't have," I snap.
"Frida, I--"
A thought occurs to me.  "You already had figured out that the landmines wouldn't kill the dogs, right?"
"Frida, the mines are still dangerous.  You can't crawl all the way to safety."
Another thought pops in my head.  This one is more infuriating than the last one and with more sharp edges.  "Miguel, why are you standing up?  Why aren't you crawling with me?"
His face looks uncomfortable.  "Uh . . . uh . . ."
"You know something that I don't," I snap.
"Frida, let's just please get back to Paradise Village," he says with a small voice.
"You go back.  I'm going on as planned," I state as I crawl forward.  Until I know why he's still standing up, I'm not getting off the ground.
"Frida," he stomps over to me, "you're coming with me and that is that!"
Fury burns inside of me like lava from a volcano.  "How dare you?!" I snap.  "Who do you think you are telling me what to do?"
His face crumbles.  "I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to sound like I was trying to boss you around."
"I'm sick of being told I don't know my own mind!  That someone knows me better than I know myself!"
"I'm so sorry."
"You should be."
"I'm just trying to help," he says miserably.
"What you are is a coward," I hiss.  "You knew the landmines wouldn't explode if I wasn't standing up and yet you convinced me to go back to Paradise Village the last time I tried to escape!"
"Frida, I thought it was for the best."
"Going back to that awful life where we're beaten, killed, and exposed to horrible things is the best?"
He stares at me quietly as if not finding any adequate words.
"What's wrong with you?!" I blurt furiously.
"Frida--"
"And why are you standing up?  Why haven't any landmines exploded?  Answer me!"
He looks down.
"Answer me, Miguel!"
His eyes shift up again with pure misery.  "There are no mines in this specific area," he says quietly.
My eyebrows shoot up in surprise.  "How do you know that?"
"I know where all of them are at."
I suddenly remember the map that Grinder had the day that Jana ran into the jungle.  "There's a map to the landmines, right?"
"Right."
"You know it by heart?"
"I was in charge of the crew who installed them.  Besides, I've got a photographic memory."
Stumbling up, Miguel tries to help me but I slap his hands away.  I'm so furious with him that I can't speak for a few seconds.
"What's wrong with you?" I ask him for the second time.  "You know where those things are and you haven't escaped?  In fact, you're trying to get me to go back with you.  You're a sniveling coward!"
"There is stuff you don't understand," he mumbles quietly.
"Like what?"
"I've heard the Elders say that even without the landmines, there's no escape."
"So you don't even want to try?"
"Not when it can cost you your life, Frida.  I've only got one hand.  I can't protect you."
"Who says I need your protection?" I question, angry peaks in my voice.  
"Frida--"
"I can take care of myself.  I'm tired of being told that because I'm a girl I can't make my own way!"
"I'm sorry, Frida.  You're right."
"You'd better head back to Paradise Village because no matter what you say or do, I'm not going back," I retort.  "You'd better have it clear that I'd rather die escaping than live there for even one more minute.  I can't believe you'd rather go back to slavery than risk it all for freedom."
His green eyes sit on me.  "I'm not going back either.  I'm going with you."
"I'm furious with you," I snap.  "I don't want you with me.  Go back!"



Chapter Nineteen

"I'm not going back without you," Miguel says quietly.  "I'll go wherever you go."
"Even if it means death?"
"I can't imagine my life in Paradise Village without you."
I roll my eyes.  "Let's stop the corny stuff."
"I can't help how I feel."
I roll my eyes again.  "This escape is going to be harder than I thought with you and your mushy stuff."
"You're letting me go with you?"
"Do I have a choice?" I question.
"No.  I'll follow you no matter what you decide."
Glaring at him, I groan.
  "I can be of good use to you, Frida," he continues.  "Remember that I know where all the landmines are, so you don't have to be crawling all the time.  I know this jungle to a certain extent.  I can help you."
I frown.  "You can come, but don't think I've forgiven you."
"I already told you my reasons for not wanting to leave Paradise Village," he says quietly.  "Why are you being so hard on me?"
"We could've done this a long time ago.  We could've finished escaping that time I ran away from Paradise Village, and maybe some people would still be alive like Jana."
"You don't know that."
"It's a possibility."
"You could be dead right now, Frida," he comments miserably.
"I know the risks, Miguel.  I knew them then and I know them now."
We're quiet as we start moving forward.  I allow him to lead the way since he's the one who knows where the landmines wait to explode.  The sun is fully coming out, and Paradise Village should be waking up about now.  How much time do we have before they realize that Miguel and I are gone?
"Miguel," I say, "let's get across the stream.  I heard once that the dogs can't pick up the scent in water."
He nods.  "Do it quickly.  There may be leeches in it, and I'd have to burn them off."
The cold water feels good when I jump in.  As we make out of the small, shallow stream, Miguel tells me to be careful with my footprints.  We keep to the grassy areas.  He looks very composed and sure of where he's stepping.  
"You seem very comfortable out here," I tell him.
"I've spent a lot of time in the jungle."
"Didn't losing an arm to a landmine make you scared of working with them?"
"Yes, at first, but then I got used to them again.  I didn't have a choice," he says dryly.
My face hardens.  "We never have a choice at Paradise Village."
"You know, Frida, you're going to have to do something with all that bitterness you feel inside," he states matter-of-factly.
"I'm doing something with it right now," I growl.
"I mean that you can't let it keep hurting you."
"I don't see how I can avoid feeling like I do."
He nods solemnly.  "I just don't want you to hurt yourself."
"I'm fine," I snap defensively.
He lets out a deep breath.  "Okay."
I feel a change of subject is needed.  "You never went beyond here to see what there is out there?"
"I've always had other servant-boys with me.  You know how they set us against one another so we snitch each other out."
I nod.  "They do the same with the girls," I retort.
After a few miles of hiking quietly and drinking out of my canteen, he tells me we should take a break at a deeper stream nearby.    
When we arrive my hungry stomach gives a fluttering of happiness.  The stream is a little bigger than the one before but with fruit trees aligning its sides.  We search for dangerous animals than can be lurking.  Finding none, Miguel and I swipe some bananas off one of the trees and start gobbling the fruit.  Ferocious hunger doesn't allow much for table manners.  We eat about five bananas each.  Miguel pulls out a hook with a plastic string connected to it from his pocket.
"I hope you like fish," he states.
"I'm not picky."  We both laugh at the inside joke.  Who could be choosy with the life we've let.  We were lucky to get one full meal a day. 
While he's fishing, I go through Helga's notebook.  I had seen many of the plants she had described along the way.  I start picking food off the ground.
"Avoid the berries," he tells me.  "Most of them are poisonous and they look so much like each other.  We might as well avoid them altogether."
He catches a fish for each.  As he cooks them over an open fire of sticks we had gathered, my stomach growls.  They smell so good and look so delicious.  Like the bananas, we gobble them up.  
"Do you think they know we're already gone?" I ask when I chew my last piece of fish.
He nods solemnly.
"I thought so," I say, my breath catching on itself.
"We probably have a good lead though," he says enthusiastically.
I smile with as much hope as I can muster.  "Yes, a good lead."
After Miguel boils water and then fills the canteen, we start our journey again.  We try to leave the area as we had found it with no signs leading to us.
"I've got some bad news for you," he tells me, sighing.
"What is it?"
"We're going to have to go by a swamp.  There are too many landmines everywhere else."
"A swamp?"
 "It's very dangerous."
"Well, we don't have much of a choice, do we?"  I ask him.
"No."
"Let's go then."



Chapter Twenty

"How far is the swamp from here?" I ask him.
"Not too far."
I want to take my mind off it, so I start chattering.  "Have you stayed in the jungle overnight?"
"Only once," he states.  "It wasn't too bad."
"You're lying to me, right?" I ask calmly.
"A little."
"Did you stay out here by yourself?"
"No, I was with Derek."
I thought back in order to find him in my memory bank.  Since the destiny-brides aren't allowed to form any type of relationship with the servant-boys, I'm not nearly as familiar with the boys as I am with the girls.  Luckily, Miguel had been allowed near us.  
Derek, Derek, I keep repeating in my head.  
I finally locate him.  He was the platinum blonde boy who used to like to whistle.  How could I forget?  But he had been put to sleep about five years ago.  I was still a little kid.  That's why I was having such a difficult time remembering him.
"Derek was your friend?" I ask Miguel.
He nods with pain.  I put my hand on his shoulder.  He looks at me bewildered, and I give him a comforting smile.
"No one's here to punish us for demonstrating any affection," I tell him softly.
He pats my hand.  It's a strange feeling to feel his fingers on my skin.  
"Tell me about Derek if you want," I say.
"He was a good guy."  I can hear the lump in his throat.  "He taught me a lot."
"He was your mentor?"
The servant-boys at Paradise Village were given a mentor as soon as they arrived there to show them the ropes.  Unfortunately, it is done so the new boys eventually replace the older ones.
"Yes," he says bitterly.  "He was kind, smart, and funny."
"You still miss him, huh?"
"I don't know why they have to kill us at twenty.  At least they let you live until you're thirty."
"I'm sure that they're scared you'll become too much of a threat for them after twenty.  With us, they constantly keep us in their sights, but with you they can't necessarily do that."
He nods solemnly.  ""I guess you're right."
"I think so."
"I saw Derek's grave on the way over here."
"Yeah, I saw some friends too."
"Did you see Bledsoe's grave?" he asks with an angry undertone.
"Yep, I saw it."
"I know I'm always telling you to be careful about your anger, but that grave really disgusted me."
"It disgusted me too," I state.
"He used to beat us every week with his club.  He'd make us kneel down with the dogs in front of us and beat us."
I gasp.  "I didn't know that."
"Grinder stopped doing that."
"How nice of him," I say sarcastically.
"Grinder still punishes us for being alive, but he does it differently."
"What does he do?"  I'm so surprised to hear all this.  It just goes to show that the Elders are much crueler than even I had thought.
"He starves us for days at a time, and then he makes us watch and serve food as he and the other Elders have a banquet.  Then he makes us fight each other for a slice of bread."
"I was wondering why I'd see you guys with so many bruises all the time."
"The Elders are really sadistic monsters." 
"How can you not be loaded with hatred after what they've done to you," I question, my voice sparking with flames.
He stares quietly at me.  "I'm angry but I try not to let it pull me under.  What good would it do?  Bledsoe is already dead.  If I keep thinking about what he did to me then my life will be all about him and not about me.  My thoughts will always be about him, Grinder, and the rest of the Elders instead of me trying to live my life."
"Don't you want revenge?" I blurt.
"I want justice which is very different."
"What's the difference between revenge and justice?"
"Revenge is when you want to hurt someone for what they did to you and justice is when you want to set things straight and make sure the same thing isn't done to someone else."
"Still, I'd like to see those Elders get theirs for everything they've done to us."
"I know.  I just don't want to have those thoughts take over my mind all the time.  I'd rather think about what freedom would be like."
"It'll be wonderful," I sigh.
"What's the first thing you want to eat after getting back to your true home?" he asks with a smile.
It doesn't take long for me to answer.  "I'd like to have my mother's flan."
"I'd like to have a hamburger."
"What kind?" I ask.
"Any kind.  Cheeseburger, Chiliburger, double meat, or just plain simple.  I don't care."
I chuckle.  "As long as you're free while you're eating it, huh?"
"Exactly."
"I'd love to have a big basket of French fries," I gush.
"That sounds good.  What about tacos?'
My face lights up.  "Yeah!  That would be great.  The ground beef ones were my favorite."
"I liked the carne asada ones myself."
We abruptly stop walking.  We're a few feet away from the large, murky swamp.  Standing by a tree, we stare in front of us.
Dangerous things can come out of swamps.
Suddenly, a snake drops from a branch where its lower body is entwined.  The slithery, menacing animal is right in front of Miguel, glaring at him.



Chapter Twenty-one

I react automatically and send my boomerang flying.  It takes the poisonous snake in one swoop thankfully away from us and drops the malignant animal at the other end of the swamp.  I'm startled when a baby crocodile opens its jaws and eats it with a noisy snap.  My toy comes back to me.
"Thanks," Miguel says.  
"You're welcome."
"You're boomerang is officially now a weapon."
"I'm glad I chose it instead of a doll."
Miguel nods.  "So do I."
"I hadn't used it in a while, but years of practice had come back to me."
"You don't know how grateful I am that you're so good with that thing."
"It came in handy," I comment.
  "We should keep going."
My eyes turn to the swamp at a short distance and I frown.   That crocodile might be a baby but it's still lethal.  "Are you sure we have to go through there?"
"There's no other way.  I hate taking this way myself."
I sigh a long breath.  "Okay, let's go."
"Walk the road I'm walking.  Take it slow and calm.  Don't deviate at all."
"Why slow?"
"There are landmines everywhere."
"Are you sure we won't step on one?" I question, concerned.
"Yes.  Follow me."
"Are you sure you remember where all of them are."
"I've told you before that I've got a photographic memory," he states.
"Why had I never known that about you?"
He shrugs.  "It's not important."
"I think it's pretty awesome that you have such a memory."
He shrugs again.  "I've never given it much importance."
I chuckle.  "Miguel, it may just save our lives."
"That and your boomerang.  Now, let's go."
"Okay," I say, realizing we can't procrastinate the inevitable.  I follow Miguel as we go slowly towards the swamp.  The water in it is dark and opaque, but what I fear most is what's in it.  
"We're going to be okay," he tells me.  We just have to make it out of here."
"We'll make it," I say, making my voice firm and strong.
About a feet before we arrive at the swamp, he stops abruptly.
"What's wrong, Miguel?"
He turns around and stares at me with an anguished look.
"I thought that I'd be able to make it through here but . . ."
"But what?"
"This is the most dangerous part of the jungle that I've personally been at."
"Why do you say that?" I ask, curiosity mixed with worry in my voice.
"The last time I was here I was just a little boy and . . ."
"Yes?"  I try coaxing him to talk to me.
He hesitates before speaking.  "A boy I was with died." His voice is very shaky.
"How did he die?" I ask quietly, almost not wanting to know.
"It was really awful."
"Tell me what happened."
"He was by the swamp installing a landmine when . . ."
"What happened, Miguel?" I ask gently.
He stares at me with horror filled eyes.
"What happened?" I repeat.  Even if I don't want to know I need to know.  I need to know what to expect.
"I don't want to tell you."
"You have to so that I know what I'm up against."  
He nods solemnly, seeing my point.  "An animal ate him."
"What animal?"
"An anaconda."
"A huge snake?" I blurt.  
"Yeah," he states.  "Luckily, in all the time I spent in the jungle, I only saw that one.  The Elders brought it here."
"Why would they do that?" I blurt, fire in my voice.
"Why else?"
"To make it even more dangerous for us to try to escape," I mumble.
"Yeah, right."
"Their evil knows no limits," I snap.
"No."
I sigh as I think about our situation.  Now I know why he was hesitating about coming this way.  I don't blame him.  But what choice is there?
"Miguel, are you sure there's no other way we can go?"
"This area is so booby trapped, Frida that we'll explode if we go in any other direction," he says miserably.  "The Elders made sure of that."
"What if we go back the same way we came and find another road?"
"That won't work either.  We have to go through here."
"What if we crawl like I was doing, Miguel?" I ask hopefully.
"That won't work," he insists.
"Why not?"
"Frida, in its own way the ground is as dangerous as the swamp.  There are all kinds of dangerous animals crawling around.  You're lucky nothing happened to you."
"So we don't have a choice."
"No."
I take a deep breath.  "Okay let's go."
"Frida, I . . ."
"Yes?"
He puts his hands on his face.  "I keep seeing that anaconda swooping down and taking my friend.  It happened so fast and yet . . ."
I put my hand on his arm.  "It must be awful to have a memory like that."
"It plays again and again in my nightmares."
"Will it help if we hold hands while we go?"
He smiles.  "Definitely."
His callused fingers feel good in my own rough ones.  We don't have soft, supple hands.  Hard work has damaged them.
He stares strangely at me.  "Frida . . ."
"Yes?"
"Don't get angry but I have to ask you for something."
'What is that?"  I question with curiosity and some impatience.  I'm anxious to get our dangerous walk next to the swamp over with.
"I don't want to die without having kissed you."
"We're not going to die," I assert.
"We may."
I stare back at him uncomfortably.  "Miguel, you already kissed me."
His face deflates.  "This time I want it to be consensual . . . Just forget it.  Forget I asked," he states, turning his face so he can start walking.
"Wait," I blurt.  He turns his face back to me and I quickly close the gap between us.  As my lips go to his, I think about how much I like him.  Despite having been furious with him, I'm glad he's with me.  Putting his hand gently on the back of my head, his kiss envelopes me and I'm surprised I'm actually enjoying it.  When he had stolen a kiss from me, I had thought it was gross but this time it's so different.  So different.  I don't know what changed between that time and now.  
But something did.  For sure.
We reluctantly disengage.  He smiles at me and I smile back.  "Let's go then," he says, holding my hand.   This is the first time I hold hands with a boy. It's good to be connected to someone you trust.  The kiss still tingles on my lips, but it's time to concentrate on staying alive. 
We walk steadily as we keep an eye on the water.  If the anaconda is to snatch us it'll have to take both of us.  We're quiet as we keep moving forward, not wanting to make any noise that can pinpoint where we are.
"Made it," I whisper when we get to the end of that side of the swamp.
 Something starts to happen with the water.  It seems to be opening up.  Waves ripple.  Large waves.   Scaly and lethal, the animal that sliced out of the water stares intently at us.  It's tale swinging behind it.  
It must be the mother of the baby crocodile that had eaten the snake.
I had spoken too soon.



Chapter Twenty-Two

"Don't move," Miguel says calmly.
I pull out my boomerang.
"Don't hit it," he continues. 
"Miguel, it's only a very short distance from us," I say, trying not to panic. "It's going to have us for dinner."
"It can outrun us."
"So we just stand here?"
"Trust me."
"But--"
"Trust me."
As it starts moving with its small legs, Miguel grips my hand strongly so I won't run.  It's one of the scariest things to have a crocodile rush towards you with its big eyes on you, the prey, and its huge jaws ready to snap on your flesh.
Miguel pushes himself and me to the ground, his body lying on top of me. 
"What are you doing?" I ask him, startled.
"Trust me."
I start to object when I realize what's happening.  He covers his ears and so do it. 
Then I hear it.  Even with my hands over my ears.
The click.
BOOM!
The deafening noise is so huge that my ears hurt with a piercing pain.  The vicious animal, dirt and even some water flew upward.  I am left speechless.  Luckily, the explosion hadn't sent us flying or who knows where we would've landed.
Miguel mouths something to me.  Then I realize that he's speaking, but I can't hear him.  I can't hear anything.  I realize he's asking me if I'm okay.  I nod.  He seems relieved.  
I try to ask him how he's doing.  He indicates that his own hearing is problematic too.  
I hope we haven't done permanent damage to our ears.  It relieves me that he doesn't look too worried.  
Miguel points to the road.  We must go on.  I nod again.  When we stumble back to our feet, we keep walking carefully.
I look over to the swamp half expecting another crocodile to come after us or even the anaconda.  The water seems calm.  There is a land hole, however, where the crocodile used to be.  I shiver just thinking about the predator.
Miguel also eyes the swamp.  I really feel it for him.  Now he'll have two nightmares to contend with.
Once we're out of the area, I automatically sigh with relief.  I know that the jungle has dangerous animals outside the water, but I still feel better. 
Miguel turns to me.  "Can you hear me?!" He seems to be shouting but I can barely hear him.
With excitement I realize that I'm starting to pick up sounds.  "A little!  Can you hear me?!"
He nods.  "Don't worry!  We'll be getting our full hearing soon!"
"You think?!"
"Yeah, don't worry!"
I follow him as we start to walk.  He's quiet and seems as if something is bothering him.  Maybe we won't be getting our full hearing back.  I stop him and pantomime my question of, "What's wrong?"
His eyebrow deeply creases.  
I insist on not moving forward until he tells me what's wrong.  He indicates that it's nothing.
"Tell me!" I demand.
He puts his finger to his lips.  It's then that I start to understand why he's shushing me.  He pantomimes the explosion.  Then he points in the direction of Paradise Village.  My mouth turns dry when I fully realize what he's trying to tell me.  
The explosion has pinpointed where we're at.  
If the Elders hadn't realized where we were now they do.  It's calamitous.  Now I know why he looks so concerned.  
I turn to him to put my hand on his shoulder.  Maybe there isn't anything to worry about and the Elders will think it's just an accidental explosion.  Those had happened before.  I mean, the croc could've just stepped on the landmine without us being there.
I hear growling noises.  The sounds are muffled because of my injured ears.
The barking, vicious dogs appear first.
"We got you!" Two Elders materialize, a smirk on their faces. 



Chapter Twenty-Three

Self satisfied and sneering, they each carry a shotgun that's aimed at us.  The dogs are growling their heads off.  Running is not an option for Miguel and me.  Instead I stand my ground glaring at the Elders--there is certainly nothing holy about them.  I cringe when I think about how we were made to call them holy.  I will never use that word to refer to them again.
"Stop," Elder Simms orders the dogs.  They promptly obey.
"You'd thought you'd get away, didn't you?" Elder Morrison snaps.
"And you involved poor Miguelito."
"She didn't involve me," retorts Miguel.
"What?"
"You heard me!"
The Elder Morrison's eyebrows shoot up.  "Where's your stutter?" 
"It magically disappeared in the blast," Miguel says sarcastically.
"You've been pulling our chain all this time!"
"He's done a good job making fools out of you," I retort.
"Well, we'll see who laughs last!"
"You two are going into the discipline room and then that'll be the end of the road for you!"
"Don't you feel any guilt about all the people you've killed?" I question angrily.
"What are you talking about?  The Great Master--"
"Cut the total garbage!" I snap.  "I know the truth!  I heard it from Bledsoe who said all this was a lie so that you could get your own way."
"He couldn't have told you," Elder Simms says nervously.
"No, he didn't tell me," I state.
"I knew it."
"I overheard it.  One day you'll pay for everything you've done."
Elder Morrison shakes his head.  "Don't be ridiculous."
"Are all of you sociopaths?" questions Miguel.  "How can you do so many horrible things and not feel even a little bad?" 
"Let's stop the chatter!" demands Elder Simms.  "We need to be getting back to Paradise Village.  You two walk in front of us."
Miguel and I turn around to start our trek back the same way we got here.   Miguel walks in front of me.  As we are passing the Elders, they growl at us.  I lay my sight on them with disgust as I move past them.  They walk behind us with the shotguns at our backs and the dogs waiting on their orders.
"Just to clarify some things," Elder Morrison snorts.  "How are we bad for taking care of you?  We pay the bills and take other responsibilities off your hands.  You should be grateful to us."
"Grateful for enslaving us?" I snap.
"I don't know why you're looking at it like that."
"How would you like it if someone took away your freedom?" Miguel questions.  "If your life was completely in someone else's hands?"
"And what about having stolen us from our families," I sneer.  "Did you ever think about the pain you caused?"
"Hey, all of you were poor.  We took you someplace where you'd be cared for."
"Do you honestly think we'd rather be stuck in Paradise Village than with our own parents?" questions Miguel incredulously.
"You are such evil people," I retort.
"How dare you call us evil!"
"You can't think that you're good people," Miguel states.
"We may have a few defects but overall we're good."
I abruptly stop walking and turn around to look at them.  The rest come to a quick halt.  "Tell me what's good about you?" I snap.  "Is it when you steal human beings?  Is it when you bring them here as your slaves?  Is it when you brainwash them to do your bidding?  Is it when you kill them when you think they're of no use to you?  Is it when--"
"Shut up!  I've had enough of you," snaps Elder Simms.  "Both of you shut up and keep walking." 
Quiet and seething, we continue our journey.  One of the Elders starts mumbling about being misunderstood.  When I try to say something, he points the rifle to my head and tells me to shush.  Then he keeps muttering about how life is difficult and they have to do what they do.  About how having several wives isn't all that it's cracked up to be.  Dealing with different tempers in a family is very hard.
I roll my eyes.
I just can't believe the justifications the Elders use to do what they do.  They twist their own heads, brainwashing themselves, as to the validity of their evil actions.  They honestly think they're doing good deeds.  Grinder had gone one step further and started believing the Great Master stuff in order for him to justify himself.
I wince when we get to the swamp.  They're not even smart enough to be fearful.  I'm certain they know about the dangerous creatures that lurk in the water.  Yet, they walk with their chests up as if they've got nothing to fear.  Miguel and I are a lot more apprehensive.  We know that arrogance doesn't keep you safe.  In fact it can do the opposite.
"Monica, you get all sanctimonious on us, but you don't see yourself," Elder Simms retorts.
"I see myself fine, thank you"
"Monica, don't you feel even a little bad at how you've destroyed poor Alcott with your running away?" he snaps.   
"I'm sure he's doing fine without me," I retort.
"The guy was willing to throw out all common sense to marry you even with your grotesque arm.  I just don't see how you could've done this to him"
"So you think I should feel guilty for getting away from the man who beats me," I growl.  
"He does it out of love," Elder Morrison rushes.
"Yeah, well I could use a lot less love," I sneer.
"You just don't understand the stress of being the head of a household."
"And you don't understand the stress of being a slave," I retort.
"We don't have slaves in Paradise Village," insists Elder Simms.  
"You don't call what you do to us slavery?" asks Miguel.
"Of course not.  Giving you a better life than the one you had before is not slavery!"
G-r-r-r-r-r.  The dogs start growling and barking with frenzy.  Then we hear a splashing sound.  Turning to it, my heart wants to stop.  
An alligator scurries out of the parting waters.  



Chapter Twenty-Four

Unlike the crocodile earlier this alligator is moving much faster.  It scurries towards the closest people to it.
Miguel and I are its targets! 
My instinct is to run.
"Run and I'll shoot you in the back," Elder Simms growls at me as if he's reading my mind.
I remember Miguel telling me we probably couldn't outrun the crocodile from earlier.  I imagine that it's the same with the alligator, especially because if we deviate from the road, we could meet with an explosion.  I'm hoping for another landmine between the predator and us, but Miguel looks concerned.  His face doesn't assuage me at all.
"We'll take care of this varmint!" Elder Morrison says gleefully.
He shoots the first round at the dangerous animal.  It changes direction and goes towards him.  The tight tension in my chest dissipates a little.
"Come and get me!" Elder Morrison chirps.
"Yes, come at us," chortles Elder Simms.  
The Elders continuously shoot at the animal.  The alligator slows down but keeps moving towards them.  They chuckle darkly as if they're enjoying the experience.
"Stupid animal thinking it can go against us," Elder Simms retorts.
"The animal that can beat us hasn't been born," Elder Morrison insists proudly.
"That's right."
I roll my eyes.  Arrogance makes people into real idiots.  They shoot a few more rounds at the alligator.   Finally, it looks dead.
"Shut up, dogs," demands Elder Simms.  The dogs stop their incessant barking.
"I hadn't hunted in a while," Elder Morrison comments with a grin.  "I had forgotten how fun it could be."
"I'm so glad it was our turn to come after the escapees."
"We really need to do this kind of thing more often."
Stepping over to the animal, they slap one another on the back.  Laughing and carrying on, they poke at the animal with their rifles.
"It's deader than a doornail," Elder Simms snickers.
The alligator's huge jaws abruptly open.  It's long, pointy teeth gleam.  Snapping shut on Elder Morrison's leg, I hear bones cracking. 
"Ahhhhhhhhhhh!"
Elder Simms starts shooting at the alligator.  Releasing its victim, it tries to return to the swamp.  It doesn't make it.  The alligator appears to be lifeless, but this time no one gets near it to check.  The animal had fooled us before.  
Meanwhile, Elder Morrison is writhing with pain as blood gushes out of him.  His cries are becoming more muffled as his wet eyes lose their focus.  Nearly unconscious, he fights to stay awake.  I think he's aware that if he falls asleep, he'll probably never wake up again.
"Stay where you are," demands Elder Simms with a panicky voice as Miguel and I move towards him and Elder Morrison.
"Don't you need help?" I ask.
"You want to take advantage of the situation and overpower me, but I won't let you," Elder Simms snaps, his voice shaky.
"What are you going to do?" Miguel questions.
"I don't know," Elder Simms garbles with anguish in his tone.  "I just don't know what to do."
"He's going to bleed to death," states Miguel.
"No, he isn't!" Elder Simms snaps in a pensive state as if trying to find a solution.
"There's an awful lot of blood coming out of him," I state.
"I know that!  You don't have to tell me!"
"It's dangerous to stay here," comments Miguel.  "We really should get out of here."
"I'm not leaving him!"
"What do we do with him?" asks Miguel.
"You're going to carry him to Paradise Village where we'll get help for him."
"I don't think he'll make it."
"I'm not asking you for your opinion."
"I can't carry him with just one full arm," Miguel states, lifting his stub.
"Monica will have to help you then!"
"But--"
"Shut up and do as I tell you.  Now both of you can come over, but no funny business," Elder Simms says, raising the weapon to us, "or I won't hesitate to shoot."
As Miguel and I are about to go to the injured Elder, a sound makes us stop.  The dogs start barking again.  I turn to the swamp.  It's the scariest sight I've seen in my whole life.
A huge snake slithers out of the water.



Chapter Twenty-Five

The anaconda swoops down like lightning.  It's so swift that it takes me time to realize what's happening.   
It seizes Elder Morrison.
Seizes him without any hesitation.
Swallowing him whole as if swallowing a piece of candy, the slithery animal looks self-satisfied.
When Elder Simms gets out of his startled stupor, he tries to shoot.  Finding no bullets left in the shotgun, he searches for Elder Morrison's weapon, but it has disappeared.  It must've been swallowed along with the owner.  His shaky hand goes in his pocket for rounds.  The giant snake bores its hypnotic eyes into his.  The panic on the face of Elder Simms twists his features.  He rushes away, not looking where he's going.
I drop to the ground as does Miguel.
We know what's coming.
The anaconda goes after the Elder but as it's about to open its mouth to swallow him, the inevitable happens.
Click.
 BOOM!
Elder Simms and the Anaconda explode.  Staying a few seconds huddled to the ground, I finally look up.  I had covered my ears as best as I could, but my world is still without much sound.  The dogs that hadn't followed Elder Simms to his death in the blast wake me up from my catatonic state as they scamper past me.  They move towards Paradise Village.
I stumble up and head to Miguel who is still on the ground.  He's motionless.  My stomach twists as I reach him.
"Miguel!"  I shout.
He doesn't do anything.  I check his wrist.  He's still alive, I say to myself relief.  Slowly, he opens his eyes.   
"Are you okay?!" I ask him.
He nods.  
I'm so relieved that I give in to my impulses.  My lips go to his and I peck him quickly.  I release him and he tries to kiss me again.
I shake my head.  "Let's get out of here!"
He seems to suddenly remember where we're at and pushes off the ground.  Holding hands, we travel in the same direction we had before we were caught.  We rush past the bloody ground where Elder Morrison had been.  I avert my eyes not wanting to think about what had just happened.  Apparently, Miguel does the same.  
Once we arrive at the same area we were before we rush past it.  It is only until then that Miguel and I start talking in hushed voices.
"Why'd you kiss me?" he questions, turning to look at me.
"I was so happy that you were alive."
He nods.  "Now you know why I didn't want you to leave Paradise Village, to go through all this danger."
"This may sound stupid," I blurt, "but I'd rather be out here than in Paradise Village.  At least here I feel I have a fighting chance with these predators."
"I suppose you're right."
"Here I can actually do something for my freedom instead of wishing on it every day, dreaming about escape while my time is running out.  Hey, don't forget that your time runs out much faster."
"Yeah, the Elders only let us live until we're twenty."
Fury burns me.  "They're despicable!" I snap.  "Totally despicable."
Miguel's smile disconcerts me.
"Why are you grinning at me?" I ask him.
"You must not hate them that much," he says matter-of-factly.
I eye him, puzzled.  "I do."
"Then why did you volunteer to help Morrison after the alligator had bit into him?"
I shrug.  "It seemed like the right thing to do."
"Others would've not moved a finger to save him."
"I don't want to be like the Elders and Masters," I mumble.
"What?"
"I don't want to be like them--have no respect for human life except their own."
His smile gets wider.
"I was worried that hatred had permeated your core.  It hasn't."
I shrug.  "It's still in there.  I don't know if I can ever get rid of all of it."
"Maybe not, but at least you recognize it."
"Maybe."
"Maybe someday you'll fall in love and it'll be greater than the hate you feel," he says hopefully, his eyes firmly on me.  
"I don't think so," I blurt.
He shifts his eyes away from me.  "Don't say that." His tone is soft and hurt.
"Miguel, I'm just being honest."
Frida," he says as his eyes shift back to me, "love is greater than hate.  I know first hand."
I don't want to ask him what he means by that.  Changing the subject seems like the right course to take.
"How long do you think it'll be before other Elders get here?" I ask him.
"That's hard to say.  With another blast and the dogs likely to go back to Paradise Village, they'll be on their way soon."
I frown.  "Are you sure there isn't another road we can take?"
"I'm afraid we're stuck on this one but . . ."
"But what?" I ask anxiously.
"Once we make it to a certain point we should be safe.  We can head in another direction then."
"But the dogs can still lead them to us."
"Not necessarily.  There's another stream close by we can use to lose our scent."
I smile.  "Sounds like a good plan."
Shotgun blasts reverberate through the air.  
Uh oh! 
 Elders are near.



Chapter Twenty-Six

Miguel and I are next to a tree and I quickly signal Miguel to climb.  We simultaneously check it for snakes.  There's none on the trunk and we don't have much time so we start scaling the tree.  It's leafy so it's easy to hide in it.  Miguel is behind me as we move from one branch to another.  
His head accidentally bumps the back of my shirt.  My boomerang falls down, and it lightly hits the ground below us.  It will be too risky to scramble down to get it, so we keep climbing.
"Sorry," Miguel whispers when we reach a high enough branch.
A few seconds later, I make out the owner of the shotgun through the leaves.  My face contorts.
It's the Mister.
Luckily, he's by himself.  He has his shotgun but not even dogs accompany him.  If only my boomerang hadn't fallen I could've hit him on the head.
"Monica!  Where are you?!  Please still be alive?!  I'm here for you!"  The yells cut into the air.
I'm wondering what he had been shooting at back there.
"My Little Bird!" he yells with anguish.  "You're still alive.  I just know it!"
His eyes dart around the area.  His sight lands on our tree.  He scans it slowly.
A bead of sweat rolls down my face.
"Oh, Monica.  Why'd you run away?" he mumbles to himself.
Turning around, he starts walking away.  Relief pours through every cell in my body.  Then he plops down on a huge boulder.  Sighing, his face looks exhausted.  Pulling out a picture from his pocket, he eyes it with anguish.
"I've got to find you, Little Bird," he says as his eyes get misty.  "I can't live without you."
My muscles stiffen up.  It's the worst feeling having someone you despise moon over your picture.  I look over to Miguel who is frowning.  
"Why'd you leave me?" he cries.  "Someone must've turned you against me.  I know you wouldn't have left me otherwise."
I wish I could tell him exactly what I think of him and his discipline club and his forcing me to marry him.
"Don't you know what you're doing to me?!" he asks the picture with fury as his face contorts.  "Why are you being so selfish?"
I really want to tell him off.
"Why are you being so inconsiderate towards me when all I've ever done is love you?  Why?!  I just lost Mildred and now you're gone too.  Have you no heart?"
This is the most surreal experience I've ever had.
He stumbles off the boulder as if he can't stand sitting down any longer.  "Monica, I'm so furious with you that I don't know how to contain it!"
I'm pretty sure his anger isn't worse than mine.
"You've completely disappointed me!  You've taken advantage of my trust and love!  You're the most horrible of persons!"
A bird sound resonates from above.  It's the cry of a soaring eagle traveling our area and probably looking for food.
Uh-oh!
I want to warn the majestic bird to fly away as swiftly as possible because I know the Mister's temper and his need to unload it with whoever or whatever.  I'm hoping I'm wrong.
I'm not.
The Mister pulls up his shotgun.  Blast.  Blast.  Blast.
The bald eagle falls from the sky dead.  Poor eagle.  I shudder when I think that those shots were actually meant for me.  
Meanwhile, he walks over to it and kicks it furiously.  "That'll teach you to try to leave me, Monica!"
He still resorts to physical violence even when he had already killed the beautiful eagle.  The Mister is a real piece of work.
He grabs the majestic bird.  "You will never defy me again!"  Flinging its body towards the tree, he has a self-satisfied smile.  I almost gasp when it lands close to the boomerang.  Miguel's eyes widen.  
"Never!"
He puts away my picture.  "I'm going to find you, Monica, if it's the last thing I do."
After consulting his map, he starts to leave.  I breathe out a huge breath of air.  But then he suddenly turns around again.
"Wait a minute," he mumbles.  He scans the ground where the eagle is at as if something doesn't add up.  "What is that?"
He strides over to it. Picking up my boomerang, he yelps with joy.  He looks up to find Miguel and me.



Chapter Twenty-Seven

"Monica!" he yells, surprised.
I glare at him.  He is speechless for a few moments after calling out my name.
"I'm so happy to have finally found you," he gushes, tears falling from his eyes.
I keep glaring at him, but he ignores my anger.
"I heard the blasts," he explains.  "Those stupid dogs wouldn't stop running when I ordered them to," he snaps.
"Did you kill them?" I question, figuring out what the shots I had heard earlier had been for,
"I only was able to get two of them," he retorts.  "Where are the Elders who came after you?"
"One died in a blast.  The other was eaten by an anaconda," I state.
"An anaconda?"
"Yes."
"How ghastly," he mutters.
"It was pretty horrible."
"See what happens when you're away from our protection?" snaps the Mister.  "That anaconda could've eaten you!"
"Instead it ate the ones who were trying to harm us."
"They were just trying to catch you to save you from danger!" he snaps.
"Do you really think that?" I retort.
"Monica--"
"Why don't you just let us go?  You know they're going to kill us if we go back."
"I won't let them hurt a single hair on your head."
"They're going to do it anyway," I insist.
"They'll do as I tell them!" he snaps.  "And you'll do as I tell you!"
"But--"
"Why did you run away?" he asks furiously.  "And you Miguelito, why did you allow her?"
"I don't want to be in Paradise Village anymore," I snap.  "I don't want to be a servant anymore!  I don't want to be forced into things I don't want to do.  I don't want to be brainwashed about the Great Master anymore."
"You don't know what you're saying," he says, horrified.
"I don't want to marry you."
"Don't say that!  Monica, those are words that you can never take back!"
"I don't want to take them back," I say defiantly.  "I mean them."
"How can you be so cruel," he cries.
"You beat your wives sometimes even to death and you call me cruel?" I question angrily.
"Monica, you don't know what you're saying.  You're under the influence of the hot sun and the jungle."
It never ceases to surprise me how the Elders and the Masters can twist everything their way.  How can the Mister not realize the damage he's done to me?  How can he believe that I'm in love with him?
"Miguel!" he snaps.  "You still haven't told me what you're doing here with Monica!"
"We decided to escape the horrible life we had in Paradise Village," he says simply.
"Horrible life?" questions the Mister in disbelief.
"Yes, very horrible."
The Mister eyes Miguel disconcertedly.  Then a realization creeps into his eyes.  "Where's you're stutter?!"
Miguel rolls his eyes.  "Gone."
"You were putting one over on me, weren't you?"
Miguel shrugs.
"Weren't you?" he repeats, his nostrils flaring.
"What does it matter?" Miguel grumbles.  "I served you well, didn't I?"
"I don't like liars!"
"But you like abusers?"
"How could you betray me after everything I've done for you?" he asks, his voice with a deeply hurt tone.
"What have you done for me?"
"I loved you like a son."
"You would treat a son the way you treated me?  Who needs enemies?"
"I'll teach you to disrespect me and make a fool out of me!" he snaps pulling his shotgun up.  I immediately wrap myself around Miguel.
"You'll have to shoot me to get to him," I sneer.
"Monica, get out of the way!"
"No!"
"Get out of the way!" he repeats.
"I'm staying where I'm at."
"You'll suffer the consequences for it!" he states, aiming the weapon on us.
"Do your worse," I hiss, waiting for him to fire.  
"No, Monica," Miguel says, trying to extricate himself from me.
"If you keep jostling we'll both fall to the ground and kill ourselves," I tell him.  He stops jiggling.
The Mister puts the shotgun down.  "I could never shoot you, Little Bird," he says, his voice broken.
I sigh with relief.
"I love you so much," he states, his voice catching in his throat.  "I love you so much that I'm willing to forgive you."
"Forgive me?"
"I don't know what's gotten into you, but I forgive you."
"I'm not asking you for forgiveness," I blurt.
"Come back to Paradise Village with me, Little Bird.  We can have such a great life together.  We'll just forget this ever happened."
"Do you really think it'll be that easy?  The Elders will never permit it."
"I already told you," he says warily, "they'll abide by my rules." 
"I don't believe it.  They'll find a way of killing me"
"Please, Little Bird.  Trust me."
"Trust you?"
"I'll take care that nothing happens to you."
"You're deluding yourself."
"I can't believe that you don't know who I am!" he snaps.
"I know who you are."
"If you did you'd know that I'm the most powerful man in Paradise Village."
"Power has its limits," I state.
"She's right," Miguel agrees.
"Stop doubting me!" the Mister snaps.  He's so upset that he stomps off muttering under his breath.
Miguel looks at me with worried eyes.  I return his stare with the most comforting expression I can muster.
"We'll be okay," I whisper.
"I'm going to say it again, just once, I love you, Monica, and I would never let anyone harm you.  Please believe me," he growls.
"If you really loved me you'd let me go."
His face contorts.  "I'm losing my patience!  Both of you get down that tree now!"
"How do I know that you won't shoot Miguel once we're on the ground?"
The Mister's eyes narrow.  "Why are you defending him so much, Monica?"
"He's my friend," I growl.
"Have you been trying to take my Little Bird away from me, Miguelito?" he asks furiously but before Miguel can open his mouth the Mister starts ranting.  "You traitor!  You thief!  I don't know why I hadn't seen it before.  He's the real reason you ran away from your home in Paradise Village, Monica!  He's twisted your mind against me!  You're as much of a victim in all of this as I am!" 
He furiously stomps back to the tree with his shotgun.  Pulling up his shotgun, I take in a quick breath wondering what he's going to do.  "Come down, now!" he demands as the barrel of his gun shakes the tree branches nearby.  
A snake drops on him.  



Chapter Twenty-Eight

The long snake coils itself around the Mister's arm.  
"Get off of me!" he yells trying to get rid of it.  But it has a strong hold of his arm.  
"Get off!"
In panic he rushes off.  During the skirmish the snake falls to the ground.  The Mister takes his rifle and shoots it.
"There!" he yells at it.  "Take that!  You thought you had me didn't you?"
"It wasn't a poisonous snake," Miguel explains.  You didn't have to kill it."
"Don't tell me what to do!  Now get off that tree!" he says, starting to head back towards us.
"Uh-oh," Miguel utters, holding tighter onto me.  We're still intertwined, and I put my ear to his to help cover it while he uses his one hand to cover the other ear while I put my right hand on my right ear.
Click.
BOOM!
The tree reverberates.  If we would've been just a little closer, the blast would've blown us from where we are at.
After a moment of freaked silence, we climb down.  When I hit the ground, I pick up my boomerang and I go to the boulder the Mister had been on and sit down.  Miguel follows me.
"Are you okay?" he asks, concern in his voice.  I can barely hear him, but we are fortunate that the explosion had been further away than the other times.
"Yes."
"Can I just have a moment?" I ask solemnly.
"Sure."
All this death was really getting to me.  And I am struggling with different emotions over the Mister's demise.  On the one hand, he was cruel and evil.  On the other, he was strangely attached to me.  Am I happy about his death?  No, not really.  I just wanted him to leave me alone.
"Let's go," I tell Miguel, my hearing beginning to normalize.  "I'm sure other Elders are on their way."
"I'm sure that this time they'll be going all out to find out what happened in the blasts," he groans.  "But they won't know if we're the ones dead in the explosions."
"Unfortunately, the dogs will tell them likewise."
We stand up and head out.  He gives me his hand and I take it.  I could use a little warmth right about now.  
"His death affected me too," murmurs Miguel.
"At least he can't hurt anybody anymore."
"That's right."
After walking a few miles under silence, darkness starts arriving.  Miguel looks worried at the sky.  
"We need to speed up," he tells me.  We can't let night fall on us."
I'm puzzled.  "It's going to reach us wherever we are, isn't it?"
"It's too dangerous to spend the night out here.  There's a small hut down the road.  The Elders had us build it so we'd have somewhere to stay when we were installing the mines."
"But won't they suspect we're there?"
"It's a chance we'll have to take.  Besides, night is almost here.  I doubt if they'll be in the jungle at this hour."
I follow his long strides.  I don't want to get stuck out here in the dark either.  With what I had seen, it was way too dangerous.  I give a sigh of relief when I see a wood hut.  It is made of mud with straw, but where I'm standing, it looks like a palace.
Before going inside the open doorway, we check for animals inside.  Fortunately it's empty.  Miguel still doesn't trust his eyes and takes the flashlight and looks at every corner.  He wants to make sure there are no small, dangerous animals lurking around.  
"We fumigated the place while staying here and after we left," he explains.  "I guess it worked."
I take a good look at the small place.  There is no furniture.  A few hammocks hang from the ceiling.  He gets on one, and I get on the one next to his.  Pulling out the edible plants I had gathered, I hand him some.  
"It's better than nothing," I say.
"Maybe tomorrow I can fish."
We practically swallow our food.  The plants are actually very tasty.
"Miguel," I say gently, "can I ask you something?"
"What's that?"
"Are you sorry you came with me?"
"Are you having second thoughts?" he questions.
"No, not me, but I was wondering about you."
"Not me either," he asserts.
"Are you sure?"
"As sure as I can be."
"I'm glad."
"We should get some rest," he tells me.  "Tomorrow we need to hit the road at first light."
I nod.  It doesn't take long to fall into a deep sleep.

I'm the first one to awaken.  It's dawn and the jungle is barely waking up.  I'm concerned that the Elders will catch us by surprise.  I shake Miguel's shoulder.
"Let's go," I tell him.
He smiles.  "Good morning, Frida."
I return his smile.  "Good morning, Miguel."
We stumble out of the hammocks.  Miguel, who is more used to them than me, has to help me out of mine.  I make sure I have my boomerang and the black bag that Helga had given me.  My mind goes to her.  I wonder how she's doing.  Is she wondering how I'm faring?  Probably.
"Follow me," Miguel states, his voice solemn.  "Don't deviate at all from where I'm stepping."
"Like at the swamp?" I ask.
"Exactly."
We hike for about an hour.  As we walk past a banana tree, he grabs a few.  "For breakfast," he says.  I tell him I'll carry the rest in my black bag, so he can keep his hand free.  We eat the ripe, sweet bananas in silence.  We're trying to pick up any odd noises.
It doesn't take long.
Dogs are barking.



Chapter Twenty-Nine

"Don't panic," Miguel tells me.
"We've got to run.  Those dogs will be here any minute."
"Stay put," he says as he stops moving.
"But Miguel--"
"We can't outrun the dogs," he states, holding my arm.  "The Elders are going to find us."
"So we're going to stand here like sitting ducks?" I ask furiously.
"No, " he asserts.  "Just follow me.  Remember to step exactly where I'm stepping.  Don't deviate at all."
I nod.  I step in his footprints.  We walk painstakingly slowly for a short distance.  The dog's barks are getting louder, and I'm getting more and more nervous.  Suddenly, Miguel plops on the ground.
"What are you doing?!"
"Sit," he says, patting the ground next to him.
"Have you gone crazy?!"
"Trust me."
I sigh loudly.  While there had been no way I would've trusted the Mister when he said the same thing, Miguel is different.  I sit down next to him with a big question still in my eyes.
"We're going to be fine," he assures, smiling.
"I hope so."
It only takes a few seconds for the dogs to reach us.  Four Elders are with them with their shotguns ready to fire.  I notice that Grinder isn't one of them.  He'd be too much of a coward to face the jungle.
The dogs are frenzied and about to rush over to us when one of the Elders stops them.
"Settle down," Elder Clapp commands.
"You two have led us on quite a wild goose chase," snaps Elder Pierce.
"Where are the Elders who came to rescue you?" Elder Nolan asks.
"Dead," Miguel says simply.
They start muttering angrily under their breaths.  
"You didn't think you would get away with this, did you?" questions Elder Trask.
Elder Nolan catches his breath in fury before speaking.  "You're irresponsibility has cost lives!  Don't you feel bad about that?!"
"We just want to own our lives," I snap.
The Elders guffaw loudly.  "You're going to own your lives by dying in the jungle?  Because that's what would've happened to you if we wouldn't have found you," asserts Elder Pierce.
"We've been doing okay so far," I state.
"You two are just too stupid for words," Elder Clapp growls furiously.
"Your day will come when you'll get what you deserve," I tell them.  "One day you'll get punished for stealing us!"
"You're the ones who'll have to pay for what you've caused us!" Elder Trask snaps.  "Wait till we get you back in Paradise Village!  You're going to wish you were never born!"
"Too late," I grumble, "I've been wishing that since you stole me!"
Elder Nolan shakes his head with disbelief at my words.  "Listen, you impertinent girl, the Great Master is disgusted with you at this moment.  If I were you I'd try to get on his good side before I meet up with him!"
"Aren't you ashamed to be seen by the Great Master?!" questions Elder Trask.
"You'll never get to his kingdom," blurts Elder Pierce.  "Never!"
"Don't even try to fill me up with any of your garbage!" I state, my voice on fire.
The Elders gasp.
I heavily glare at them one at a time.  "I know you made up the True Faith to brainwash us into being your slaves!"
"The evil creature is possessing you, girl!" asserts Elder Pierce.  "Can't you see it?"
"You're the evil creatures!" blurts Miguel.
The Elders stare at Miguel with open mouths.  The question that's been asked to him several times today is coming again.
"Miguelito, what happened to your stutter?" asks Elder Trask.
"The Great Master cured me," Miguel says sarcastically.
Elder Clapp eyes him carefully.  "Something is strange here."
"We'll settle this in Paradise Village.  Get up, you two!" demands Elder Nolan.  "Get up so we can head home."
"Frida has a sprained ankle," Miguel states.  "That's why we're on the ground."
What's he up to?  He knows I'm perfectly fine.  He's got something up his sleeve.
Elder Trask looks at Miguel with bewilderment.  "Frida?  Who is that?"
"Monica."
"Why are you calling her Frida?" questions Elder Clapp.
"That's my real name," I explain.  "Not that you'd care."
Elder Trask eyes me with disbelief.  "You remember it?"
"I remember a lot of things," I confess.
"You're dangerous!" snaps Elder Pierce.
"Yeah, a person who doesn't give up her brain is definitely a danger to people like you," I state.
"Maybe we should just do away with her already," mumbles Elder Nolan.
"If you do away with us then who knows how much control you'll have of Paradise Village after doing it," Miguel asserts.
Elder Clapp is puzzled.  "What are you talking about?!"
Elder Trask chimes in.  "The kid has a point.  If we get rid of them now then how can we set the example for the rest of Paradise Village?  They know these two have eluded the other Elders.  After those Elders don't come back, they'll guess that these two have caused their deaths.  We need to make an example of them!"
"Then let's get them to Paradise Village and execute them as soon as possible," Elder Nolan states.
"If Monica's got a problem with he ankle then you'll have to carry her," Elder Clapp demands of Miguel.
"I can't with one arm."
Elder Clapp rolls his eyes.  "What a weakling."
"Sorry, I just can't carry her," Miguel insists.
"You're trying my patience, boy!" snaps Elder Clapp.
"Sorry."
"Let's go get them," Elder Trask states with disgust as he eyes the map in his hands.  "I'll show them to play games with us.  Bring the dogs."
I stiffen up when they start coming towards us with the frenzied dogs.  They're probably going to order them to bite us to cause us pain.  
"Everything they know is wrong," Miguel whispers in a voice that's barely audible even to me.  He pushes me roughly to the ground as he slams his ear to mine as he uses his one hand to cover his other one.
Click.
BOOM!



Chapter Thirty

Miguel and I squeeze to the ground.
"Sorry I was so rough on you," he says.  I can barely hear.  The explosion had been at a good distance, but it was still remarkably loud.
"No apology is necessary."
He slowly nears me as he eyes my lips.  I have a chance to turn away from him, but I don't do it.  This kiss is the sweetest we've had so far.    
We stumble off the ground with our senses still in shock over what we had just been through.  Even the beautiful kiss hadn't been able to wake us up from the surreal horror of our circumstances.  So many of the Elders are dead now and some killer dogs are too.  As I follow Miguel, stepping where he's stepping, I feel a surge of exhausted hope.  Maybe we can actually make it back to our real homes.  
After walking for about an hour in startled silence, I turn to Miguel.  A thought had just occurred to me.  "Everything they knew was wrong, huh?" I question.  Miguel had told me that before the Elders had exploded.
He nods solemnly.  "The Elders kept very close tabs on us when we were planting the landmines.  Those last ones, though, they were preoccupied with something and didn't check up on us.  It occurred to me to change where they were supposed to go according to the map they gave me."
"Great idea.  It probably saved our lives."
"There are not that many Elders left at Paradise Village."
"Yeah, not that many?"
"Unfortunately, those left are armed."
I groan.  "Yes, unfortunately."
"And we weren't able to get even one shotgun from them," he states, grumbling.
"Their weapons exploded with them."
"We'll just have to make do like we've been doing."
"Yeah, let's keep going.  Our freedom has to be somewhere out there," I say enthusiastically.
He eyes me and his eyebrows furrow.
"What's wrong?" I ask.
"I've never been beyond this point.  I don't know what there is out there."
I smile reassuringly.  "We've made it this far.  We'll be okay."
He nods, not looking too convinced.  
We start moving forward.  With no landmines anymore we don't have to be as careful as before, but we still have to be on the lookout for dangerous animals.  It's fortunate that most of these critters don't want to cross our paths anymore than we want to cross there's.  
Excruciatingly thirsty since we had drunk the last of the water in our canteens, we are on the lookout for flowing water.  My tongue gets swollen and dry as dust.  My head is pounding.  Everything seems to be in a fog in my head.  I wonder if we made it all this way only to die of dehydration.  
"Water!"  Miguel yells happily.
But I don't see anything but a tree.  In my foggy mind I wonder if he's hallucinating.  We're in huge trouble.
"Water!"  he repeats.  "Water!  Water!  Water!"
"What are you talking about?"
He ignores my question as he grabs the knife and small pot from Helga's black bag that he was now carrying.  He rushes to the tree with a vine growing on the trunk and cuts the vine.  Water drips into the pot.
Water!  
I can hardly believe my eyes.
"It's not milky so it's probably save to drink."  He tastes it.  "It's not bitter.  I'm sure it's safe."
He gives me the first water.  I tell him that we need to share.  Even though he insists I take the first drink, I make him take the next one.  We go through several vines until our thirst is satiated and the canteen is full.  Who knows when we'll be able to find water again?
"Are you hungry?" I ask him.
"Very."
"Let's eat some bananas."  I pull out my boomerang and throw it.  Bananas from high on a tree come down.  We gorge ourselves on them.  Their sweetness fills our empty stomachs.  
"Do you think the Elders have realized that the ones who came after us are dead?" I ask him.
"I'm sure that by now they've been calling on their cell phones to realize no one is answering."
"What do you think will happen?" I ask, worried.  "Do you think some more Elders will come after us?"
"It's hard to say.  At this point they can't spare too many Elders."
  "And they don't know who actually died in the explosion," I comment.
"They might think we died too."
"Let's hope so," I state.
"With the dogs and the Elders loaded with weapons I don't see why they wouldn't think that."
I nod.  "Yeah, in their arrogance they'll think our luck couldn't have held out."
He smiles.  "They underestimate us."
"Completely underestimate us."
Solemnly, we start our journey again.  Our hearts are full of hope and perseverance.  After a distance, both of us notice that the jungle starts becoming less dense.  Maybe it's a good sign.
"What do you think Grinder is telling everyone at Paradise Village right now?"
"He's probably saying that the evil creature is running rampant and that everyone needs to pray to him since he's the son of the Great Master."
I guffaw.  "What an idiot."
Miguel laughs.  "Idiot is too nice of a word for him."  
As we keep walking, I suddenly notice the change in the ground.  I kneel down to touch it.  It's a golden color and very sandy.  Miguel does the same.
Standing up again, we keep going.  When we get beyond the many palm trees, we halt in heart-stopping shock.  We're confronted with one of the most remarkable and troubling sights we've ever witnessed.  
An aqua ocean.
We're on an island!



Chapter Thirty-One

Miguel crumples to his knees with an agonized expression on his face.  I just stare out to the sea.  We've been on an island all this time!
"This is what the Elders meant when they said there was no way of escape!" cries Miguel. 
I keep staring out in a trance-like state.
"We're stuck here!  We're stuck!"
I still can't find words in my mouth.
"All that danger for nothing!  For nothing!"
"Miguel--"
"Why put landmines if we can't escape anyway?" he questions furiously.
"It's all a game for the Elders,' I mumble.
"A game that cost me my right hand!"
I put my hand on his shoulder.  "I'm sorry, Miguel."
"They love intimidating us!"
"Yes."
"And now we're stuck here on this stupid island!  We'll die here!  We'll--"
"Stop it, Miguel!"
"But don't you understand, Frida?!  We can't escape!  We can't!!!"
"Stop," I say, making my voice as soothing as possible.  I sit down next to him and hug him.  We stay like that for a few minutes until our heartbeats aren't so frantic.  The ocean actually serves to calm us down even if we're nervous wrecks because of it.  Seagulls fly past us.  The calm waves of the water travel quietly.  The scene in front of us is like a dream if it wasn't such a nightmare.
"Miguel, I refuse to give up," I manage to finally say.
"But--"
"If there is a way on this island then there's a way out!" I propound.
"Way out?" he asks.
"There has to be one."
"Maybe we can swim to safety," he comments sarcastically.  "Across a whole ocean."
"That's not what I meant."
"Then what did you mean?"
"There's more than one way to get on or off an island."
"Maybe," he says, going into his head.
"No, not maybe," I state sternly.  "For sure."
  "Okay."
"Think about it, Miguel.  How did they get us here?  How does Paradise Village get food and supplies?" I question.  "I'm assuming that those things don't get here by magic."
A light starts coming back to his eyes.  "The guarded road," he murmurs.
"The guarded road?"
"I was a little kid when Bledsoe took me with him once to help with the supplies.  A plane brought food."
"Plane?"
"That's how they get supplies to Paradise Village.  The guarded road leads to a warehouse and landing strip."
"Of course," I murmur, "A plane brings the stuff that's needed in Paradise Village."
"That's right."
"Do you remember where the landing strip is at?" I ask with excitement.
He smiles.  "Photographic memory, remember?"
"Can you get us there?" I ask eagerly.
"You bet."
"Is it far?"
"Not that far," he states, grinning.
"What about the landmines?"
"Don't worry.  The ones on that side of the island aren't too bad."
"Why is that?" I ask with curiosity.
"Since that side has the guards, the Elders didn't have us bury too many of them."
I grin.  "Great!"
"We can follow the shoreline for much of the way there."
"Let's go."
We start our trek again.  Taking off our shoes, we soak our feet in the cool water as we walk.  I can't resist but plunge in the water, rushing into a wave.  Miguel does the same.  It feels so good to be taking some kind of a bath and refreshing our bodies.  But we don't dawdle in the water.  Both of us are fully aware of how important it is to get to our destination.  We keep going.  I tell myself I'm that much closer to my mother.  I avoid thinking about the danger.  We've got to get on that airplane.



Chapter Thirty-Two

It's astonishing!  When I first see the landing strip, the only paved part on this island, and a huge warehouse in the middle of an island jungle, I want to pinch myself.  Is this for real?
Even with the sun going down, I can see the high walls of the storage facility clearly.  Its greenish-gray color melts into the jungle's scenery.  No one is anywhere in sight.
 "It's about to get dark," states Miguel.  "Let's sleep in the warehouse."
We locate a dark-green door.  To our relief it's open.  It's logical that the Elders and the Masters don't worry about break-ins in an island.  The only people in it seem to be us.
Inside, the floors are stacked with dry goods.  Freezers contain perishable items like meat, milk, and the like.  I've never seen this much food.  I'm in a stupor as I stare at it with my mouth wide open.
"Let's have dinner," Miguel chirps happily.
With the night upon us, we turn on the flashlight and start grabbing at the ready-made food that we could only dream of when we were starving in Paradise Village.  Of course we couldn't cook anything but there was plenty of food we could eat straight from their containers.  Cookies, tuna, bread, cupcakes, soda, juice, and much, much more.
By the time I finish my stomach hurts.  Miguel looks uncomfortable too.  We had eaten too much, but we have wide smiles on our faces.  
"I don't think I've ever eaten this much," I tell Miguel.
"Me neither."
"Those Elders have quite an operation here."
"They really planned Paradise Village out," he states.
"Do you think one of them owns this island?"
"Now that I think about it," he mutters, "I think I know who owned this place."
A thought suddenly occurs to me.  "Barstowe!"
"Yeah."
"That's why he had so much power," I blurt.
"Yeah."
It all makes perfect sense.  Thinking of the Mister brings a flux of mixed emotions.  While he had tried to protect me of evil, he hadn't been able to protect me of his own evil.  And it infuriated me that he used his money and power to inflict so much pain on others for selfish reasons.  All the Elders and Masters were selfish.
"Why couldn't Barstowe have used his influence for good?" I blurt angrily.
"He felt he was entitled."
"No human being should be entitled to another person," I snap.
Miguel nods.  "The Elders and Masters will never understand that concept."
"The Mister thought that loving me meant owning me," I retort.  "I wonder if he felt that way about his legitimate wife Mildred."
"People like him have to own and control everything around them."
I frown.  "What about you, Miguel?  Do you think you can love someone without having to possess her?"
He eyes me carefully as if searching for the right words.  "To me love doesn't have anything to do with ownership.  It's about sharing, growing, and building together."  He takes a gulp.  "It's about making mistakes, forgiving one another when necessary, and being in sync with each other."
I smile.  "That's a nice description of love."
"Frida, I--"
"What'll we do now?" I blurt, changing the subject.  "Wait for the plane to get here?"
Miguel looks disappointed that I didn't allow him to finish the sentence.  "Yes, we wait."
"I guess we can hide out in the warehouse until it gets here."
"It's safer than the jungle.  We could actually live here," he states.
"But we won't, right?" I rush.  "I mean, we'll do everything possible to get back to our real families, right?"
"Right."
I smile at him, and a yawn suddenly comes over me.
"Tired?" Miguel asks.
"Very," I state, suddenly realizing how incredibly tired I am.  My bones feel like jelly and my eyelids keep wanting to close.  "What about you?"
"I'm exhausted too."
We choose a hidden place to sleep behind the freezers and a stack of boxes.  Not wanting to risk that the Elders, Masters, or guards show up unexpectedly, maybe for supplies, we make sure we're well hidden.  
The beauty of rest seeps deep inside of me.  I soon doze off.  It is a deep and heavy slumber with no nightmares.  
A loud noise wakes me up.



Chapter Thirty-Three

Miguel wakes up too.  It's dawn and we see the light filter in through some of the windows high on the walls.  The sound comes in from the outside, and I look toward a window with worry.  
"It's the plane," Miguel informs me excitedly.
"Really?"  I can hardly believe that our chance at full escape is already here.
"Let's see what's happening outside to see how we can sneak on."
"Let's go."
Giddy, we rush to some boxes underneath a window.  Miguel climbs on top the boxes and peers outside.  Scrambling down, he frowns. 
"What's wrong?" I question.
"The delivery truck is on its way."
"It is?"  It was a small truck that was only used to deliver goods to the food warehouse at Paradise Village.
"If we walk out now, they'll see us for sure."
I'm crestfallen.  How do we get on the plane if we're stuck in the warehouse?
"Is there a back door to this place?"  Miguel takes the flashlight since it's still somewhat dim in here with there being so few windows.  He shines the flashlight all around.  No other doors.  The disappointment wants to swallow me alive.
"We'd better hide," he blurts.  
We rush to our hiding place.  Not having a choice but to wait, I start counting in my head, so I stop fidgeting.  
When the door opens, I have enough control of my pent up emotions to breathe evenly.  It's not easy, but I manage to accomplish it.  Male voices immediately reverberate through the warehouse.
"How was your flight?" Grinder asks.  My insides growl at hearing his name.
"That flight was a killer," a man says.  "We almost threw the supplies to the ocean."
"Why would you do that?" snaps Grinder.
"We're having a few problems with the plane," a female voice states.  One of the pilots is a woman.
"But we got here okay," the other pilot explains.  "It's good, though, that we don't have this cargo going back."
A shuffling is heard.  I imagine that it's the guards restocking the warehouse.  Hopefully, they won't come anywhere near to where we're at.  
"It would be too heavy for the plane," the female comments.
I wonder if the pilots know about what kind of man Grinder actually is.  Do they know about Paradise Village?  Do they know about the stolen children?  Do they know about the slavery?--the abuse, the True Faith religion, the starvation, the landmines?  I'm pretty sure they've never been inside of Paradise Village because all of us know each other and if a stranger would've arrived, we would've known.  I hope that these two know nothing of this because if they do, they must be diabolical.
"So how are things going for your retirees?" asks the male pilot.
Retirees?  Is that what they think that Paradise Village is--a retirement place?
Grinder groans loudly.  "There have been a few problems, but we have it under control."
"What kind of problems?"
"Nothing we can't handle," sneers Grinder.
"It's amazing how you've all managed to live on this island for so long."
"We're all mature people," Grinder states.  "We keep a tight rein on the community so that everyone's happy."
"I can't imagine retiring to an island," the woman says.  "You're all so lucky.  Maybe someday . . ."
"Sorry, you can only join our group by invitation," snaps Grinder.
"Oh," she says with disappointment.
Lady, you don't know how lucky you are not to belong to this community.
"Anyway," Grinder states, "As soon as we finish unloading, you can leave."
"I was thinking that maybe you'd allow us to stay for a few hours in your town," the man says.  "We need to give the plane some rest since it's malfunctioning."
"No!"
"We promise we won't be any trouble," the woman quickly says.
"We have a very private and exclusive community.  You need to leave as soon as possible."
"But--"
"Leave.  You can stay in the warehouse for an hour after we unload the plane but that's it.  After that you have to leave."
"Okay," she says, her voice sounding a little angry.
"Stay in this vicinity.  There will be a guard here with you, so you won't be tempted to go anywhere else.
"Why would you place a guard on us?" the man questions.
The disappointment that Grinder will leave them with a guard strikes me with a blow.
"For your own safety.  There are landmines all over the place."
"Landmines?" she asks, shocked.
"Why would you have landmines in a retirement community?" the man questions suspiciously.
"They were left by the previous owners," Grinder rushes.  "We decided not to disable them because it keeps dangerous animals out of our community."
"Dangerous animals?" the man asks.
Grinder groans.  "There's a jungle in this island.  Did you think that all we have are pretty seagulls and colorful fish?"
"I hadn't thought of that," states the man.
"It's very dangerous here," asserts Grinder.  "Very, very dangerous."
"Then it's better if we leave as soon as we can--as soon as our engines get a little rest."
"That's a good plan," Grinder assures.  
"In fact, we'll go ahead and leave as soon as all the supplies are off the plane," states the woman.  "I think our plane will be sufficiently rested by then."
I have to subvert a loud groan.
It will be almost impossible to get on that plane!



Chapter Thirty-Four

The pilots and Grinder step outside the warehouse as the guards continue to unload and bring in the supplies.  I'm so frustrated that boiling tears want to pop out of my eyes.  I don't let them.  
We've come too far to shrivel up and lose focus. 
Besides, as Miguel said we can live in here if we have to.  We'll wait for the next delivery trip.
Finally, the door closes with the last delivery guard leaving.  I sigh heavily.  Miguel does the same.
"Looks like we'll have to stay here for a while," states Miguel.
I nod.  "Unless we can find a way of getting on that plane undetected."
"We'll try but I don't think we should take any unnecessary risks with a guard watching."
"I agree."
Miguel climbs the same stack of supplies as before and peers out the window.  His face looks grim.
"They're almost finished loading the delivery truck," he informs me.  "But a guard is with them."
"The pilots said they'd be leaving right after everything is unloaded," I mumble.
"Sorry, Frida.  We have to stay in here."
"When do you think they'll be back?"
"Who knows?"  His voice sounds as disappointed as mine.
"What bad luck."
"Uh-oh," he mutters, scrambling down the boxes.
"What's wrong?"
"The pilots are coming in here.  Hide fast."
Unfortunately, we don't have time to return to our hiding place but hide behind a small stack of boxes next to us.  We barely make it because the door abruptly swings open as we scrunch down.
"How did you lose your I.D. tag?" asks the woman.
"I had it in my pocket.  It must've fallen out when I pulled out a handkerchief to wipe my face.  It's hot in here."
"Where do you think you lost it?"
"Who knows?  Let's look at where we walked."
"Good thing you got our flashlights from the plane," she comments.
"It would be too dark in here to find an I.D. tag."
"We'd better find it," she guffaws.  "It's a pain to get a new one." 
"Murrow will put me on suspension for a week for having lost it."
"We'll find it," she says reassuringly.  "It's got to be here somewhere."
I stiffen up.  If they go through the warehouse then they might find us.  I just pray that they find the I.D. tag fast.  
Then it occurs to me to talk to them to see if they'll help us.  After all, it's obvious by the conversation they had with Grinder that they don't know what Paradise Village is.  However, with Grinder and the delivery guards just a few yards away there's no way I'll risk it.
"I know we've only been given this assignment recently but I'm uneasy about it," states the woman.
"Why?"
"Something's weird here, don't you think?"
"No, not really."
"Don't you think it's strange that the guards are armed?"
"He said that there are dangerous animals," he asserts.
"But still."
He frowns loudly.  "Felipa, don't spoil this goldmine for us.  We make a lot of money for these trips and get bonuses too."
"It's just a bad feeling I get."
"Soothe your bad feeling with all the money we're making," he states.
"Seriously, don't you think Mr. Grinder is an oddball?"
"Of course he is," the man agrees.  "He's a rich eccentric."
"Mr. Barstowe is odd too."
"He's the most eccentric of all, Felipa.  The guy owns a whole island."
I knew it!
"Why won't anyone here allow us to visit the community?  The last time we were here, Mr. Barstowe wouldn't let me go to the bathroom there.  He made me go into the jungle."
"Maybe he didn't like anyone using his bathroom."
"There must be something going on in their community if they don't want us in it," she blurts suspiciously.
"Felipa," he says, his voice exasperated.  "Some people are just very private."
"There's more to this than meets the eye.  I just know it."
"Listen, Felipa, you'd better mind your own business or you'll be kicked out of this sweet deal.  I plan on having this lucrative gig for a long time, and I'm minding my own business."
"I suppose your right."
"Look at it this way.  This is a steady gig.  We're here every month and leave with bulging pockets."
"I know," she mutters.
"If you want to be here again next month, I suggest you keep your feelings to yourself."
"You're right."
"Any luck finding my tag?" he asks.
"No.  What about you?"
"I hope I don't have to go back without it," he says, his voice frustrated.
"We'd better hurry.  Mr. Grinder seems in a hurry to get us out of here."
"I know."
"Maybe we should just leave," she comments.
"Let me take one last look."
Uh-oh.  He shines the flashlight close to us.  The stupid tag is close to the boxes we're hiding behind.  I scrunch lower.  Miguel does the same.
"Found it," he states.  He rushes to where it's at, swipes it off the floor, and puts it in his pocket.
"Got it?" Felipa asks.
"Yep, but that's not the only thing I found."  He pulls out a pistol from his pocket.  "Get out of there," he growls, pointing in our direction.



Chapter Thirty-Five

"There's someone hiding in here?" a surprised Felipa questions.
"Yep," he chimes.  "You two behind those boxes, you'd better come out now."
"There are two people hiding?"
"Yep.  They'd better be out of there soon, or I'll have to start shooting."
Miguel and I realize we have to show our faces before he kills us.  We step out with our hands in the air.
"My gosh!" exclaims Felipa.
Jason points the pistol at us.  "I told you."
"How did you see them?"
"I saw them when I pointed the flashlight here for the I.D. tag.  I saw bits of their clothing."
"What were you two doing hiding in here?" she asks.
"Save the explanation," Jason snaps.  "Felipa, call Mr. Grinder.  I'm sure he'll know what to do with these two.
"No!" I burst.  
"You can't do that," Miguel chimes in.
"Why not?" Felipa asks curiously.
I try to keep my rushing words in order.  "You'll be handing us over to our deaths."
"What?' she asks.
"He'll execute us," Miguel asserts. 
"I don't know what you two are talking about and I don't care.  Felipa, go get Mr. Grinder."
Felipa shakes her head.  "Not before I hear what they want to say."
"I don't think we should get mixed up in this," Jason growls.
Felipa's face contorts in anger.  "I already told you that something seems funny here.  I want to hear what these two have to say!"
"But Felipa--"
"Speak you two!  Do it fast.  You'd better have a good excuse for being here."
I don't waste any time.  While telling them the story of Paradise Village, the abductions, the brainwashing, the slavery, the murders, and our escape, their faces are wracked with disbelief.  I scour my brain thinking of how I can make them believe us.
"That story is really out there," Jason comments.
Felipa eyes us carefully as if trying to dissect us and our story.
Miguel's steady eyes sit on Jason.  "But it's one hundred percent true."
"I can't believe--"
"Why do you think you've never been allowed in the community?" I snap.
"Privacy?" Jason asks weakly.
I shake my head.  "That's bogus and you know it."
"Be logical," entreats Miguel.  "The Elders don't let you in because they don't want you to see what goes on there."
"That can't be true," states Jason.  "It just can't."
"Why would we be hiding in here in the middle of a jungle island?"
He shrugs.  "I don't know."
"How do you think we got here?" I demand to know.
"Maybe a shipwreck," he mumbles.
Miguel shakes his head.  "If we had a shipwreck then why are we afraid of a retirement community?  Why haven't we asked them for their help to get back to our homes?"
Jason looks bewildered.  "Maybe you're the grandchildren visiting here and are acting out," he blurts.  "That must be it!"
"You don't really believe that?" I question.
Jason nods.  "That's the logical explanation.
"So we're idiot grandchildren?!" Miguel exclaims "We're out here with dangerous animals and landmines in order to hide from our grandparents?!" 
"Yes," Jason says weakly.
"How did we get here?" I interrogate.
Jason's face shows that he doesn't understand my question.  "What do you mean?"
"How did we get to this warehouse?  The road here has armed guards as you've seen.  We had to go through places with landmines and fierce animals to get here.  If we were just hiding from our grandparents, we'd already be dead."
"Then how did you make it here?" Jason challenges.
"Miguel knew the terrain very well," I state.  "He helped place those landmines.  That's why he doesn't have an arm."
Jason and Felipa turn to Miguel.  Their eyes sweep over what's left of his right limb.
"I'm tired of listening to all of these crazy stories," Jason states.  "Felipa, I think we need to call Mr. Grinder and let him sort this out."
"You'll be signing our death warrants," I snap.
Miguel nods.  "Do you want us on your conscience for the rest of your lives?"
"You won't be on my conscience," he retorts.  "I doubt very much that anything you're telling us is true!"
"It's all true," I snap.  
"No, it isn't," he snaps back.  "You're making all of it up."
"You don't want it to be true," retorts Felipa, her voice disgusted and face sitting on Jason.
Jason is taken aback by her reaction.  "What does that mean?"
"You just don't want your sweet gig to be up."
Jason coughs nervously.  "That's not true.  Felipa, I--"
"You'd sacrifice these two so you can keep you're cash cow" Felipa blurts.
"Is money that important to you, Jason?" I question.  "So important that you'd be willing to look the other way while the Elders abduct children for their evil purposes?"
"I . . .I . . ."
"Do you have children, Jason?" Miguel questions softly.
"Yes.  One girl."
"What's her name?" I ask quietly.
"Sally."
"How old is Sally?" I continue my line of questioning.
"Five."
"That's the age I was taken," I state.  "They took me from my mother who loved me and took care of me.  Do you love Sally?"
"Of course!" he snaps angrily.  
"What if one day she was abducted," I needle him.  "One day she's with you and the next day she's gone.  Poof!  Gone!"
His face contorts in anguish.  "Don't even say it!"
"What if someone accidentally found her, wouldn't you want that someone to return her to you?"
"Of course!  That's a stupid question!"
"Then that someone is you," I say lightly.  "Return the stolen children from Paradise Village to their rightful parents."
"Help us," Miguel says quietly.
"We'll help you," states Felipa.  "Right, Jason?"
He's stares into space with an agonized expression.  I can't tell if he's still thinking about the horrible scenario I described to him with his daughter, or if he's thinking about the ramifications of helping us.
"Right, Jason?" Felipa repeats.
"Yeah, right," he mumbles.
Felipa nods and looks at Miguel and me.  "We won't let you down."  
"You'll let us on the plane?" Miguel asks eagerly.
Felipa sighs heavily.  "That's where it gets complicated.  We can't take you with us."
"Why not?" Miguel questions.
"The plane isn't working right," she explains.  "We can't have any extra load.  Besides, they're watching our every move outside."
I nod solemnly.  "There's no way we can make it to the plane undetected," I mumble with a deflated voice.
"That's right," Jason chimes in, his tone almost jovial.
Felipa seems as upset as I am.  "Unfortunately, we can't even radio it in since we're also having problems with the radio."
Jason nods.  "The radio just isn't working."
"Can you hide here until we make it back to the United States and talk to the authorities?" Felipa asks.
"We'll hide here for as long as we have to," I state.
"As long as we know help is on its way, we'll be fine," Miguel interjects.
"You'll be free soon," comments Felipa.  
Freedom.  The word reverberates in my head.  It sends little electrical impulses up my spine.  I'll be free to see my mother again.  She'll seem like a dream, but she'll be real.  She'll hold me and tell me she loves me.  I'll tell her how much I've missed her.  That her memory kept hope from dying inside of me.  It kept me from being brainwashed.  It kept me fighting for every step I took to move forward.  It kept me alive.
Her memory made me empathize with the rest of the slaves here.  It kept me believing in a higher power that's good instead of the self serving one shoved down our throats in Paradise Village.  My mother--I can't believe that I'll be seeing her again soon.
The door to the outside suddenly swings open.
Uh-oh.



Chapter Thirty-Six

"Archibald," a voice says from the outside as Grinder holds the door open.  "The unloading is done."
That split second that Grinder was detained allowed for Grinder not to step into the door frame right away.  Miguel and I swiftly scrunch down in our hiding place.
"All of it is done?" questions Grinder with a gruff voice.
"Yes, all."
"Let me see what's taking those two pilots so long," Grinder snaps, stepping into the doorway.  "Haven't you found that stupid I.D. tag yet?"
"We just found it," states Felipa.  "We were about to go outside."
"Shake a leg then," he roars.  "Out you two!"
"There's something I want to tell you," Jason mumbles.
My blood chills to frozen ice.  Next to me, I feel a jittery Miguel 
"What do you want to say to Mr. Grinder?" questions Felipa, her voice angry and nervous at the same time.  
"I just wanted to say . . ."
"Hurry up," roars Grinder.  "I don't have all day."
"Are there only adults in your community?" Jason questions, his voice shaky.
"Of course!  It's a retirement community," he snaps.  "Why do you ask?"
"He's asking because his aunt has always dreamed of retiring on an island," Felipa rushes, "but she doesn't like children.  I guess that with landmines and dangerous animals there's no way you'd have young ones here."
"That's right."
"His aunt--"
"I already told you," he roars, exasperated.  "This is an exclusive community.  We only accept certain people here."
"Okay," Jason mutters.  "I understand."
"Now stop wasting my time with stupid questions," Grinder retorts.  "It's time for you to leave."
As soon as the door opens and the three of them step out, Miguel stands up.  I grab his left arm and pull him back down.
"Let's wait a while," I tell him.
"You think they'll be back?"
"You never know."
"You're right," he states.
"Better safe than sorry."
"Do you think that Felipa and Jason are really going to help us?" he asks, his tone both concerned and hopeful.
"I think Felipa will."
"I'm worried about Jason."
"So am I," I admit.
"I really thought he was going to spill the beans about us."
"The good thing is that he now knows Grinder is a liar.  What's the explanation for us if there are only adults in Paradise Village?"
"Hopefully Jason believed us after that," Miguel comments.
"He's still tempted by all the money he earns here, though."
"What if he convinces Felipa to keep quiet about our situation here?"
The thought had crossed my mind, but I had cast it out.  Felipa wouldn't betray us for money.  I just knew it.
"I don't think she'd keep quiet," I assert.
"Money does strange things to people."
"I don't think she could live with herself if she didn't speak up about the horror here.  Every time she'd come to deliver stuff, guilt and horror would be getting to her.  Don't you think?"
"I would hope so or what kind of a human being would she be?" Miguel questions.  "In fact, Jason is a monster if he's even thinking of sweeping Paradise Village under a rug."
"Yes, a monster."
"How can he even consider blabbing about us to Grinder?"
"Let's not think about that. Felipa is going to help us.  We'll soon be out of this nightmare."
"Yes, we will."
The door swings open.  Miguel and I automatically clam up.  My insides are twisting with worry.  Had Jason blurted about our presence here?
"See, I told you we have plenty of liquor stored here." 
"Archibald wants all of it in his wine cellar in his basement.  We only have a few bottles in the truck.
"The truck is already full of supplies.  We'll have to be back for the rest of the alcohol later on."



Chapter Thirty-Seven

Deeply relieved, my breathing normalizes.  Thank goodness I had told Miguel that we should stay in the hiding place for a while longer.  But I'm deeply concerned about the guards coming back.  They are low level Masters and as cruel as the upper Masters.  When the door shuts behind them, I put my hand on Miguel's shoulder.  He puts his hand over mine.
"What'll we do?" I ask him.  "What if they find us when they come back?"
"We'll have to leave here."
"Leave?"  I don't have any desire whatsoever to be back in the middle of the dangerous jungle.
"There's a stream close to here, Frida.  We can wash up, get some water, and hide out."
"That doesn't sound half bad."  Even though we had soda and juices here, I'm still thirsty for water.  Miguel and I had drunk the last drop of water in the canteen some time ago.
He smiles.  "We'll be okay, Frida."
"We only have to wait a little while longer, right?"
"Right."
"We'll be rescued soon," I sigh.
"Before we know it."
We decide not to leave right away.  The warehouse is pretty safe, and we want to be in it for as long as we can.  We figure the guards have to drive to Paradise Village which is only a few miles away according to Miguel, but they still have to unload a lot of products.  
"Let's eat," Miguel says after he climbed the stack next to our favorite window and made sure no one was outside.
I readily agree.  Being able to fill my stomach is like a miracle to me.  I grab at regular potato chips and canned meats that can be opened with their own tabs.  Miguel takes hot fries and frozen pizza.  We have no way of heating what is frozen but when you've starved most of your life, almost anything tastes good.  We don't gobble the food up this time but let it sit on our tongues as we enjoy the last shred of flavor.
"Are you full?" he asks me.
"I'm very full.  And you?"
"Same.  I never thought we'd ever fill up our stomachs."
"Me either."
Like the trash before, we throw it away in the trash can.  It's already loaded with the garbage the pilots had flung in it.  We make sure we cover ours with theirs even though I doubt the guards will dig to see what's in there.
"I think we'd better head out," Miguel says.  
I nod solemnly.  I hate leaving the warehouse, but it's for the best.  All we have to do now is wait for our rescue and not get caught.  
Following the steps of Miguel, we walk cautiously.  I feel better when we're hidden by trees and vines.  Even though I know no one is near the warehouse, I'm still relieved to be out of its sights.  
"The stream will be safe, won't it?" I ask Miguel.
"It's just a small stream--not a swamp."
I breathe out a long string of air.  "No alligators or crocodiles?"
"Nope."
"Or Anacondas?"
"Nope."
"You said we'd be able to wash up?"
"The water is pretty clean."
It doesn't take long for us to get there.  As Miguel said, it's a small stream.  The first thing we do is take water and boil it.  We drink as much as we can, and get water to disinfect.  That water goes in the canteen.
"Let's get in," he says.
We take off our shoes and wade in.  The tiny stones tickle our feet.  The water is so refreshing.  It's too bad that we can't plunge in since the running water only gets to our ankles.  Still, I'm grateful for a chance to bathe myself.  Bending down, I cup my hands and plunge them into the water.  Then I raise my hands over me and let the cupped water pour over me. 
Miguel and I are smiling and laughing.  We're thoroughly enjoying the water.  Maybe that's why we don't hear the shuffling of feet.
"I can't believe you're not dead," a voice says behind us.



Chapter Thirty-Eight

Two guards stand behind us.  I start grabbing my boomerang but when I see what's in their hands, I change my mind.  Their rifles are pointed at us.  One of them has a scrunched map peeking out of his pocket.
"We were positive you had died in the last explosion," states Guard Stanton.
"What a stroke of luck that you broke that liquor bottle and wanted to get cleaned up before getting to town," comments Guard Mort.
"Archibald would've harangued me if he knew I had broken one of his precious bottles," Guard Stanton says wryly.
"Now he'll be thrilled with us!  Thrilled we'll be bringing these two to him."
"Were you on your way to the warehouse?" asks Guard Stanton.  "You knew about it, right, Miguelito?"
Miguel nods.
"Tell us, how did you evade all those Elders and the dogs after you?"
Miguel and I shrug our shoulders.
"Must've of been blind, stupid luck," Guard Mort snarls.  "What else?"
"Don't you feel bad that all those men died because of you?" 
"If they hadn't been hunting us they wouldn't have died," I state.
The guards' faces twist in a sneer.  "But we have to go after what's ours!" snaps Guard Mort.
"We're not property!"  Miguel yells.
Guard Stanton eyes him strangely.  "Where's your stutter, Miguelito?"
Miguel rolls his eyes.
"It magically disappeared," Miguel snaps.
Guard Stanton eyes him with disbelief.  "What?"
"Let's take these two to Archibald and let him sort it all out," Guard Mort states.
"I have to wash away the liquor first.  Keep the shotgun on them," Guard Stanton says as he sets his own shotgun next to Guard Mort and heads for the water.  
Miguel and I stare at Guard Stanton as he splashes the water on himself.  I'm having a difficult time coming to terms that after everything, we've been caught.  But not all is lost, I tell myself.  Felipa will save us.  Miguel and I have to stay alive while the authorities come.
Guard Stanton takes off his shirt and washes it in the stream.  A breeze flows by and I can smell the vodka.  He must've gotten some on his clothes when he broke the bottle.  
"So how is it that you don't have a stutter anymore, Miguelito?" he questions as he wrings his shirt.
Miguel shrugs.  "It's a miracle from the Great Master."
"Don't take me for a fool," he snaps.
"The Great Master doesn't do miracles?" Miguel asks innocently.
Guard Stanton glares at him as he puts the shirt back on.  "I hope this thing dries before we get back to Paradise Village."
"You're lucky that the sun is so hot today," comments Guard Mort.  
"Hopefully Archibald won't suspect about the broken bottle," snarls Guard Stanton as he steps out of the stream and to the other guard.  In one swoop, he picks up the shotgun and aims it towards us.  "Okay, you two, start coming our way."
Miguel gives me a strange look and starts heading towards the guards.  I follow.  He's up to something.  I hope it doesn't put us in too much danger.
"Ow!" he yells, falling to the ground.
"Stand up, you imbecile," Guard Mort yells.
"I tripped on a vine," Miguel cries, rubbing his leg.  Luckily, there's a huge green vine on the ground.  
"Are you okay, Miguel?" I ask, playing along with him as I rush to him.
"You'd better stand up!"
Miguel tries to get off the ground but stumbles back down.  I try to make it seem like I'm helping, but then we both fall to the dirt.  
"I think I've sprained an ankle," Miguel assures, groaning in supposed pain.  Instead of standing up, I pretend I'm looking at his ankle.
"It's already swelling up," I lie.
"You total imbecile!" snaps Guard Stanton.
"I can't walk," Miguel explains.  "What do you want me to do?"
"We should just shoot you!"
"If Highest Holy Grinder finds out, you'll be in real trouble," I comment.
Guard Mort's face twists with fury.  "We're not carrying you to Paradise Village!"
"If one of you will get me a branch from the tree close to you, I can use it as a cane.  Otherwise I won't be able to walk."
"We're not your servants!" retorts Guard Stanton.
"Suit yourselves but I already told you I can't walk."
"We're not going to do your bidding!" insists Guard Stanton.
"Then you can either carry me or let me lean on you."
"Monica, get the branch," demands Guard Mort.
"I don't think I'm strong enough to be able to climb the tree and cut it.  We haven't eaten anything but weeds for days," I tell them, making my voice the most sincere.
Guard Stanton looks furiously at Guard Mort.  "Just get him the stupid thing!--or we'll end up having to carry him!"
"Okay, okay," he says, stepping over to the tree.
Miguel eyes me.  I know what he's trying to tell me.
Click.  
We fling ourselves to the ground and cover our ears.
BOOM!
We look up to find both guards gone and the tree in bits and pieces on the ground.  They had been so close to one another that the landmine had hit both.  Our quiet world begins again as our ears can barely hear.  I worry that with so many explosions we've been involved in we'll grow deaf.  Miguel makes gestures with his hands asking me if I'm fine.  I nod my head.  I point to him.  He also tells me through signs that he's fine.  
No longer having to fake a sprained ankle, he stands up.  I do the same.  My head is in a foggy mess with the explosion still ringing in my ears.  
Will it be safe to go back to the warehouse? I wonder.
When the two guards don't get back to Paradise Village, other guards will come back to look for them.  They may scour the warehouse.  Maybe Miguel and I should return to the beach while help comes.  
Just as I'm about to try to convey my thoughts to Miguel,  two men spring out from behind some bushes.
They are guards.



Chapter Thirty-Nine

"How can these two idiots have caused so many problems?" yells a furious Grinder.  "Why aren't they dead instead of all the others?"
The guards had taken Miguel and me back to Paradise Village.  My heart wanted to burst into millions of pieces when we had stepped off the truck.  I hated Paradise Village even more than before now that I had had a taste of freedom.  One guard had ridden in the delivery truck with us with his shotgun pointed at us while the other one drove.  They tried to ask us questions, but we pointed to our ears and shook our heads. 
Actually, our hearing was coming back but Miguel and I had eyeballed one another.  It was better to pretend we couldn't hear anything.  
"Why are you still alive?!" Grinder yells at Miguel.  We're outside of Grinder's house.  When Miguel doesn't answer, Grinder starts beating him with a discipline club.  I almost intervene, but Miguel warns me with his eyes to stay put.
"Archibald, these two can't hear you."  Guard Donavan explains.  Grinder's club stops in mid air.
"What do you mean?"
"The explosion messed up their hearing."
"It doesn't matter.  They'll soon be paying for everything they've done.  They'll soon be dead."
"Yes, Archibald."
"It's time to show the Great Master what we do to people like them!" 
"What are we going to do to them, Archibald?"
"First let's shackle them up!" Grinder sneers.  "It's time we use the new shackles!  Ring the bells!  Let's make sure everyone sees them!"
Guard Donavan rushes to the delivery truck and brings out a box.  It's full of heavy chains and locks.  This was a new torture.  I had never seen anyone in Paradise Village harnessed this way.  Two guards shackle our arms with our legs.  A chain connects the shackles on our legs to our arms making it difficult to move very much. 
"Ring the church bells and then stand at the church door and tell everyone to go to the square in front of city hall," he demands gleefully.
"Yes, Archibald."
"They'll get to see first hand what happens to heretics!"
We're left alone with Grinder who has an evil glint in his eye.  Carrying a shotgun, he scampers all around us while chuckling darkly.  Then he points it at Miguel's head.  Perspiration slides down my face.  Every part of me is shaking.
"Boom!" he yells, his laughter erupting louder.  "It's too bad that you can't hear me.  I'm not going to kill you this way."
I stare at the ground, so he won't see me glaring at him.  I still don't want him to know we can hear him.
"We have to have a ceremony to show everyone what we do with the unfaithful!"
I clench my hands.
"But to be honest with you, you did me a favor.  You got rid of Alcott and other Elders.  Now I don't have to put up with their constant watch over me.  I’m the one who is the son of the Great Master!  I rule here now!"
The church bells ring loud and clear.  I look at Miguel and he looks back at me.  Our eyes are weary.  We have absolutely no idea what this mad man has in store for us.
"I rule!  It's now as it always should've been!"
I want to vomit at his assertions.
"The True Faith will now have a chance at thriving!"  
"Archibald, everything's ready," Guard Donavan says, coming back.  "Everyone is at the square."
"You heard him!  Walk!" Grinder demands of us as he points his shotgun to the square.  Miguel and I slowly move towards where he's indicating.  My stomach churns with burning acid as I go through Paradise Village.  I walk the streets I've walked a million times before.  I hate every single one of them.  
In the square, people are shocked with the sight of us.  I see the familiar faces.  Little Haley cries out with anguish and rushes towards me.
"Get her!" Grinder demands from a guard with fury.  "I can't have my destiny-wife soiling her hands with trash!"
The guard grabs her as she's about to get to me.  She shrieks and sobs until her cries become muffled down.  Tears fill my own eyes when I see the pain hers are in.  I desperately want to tell her that help is on its way.  Even if I may be dead by then, but she won't be condemned to live the life I did.
Felipa is going to put a stop to this.
She has to.
I can't even think about little Haley getting stuck with Grinder--one of the most evil people I had ever met.  She won't get stuck with him.  She won't.
"Stop!" Grinder yells and then he indicates to us when we're in the middle of the square.  We're surrounded by some gleeful faces but mostly by terrified expressions.  
"Faithful followers," he roars, "we're here today to do justice!  These two have been in alliance with the evil creature and have killed some of our greatest citizens here!"
Gasps resonate in the air.
"The Great Master in his great power and mercy has allowed us to capture Monica and Miguelito so we can avenge our brethren!"
"Avenge!  Avenge!"  some voices in the crowd say.  It never ceases to surprise me how a mob can get so blood thirsty in a matter of minutes.  
"We have to do honor to the Great Master!"
"Yes, Highest Holy Grinder!  Yes," those same voices chant.  I'm relieved, though, that those horrid voices are few.  Almost everyone else is quiet with fear on their faces.
Helga then catches my eye.  She's next to Grinder, and her face is full of disgust.  I had been made to leave her black bag on the delivery truck.  I wish I could tell her that not all of the escape had been a bust.  
"From this day on, we'll be double blessed for having done away with these heretics!  For having honored the Great Master with our sacrifice and dedication!"
"Sacrifice and dedication," the same voices chant.
Helga sadly shakes her head.
"Let's start the blessings!" Grinder gleefully announces.  "Where's Jory and the dogs?"
My mouth turns completely dry.  I now know Grinder's evil plan for us. 
"I'm here, Highest Holy Grinder." Jory's voice is coming from a distance.  The crowd parts, and Jory starts going towards Miguel and me with the dogs.
"Okay, Jory," sneers Grinder.  "Do the Great Master's bidding, and tell the dogs they can have at Monica and Miguelito!"



Chapter Forty

I'm not sure that the dogs will tear me apart.  What I am sure is that they'll do it to Miguel.  He looks at me with agony.
"I have to tell you that I love you, Frida," he whispers to me.
"I love you too, Miguel."
"Jory, what are you waiting for?" snaps Grinder.
Jory eyes us with anguish.  He doesn't want to give the order.  A normal person can't stand the idea of murdering someone, and he must know that that's exactly what he'd be doing through the dogs.  
"I need to say something!"  I look into the crowd.  If I'm going to die then they're going to hear me out before I take my last breath.
"You can plead for your life, but the Great Master has already spoken," hisses Grinder.
"I'm not pleading for my life."
"Are you repenting for all your sins?"
"Destiny-brides, wives, servant-girls and servant-boys, you've been lied to!"
A loud gasp fills the air.
I speak before Grinder can stop me.  "The Elders made up the True Faith to keep us and our minds in captivity!  I heard Bledsoe say it on the night he died!"
"Shut-up, you heathen!" Grinder yells as he furiously starts going up to me with his shotgun.
"Wake-up!  Wake-up."
I avoid looking at the weapon that's probably going to kill me.
"Shut up," he says, pointing it at me.
"Take your minds back!"
His eyes are spitting fire.  "This death would be too easy," he roars as he lays his shotgun to his side with one hand.  With the other he pulls out his discipline club.
"Don't be fooled anymore!  No great creator of the universe wants you to be slaves!"  
Whack!
Whack!
Whack!
I slump to the ground.
"They've lied to us, told us our parents didn't want us, but it's not true!" Miguel explains.
"Where's your stutter?" Grinder stops beating me to ask the question the crowd is wondering about.
"It doesn't matter!  What matters is that what Frida is saying is true.  Frida is Monica's real name.  Do you remember your real names before having been stolen?"
"Shut up!" Grinder roars as he leaves me to go to Miguel.
Miguel eyes me telling me to keep talking.
"Aren't you sick and tired of living in fear?" I question.  "Of being married off to whatever Master the Elders want you to marry?  Of never having any freedom?  Of being at your Master's disposal 24/7?"
Grinder turns away from Miguel and starts beating me.
"Just because we're not Elders or Masters doesn't mean we should be slaves!" Miguel tells them.
Grinder turns back to him and furiously beats him with his discipline club.
"Look around you," I implore, "There's not that many Elders and Masters left.  You can take back your freedom!  Take it back!"
An Elder rushes up to us with rags in his hand.  He roughly pushes one in my mouth.  Then he gives the other one to Grinder who slams it in Miguel's mouth.  We've been muted.  I just hope the crowd had listened carefully to what we said.
Faithful followers," Grinder roars, "you are to disregard the nonsense these two have spewed out.  The evil creature is in full control of them.  They're trying to steer you away from your righteous path with the Great Master.  Don't be fooled by them!"
The crowd seems restless.  Concern covers the faces of the Elders and Masters.  They know they have to do something quick.  I prepare myself to die.
"We need to rid Paradise Village of this evil!" Grinder snaps.  "Jory, command the dogs to take their evil apart!"
Jory stares at us, a pained look in his eyes.  
"Jory!"
"Sorry, Highest Holy Grinder.  I just can't."
"I'll deal with you later," Grinder barks.  "I'll have to do this myself." He starts to stride over to Jory.  Faster than lightning, Helga grabs his shotgun that's loosely hanging from his right hand as she fiercely knocks him to the ground.  Pointing the shotgun at him, the whole crowd is dumbstruck.
"Put it down, Helga or we'll shoot," one of the guards say.  But if they shoot her they have to risk the crowd going chaotic since she wouldn't be a clear shot.  Too many people are in the way.
"I'll shoot him if you shoot me!" Helga states.
"Don't do anything!" Grinder orders the guards.
"Helga, come to your senses," implores Guard Donavan.
Helga glares at him.  "I've finally come to my senses!"
"Please don't kill me," pleads Grinder.
"I'm not going to stand here and watch as you keep murdering my friends!"
"Helga, you're under the influence of the evil creature," says an Elder with soothing tones as Grinder wreathes on the ground with a terrified expression on his face.  "We'll help exorcise him out of you.  We know it's not your fault you've been possessed."
"What do you think I am?--stupid?  What you'll do is put me to sleep!"
"We wouldn't do that."
Helga smirks loudly.  "You do it all the time!  You kill us at a drop of a hat."
"The Great Master--"
"Why would the Great Master create us in order for you to kill us?  If he's the Great Master then why doesn't he just have us die at thirty automatically without interference from you, huh?"
Vociferous gasps reverberate from the crowd.  They are getting more and more restless.  
"It's bad to question the ways of the Great Master."
"Helga, stop questioning the Great Master!" one of the family-wives say.  "It's blasphemy!"
"We can't let this happen to our spiritual leader!" roars another family-wife.
Will the crowd turn on us?



Chapter Forty-One

Miguel looks at me with concerned eyes.  We're both thinking the same thing.  The brainwash must've gone too deep.
"Is Grinder really a spiritual leader?" I ask.  "Do you really think he's a good person?"
"He's the son of the Great Master!" a voice yells.
Grinder nods fervently.  "I am the son of--"
"He says he's the son of the Great Master," snarls Miguel.  "Why should we believe him when he's done nothing but abuse us?  Does he have any special powers?  Is he ever worried about our well being?"
"Seriously, how can this jerk be the son of the master of the universe?" Helga questions angrily.  "Seriously?!"
"He can't be," I state.  "If he was he'd be a different kind of person."
"That's blasphemy!" yells a voice in the crowd.
"Maybe this whole situation is a blasphemy!" another voice roars. 
"They've been lying to us!" a third voice rages.  "I'm not going to stand for this anymore!"
Furious voices start popping from everywhere.  The crowd is definitely getting more and more restless.  And they had listened to what Helga, Miguel, and I had said.
"I'm not going to be a slave anymore!"
"I deserve freedom!"
"They aren't better than us!"
"They're pure evil!"
Miguel and I look at one another with relief.  Most of the crowd is with us.
"The guard with the keys to the shackles had better unlock them within the next minute or Grinder gets it!" Helga demands.
"Unlock them!" demands Grinder, chilled fear in his tone.  "Unlock then immediately!"
Guard Donavan steps over to Miguel and me.  His hands are shaking as he sets us free.
"All guards set your weapons down."
In stunned silence they refuse.  Helga puts the shotgun to Grinder's forehead.
"Set your weapons down!  Set them down!"
 They let the shotguns drop to their sides.  
"Gather over here, guards, Masters, and Elders!" Helga demands.  
"No!" an Elder shouts.  "Guards, pull up your weapons!  We need to take control again!!!"
The buzz in the crowd turns into frenzied fury.  
Chaos!  
It's happening so fast that I'm having trouble assimilating everything.  Those next to the guards snatch away their weapons.  Those next to Elders and Masters tear away discipline clubs.
Explosive bullets reverberate.  Heavy whacks sound through the air.
Furious noises and painful sounds permeate the air.   
I finally realize that the guards, Masters, and Elders have been completely disarmed.  The weapons had been accidentally fired when they had been confiscated.  I pray that no one got hurt by stray bullets.  I scan the crowd and it doesn't seem like it.  What is happening, though, is that our captors are being beaten to death by the crowd.  Unfortunately, those few destiny-brides, wives, and servant-boys still loyal to them are throwing themselves over them and are being beaten too.
"Stop!" I tell them.
But the crowd is bloodthirsty.  Anger from years of servitude boils in their blood.  Their faces are contorted with pure rage.  Helga and Miguel eye me with a worried expression.  
I rush to one of the girls who had confiscated a shotgun.  She readily gives it to me.  Pointing it upward and away from anybody, I fire until the crowd calms down.  They stare at me in stunned silence.
"This is getting out of hand," I tell them.  "People are getting hurt."
The captors and their followers are on the ground with blood running out of their ample wounds.  Deep purple bruises, black eyes, and open scarlet cuts permeate their skin.
"They deserve to get hurt," snaps a destiny-bride.
"I know a lot of damage was done to us, but remember that our captors aren't the only ones getting hurt.  Some of us are still brainwashed.  It's hard to get something out of your head that has been planted in there and watered over and over again."
A silence echoes through the crowd.
"Let's gather them together with Grinder like Helga wanted it done."
The captors are made to stand up and forced towards Grinder.  Their brainwashed followers are prevented from joining them by the crowd.  Strange how these men looked so much larger-than-life before today.  So ominous and powerful.  Now they peer at us with terrified faces and look as small as mice.
"What do we do with them?" snaps a boy.
"Shoot them!" growls another.
"Please don't kill us," pleads Grinder.
"Shoot them," repeats a voice.
"No!" Helga commands.  "Let's put them in the discipline room while we decide what to do with them!"
"Yes, please put us in the discipline room," begs Grinder.  "But don't let the crowd have us.  Please."
"Shut up!" yells Helga.  "I don't want to hear your voice!"
"Please be merciful with us," a guard blurts.  
"That reminds me.  Any guards left on the guarded road?" I ask Miguel with concern.
"None.  Grinder had them all here.  He must've thought he had everything under perfect control."
"Let's take them to the discipline room!" states Helga.  "Get up!"
The captors stumble off the ground.  It takes a while for some of them to make it to their feet.  
"Move!" Helga commands of them.  We walk behind them.  It looks like a death march.
As we walk on the roads I had been on so many times before, I can't help thinking how different Paradise Village now seems to me.  In fact, it looks like a completely different place.  With the change of power, the air and scenery have transformed.
"Keep moving!" Helga demands when some of the captors stumble.
 When we reach the road in front of the True Faith church, I stop.  Wincing and with a severe twist in my chest, I glare at it.  The overwhelming rage inside of me boils.  The sanctum was the place of the worst torture.  
How can a church be used for such a thing?
How?
How can people be so cruel to each other just to keep their power?
If I could I'd destroy the True Faith church with my bare hands.  I'd first destroy the marble slab used to murder my friends.  I'd take down the walls.  I'd break the statues in the image of the Elders.  
Apparently, I'm not the only one with rushing emotions because the rest of the crowd had stopped walking too.  They're staring at the True Faith Church with disgust and wet eyes.  They remember what I remember.
Pure torture.
Pure agony.
Pure evil.
A voice pierces the silent air.  Grinder.
"Run!" he commands.  "Follow me!"
The captors are escaping!



Chapter Forty-Two

Having taken advantage of our comatose state at the church, the captors had used our pain to their advantage like they always had.  
Run, run, run.
The captors are rushing towards the jungle.  Even the ones who are severely hurt are moving fast.
Some people in the crowd start pulling up the shotguns that were confiscated while others try to catch up to the captors.
"Stop!" Miguel yells.  "Let them go!"
The crowd does as Miguel says in stunned silence.
"But they'll escape!" Helga shrieks, her voice very upset.
"No, they won't," Miguel states, his voice weary and firm.
"What do you mean?"
"What they know is wrong."
"Get on the ground and cover your ears!" I tell them as I hit the dirt.  The crowd starts doing the same even when they don't know what's about to happen.
Click. 
BOOM!
This happens several times since more than one off the captors must've stepped on landmines.  One by one, the people in the crowd start getting off the ground.  Luckily, the blasts had happened at a distance from us, but our hearing is still impaired.  It doesn't matter.  Not any of us feel like speaking.  
We stand around in stunned silence as we stare in the direction of the blasts.  The captors are dead.  We're alone in Paradise Village.  No Elders, no Masters, no guards.  Just us.
Its too mind boggling for words.
We hardly notice when our hearing starts coming back.  Then one of the brainwashed followers throws herself on the ground with agonized shrieks.
"They're dead!  What are we going to do!  The Great Master will never forgive us."
A few others start to cry out with similar words.  We try to soothe them, but they are so disconcerted that they don't listen to us.
"We need to pray!" one of the helper-boys says as he starts rushing to the church.  Others follow him.
"It'll take time for them to get their minds back," states Miguel sadly.
"But we'll help them do it," I assure, trying to make my voice as confident at possible.  "This nightmare is over."
"We're free!" Helga cries out.  
"Free!"  The chanting begins.
I search for little Haley.  She's standing alone underneath a tree.  Her eyes are round as marbles with confusion and fear.  She doesn't know exactly what happened.  I take her in my arms.
"Are you okay, baby?"
"I'm so glad you're back!" she cries, hugging me tighter.  "I tried to be brave like you told me."
"I'm sure you were."
As I take her to the slave quarters because I think it's better for her to be away from the frenzied crowd, people are opening the warehouse and throwing food to the crowd.  A celebration party is starting.  
"Take this," Helga tells me as she hands me some fruit.  "You and the little one must be hungry."
I wasn't but Haley probably was starving, so I take an apple.  Handing it to Haley, she grins at Helga and me before biting into it.
"Helga," I say, smiling, "Thank you for saving my life and Miguel's."
She shakes her head.  "On the contrary.  Thank you for escaping and showing us we don't have to live like this." 
When Haley and I make it to the slave quarters, loud sounds start blaring from the streets.  Music is being played from the devices that had belonged to the Masters.  Haley listens to the music with fascination, but her little face looks exhausted.  I don't pay attention to the blaring songs as I put Haley to bed.
"Rest," I tell her.
"You'll be here when I wake up?" she whispers, yawning.
"Yes."
In a few seconds she's fast asleep.  I watch her and smile.  When the door opens, I shift my eyes to it, telling myself I don't have to be afraid anymore.  It's Miguel.  He sheepishly goes over to me.
"I thought you'd be here," he says quietly.
I motion for us to move to the other side of the slave quarters so we won't wake Haley.  He follows me.
"Hailey needed to rest after such a crazy day," I tell him as we get to Helga's bunk and sit down.
"A very crazy day."
"Besides, I didn't feel like celebrating.  I mean I'm happy that we're free but there have been so many deaths, you know?"
He nods solemnly.  "Even the deaths of horrible people are sad."
"I'm exhausted and my emotions are all over the place."
"So are mine."
"There's something I don't understand," I tell him pensively.
"What is it?"
"I thought you had said that the landmines close to Paradise Village were well supervised by the Elders.  Didn't they know where the mines were?"
"There was one day when the Elders were confused as to who was supposed to be supervising us, and we were left alone."
"So you changed the location of the mines?"
"Yes."
"Is this really over?" I ask him with emotion.
He puts his left arm around me in a warm hug.  "Yes."
"We're really free?"
"Yes."
His mouth comes to mine.  The kiss we share is unlike the other ones we had indulged in before.  This one is free from any fear.  We don't have to worry about getting caught or about where we're at.
We're free.
Free to enjoy the most beautiful of kisses.

The door to the slave quarters swings abruptly open, waking me up.  It's dawn and I had slept next to Haley.  Miguel had slept on the top bunk.
A rifle points into the room.  My heart thumps as I wait to see who steps in the door.



Chapter Forty-Three

Armed people start rushing in!  Haley wakes with a start.  I put my arms around her, trying to protect her with my body.  Miguel jumps down from the top bunk.
"Don't move," a male tells him.
Miguel raises his hands over his head.  "Who are you?"
"Are you the only three here?" asks a female.
Miguel and I nod.  
"Are you Frida?" she asks me.
"That's me, but who are you?"
"You must be Miguel," she says to him.
He nods.
"Everything is okay," she says to the armed people in military uniforms in the room.  "Go check the town."
Once they leave, I turn to the woman.  "Will you tell us who you are?"
"Felipa Estefan told us about this place.  I'm still in disbelief."
"It's all true," I tell her.
"I'm Rhoda and we're here to save you," she states.
"We've saved ourselves but can we hitch a ride home?" I ask her.
"It'll be our pleasure."

Once we make it back to the United States, we're put in some dorms while our families are located.  We huddle together hardly believing we're free.  Miguel, Hailey, and I stick together like glue.  
During meals, we are intimidated by the generous proportions of food they're giving us.  The destiny-brides have trouble using utensils but then the family-wives start teaching us. 
Destiny-brides.
Family-wives.
I've got to stop using those ugly terms.  But like I've said before, the brainwash goes deep.  The hardcore-brainwashed ones are put in another section of the dormitory since they've been freaking everyone out with their talk of how the Great Master will punish us.  Rhoda tells me that they'll be treated with specialists.
"I hope they can get their minds straight," I tell her.
"I hope so too."
"They're not bad people," Miguel interjects.  "Just mixed up."
"I know."
"Have you had any luck locating our families?" I ask eagerly.
"That's precisely what I needed to talk to you about," she tells me.
"What is it?" I question with a shaky voice.
"We'll have to talk in private, Frida.  Come with me."
Miguel notices my consternated face and gives me a warm hug before I follow her.  I walk with a heavy heart.  Why does she need to see me by myself?  It has to be bad news judging by her solemn face.
Is my mother dead--maybe with a broken heart over my disappearance?
I can't bear the thought.  
She leads me to some kind of an office and opens the door.  "Come in, Frida."
I look at her with trepidation.  I don't want to step in the office to hear the bad news.
"Don't be afraid, Frida," she says soothingly.  "There's someone waiting for you."
Can it be who I think it is?
I rush inside.  Disappointment stabs at me because it's not my mother sitting on a chair.  Nonetheless, it's someone I'm very grateful to.
"Felipa!" I cry out as I hug her.  "Thank you so much!"
"I'm so happy you're safe," she gushes with tears in her eyes.  "I just had to come here and see for myself."
"Thank you."
"Frida, I do have some bad news for you, though," Rhoda says solemnly.
I brace myself.  My stomach is turning into a knot and my breathing is hard.  "It's about my mother, isn't it?" I ask quietly.
"We weren't able to locate her."
"She's not dead, is she?"
"No," states Rhoda.
I breathe out such an air of relief that I want to lay my head on the desk in front of me.
"It's just a matter of locating her, right?" I ask, hopefully.
"Frida," interjects Felipa.  "Do you remember Jason?"
"The other pilot?" I ask, confused at to the line of questioning.  What does he have to do with my mother?
"Well, he felt so bad about the way he acted that he's the one who located your mom."
"He did!" I rush with excitement.
Rhoda stands up and moves to a second door in the small office.  "He flew her here," she chirps opening the door.
My mother!
It's my mother rushing in the door and putting her arms around me!
"Is it really you, Frida," she keeps asking, a thick tears flooding down her face.
"It's me, Mama.  It's really me."
There's not a dry eye in the room.  For the first time I notice that Jason was also in the other room with my mother.  He's grinning while shedding some tears at the same time.
"Thank you, Jason," I manage to say between the happy sobs in my throat.
"You're very welcome," he answers with a tight throat.  "I owed it to you."
It's a long, long time until we disengage.  And even then, we sit very close, making sure we are touching.   
My mother had aged a lot since I had last seen her.  Fine lines cover her face.  Her hair used to be black but is now pure white.  She must've lost fifty pounds.  Her face has a lost quality to it.
But she is the most beautiful sight I have ever seen.
We're finally together.



Epilogue

Hailey along with everybody else from Paradise Village are where they should've been all along--with their families.  The ones still deeply entrenched in the brainwash are making strides towards getting their own minds back, Rhoda is pleased to inform us.
Luckily, Miguel's family had settled in Albuquerque which is only a few hours from El Paso where I live with my mama.  My mother likes Miguel very much.  How can she not when I told her the whole story of our life in Paradise Village and our daring escape?  Miguel and I visit each other as often as we can.  He's trying to convince his family to move to El Paso.  I think he's going to accomplish it.  They're so grateful to have him back.
I realize that when we were about to die and I had told him I loved him I wasn't just speaking out of the tragedy of the moment.
I really do love Miguel.
He loves me too.
I still have nightmares.  I don't think I'll ever be able to have a fully normal life, but I remind myself a million times over that love surrounds me.
I'm very lucky. 
