“PARANORMAL APOCALYPSE THE BEGINNING”






I woke up early one morning it was around 8:30 on a Tuesday morning in April of 2013. I walked down stairs and my parents were in the kitchen. “Good Morning Steve” My mom said. Hi I said. I grabbed my Backpack and a doughnut. I had to get ready to leave for school. Rodger was already outside waiting for the bus. My dad said to have a good day. I said thanks and hope he and our mom do too. As I shut the front door and stepped outside. “I have a big day today I’m doing a news report on “The President. Wow that sounds important. It is remembered what happened last week? Some unknown person rushed on stage and screamed at him on live TV “It’s Coming” Yeah I do remember that. That freaked a lot of people out. Yeah we’ll the president only asked for me to report it. Dang that’s impressive so you’ll be there near the President today? Yes. I’d love to be there with you. Don’t you have to work today? No the fire station doesn’t need me today I’m off. Jim has been a firefighter for ten years. And Mary is one of the most successful reporters on TV. The Bus came and Steve and Rodger had left for school for the day. Mary got ready about an hour later and said “Wish me luck” and she left the house Jim grabbed some coffee and said “The least I can do is drive you on this important day.” Oh you don’t have too. Mary says. I know but I want too. Jim says. Ok I won’t say No Thank you. Mary gets in Jim’s Van and Jim gets in the Driver’s seat and opens the garage and they pull out and head for Downtown. Washington DC.  We arrived at The Station at about ten o’clock. Mary got out of the car. Thanks again she said as she started to walk towards her crew. Hi Alex. She said to the Cameraman. Todays the big day. He said. Yeah I’m Nervous the President specifically requested me to be the reporter. That’s a big Honor you don’t want to mess up. Alex says. I know you’re Nervous but being nervous makes you more nervous and that’s the last thing you want to be right know. Take a couple deep breaths and don’t feel intimidated just because you will be speaking with our leader in a few minutes. Thanks. Mary say’s sarcastically. You know you will be filming us so you’ll be near him too. Yeah true I uhh didn’t think of that. Here comes the Boss. Alex said. Mary looks over and see’s Walter Smith walking over towards us. “Hey it’s your big day I know you’ll do great you’re the Number one Reporter in the world the President specifically asked for you to Interview him for the first time since what happened last week with that weird guy. “There has to be some sort of explanation about that he said “IT’S COMING” Alex said. Yeah there is probably unless it’s just some terrorist threat. Anyways Agree with whatever the President says and Go Get E’m. Walter says as he starts to walk back to the truck. Jim ran over to Mary and said “Good Luck” Thanks. And he walked away. Mary saw The President Approaching. She walked on the stage Alex followed. “Don’t be Nervous” he repeated. I took a couple deep breaths and then gave him a thumb’s up. He turned the Camera on and said “Action” Then I say “We are Live Here Today at the White House in Washington D.C. I am “Mary Johnson” And we’re Just Moments away from a Sit Down Interview with “President Maxwell” for the First Time since last week when we heard that Threat we hopefully will learn More about who that unidentified man is all this and more after the Break.” Mary looked over at the Crowd Jim was Next to Walter they both waved. Alex said “Were doing good so far. I hate Commercials. Mary says. Alex laughed. I do too they are the Worst.” We are back. “The President approaches the Stage and walks over to Mary and sticks his hand out she shakes The Presidents hand. The President then says to have a seat. “Mary takes a seat. He then waves to the crowd in attendance as they cheer and clap he waves and smiles then takes a seat. “Ok let’s get this interview started shall we?” He says Smiling. “Ok Mary says. What the world wants to know is how you are after what happened last week? We haven’t heard from you in almost a week. “Well that’s a good question I’ve been doing fine In fact I have been in my office with my team of Brilliant investigators trying to figure out information on that Unknown person and we do in fact have Some information to share. Everybody in the crowd start to Cheer. “Settle down. Ha-ha you guys” The President says. “Last week I was rushed on stage by a man who shocked the world when he uttered two words that put fear in us “IT’S COMING.” Now we have No idea what he was refereeing too but I will be damned if they make any threats to this great Nation this Country we are The American People and we Will Not Let this Stand! Now will we? “NO WE WON’T” chants start to rock. Now that’s what I was hoping you were going to say. The man Responsible his name was “Elvis Marland” He is a scientist from Washington. We only know his name he refuses to tell us anything else as to why or what he is planning if anything. We are not going to stand for this he is getting a life sentence for threatening Not just me but all of your lives and Not cooperating with us causing Panic this last week. “Good to know. Just in case there is something going down what are your plans just in case? Mary asked. Well Mary let me be perfectly clear “I don’t Know what might be planned but listen to me The President Stares at the Camera and says “if you even think about doing anything to our Great Nation   anything at all it will Not stand I will Do something about it And you can “Guarant-DAMN-tee it!!” we will Go to War with you. I won’t put up threats from anyone Not Anymore America Deserves better and America will Be treated Better from here on out.” The President Stands up Mary Stands up. “Great interview I really enjoy talking with you you are one of the best reporters out there. He shakes Mary’s hand and Mary says “Thank you” it’s an Honor. The President walks off the Stage and Mary says “Ladies and Gentleman “PRESIDENT MAXWELL” Thanks for watching we will keep you Updated with New Information as Followed have a wonderful Day America.” And Alex turns the Camera off. 


CHAPTER TWO:

We had arrived at School about an Hour ago I am in the tenth grade and Rodger is in eighth grade. We had an all school wide assemble and watched the Presidents interview. The Principle Informed us that we were all safe and nothing was going to happen. But he was Very wrong in fact this was the Last day we were all about to be hit big by a disease and thus this was “THE BEGINNING OF THE PARANORMAL APOCALYPSE!” the Bell had rung and the Principle Dismissed us from the auditorium. We returned to class. My dad had said “Great Job.” The president really likes you. Yeah what can I say? I’m a people pleasure. Mary said laughing. We’ll you landed me. Jim said laughing. Walter came over and Shook marries hand and Alex. “You did great. I knew you would. So “Elvis marland?” I’m glad that interview is over now I can get on with my life. I can too. Mary says. Walter laughs then says “Marry, Alex and you too Jim come with me we need a toast to this.” Oh it’s too early to drink plus I have to drive home. Marry says. I do too. Walter says. But I’m too pumped please? We’ll ok Marry says. Alex agrees. Jim comes too. As they walk down the street to a bar. 4 of your best drinks my good man. Walter says to the bartender. He starts to mix the drinks. “Hey your marry. A guy at the bar says. You just interviewed the president that was a great interview. We’ll thank you. Marry says. The bartender hands everyone there drink. Walter then says “A Toast to our fantastic interview with the president and to many more fantastic future interviews. You are all like family to me I love you all.” Wow that’s uhh nice. Alex says. That is we feel the same way. Marry says to Walter. Good I’m glad. They each take a sip of the drink.  We here Gunshot Blasts from outside. Walter jumps to his feet runs towards the window. Sure enough A big white steel armored Truck was outside and about six people dressed in thick white lab suites had guns out shooting at everyone in sight. Who are they? Mary asked. As the Bartender locked the doors and grabbed out his gun. “Stay down” He told us. We all got on our knees and away from the windows. Jim flipped a table over and we hid behind it. Walter hid behind another table near the back door. We heard screaming and one man was scratching and pounding at the door “Let me in for the love of god Please let me in!” The bartender hesitated for a minute we remained silent as we heard gunshots and the man was silenced we assume he just got shot to death. The bartender turned the lights off and hid under the bar. To our horror we saw a shadow standing at the door “Come out Now and we will make it nice and easy” Resist and you will be slaughtered” the people said. We all stayed silent. We saw the doorknob move but the door was locked from the inside. “Ok You asked for it” We heard the men start to pound at the door and kick it down the door broke off its hinges and fell to the floor making a loud slam as it hit the floor. The men walked in the bar about six and they had some sort of light they were shinning “Look Around there must be someone in here” As three of the men went in opposite Directions searching for us. They were looking around at every booth in the bar when one noticed a flipped over table on the ground the one we were hiding under. “Over there” We heard them say. As we saw the lights coming towards us. I held my breath. The men were now right at the table two men grabbed the table and were about to pick it up and spot us when the bartender yelled out “Just me” and he started to shoot at them he shot two of the men in the head they dropped dead. The bartender didn’t expect the other three men on the other side of the bar to be on him so quickly they started to shoot at him. The bartender ducked and shot at the lights on the ceiling and a couple fell down the men dodged and glass shattered everywhere in the bar. The bartender started to throw beer bottles as a last resort at the men the broken bottles made the floor slippery. A couple of the men fell and the leader finally said “This guy is a nut and this isn’t worth it.” So he gave the order to run away. The bartender sighed. And watched the remaining four guys run out the door and he didn’t expect them to return and shoot him in the head the bartender fell down from the bar and landed on top of a table. The men shut the door and scurried away. Mary, Jim, Walter and Alex came rushing to the Bartenders side. You saved us. Marry said. “Yeah it was No problem your good people. I’d do it again and I’m sure you’d do the same for me if you had too. The man said. Thank you. Walter said. The man shook his head and we could tell he was in pain he asked us to pick him up off the table and set him on the floor. Walter grabbed him and set him down. Thank you. He said. He was bleeding out and we could tell his back was broken there was nothing we could do. He cried out in pain. And said this is good. Why? Walter asked. Because I had Cancer and the doctors thought I would have a month to live. This proves them wrong. How? It’s been twelve days since I saw them. He slowly closes his eyes we believed he died right there. That is crazy. Who were those people? Marry asked. Jim searched the body of the men who were dead and found a notebook with a whole bunch of chemicals. He searched through the book. What the? Are these a recipe to a virus? Walter asked. I’m not sure. Jim says. Then we turned to a page that said “Release Virus” there was no date on it. What is this? There’s more Jim pulled out another sheet of paper that said “We are The Reapers of the world we did the unspeakable and we will Not stop until all of humanity suffers as we did. We are THE SCIENTISTS OF THE APOCALYPSE”. 

CHAPTER 3

Who were “The Scientists of the apocalypse?” and what did they want? The Bartender died a hero trying to save us. Alex walked over behind the bar and started to take a few bottles of beer. What are you doing? Walter asks. “Hey man you saw what just happened that was crazy. Yeah I agree. But you shouldn’t steal them. We can hear screams coming from outside. This isn’t over yet. Marry says. As we step over the Brocken door we can see dozens of people on the streets leaving some in cars and some on foot. Come on. Marry says as Jim runs with her. Alex and Walter run after her. Where are you going? Something bad is happening I am getting our kids outside of the school and then hopefully we can figure out what is happening. Don’t go too far you’re still the best anchorwomen we have in the world. We may need to do a story when we figure more out. Walter says as he is running to catch up to Mary and Jim.  Marry gets in Jim’s car. This may be the fastest way to the school. Right Jim gets in Alex and Walter get in the back of the car shut the doors and Marry pulls out. We were in class when the principle came on “Students and Faculty something went down downtown and we are now on Lockdown stay away from all windows and doorways.” The whole school erupted in a panic as teachers were locking doors and students were scared about what was going on. Me and Rodger were in the same class together at the time. Our teacher tried to reassure the class that everything would be alright but the truth was she had no idea if it would be alright none of us did. Marry and Jim decided to take an off road shortcut towards the school because the traffic on the roads were too much everywhere you went people were in a panic. We need to do a story on this pull the car over. Walter says. Not yet I need to make sure Steve and Rodger are ok. Marry says. I understand that is important but this is too this is your Job you’re Career we have to let people know. Know what? Marry starts we still have no idea what is going on the Washington is in a panic we can’t go on and Not have anything to report. She’s right. Alex says. Fine. Walter says. but if we get any new information anything useful at all were doing it got it? Ok. Marry says and Alex agrees. Good now that that’s over. How far too the school? A couple blocks still. We continue driving. A young women ran up to our car “Please you have to get me out of here” No can do. Walter says we don’t know you and we are already on a mission. We keep driving. She screams “No” at us and throws a water bottle at our car but it misses. Our teachers sneak out of the classroom. And runs down the hall and into the principles room. “What are you doing here?” he asks. Please you know me we have hung out before after school tell me what is going on?” Honestly I don’t know. The Principle says. The Emergency sirens sound outside. Please Mrs. Johnson go back to your class. Ok fine but I hope whatever is going on it isn’t as bad as I think it is. How bad do you think it is? The principle asks. Mrs. Johnson turns to Brian and says “Terrorists” Brian gets up out of his desk as Mrs. Johnson leaves his office. He opens up the window shade and looks to see No one in site. Usually the road near the school was busy. I don’t like this whoever is attacking might be headed towards this area Next. Oh God. He takes a sip of his coffee. We need to leave we need to evacuate the school! “The Principle Got on the Intercom “Students and Faculty we are taking the necessary procedures to insure all of your safety we are hereby are Evacuating the school. Buses will be outside hopefully in the next ten minutes stand by for further instructions. As soon as Brian finished he called the School’s Transportation Department and told them what was going on. They agreed and were going to line up outside of the school there was a bigger High School where just for cases like these the students would go there and be better protected until whatever was going on was done. The bad part in this was that the parents had No idea what was going on. Marry had just gotten a few blocks away and people were still on foot running in all sorts of directions she honked. The ground started to shake as a few military vehicles now drove down the roads including tanks. Walter grabbed his phone and started to record as Military were now opening fire on everyone in sight. What was going on? Marry drove into the woods on the left of us to stay out of sight. Alex said “This is insane.” Jim agreed. We crossed over the woods and saw the school just on the other end of us we saw kids getting in buses by the time we had gotten too the school the buses began to Drive off. Damnit were too late. Jim says. No we will follow them there probably going to the High School it’s safer there we will get them there. We drove off after the buses. Steve and Rodger were on the fourth bus there were ten total. The schools capacity had over a Nine hundred students. We had an army Vehicle turn behind us. Everyone in the car Froze But marry she kept driving and fortunately they did not shoot at us. We were slowly approaching the High School. This was one of the most protected High Schools in Washington DC. “SWORDGATE HIGH” I’m not sure why it’s called that but back in the day there was a Hero who saved his life for a president and “Swordgate”was his name. About five minutes later we were at the High school. The buses all pulled in and the students went inside. One of the drivers came out towards us with a few security guards from the high school. They each had a pistol “State your business.” Marry rolled the window down. I’m here for my two kids you see we are leaving town they knew that already. We were at the elementary school but they were leaving here. “What’s there name?” the guard said. “Steve and Rodger.” Last name? Denime. “Do we have a Steve and Rodger Denime?” the man asked into his walkie talkie. A voice answered yes. “Ok because their parents are here to take them away. I understand ok. I’m sorry you can’t take them. That is ridiculous there our kids. Jim says. Yeah but at the current state of this situation we don’t know what is going on they are safe here your story may check out but there on school grounds and the fact remains they stay here. Now you are allowed to stay here too if you want but understand this if you give us any trouble at all we will force you all to leave do I make myself clear? Yes. Alex says. Please just answer me this then are they ok? Marry asks. Yes there fine. See they are fine. Walter says Now can we please Film Now? No. Marry says Not till I see my kids. Look lady there is absolutely nothing I can do for you now either stay here or leave but do not ask any more questions. Do you know what is going on? Jim asks. “No sir I do not.” Why did the Military open fire on people? I don’t know. i am just a security guard for a High School I don’t know anything that goes on outside of these halls ok. The man walks away. I don’t like this. Walter says. We need to get your kids and leave. Finally you’re making sense. Marry says. Jim says I’m sick of this I will retrieve them. But you heard the guard. Jim looks at Marry. I don’t care what some idiot says there our kids and there in trouble and seeing as we are the only parents here were Not leaving until we have them. He unbuckles his seatbelt and opens the car door. But what is your plan? Stealth. Jim says shutting the door and running towards the High School. He opens the doors on the left there was a security desk with one officer facing the hallway. Jim walked towards it and threw a water bottle it hit the computer smoke started and the guard got startled and looked at the computer. Jim ran right bye. The auditorium is where they would be. He went down the hallways he walked by locker after locker until finally saw a sign that said “Auditorium” He opened the door and saw every student from the school sitting there. There were No teachers or principles at the moment they were all in a meeting with the Principles. Jim slowly looked in every row until he heard “DAD” And he looked over and saw Rodger he ran over to Jim Hey I’m here to get you and Steve out. What’s going on? Bad people are out there. We’re going to take you and Steve to safety. What about everyone else? I’m sure there parents are coming to get all of them soon and this place is safe for them now. But why isn’t it safe for me and Steve? Because your mom was worried about you and wants you and Steve home. So where is Steve? He’s in the front Row. Jim walked down towards the front row. Dad? Steve says getting up. Yeah you ready to leave? Sure. Steve grabs his backpack and walks towards them. By Steve. Jenna walks over to him and kisses him. Who’s she? Can we talk about this later? Steve says. Fine let’s go. “Love you.” Jenna says. “Love you too babe.” Steve says. This time Jim had a concerned look on his face and said let’s get going. “You have my number.” Jenna yells. Yes Steve says as Jim forces him through the back of the auditorium. You don’t really love her do you? I mean it’s great if you do but uhh too early for you. Dad I’m old enough to Know for myself. Ok fine I respect that. Jim opens the door. “Don’t open that…Too late. Steve says as the Schools alarm sounds Run. Jim says Follow me. We follow our dad to the front of the school. Marry was waiting. The security chased after us. Walter opened the back door Steve and Rodger got in. Marry said “I’m so glad to see you two I bet you were scared today. Mom I’m fine. Steve says. Rodgers asks “Are the bad people gone?” were Not sure yet. Freeze. Jim turned around three security guards were at the car all had their guns out. “Were calling the police.” They’re our kids. You’re trespassing and kidnapping for all we know. This is Ridiculous. Get in. Jim remains still. “Now we will shoot if we feel threatened. Now let the kids back out of the car NOW. The door opens. Then the Door to the High School opens. The Principle walks out. “You caused quite the ruckus. Jim and Marry I understand you’re concerned but I can’t let you get away with this. In fact. None of us can. The principle starts to smile and he takes out his gun and shoots the security guards dead. Jim Freezes. “You see we are The Enemies. You leave and all these kids in the High School are in danger. Jim then says what do you want? I want it back. What? You know at the bar you killed a couple of our men you took the journal with our recipes you know what we are called you know that we are making a virus. We are making The APOCALYPSE HAPPEN! And too bad for you you are late. Your family can’t save you know we are “THE SCIENTISTS OF THE APOCALYPSE” and we have arranged for fifty airplanes to go to every state and infect the air turning everyone into monsters. And there is not a damn thing you can do to stop us! He raises his gun at Jim. But why did you kill your own men? Oh please those idiots weren’t in on any of this they weren’t even my men. NOW Hand over the Journal or you and your family will die! Jim says let me grab it. He reaches for his backpack in the car and grabs out the Journal with a bunch of Chemicals and hands it over to the guy. He grabs it and talks into the radio “BOSS I RETRIVED THE JOURNAL.” Walter gets out of the car and sneaks up on the man and hits him from behind. The man turns around and punches Walter.  He takes his gun out and is about to shoot him when he stops. We hear screaming from the distance. The man laughs and says “IT HAS BEGUN.”

CHAPTER FOUR. 


Marry looks up and hears a plane in the sky someone was spreading a toxin into the air and it was turning people into creatures. Now you all will suffer. “You will too. Jim says. No I won’t because I know the cure. Gas mask. I shouldn’t have said that. Alex grabs his knife and stabs the man ahh he screams as he falls to the ground. Marry yells get back as she runs his body over with the car. Jim and Walter get in the car. While Alex grabs the Journal and gets in the car and Marry heads off. Jim calls the police and informs them about the people inside they said they would get people right over to help get the kids home safe. While dealing with whatever was happening? Marry stopped the car rolled up the windows and ordered everyone to put on gasmasks. Jim worked as a firefighter so he had plenty of gasmasks in his car. We each put them on as we drove down the city. People were dropping dead all around us. Some were rushing to get inside buildings but didn’t make it. After that we never had a problem getting back to our home. Our plan was Now to pack as much things as we could and then try to leave Washington as fast as we could we wanted to be on the road in less t
ou would” she runs over to us and hugs us. Dexter puts his gun down and Jeremy does the same and Jeremy asks “You know these two?” Yes I saw them back in Washington when I was on that mission. I tried to recruit them they have a family they are nice people they offered me a ride and didn’t want to take my food but I offered them it anyway. They are Good people kind sweet and there story is one hundred percent true they have a wife and two children Steve and Rodger I believe. Yes correct. Jim says. Dexter than says “They work for Tyler. They mentioned to me that they were going to check out a different community first I had no idea it was Tyler’s I would have warned them. Warned us about Tyler? He seems like an ok dude. Jim says. Alex doesn’t mention he is related to Tyler. He is a bad man a very bad man. Dexter says. He even warned us you were coming to attempt to stop us.” He did? Jim asks. Yes. Why would he do that? You’re lying. Alex says. No I wish I was but I’m not as long as your Family is there they are not safe. But I’m sorry. If Nadine says you are good people and can be trusted then I trust you as well. Dexter says. “Welcome to HOPE-RIDGE” Me too in that case. Jeremy says lowering his gun. Thanks Jim says. Now if you want too you can stay here and live here. Dexter says. Thanks I want too you guys say Tyler is evil. Did he really tell you we were coming? Yes you see he has been causing us a lot of trouble lately he thinks we are weak and he is planning on having his men come and take us out but we are a strong unit and we won’t let him overtake us. I don’t blame you. Jim says. I saw some of his men they do look tough. We need to defeat Tyler. Dexter says. Once we do the world will become a safe place at least we can make it safe we can start having more people live here and grow fresh foods and get some groups to help scavenge supplies and take out Lunatics we can make the world safe again I know we can it’s my Mission. Dexter says. I want to be a part of that. Jim says. Good because as long as you are here you are. Jeremy says. First thing is first though your Family is still at Tyler’s we need to go and bring them here. Alex says. Right. Jim says. Jeremy says I will go with them. It’s Dangerous you should stay Jeremy. Dexter says. Yeah. Alex says. Jeremy then says “Look if he thinks you guys are going to leave he may not allow it and then what?” I’m not sure but all I know is I’m getting my family Right know. Jim stands up. Dexter says “Good luck” and hands him a pistol. Thanks I say he also hands us a radio and says if you have any problems let us know.” Thanks I say. And Alex than says we have a gun though and then says can I have it back? “Oh right” Jeremy says handing Alex back the gun he had. “Now be safe and Go Get your Family back here” We start to leave the room and run down the long hallway and start to leave the Community when Nadine catches up to us and says “Look I’m coming with you.” Why? Because Tyler worse than you think. Dexter doesn’t want me mentioning it because he still thinks it’s not true but I saw Tyler kill My Mother with his hammer. I want to go I am getting my Revenge. “Wait that’s not a good idea. All we are doing is getting my family back if you’re coming just for revenge then you may get us all killed. Jim says. Listen Tyler is much stronger of a threat. Alex says. “I’m just saying you should wait and bide you’re time.” Alex says to Nadine. Fine maybe you are right maybe it is stupid. I swear I will get Revenge on Tyler for everything that he has done to me. What else did he do? He killed my mother and took my son away from me. His name was Michael and he was only twelve and now who knows where he is. Come to think of it I heard of a Michael who was twelve. Jim says. Yeah he belonged to that Jeff guy. Alex adds. That’s my Boy. Nadine says now I am definitely going. Ok fine but I’m getting my Family back no matter what. Jim says. Nadine tells us to get in the car so we get into one of the vans and start to drive back to “Hondarious”. There was a knock on the door and Marry answered the door. “Hello?” Tyler said standing at the door with flowers in his hand he offered them to Marry. Oh thank you they are pretty. Tyler smiled and said “I need to speak with you and your family please come with me. Marry got nervous but said “Ok” she told me and Rodger to come with us. Everyone left the room and Marry said I hope nothing bad has happened. “Oh I’m afraid I can’t say anything right here come with me.” We take the Elevator down and once they get off the elevator we step off and Tyler tells us to continue to walk so we continue outside and we see a bus parked outside the gate. He takes us towards the bus. “Where are we going?” I can’t say yet it’s a secret. But Where is my husband Jim? And Alex? Steve adds. Tyler grunts. And then says they will be here soon but you need to leave now because well we are being quarantined and I have chosen what’s best for my people. You’re Husband and friend will be sent over on the next bus when they get here I promise. Tyler says as we get on the bus. It was filled with other families. Including Jeff His wife Sarah and Michael. We also saw Mason, Sam and Kim on the back of the bus. Where are we going? Rodger asked Marry. Somewhere safe. Marry says back. Don’t worry we are ok” Tyler signals for the bus to leave. The driver gets on board he was wearing a bullet proof vest and had on a helmet. The bus pulls out and we were on the road. Tyler then says “Everyone come out Jim and Alex should be on the way back here even though he is family I can’t trust him I feel like Dexter may have spoken to them so Now they are traitors to us and we will Kill them both!” “YES SIR” everyone screamed. Tyler closes the gates and climbs up the ladder to wait for the return of Jim and Alex. About an hour later Nadine pulls off to the side of the road. “Hondarious” is Right up that hill. You two go get your family and bring them back I am going to sneak in the back and get my son back. Nadine says. “Ok just be careful and after we get our family back if you need help we will help we won’t let anyone die.” Alex says. “Thanks I appreciate that.” Nadine says. We get out of the car and I make my way over towards the hill and we make our way over to “Hondarious” we approach the Gate. “Welcome back” Tyler says as the gate opens. “Yeah we talked to Hope-Ridge for you they weren’t planning anything. “Tyler says “That’s good. However well I hate to say this but I well Don’t Believe you!” The gates fully open and we see all of Tyler’s men fully armed starring at us. We were surrounded. Tyler Tyler? What’s going on? Alex says. Remember we are family? Yes we are family but you Know family don’t always turn out to be who you want them to be? Tyler laughs. “You tried to get us killed!” Jim says back at Hope-Ridge you warned them we were coming they were going to kill us!” Yes and it’s a shame they didn’t because Now I have the honors. “My family where are they? Jim yells. “Not here” We got everyone out. The Idiots I told them we were being quarantined and told them that they were the only selected few to escape. Ha-ha. “Where are they going? You son of a bitch! “Whoa Whoa No need for name calling.” Tyler says Laughing. They are safe for now I can’t tell you where they are going because you both will be dead soon But I can promise you both that they will Not like their New Home Not at all. “You Bitch!” Jim says grabbing Alex’s AR-15 And starts pulls the trigger at Tyler. Only blanks shot out. “You didn’t think I would give you an actual weapon did?” Tyler says laughing. That pistol I gave you was fake as well if you didn’t get it. Ha-ha. Tyler’s men start to laugh. Jim grabs the Pistol out that Dexter gave him and aimed it at one of Tyler’s men and Shot him dead. “SONOFABITCH!” Tyler screamed as the men started to open fire on Jim and Alex. DUCK! Alex shouted we got to cover behind a car. As his men started to shoot at us. Tyler was yelling “KILL THEM ALL DO NOT LET THEM ESCAPE THEY KILLED MORTY!” Nadine heard the open fire and contacted Dexter. “Dexter something is wrong Tyler’s men are opening fire on us” “Dexter then says back on the radio Nadine? You went with them? Why would you go?” Tyler has my son. “Oh that again look I told you we would get him back at a time where we actually stood a chance you can’t get your son back if you are dead.” I couldn’t afford the risk I am sorry. Nadine says. “Are all three of you still alive? And I mean not injured? Yes. Good fall back and come here as fast as you can do not Dilly dally. Ok we’ll get in the car and retreat. “You took a car? Shit. No leave it. We can’t risk gas spilling and leaving a trail for them to follow. “Ok fine I’ll get them and we’ll hit the road right away. Bye” Nadine. Yeah Dexter? “Be Careful please Don’t Die.” I won’t I promise. Nadine says putting the radio away. She climbs back up the fence this time leaving the community and she starts running along the side of the fence and starts yelling for “Jim and Alex to Notice her. Once they notice her she waves for them to come back. Alex starts to shoot at Tyler’s men. Tyler throws a grenade out at the car they were behind and Tyler shuts the Gate’s doors. Jim and Alex make a run for it as the car explodes they make it to Nadine and they run down the hill as fast as they can. Dexter told us to leave the car because they may be able to track us. Damn. Alex says that was crazy. Nadine radios Dexter again and says “We are on our way back to Hope-Ridge now.” A few hours pass by and we saw the gates and approached them Jeremy opened the gates and we walked in he closed the gates. “Well any luck?” “No we almost died too it was a trap from the start.” Dexter walks over. “I was afraid of that.” Dexter says. Tyler still has your family? Nadine you should have stayed. No I can’t I need to be out there more you need to trust me more I can pull missions off. I know you can but Tyler is a psycho we have been dealing with him since the start. He came over one night asking us for supplies so we gave him some. We offered him a place to stay he got a tour and that was a mistake he saw what we had and he became jealous he would return more asking for more eventually we had to stop him from coming Jeremy said he would kill him if he returned. So after a few weeks we hadn’t heard from him and then you two showed up. Dexter says. Um to be honest Tyler said one of your people invaded them the other day and killed one of his men named John? Alex says. That is a lie we never killed anyone. In fact we haven’t been to his community once. Jeremy says. Maybe those Lunatics killed him then? Yeah maybe. Dexter turns around and says alright enough small talk what happened back there where are your Family? Alex stares at Jim. Jim then says we arrived at “Hondarious” He said they were No longer there. He took them somewhere else he lied to them said His community was about to be quarantined and he let everyone leave before it happened. But really he wanted everyone out so he would kill me and Alex. I’m sorry. Dexter says. Your family are in grave danger But we can get them back and we will get them back Jim, Alex we can win this fight we can end Tyler’s reign of terror once and for all but I need your help. With what? Jim asks. “ok not tonight because it is too dangerous but tomorrow we need to speak with “Julia Swann” she is the leader of her own Community they are referred to as “The Lost City” we have done business with them in the past and they always help us so there is no reason why she won’t help us to get your family back from Tyler and end his reign of terror on all of us once and for all.” I like it. I’m in but there is something you need to know first it’s not just my family he has a bunch of families kidnapped. Including my son. Nadine chips in. we will get them all we will end Tyler. Back at “Hondarious” Tyler has a beer in his hand all his men are celebrating. We killed them. WE KILLED THEM!! Tyler yelled in excitement. Now to open the gates and see their Blown up Bodies. Tyler opens the gate. A few men walk out with Tyler they get to the exploded car and no bodies were in sight. Maybe under the car? One of his men said. Good thinking. Tyler got on his knees and looked under the car No body in sight. Maybe they disintegrated? Another Member suggested. “No” They escaped. Tyler makes a fist and shoves his hand in the air. “Mark My words Hope-Ridge You will all die!” His men cheered. Tyler drank some more of his beer and went back inside and closed the gates. On the bus there were about five families. Where are we going? Sam asked. One of the guards yelled back “Were taking you somewhere safe. Where is that? Mason asked. “	Look Tyler gave us direct orders and we aren’t going to break any by telling you where you’re going so just deal with it.” One guy got up and ran towards the back of the bus and tried to open the back door. One of the guards aimed a Taser at him and tased him he fell down. You all want to know where you’re going so badly. Fine. You are all going to Purgatory. Yes that’s right you’re all Purgatory’s problem now. Marry terrified now. “Oh Jim where are you?” “Where do you think they are taking my wife? Jim asked. There is only one place I believe he would take them and that is one of the most Dangerous places right now that we know of it’s a place called “Purgatory” Purgatory you mean like the place you would go to before hell? Something like that but trust me this place is worse than hell. How could anywhere be worse than hell? Alex asks. I’ve heard the stories trust me if you see Purgatory you will wish you could UN see it. It’s a dark eerie place with hundreds of dangerous people all kinds of fire arms it’s a prison. If the world could only see it before the apocalypse hit they would have shut it down so fast. But I have never seen it before. How will we defeat Tyler and get my family back if they go to Purgatory and have hundreds of people with them? I won’t lie to you Jim this will be a hard mission and we will most likely lose a few people that is why I need Julia Swann and the lost city to come with us. Between all of us we will have a decent amount of people to help fight Tyler. Good I just Hope my family are ok until then. Charles enters the room. Charles meet Jim and Alex. Nice to meet you both. Charles says. We shake his hand. They are in trouble with Tyler. “Oh that madman again?” what did he do? He has their family. Oh dang I’m sorry to hear that. Thanks. Dexter says he thinks they are being transported to Purgatory. Oh god. That’s not good do you think he will be there? Charles asks Dexter referring to “The Executer” But Jim and Alex think he means Tyler. I hope not. The bus drives into a dark Town and it starts to get bumpy. One of the guards says “Hold Tight” As we began to drive real fast down a dirt road and we enter past a graveyard and we keep going. A big bright sign appears on two building “Welcome to PURGATORY CLOSEST PLACE TO HELL” Marry reads it silently. Then the bus comes to a jolting stop. “We’re here” the guard yells back. Shit. Marry says. As the guards walk bye and force everyone out of the bus. Once were all out the guards walk us into one of the creepy eerie buildings cells were everywhere some small some big. We walked down the hallway as some people were forced into the cells. Jeff and his wife along with Michael were forced into one of the cells. And then we continued down a hallway and the Guards stopped to face us and said “Well here is your New Home” Please you can’t. The guard shoved Marry into the cell. Rodger ran in to make sure his mom was ok. Steve gave the guards a look and said we will get out of here.” Oh Boy I doubt that very much indeed. He kicks me I fall into the cell and the guard slams the cell doors shut and says “I bet your Hungry there’s food inside the cell on the bed that goes for everyone. Now get some sleep because you all start work tomorrow! Yes you do ha-ha you didn’t think we’d give you this nice home for free did you? No I would think not. He flips a switch and the power goes out in the whole building everybody was in pitch blackness. A few hours passed we were by a campfire at Hope Ridge. Jeremy walked up to me “Hey man don’t worry too much we will get your family back I promise. “Julie is a badass she will help us she has never let us down.” I hope not. I say to Jeremy setting down my drink on the concrete floor. Jim stands up and starts to walk inside and go to bed. Alex came outside. Jeremy says Hi. Hey what is up with Jim? He uh he’s just worried he wants his family back I get that. Jeremy says. But it’s smart for us to wait until Morning and go to “The Lost City”. Right. I’ll go talk to him I guess. Alex says. Thanks. Jeremy says. As Alex starts to run towards The Community Building. A few minutes later. Alex knocks on the door and enters. Jim turns. “if you are here to talk to me about my family then you are wasting your time I already agreed to wait and play it safe my family are probably suffering right know but oh well. “Well actually I came to sleep but if you want to talk about them we can. No it’s fine. Jim says. Goodnight the sooner we all go to sleep the sooner it’ll be daylight and we can go and get them back. Ok Good Night. Also Jim I know Marry she is a survivor she dealt with Walter and I all these years she will make it through this Rodger and Steve will too I’ve never seen stronger kids they will be just fine. Jim Turns to Alex “Thanks I appreciate it I’m sorry if I have given you any attitude I know it’s Not your fault it’s no ones we didn’t know Tyler was a bad dude when we meet him. I mean he was family to you this has to be rough for you as well. Yeah well it was at first. I just can’t imagine him the guy I’ve known for ever he was my cousin turning into this this psychopath I’ll tell you one thing after it’s said and done I won’t feel sorry for him when whoever kills him well Kills him and that’s a promise. “Damn.” I respect that. Jim says. But remember your family isn’t the only family who is in trouble we have to save the others and Nadine’s son. You’re Right we will Nothing is going to stop us. With that Jim turns the lights off and Jim and Alex go to bed for the night. The Next Morning at the crack of dawn the lights go on “All Right Chicken sh$ts time to Wake up and eat breakfast and Go to Work! One of the guards said as he unlocked all of the cells and we all walked outside. The guards had on armor and were carrying battle axes. “Don’t try anything stupid we would hate to have to kill any of you in front of everyone but we sure as hell would if we needed too. Marry told us to stay back. The guards walked around the area and told us to follow them to the cafeteria. We followed them down a flight of steps and he turned the lights on and there was a counter with food on it and tables to take a seat. The guards told us to get food and take a seat so we did without questioning them. We had breakfast for a half hour the time was about seven thirty in the morning. “OK LISTEN UP KIDS GO TO THE BACK OF THE ROOM AND ALL YOU ADULTS STAY PUT.” What? A couple of the parents said. “Your kids are working away from you we are teaching them how to be self-reliable and how to survive away from you parents. “Now GET TO THE BACK!”  The guard yells. I look at Rodger and say don’t worry we will be ok. As we walk to the back of the room. The guards walk by and slam a door so the parents could not see their kids anymore. “Now how many of you kids have ever worked with a firearm before? Everyone had their hands down except for me I raised my hand. “You have have you?” the guard says. “Yes my father was a hunter he taught me. He said I have a good aim” oh I’m sure you do. Now today you will be loading up magazines for us. The guard shows us how to take the clip of the gun and load a magazine and put the clip back on. “Now get to work.” Dexter, Jeremy, Nadine, Charles, Alex and I walked over to one of the cars and everyone got in except Charles who said I must be here in case anything happens someone needs to be in charge. Right thank you. Dexter says.  Now be safe and I hope Julia can help. She will she owes us a favor remember. I do sir but I have trouble believing some people now days. She better help. Jim says. Relax she will. Nadine says. As Dexter turns the car on and Charles opens the gate and we leave Hope-Ridge. And are off to visit “The Lost City” the ride alone took us about four hours we had to go south down Oregon. And ended up in a city called “Edgebrooke” once we had arrived there Dexter told us to all stay in the car and wait. He got out and walked down the street a little ways till he got to a closed gate. That was covered in barbed wire. Dexter knocked three times. The gate opened and a woman gave him a hug. Dexter pointed to us and the women gave thumbs up and Dexter waved for us to come over. Jeremy got in the driver’s seat and drove the car down we stopped and got out of the car. Jeremy and Nadine said hello to Julia. Dexter then turned to us and says these are our two newest recruits “Alex and Jim.” Jim has a problem we were hoping you could help us with. “Very nice to meet you both. Sure come on in where it’s Nice and safe.” We all walk into her Community and one of her men shut the gates. “Welcome to THE LOST CITY!” I know it isn’t much. We look around there was a big building where we were sure was where her people slept next to it was a factory with a farm. You have a nice place here. Jim says. Ahh thanks we all helped make this place great. Sarah walks over to us. “Dexter, Jeremy and Nadine How nice to see you. The woman says. She was wearing a tank top and had on a pair of jeans that she had a lot of dirt on. Julia had on a jacket and a pair of jeans too and had long blond hair she looked to be in her early forty’s. Nice to see you too Sarah. Dexter says. Jeremy hugs her. Jeremy had a thing for Sarah. Nadine Smiled. “Oh hey these are our two new recruits. Julia says smiling. “Alex and Jim.” This is Sarah she is my right hand and she is the best I could ever have.” Aww shucks thanks. “Sarah says.” Would any of you like a drink? No thanks we said. Julia says “Ok well follow us to my office and we will listen to what you guys have to say. We walk with Julia over towards an observatory Tower. We climbed up the ladder and entered a room  it was a giant circular room with a view of the whole community and you could see a few miles beyond the walls and of course you had a great view of the sky this would be a great place to be at night looking up in space. Julia takes a seat at her desk. “Sorry my real office is under construction so we have to talk in here.” It’s ok. Dexter says. Ok Alex and Jim take a seat in front of Julia’s desk. We’ll we stayed at a place called “Hondarious” and it turns out. That the owner is a madman a psycho he kidnapped my family but it’s not just my family he has a few other families held captive. Including my son. Nadine says. And now we were hoping that. Jim looks over to Dexter. Dexter takes over. We were hoping that we could ask you and the “Lost City” To join our fight in putting an end to Tyler and his wrath. It would be great we could use the extra hands and ultimately would make the world a much better place to live for all of us.” That is true killing Tyler would be a major thing and keep us all safe in the long run but I have to do what is best for my people as well. Of course we understand that. Dexter says. We wouldn’t want to do anything to put you in a bad position. Granted. But you said he has your family? Yes he took my wife Marry and our sons. How many boys? Two. How old? Fourteen and ten. Ok hmm. Tyler needs to be stopped how did your family get with him? We’ll we lived in Washington when the Virus hit. We managed to escape and once we got into Oregon we found a place called “Hondarious” And we were greeted with a place to stay and it was Tyler who let us in. he seemed real nice at first. Ok why didn’t you go to Hope-Ridge? We didn’t know about it at the time I mean we ran into Nadine she gave us a map showing where it was but we wanted to go to Honadrious. Anyway one day Tyler sent us out to find Hope-Ridge to make sure that they were ok but he told Dexter we were coming and so they thought we were going to cause trouble. We locked them up. Jeremy says. They answered a few questions and we told them about Tyler. So we tried to go back and rescue my family but Tyler was waiting for our return beyond the gates with his army who tried to kill us. We barely escaped and while we were being trapped down in Hope-Ridge His men forced my family on a bus and are currently trapped in “purgatory” Oh my god. I’m so sorry. Julia says. Will you help us get them back? Nadine than says my son Michael is there as well. Julia stares at all of us and then smiles and says “Yes Yes how could I not? Yes we will help “Hope-Ridge” We will Get your Family back and rescue the others and in the process we will Kill Tyler!!” Jim jumps up in the air and says “YES. Thank you so much you won’t regret helping us thank you!” He says Hugging Julia. Dexter then says “Thank you this means a lot.” Well it’s the least I can do you and your wonderful group have helped us out here in “The Lost City so many times before.” And between me and you I can’t wait till Tyler finally gets what he deserves and we never have to deal with him again we will make the world a much better place to live for not just our Communities but for Everyone who survived. The world right now is a cruel place but it doesn’t have to be anymore. Julia says Smiling. No it does not. Dexter says. How long have you two known each other? Jim asks. We were friends before this started. We go back a long time. Julia says. He helped me when I first started this group. And I helped him before with “Hope-Ridge.” That’s cool. Jim says. How about you? Julia asks referring to Alex. Oh well Alex works with my wife and we’ve known each other for about…Ten years. Alex says. That long? Nice. Julia says. Jeremy walks over towards us. “Well what is our next move?” Yes please. Jim says. We’ll let’s see Tyler has at least thirty men or more. And us combined Between “Hope-Ridge and The Lost City” We have at least fifty or more. We can easily win this Dexter says. Mathew and Vince Approach Tyler. “Sir if you really want revenge against Jim and Alex I know how you can achieve it.” Oh yeah? Tyler says as he stands up from his chair. “And just how would I do that?” Simple go back to Purgatory and brings his Wife and kids here.” Or. Tyler walks over to the corner of the room and picks up his Sledgehammer and stares at it with a smile. “I could bring them here and kill all of them.” “HA-HA-HA.” Tyler says Laughing. Mathew and Vince start to laugh too. As Tyler takes out a radio and says “Were coming to get Marry and the kids.” Someone on the radio then says “Does Executer know?” He’s not in town and he does Not Matter this is between me and Jim.” Tyler says. “Ok” the voice on the radio replies. Tyler sets the radio down.  Tyler calls for everyone to approach him. Tyler has about thirty Five guys. “Here is the deal I am going to go get back Marry and the boys. And then I will Contact Dexter and tell him he will surrender to us and we will kill him and then Jeremy and then we will kill Marry and her boys and make Jim watch.” Tyler starts to laugh. And all his men laugh too accept one. “Isn’t that too extreme? I mean we can’t kill two kids can we? Sure we can and we will. Tyler says holding the Sledgehammer. “Now everyone wait here and only me, Vince and Mathew will go to Purgatory and bring them back. We really need out of here. Marry says. What did they make you do today? Load magazines in guns. I told her. How about you? They had us do some cooking and laundry. Marry says. We can’t stay here. Jim is coming. I say if our dad was coming don’t you think he would be here by now? I don’t think he is coming. “Don’t say that Steve of Course your father is coming he is on his way and will rescue us. I hope. I say Doubtful. First thing is first. Jeremy says we need to make sure we have enough firepower. We may have more men but Tyler and his men are good shooters we need to make sure all our guns are good and won’t jam up. Good idea. Dexter says. Julia take us to your armory. Ok it’s down here follow me. We Follow Julia out of the observatory and down the ladder and into another room and down another set of steps to a door she punches in a code. “The code is 666”. Really? Dexter says. Yes it was uh easy to Remember.  Works for me. Jeremy says. As we enter the armory Julia turns on a light switch and guns were stocked all over the counters. Ak-47’s Ar-15’S Semi, Automatic, Pistols, Shotguns and Rifles were all there with ammo. “Nice collection” Jeremy says. Grabbing one of the Ar-15’s and checking it out. I’ll check out the guns you guys can plan an attack. Jeremy says. “Good idea.” Dexter says. Julia says these are all the guns we have as far as I am concerned every time we have had to use them they worked fine. “I bet I’m just checking to make sure it can’t hurt.” You’re absolutely right. Julia says. As we leave Jeremy to work. We leave the room. There is a planning room upstairs and to the left. Julia says. Sarah walks with us. Nadine says we should be able to beat him but what if he gets a hostage? We must Not give him the chance any of them. Dexter says as we enter the Office room and close the door. Jeff was hitting the cells Across from us. One of the guards told him to knock it off. He kept it up and the guards opened the cell and attempted to grab him but Jeff punched the guard in the head and knocked his helmet off. “Sonofa” the guard said as he got back up. Jeff punched him again and again and again. Until another guard rushed in the room and tackled Jeff to the floor and beat him up a little. Jeff was on the floor being held down as the other guard got back up struggling to breath he started kicking Jeff in the head repeatedly until he was bleeding. The guard made him stop. And threw him back in the cell and slammed the door.  A Few hours had passed and Jeff woke up in pain. His wife hugged him. Michael wanted out. The guards approached us. The one had an icepack and they let us all out of the cells. “Now normally we would beat the holy hell out of all of you but this is something special. Tyler is on his way here to bring you pathetic morons back home. “Oh god.” Marry says. He won’t save you. As the guards opened our cell. We stepped out and they walked us down a corridor. “What about all the other families?” He didn’t say them just you. But but. Listen lady we can always call him back and say you are dead and be the end of it and you’ll be here forever. Marry looks over at Jeff who had a lock pick and was trying to get out of the cell he must have got it when he was beating the guard up. “Ok.” Marry says as Jeff gets the cell open. Him and his wife and Michael run out and hit a button on the side of the wall near the security Opening all of the doors. Shit. The guard says as he turns and see’s Jeff. He grabs a gun but Marry pushes him and he falls down and we start to make a run for the door with the other families running as well. We all manage to escape the building and a few of the families turned to thank us as others ran away everyone was gone except me and Rodger and Steve. Jeff his wife and Michael. Mason Sarah and Kim came back to us. Stick with us. They said. I have to go back and find my Husband. Marry says. It’s too late for him. Mason says. No we have too. Marry says. Mason then says Fine. And they start to run back outside when a car pulls up with bright lights and all Marry and the family see are smoke grenades they try to run away but the smoke is strong and causes them to fall down and black out. They awake a few hours later outside chained up. Marry and the kids were chained to a gate. We couldn’t move while Jeff and his wife were chained to another gate and Mason and Sarah and Kim were all chained to a gate. “Well Well Well” Good morning. Tyler says smiling at Marry with his Sledgehammer in hand. He grabbed out his radio. Alright we should have some time to prep for how we can kill Tyler Dexter says. Jeremy returns and says the guns are already. That’s good. Julia says. As we walk out into the square in “The Lost City” Where all of Julia’s people were. “Today is a good day we are going to help Hope-Ridge kill Tyler once and for all and end “Hondarious” Everyone clapped.  You’re all making history today. Dexter says. “Dexter come in?” it was Tyler on the Radio. Dexter stares at Jim and Alex. “Yes?” Dexter says. There was a pause and then Tyler says “We have Marry, Rodger and Steve. But we also have Jeff and his wife and Michael, Sarah and Kim. Get down here Immediately Only You, Jim and Alex anyone else shows up at the gate we kill everyone right away. Do you understand?” Jim has a worried look on his face. “Yes we do.” Dexter responds. And hangs up. “Ok every one as you just heard we don’t have as much time as we want we need to get over to “Hondarious Right now he has Hostages. Oh god. Don’t worry Jim this is it we will go there Kill Tyler and his men and get our family back. Alex says. Right. Jim agrees.  Tyler back at Hondarious Smiles and looks at Marry and says it’s ok. I know you are scared wondering why your husband hasn’t come to your rescue well it is because your Husband is a coward and knows he can’t beat me. I honestly do not understand how any of you survived on his watch I mean when you first came none of you had killed any of the Lunatics I mean I get the kids but I expected more from you and your Husband Marry. Tyler says laughing. We’ll when your Husband gets here I have no problems killing Dexter in front of him and then killing Jim right in front of you and your boys. Heck I might kill Jeff over there in a minute. Tyler whispers in Mary’s ear picking up his Sledgehammer. And walking over towards Jeff. There was a knock on the gate. Marry thought it was Jim and Tyler did too as he said “Ahh looks like our guests have arrived.” Vince opens the gate and a couple of Boris’s Men enter the gate. “Who are you?” Tyler asks. “We are “TSBTA” What the hell does that mean? Tyler says. “The Scientists behind the Apocalypse” wait you you’re the ones behind the Apocalypse? Yes our leader Boris is.  Tyler stares at the Scientists. As they say “Do you know where Jim and his family are?” then he turns around “Ahh there are his family. Already tied up thank you sir you made this easy alright men grab them and bring them back to Boris that is an order.” As the Scientists approach Marry and her family Tyler stands up to the man in charge and says “Just who do you think you are? There my Targets I’m getting the revenge not you.” “Oh funny you think you are in charge here don’t you? Cute. Get e’m boys. The Scientists Pick Marry and her kids up off the ground. “Kill them” Tyler says as his men draw guns on the Scientists. “Let’s Not Do this. The Scientist Leader says. As his men draw their guns too. Marry shouts get down as she kicks the man who was holding her and her kids. “Ow shit.” He says jumping up and down. Tyler shoots one of the scientists in the head. He falls down dead. Then the Rest of the Scientists start to shoot and the leader knocks over some benches and yells “Take Cover as his men take cover. Tyler’s men start to shoot at them and the Scientists Shoot back. RUN Marry Yells looking at the open gate. As her and Rodger and Steve run to the gate and Escape. Jeff gets his wife up and Michael and they run out the gate. And Mason and Sarah pick Kim up and they start to run towards the gate. Mason falls down as one of the Scientists Hit him with a bullet accidently as they were aiming for Tyler. Sarah and Kim run back towards Mason. “Go Get Out” Mason says. “Not without you Sarah says. “It’s too late for me I’ve been shot I’m not going to make it.” But But. Sarah says. “Look I’m not going to make it it’s important you keep Kim safe our Daughter. I love you. Mason kisses Sarah. And Kim says “I love you daddy.” I love you too. Kim here Kim hugs Mason and he Kisses her and hands her his watch. I’ll cherish this. Kim says. As Tyler Notices them and starts to shoot at Sarah and Kim. They dodge and continue to leave as They here another gunshot go off following a scream and they assume There Father got shot to death. Tyler and his men continue to shoot at the Scientists and then Tyler throws a grenade right at where the Scientists were taking cover. Tyler heard them scream “Grenade” and then an Explosion and they were all dead. Tyler and his men Took a second and Sighed relief when the Leader stuck his head back out he had one arm and No Legs and he continued to open fire. Tyler shot him in the hand he dropped his gun and Tyler laughed and slowly walked up to him. “Badass isn’t you? Too bad you weren’t on my side.” he says as he shows him the Sledgehammer. And raises it high in the air and brings it down hard on the Scientist’s Leaders Head killing him.  Tyler wipes the blood off his forehead and says “Now I believe Our Hostages though they could escape but let’s see how far they can get on chains. Tyler says as he signals for his men to get in there car and leave. Right as they get to their car a Group of lunatics run full force at Hondarious. Tyler Laughs as He rolls the windows down in his car and starts shooting at them. With the rest of his group. The Lunatics go down one by one and eventually they all die. Tyler starts driving down the dirt road and eventually he sees Jeff and His wife running and they drive faster and he deliberately stops the car. He rolls his window down and shoots Jeff in the foot. “Ahh” Jeff screams. Limping down the dirt road. Tyler shoots his other foot and Jeff falls down. Tyler starts to drive and pulls up towards Jeff. He gets out. “Oh man ha-ha you actually though you might get out of this intact? Nada. Tyler takes his Gun out and Points it to Jeff’s head. Jeff could only stare up in horror as he knew he could do absolutely nothing. Jeff’s wife begged him not too. Tyler than says. “I understand your concern.” He drops the gun and and raises his Sledgehammer up in the air. Jeff’s wife Amanda tries to pick the gun up but Tyler’s men were Lightning quick and grabbed the gun. And Tyler brought the hammer down hard right on Jeff’s head killing him instantly in front of his wife. She broke down crying. Tyler says “Get her some tissues and Lock her up.” The men grab her and bring her to the car. Marry and Steve and Rodger were in the woods running as far away as they could. Marry grabbed out the map Nadine had given them and said “Were going to Hope-Ridge” she points it out to us the only place circled on the map. Dexter leads the group back to Hope-Ridge. Combined with both groups they had the numbers. Jeremy says I don’t like this. What? It just doesn’t feel right. What doesn’t? I know we are going to Hondarious but I don’t know Tyler just feels extra dangerous. That’s because he has Hostages. Dexter says. Yes we have to be extra careful Not to get them killed so what we need to do is have a group who want to shoot at Tyler’s men because as soon as we enter we better be ready for a war. And the other group needs to be prepared to be sneaky and rescue all of the families. You are right. Nadine says ok I am going to help rescue Nadine says. Me too Sarah says. Julia’s right hand. Sarah looks at Jeremy. We’ll I’m shooting. He says. Dexter says “I am too” then he says all of Hope-Ridge will help Rescue and all of “The Lost City” Will shoot that work? Dexter asks in front of everyone. Everyone in Hope-Ridge agrees and The Lost City agrees.” Dexter than says “Alright Everyone the time has come we will head out to Hondarious Now… I won’t lie some of you might not come back but Know that you died for a good cause the cause kill Tyler and make this world a little safer for all.” Right” Everyone cheer. As we were off we opened the gates and Nadine Shut the gates after everyone left. “Finally here I come Marry, Rodger and Steve. As we all Got in cars and started to Drive down. Meanwhile Marry and the kids were Close to Hope-Ridge now. They just missed everyone by a few minutes. Marry knocks on the gates. And she waits a few minutes and then she starts yelling “Hello?” Tyler and his men say “Screw it” And head back To Hondarious. And about a half hour later. Tyler hears a car. And a door slams. Dexter had told everyone to stay a few feet away so they couldn’t see them just in case. Dexter knocks on the door. Tyler opens the gate. “Well Well Well who do we have here? You know. Dexter says. Yes I do Dexter you and your people have been quite a thorn in my side these past days especially Jim. Now I do think I asked for him to be with you did I not? I came alone. Dexter says. “Of course you did it would be foolish of you not too however it was foolish of you to come alone anyhow. Especially under the circumstance. “What circumstance?” well because we have you surrounded. Where are the Families you have? Where is Marry, Rodger and Steve? Dexter says looking around. “Well yes them I have good news and bad news. Well the good news is they are no longer with us. “Dexter gets Chills. “You murdered them.” “Don’t be so quick to judge I did not hurt them they escaped from me during another fight I had with some pathetic Scientists Group who visited me here. There dead though. “So you are saying the whole reason I came here are gone? Yes. But I wanted to see you and say hi see how you are doing. Tyler says. As his men stand behind Dexter and lock the gate. The men grabbed Dexter. Dexter Laughs. “What is so funny?” Tyler says. As he walks over to Dexter Get him on the ground. The men force Dexter to the ground. Dexter laughs. Tyler says “How funny will this be?” He shows Dexter the Sledgehammer. He raises it high in the air. Dexter grabs a smoke Grenade from his pocket and throws it. It explodes in Tyler’s face. “AHHH” he screams. “I’m blind.” Smoke covers the whole Community. Dexter grabs his walkie talkie and yells into it “KNOW!” a few seconds later a car smashes through the gates of Hondarious Killing a few men who were in the cars path. Next thing Tyler and his men knew was “Hondarious was being overrun by Dexter’s group and “The Lost City” Tyler yelled “Kill them” And his men started to shoot and Dexter’s group fired back. Nadine and the rest of the group who were sneaking in Climbed the back of the Community and got in over the wall However they didn’t know that the Hostages were all gone. Marry sick of waiting opens up the gates and they enter Hope-Ridge. “Hello?” Marry says as the gates shut. Hello? Anyone here? Steve says. No answer. Were alone. Steve says to Marry and his brother. Tyler shoots at Julia. She dodges and shoots back. Tyler laughs. Jeremy grabs his Rifle and starts to shoot he shoots Mathew and Mathew falls to the ground. Dexter opens fire at Tyler. Jim takes out his pistol hiding behind a wall as one of Tyler’s men comes running Jim sticks his leg out at the last second and trips him and shoots him in the head. Tyler angrily screams “WE WON’T LET HOPE-RIDGE WIN THIS BATTLE WE CAN’T!” And he starts to fire. Julia starts to shoot at Tyler again gaining in on him. Nadine and the rest of Hope-Ridge come back towards the front where the war was taking place and start to shoot at Tyler’s men. Sarah gets too close and doesn’t notice Tyler as he grabs her pointing his gun to her and he forces her to enter his building with him. And about ten of Tyler’s men guard the door. Dexter and Jeremy make their way to the door and in a matter of seconds shoot at his men Jeremy throws a grenade and kills all of them instantly. “Well that’s one way to go.” Dexter says. Running into the building as the rest of Both Communities are fighting with Tyler’s men outside. Dexter looks around the dark building the power was cut. Jeremy hands him a flashlight and Dexter continues looking for where Tyler went in the Community Center. We heard a splash sound and Dexter ran to the room where the pool was. Jeremy was right behind him. They searched the room. Tyler had tied rope over Sarah’s ankle’s and attached a cinderblock to the end and threw it in the water Sarah Screamed as she was pulled in the pool and underwater. Jeremy and Dexter saw. Dexter got shot at Jeremy looked up and said Tyler was climbing up to another room on the upper floor. Dexter said he was going to go climb the ladder and get Tyler. Jeremy jumped in the pool swam down and grabbed Sarah. She was too heavy because of the Cinderblock. Jeremy grabs out a knife and cuts the rope releasing Sarah from the Cinderblock. Jeremy grabs her and pulls her up to the pools edge and gets her on the ground. She was unconscious. Jeremy started to do mouth to mouth to try to wake her up and then he started to pound on her stomach and Mouth to mouth almost at the same time. Dexter climbed up the ladder and ran down the dark hall on the upper floor. And opened up another room and stopped when he heard a gun Shot. He ducked behind a table he flipped over. It was pitch black he signed the flashlight around the room to see where he was or to see Tyler. Tyler saw him and shot at him. Dexter dodged but the gun shot gave away Tyler’s Location. As Dexter crotched and slowly made his way down the hall way. Tyler noticed him and tried to shoot him again when his gun ran out of bullets. Tyler threw his gun at Dexter and ran into another room. Dexter ran after kicking the door down this time they were in an office room. There were windows and it was light out so Dexter could see just fine. “It’s over Tyler” Dexter Shouts. “Not yet it’s not. Tyler Kicks a box at Dexter and Dexter drops his gun. Tyler grabs his Sledgehammer and says “Now I think it’s time I bring the Hammer down? Don’t you?” The gun shots from the fight Between Hope-Ridge, The Lost City and Hondarious Bring in a herd of Lunatics through the open gate.  Nadine and Julia and the rest of the lost city start to shoot at the Lunatics and kill them along with Tyler s men. Once she is able to Nadine closes the gate so more Lunatics could not enter the community. Dexter gets up and avoids the Hammer. And Picks his gun up and shoots at Tyler. “Why don’t you play fair?” He says. Dexter says “Why don’t you drop the hammer and we see who the better man is then? Tyler charges at Dexter with the hammer and Dexter dodges as Tyler hits the glass office and glass shatters everywhere. Tyler gets angry and Charges again and this time trips on the Brocken glass. He gets up and runs at him with the hammer this time he hits the door and it breaks off its Hinges. Tyler says “Screw it.” He drops the Sledgehammer on to the ground. And says “You asked for it.” He runs over to Dexter and tries to punch him as Dexter blocks and throws a punch back and hits Tyler in the face. “That didn’t hurt. Tyler says as he punches Dexter in the face. “Neither did that.” Dexter says. As they both raise their fists to each other waiting for one of them to throw a punch. Meanwhile outside Nadine and Julia are shooting up Tyler’s men clean. His men aren’t standing a chance as about twenty or even thirty have already died and he doesn’t have too many left. Jeremy continues mouth to mouth when Sarah opens one of her eyes and sees’s Jeremy holding her. Tyler kicks Dexter in the groin Dexter falls down and Tyler grabs Dexter by the throat and squeezes. Trying to suffocate Him. Dexter tries to grab Tyler’s hand and face. But doesn’t work. Dexter desperately takes his hands and searches for anything to help him when he grabs a piece of glass and shoves it right into Tyler’s face. “AHHH” he screams releasing Dexter’s Throat. Dexter takes a few deep breaths. And Tyler stares at Dexter and rips the glass out of his check. And says “You’ll pay for that.” He grabs the Sledgehammer and is about to kill Dexter when Jeremy enters the room and punches Tyler in the face. Tyler drops the Hammer again. Tyler looks up in shock. Julia throws another Grenade and it blows up another few of Tyler’s men. When a Guy shouts “We Give UP.” You win. He raises his hands in the air. Julia and Nadine and the rest of the groups look up as about five men were left surrendering.  The war with Tyler was over we had won. Hope-Ridge and The Lost City were Victorious over Tyler and “Hondarious.” Tyler Got up and grabbed another pistol and shot at Jeremy. Jeremy dodged and punched Tyler in the face again. Tyler went down. “Were executing him right?” Jeremy asked. “Yes in front of everyone.” Dexter says. As He and Jeremy both grab Tyler and force him up. Sarah grabs the Sledgehammer. And they throw him off the ledge as Tyler falls and lands in the pool. They fish him out and continue outside. Julia and Nadine shout as they see Jeremy and Dexter coming outside with Tyler. And they shove him on the ground. Jim grabs a gun and aims it at his head. “Where are my family? Tyler looks up scared and ashamed of himself says “They escaped from me honestly. Alex says. Good. But we don’t know where they are. Jim says. Tyler looks up at Alex and says “Alex I am so sorry I know I have embarrassed you as a cousin. I thought I was good but once a villain always a villain I guess. For that I am sorry. “I can’t forgive you this time.” Alex says shaking his head. Nadine approaches Tyler. “Where is Michael is he even still alive? Tell me?” “Yes he is alive he was with Jeff and his wife. I killed Jeff however Michael got away from me Jeff’s wife did too my men were going to bring her in the car but she bit them and managed to escape.” Who else died at your hands? Dexter asked. “Mason. No one else though the kids the wives all escaped but I still have no clue as to where they are. We’ll as long as they aren’t around you or this place they are safe. Dexter says. “Tyler looks up at Dexter and Everyone else and says “I’m sorry please forgive me.” “We all forgive you.”  But that doesn’t excuse you from what you did you hurt a lot of people you are a danger to this world and for that you must pay the price”. Dexter says. “Before you kill me please I need to know did you kill all of my men?” “No. Nadine starts to say. Five surrendered.” Where are the ones that surrendered? We let them go they weren’t threats anymore. “Can’t you let me go? I promise I won’t be bad anymore.” What did you say? Once a villain always a villain? No. Dexter says. He nods to Jeremy and Jim. Jeremy Shoots Tyler in the back of the head. He falls to the ground dead. Jim shoots him in the head again and says “Just in case you know in the movies the killer is never dead right away.” “It’s ok.” Dexter says. “Good Job Everyone”. Julia says. Dexter says “Alright everyone we can celebrate back at Hope-Ridge. Let’s Go.” Sarah still holding the Sledgehammer and walks back to the cars. About a few minutes later we all arrive at Hope-Ridge but something was off. Jeremy says “The gate wasn’t shut all the way and Nadine swears she shut it right. Jeremy garbs his gun and says “This might not be over.” As he walks slowly to the gates. Stand back. Dexter says just in case. Jeremy opens the gate and sees Marry, Rodger and Steve. And Jeremy looks back “False alarm. Jim Alex you might like this.” As Jim and Ale enter the Community. Marry, Rodger and Steve see there dad. They run to him he runs up to them and hugs them all saying “Boys I thought I wouldn’t see you again I am so happy I missed all of you especially you Honey he says to Marry and Kisses her.” “I’m so happy to see you too. Marry says Hugging Jim. We were so scared Tyler had us at a place called “Purgatory” where we had to be forced to work and he broke us out we escaped but he found us and chained us up we escaped a second time and Went here you guys were gone through where were you? We went to “Hondarious” All of us we fought and killed Tyler and all of his men. This war is over Tyler is dead Now we are safe. Is it true? Julia smiles Yes it is and Jim was a huge help. We couldn’t have done it without him all of us. Wow I’m so happy he’s dead. Thank you. Marry says to Julia. Your Vet Welcome I’m glad we could help. Dexter walks over to Marry. “You must be Marry? I heard a lot about you all good things. And your sons Steve and Rodger. You have a very kind loving father he never gave up on any of you I want you to know this he was obsessed with getting you back and I am very grateful. And you should be too. We are trust me. Marry says Kissing Jim. Alex says “What about me?” To Marry and the kids. They hug him too and He laughs. Jim says “Thank you so much for everything Dexter.” Hey you were a huge help with us finding and killing Tyler we couldn’t have done without your help too. He shakes Jim’s hand. I want you and your whole family to stay here and live with us here. Jim smiles. “Now how about we get some food?” Dexter says laughing. As everyone walks to the kitchen waiting their turn for a hot meal. Nadine says I wish Michael was here. And then there was a knock on the gates young women was there I’m sorry to intrude but I am in danger a group were after me “Hondarious.” Dexter says let her in. and Jeremy tells her that the group is dead. “Really? I have a kid can he come in? “Yes.” Dexter says. The lady whistles and Michael runs out of the bushes and into the Community. Nadine drops her food and runs to Michael and Hugs him. Michael says “Mommy I missed you.” I missed you too very much and she kisses Michael. So he is your son. Al right. The lady says smiling I kept him safe and was hoping his mother would return one day. “Thank you so much. Nadine says you are a life saver you really are I missed him.” I’m glad to do it. Nadine hugs the lady my name is Sarah. I’m Nadine. Nadine says. You want something to eat? She asks Not just Michael but also the Lady. Yes please they both say. Nadine laughs and closed the gate and takes them over to the kitchen inside “Hope-Ridge” Back in Washington Boris was eating dinner in his Hospital. “Where is Matt at?” he asks into the radio. Back at Hondarious one of the scientists were looking at Tyler’s Body when one of Tyler’s men came out from the bushes and said “It was a slaughter house here I know you are looking for Jim and his family. I know where they are. I know Where Hope-Ridge is. The Scientist takes his radio out and says “Boris a man says he knows right were to Find Jim and his family. Want me to head out there now? Boris takes another bite from his steak dinner and says “No I think this is a job for “The Executer and Purgatory.” HA-HA-HA.” Boris says over the radio.  Taking another bite from his steak…..THE END. 
