



Phantasmagoria
Published by Marius Dicomites at Smashwords
Copyright 2020 Marius Dicomites




Table of contents
The Whisperers
Mr Scratch
In the Blood
The Hell Beyond
The Remnants
Miasma
Dead Things



The Whisperers



He couldn’t reach the memories now. The good memories. The sentimental memories that would have made him smile. The good times, now forgotten times. Another life – another person’s moments.
Only death remained. Every moment, every day, and every month, for almost a year but for what seemed like forever, focused on the expectation of death. In the sickroom, on her bed, his mother gradually wasting away, losing strength and consciousness, barely able to speak, hardly conscious of his presence, and, sometimes, when she was conscious, unable to recognise him, her own son a stranger.
In that expectation, both of them conscious of its inevitability but unable to acknowledge the stark fact, refusing to give it voice or a deeper substance, he had made an effort to bring a normality to their daily lives, with routine, with smiles, with incessant chatter – with lies, plans for the future that would never happen. He learnt to mask his anxiety and apprehension, the depression he pressed against every day; learnt to smile through those emotions and keep the smile fixed on his face, even during those moments when he caught glimpses of what was coming – a sickening shudder, a clumsy movement, a moment of delirium. He kept the smile from twisting into something else when he was close to tears, and he blinked the tears away and went on. 
The intolerable had become the norm. He deliberately lost himself in lies and distractions. He carried on, and waited for the final moment. 
But when the moment came, it didn’t make any difference. It didn’t help.
He could close his eyes and walk himself through the memory, explore every detail – weeks later and it was still so fresh, the emotions raw. He remembered the strange dream he’d had before he had woken up as well. He remembered being suffocated by a complete darkness, huddled against a wall he couldn’t see, holding his knees close against his chest, shivering from a constant ice-cold chill. He could hear unintelligible whispers in the dark. One in his ear made him shudder and recoil blindly away. Then came the hands – sharp fingers stroking his face, working their way repeatedly through his hair, as though trying to reassure and calm an animal.
Then his mother’s sobbing shook him from his sleep.
With a sickeningly familiar sense of urgency, he bolted from the bed and rushed to her room. He found her with her hands stretched out in front of her, simultaneously shielding herself and pushing something away – her countenance contorted with a dread that made her barely recognisable. But there wasn’t anything there.
“It’s okay, Mum,” he said, gently taking hold of her wrists and attempting to bring her arms down, afraid she was going to hurt herself. There was a surprising strength in her limbs, a strength he hadn’t seen for some time. She shook herself free and swept her hand through the air, struck him across the face.
“I don’t want to die here,” she pleaded, her voice shaking with sobs. “Get me out of here. Get me out.”
He attempted to take hold of her wrists again. “Mum, you’re home. You’re not at the hospital. It’s okay.”
“Don’t let them get me!”
“Please, it’s okay,” he said, deliberating whether to call the doctor, not realizing he was crying until his tears spilled onto the bedsheets. “No one is going to get you. It’s okay –”
A chill went through him as her sight seized on him. Her eyes were frozen and round with the dread. “We have to get out, Stephen. This house isn’t safe. The house isn’t-”
Her frail body convulsed with seizures. Her eyes rolled back, and her body arched into the air. Sobbing, trying to stop his hands from trembling, he reached for the phone, and stopped as she slumped down onto the bed, not moving, her eyes wide open but seeing nothing, lifeless.
Yes, he remembered everything about that night. He remembered dropping to his knees and staring ahead of him, just staring, unable to grasp any thoughts as tears streamed down his face.
The moment they had dreaded had finally come.
And it had been worse, far worse, than he could have possibly imagined. 



Strange how the familiar shifts out of sync after a death. You’re numbed to it all, but you know that things have changed, and won’t ever be the same. You know there’s pieces missing that can’t be replaced. But you don’t know your place in the new reality. You don’t know where you belong.
There weren’t many people at the funeral. Her mother’s brother and his wife, her sister, and two elderly friends of hers. Her other few friends had been too unwell or too frail to make it. A dying generation. So many people that had been a part of her life had passed away themselves. He couldn’t help wondering if this was the outcome: to live the end of your life alone, waiting to die.
Who would be left to miss him when he died?
It rained throughout the funeral. Few words were spoken amongst the mourners. Apart from himself, no real display of emotion. And nothing significant to mark the moment. He couldn’t remember the priest’s words. He played the part people expected him to play, but he couldn’t connect to any of it. He just wanted to close his eyes and extinguish the world from sight, wish it all away.
There was no wake after the funeral. There was no point. Quick goodbyes were said without any expressions of physical affection. Like himself, everyone played their part, and when it was over, they were finished. They went home.
And it was after the funeral, when he arrived home and closed the door behind him, when he stared up at the gloomy staircase and listened to the silence, that the reality sank in.
“What am I going to do?” he whispered to no one. “What am I going to do?”    
 


Wiping her hands over the kitchen sink, his mother gazed out through the window as the morning sunshine poured through. A bright sunshine that flooded every inch of the window and appeared to obscure everything outside. A sunshine that saturated the room, merging the detail, blurring the edges. He could persuade himself that the room was lost and floating in the light. That the outside world didn’t exist.
He had to hold the moment.
Smiling, she turned and looked at him. “Stephen, you haven’t touched your pancakes.”
He smiled back at her. “I’m – I’m not really hungry.”
“You can’t starve yourself,” she said, shaking her head. 
Hold the moment.
“I love you,” he choked out, unable to suppress the tears, feeling them sting his face.
“You need to eat. You need to look after yourself.”
He didn’t want to let go.
“It’s going to be a lovely day,” he said hurriedly, clenching his fists. “We should go to the park later.”
Her smiled waned. “Please look after yourself,” she pleaded. “I can’t be here for you now. You have to move on.”
He couldn’t pretend anymore. “No,” he sobbed. “It’s not fair.”
“No, it isn’t,” she agreed, drawing closer. “You spent so long looking after me you forgot there was another world outside. You stopped living your life.” 
“I don’t know what to do.”
She stooped down. “Get out,” she whispered, only a few inches from his ear. “All their eyes are on you now.”
He was jolted from the dream. His eyes flew open. He sat bolt upright in the bed, and scanned the room, not sure what he expected to see, but unable to shake off the persistent sensation of being watched. Unsteadily, breathing hard, he climbed off the bed. He needed to get out of the room. Frustratingly, he couldn’t grasp the reason, none of it made sense. He just couldn’t resist the urge to get out of the room.
   In the hallway, the relief came immediately, but his eyes were immediately drawn to his mother’s bedroom at the end. He hadn’t entered the room since the day of the funeral. He wished he hadn’t closed the door. It stood like a barrier now. A barrier between the past and the present. 
He approached the door, then pressed his fingers lightly against it. Somehow it was so easy to pretend that nothing had happened, that his mother was still there on the bed on the other side. Maybe she was. Maybe it had all been a bad dream. The funeral was blurred and vague in his mind. Easy to dismiss if he wished it. Easy to pretend that everything was still the same.
He trembled as he gripped the doorknob. He turned it an inch, and then stopped. No, too soon, he couldn’t do it. He pulled back from the door, until he struck the wall. He was still trembling.
No, not yet. Too soon. Not yet.



Five minutes.
He poured the tea into the cup and set it on the tray. Then, taking the pot off the stove, he turned and poured the soup into the bowl. All that was left was the bread. The loaf felt hard to the touch, so he sliced it thinly. It would be okay. He would be the one to feed her. 
Picking up the tray, he turned to face the doorway, and stopped as he remembered – a moment of mild shock that rooted him to the floor. His eyes burned as he placed the tray back onto the table, then he stared at his own plate of food. He had to eat. He couldn’t starve himself.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered quietly, walking out of the kitchen. 
Back in his bedroom, he noticed a detail that must have been there for some time. There was a crack in the wall above the headboard. Only a few inches long. But dust from the crack had showered his pillow. 
He shook his head dismissively. He turned the pillow over, and climbed onto the bed. Curling up into himself, he closed his eyes. He needed to sleep.
Everything would better after a little sleep.  



“You spent so long looking after me you forgot there was another world outside.”
His mother’s voice was hollow this time. It resonated all around him as he drifted in an impenetrable dark. A void of nothingness. All reality obscured into oblivion. Nothing to hurt him. Here, he could be anything he wanted, think and believe anything he wanted. Another reality made out of need.
“It doesn’t matter,” he whispered back to the voice.
“You can’t hide away forever,” her voice persisted. “You can’t hide from them.”
Before he could respond, harsh whispers flooded the air around him, then ice-cold hands seized his limbs. In their vice-like grip, he found himself being dragged downwards through the dark. As he writhed against his invisible attackers, one of them stroked his cheek, then another pressed the side of their face against his. Except that the face felt deformed against his own. 
Whatever it was wasn’t human. 
With a cry, he convulsed from the dream. His eyes opened. He slumped down onto the bed. Jumping to his feet, he turned a full circle as he searched the room for invaders. No one. Nothing. Another dream. 
Half-stumbling, he reached for the door. The sensation of being watched was suffocating this time. There was no one there, but he didn’t feel like he was alone in the room. 
He almost fell out into the hallway. After a moment, breathing deep to steady himself, he found his attention being drawn to his mother’s room. Awkwardly, unable to shake the sensation that something had changed, he approached the door and faced it. He took hold of the doorknob. Only a few seconds. That’s all it would take to break the obstacle. When he opened the door, he would realize that there was nothing to be afraid of, and that she was gone, really gone - 
“Stephen?”
The familiar voice from inside the room - a whisper, low but distinct - caused him to shudder and recoil from the door. He shook his head. No, he had imagined it. It couldn’t have been her. His imagination –
“Stephen?” 
This time he rushed forward and threw the door open. In the gloom, with the light off and the curtains closed, he had genuinely expected to find his mother on the bed, waiting for him. Despite everything that had happened, he had expected the impossible. 
But he didn’t see his mother. 
In the shadows, he saw ashen-grey, emaciated, skeletal forms crawling across the walls and ceiling with limbs disproportionate to the rest of their bodies. Creatures with slits for eyes, a blackness gleaming beneath. With wide mouths revealing small but pointed incisors, and, within their mouths, two thin, black tendrils on either side, which darted in and out repeatedly. 
The sight lasted for a fraction of a second. Caught, exposed, they shrank back into the thicker shadows in the room, then slithered rapidly and effortlessly, with a liquid-like substance, into the walls themselves.
With a drawn-out cry, Stephen stumbled back, then, driven by an overpowering dread and revulsion, found himself clinging to the walls as he made his way through the hall and down the staircase. The image of the creatures burned vividly in his mind. Even when he closed his eyes, he could see them – see their gleaming eyes boring into him. He reached out to the front door. His hand shook uncontrollably, and stopped in mid-air. 
He couldn’t do it. He couldn’t bring himself to open the door. What did he intend to do? Who would believe him if he asked for help? He didn’t know what was expected of him now. There was no future in his mind. Nothing mattered. He only had a place in the world here, in the house he had grown up in. This was the only place where he belonged. This was home. This was where his mother was.
He turned slowly and gazed up at the staircase.
Nothing was ever easy. The past few years had been far from easy. Years of depression and constant anxiety while he cared for his mother. Years of waiting for someone to die and being afraid it could happen at any moment. He was in the same position he had been in before: having to adapt to an abnormal life and making it normal. He was going to stay. 
He wasn’t going to be driven out by them.   



His discovery of the creatures had made them bolder.
Though they still hid from sight, they made no effort to conceal their existence in the house now. He heard them shifting between the walls, squirming and scraping their way through, sometimes pausing momentarily, then shifting again. He heard them above him. If he was on the ground floor, they scuttled around in the room above, ceaselessly and excitedly for almost an hour, searching, exploring. If he was on the upper floor, he heard them in the attic, a large number of them – the ceiling creaked with their weight, as if they were swarming together in a mass like rats. 
And if he needed to hear more, he heard them in the crack in his bedroom wall. The crack grown had grown to over seven inches and deepened. If he pressed his ear against the fracture, he heard their harsh, grating voices. An alien language. He couldn’t comprehend or even try to interpret the meaning of their language, but he was certain he caught his name on a few occasions.  
Determined to learn more about them, he decided to confront them one day. When he heard them whispering in his mother’s room, he kicked the door open and took one step inside the doorway. Before they could retreat, he aimed his cell phone and used the flash repeatedly on them. As he had theorized, the light was too harsh for them. Their faces contorted with unmistakeable agony. Some shielded themselves. Some uttered a high-pitched whine. He reached for the light switch to see what would happen, but they were too quick. They shrank back into hiding before he could even touch it. 
But he had found their weakness. The light would protect him.



At the kitchen sink, his mother gazed out through the window as a blood-red light poured through and flooded the room, tainting everything it touched with a smearing gloom.
“You’re still not eating,” she said breathlessly.
He stared down at his plate. “I’m not hungry.”
She turned and looked at him. He was sure he caught a flash of frustration before she faced him. “You shouldn’t be here.”
“I can’t leave,” he struggled to explain. Tears burned his eyes. “I don’t want to.”
An unmistakeable anger suffused her countenance. “I told you, all their eyes are on you now.”
“I’ll get rid of them,” he said, desperate to reassure her.
“Don’t be a fool,” she shouted. “Wake up, Stephen. Look at them.”
Thrown from the dream, he trembled with the overwhelming sensation of being watched. But this time he resisted the urge to jump from the bed and escape from the room. This time he could sense the source of the persistent sensation. Still trembling, balling his hands into fists, he stretched his head back and looked up at the wall behind him.
The fracture in the wall had lengthened further than the width of the bed – widened by inches; and, within the opening, despite the light being on to keep him safe, the creatures watched him from within the shadows. There must have been about ten of them. Their eyes, all of their gleaming eyes, on him.   
With a moan, he jumped from the bed, pulling the bedsheets with him. He reached for the bedside lamp, switched it on, and thrust it against the opening. Uttering high-pitched whines, the creatures retreated into the darkness completely.
It was then he noticed another detail. Glancing down behind the headboard of the bed, he saw another opening, from the ground up, stretching a foot across, wide enough to allow one of the creatures access. He pulled the bed forward to get a better look, and then shivered involuntarily with an unwelcome realization.
The creatures could pass through walls. They didn’t need these holes to get to him. If that was the case, they were meant for him. 
They wanted to pull him through into their world.   



They were up to something.
First, in the morning he discovered that the landline phone had been cut. When he checked the wires in the passage, he found them severed. They appeared as if they had been chewed through. He had to keep his cell phone on him. He also decided then to keep every light in every room on. To do otherwise might give them an opportunity to get the upper hand. In case he came across any more holes, he would have a torchlight with him at all times as well.  
Then, in the evening, they started shifting through the house. Their activity was unmistakeable and distinct: they were working their way downwards through the house. The beams shook and creaked with their effort. When he pressed his fingers against the bedroom wall, it vibrated at his touch.
What were they up to?
He went out into the passage, then descended the staircase as the sounds continued to work their way down. On the ground floor, he heard the creatures shifting all around him, as if searching for something. Then the noise went down again. Into the basement? What could they want in the basement?
“No,” he whispered, as the answer came to him.
The circuit breaker. 
Heart pounding, he rushed towards the basement door and flung the door open. As he reached for the light switch, the lights in the passage flickered, and died.
Darkness. 
In the shadows, he backed away from the basement door as they proceeded to make their way up again. They stopped at ground level, and soon he heard them all around him, scraping at the walls. He had no choice now. Whirling around, he rushed towards the front door, and staggered backwards as their forms broke through the walls and ceiling, so many of them they obscured every inch of the door. 
With a moan, he reached for the staircase. As he gripped the banister, their hands penetrated the side wall and lunged at him, clutching his limbs, lifting him into the air. He flailed frantically against their hold, but there were too many, they were too strong. He found himself being carried through the dark up to his mother’s bedroom, where they had opened the door in readiness. Whispering incessantly, they dragged his body up into the corner of the ceiling.
He wanted to close his eyes and dream as their hands stroked his body, again as if to soothe and reassure him. But their hands also ripped away his t-shirt. Then their mouths closed over his bare skin. He convulsed with agony as the tendrils in their mouths penetrated his skin. A heavy warmth flooded through his body, overpowered his strength and will, rendering him helpless as they proceeded to draw on his blood. A sickening dizziness drowned his senses. Still they caressed him, attempted to reassure him that somehow, despite what was happening, everything was alright. 
Finally, weakened, sinking, he lapsed into unconsciousness. 



Was this death?
A disembodied consciousness lost and drifting in oblivion. But, no, he had some sensation of his physical form. In the air, he was trapped and entangled in an all-compassing constraint. His head was arched back, his arm was at his side; and his knees were bent. He could only stretch and flex his limbs within the constraint. In the darkness, he couldn’t see the cause of his forced paralysis. 
Was this death?
“No,” his mother’s voice whispered into his ear. “You’re not dead.”
“Mother?”
“You shouldn’t be here,” she admonished. “Why didn’t you listen to me?
“I’m sorry,” he whimpered. “I’ll get out.”
“Too late now,” she responded, resignedly. “We’ll have to make the best of it.”
“I –”
“Sleep now.”
Warmth flooded through him, smothering his thoughts, overpowering his strength. He made an effort to fight it, but he was too weak, it was futile. 
He slipped back into unconsciousness.



The whispers stirred him from his sleep.
All around him, a relentless stream of whispers. He understood them now, understood everything. The whisperers meant no harm. Drawn to his misery, they had only wanted to help. He belonged to them, and they belonged to him. A collective union in every sense: in body and in mind. Sensations felt by all. Thoughts opened and shared in the singular unconsciousness. He could never be alone with them.
He was a part of them.



“Can you see now?”
His mother’s voice drew him into the waking world.
“Mother?”
“Open your eyes.”
He obeyed. 
Yes, he could see. The creatures’ squirming bodies were all around him, clinging together in a mass, holding him within their collective. Their mouths were clamped on each other, the tendrils simultaneously feeding on and nourishing, and vital in creating and maintaining the link they shared.
In the mass of bodies, he caught sight of other forms: the spirits of the dead given flesh, and the bodies of the living altered irrevocably. Feeding on each other, all of them were continuously changing, transforming, becoming something else. Yes, his own skin was ashen-grey. His vision was red, but it felt natural.
His mother writhed through the bodies to get closer, and cradled him in her arms, rocked him back and forth. He smiled. Never to stand alone again. Never to be alone again. Never to fear. What could be better than this?
To always feel safe in the arms of Mother. 



Mr Scratch



“Another urban myth?”
“Seriously, this is a good one.”
“You should write a blog. Stan’s Urban Myth of the Week. Where do you get these from?”
“There’s loads of web pages on these things. There’s also blogs, forums –”
“I wouldn’t believe anything on those. It’s always a story from a friend of a friend.”
“Not always. People do die in mysterious circumstances. I read that there was this guy in Illinois who did the ritual last year. He-”
“No, don’t tell me,” Ryan interrupted. “He was found brutally murdered the next day. Was he found hanging upside down, disembowelled, with gaping holes for eyes?
“Well, yes, he -”
“Why are the victims always found brutally murdered? Why can’t they just drop dead?”
“What do you expect from someone named Mr Scratch? Death by feather tickler?”
“And why are they always monsters or supernatural entities? Why can’t you have a fun urban myth? Aren’t there any giant, talking rabbits prodding people to death with carrots?”
Stan’s eyes narrowed on him. “If you’re going to be a bastard –”
Ryan laughed. “Ha, don’t worry, I’m done. I will now shut up and listen to your story. Tell me, my friend, who is Mr Scratch?”
Stan leaned in towards him. Ryan noticed the familiar glint in his eyes as he went on. “His story goes back centuries. If you lived in certain parts of the country, you would know about him. As a child, you would have heard other children singing about him. The song goes, Mr Scratch will scratch your back. Mr Scratch will scratch out your eyes. Mr Scratch will scratch out your insides. Who’s afraid of Mr Scratch?” 
His friend looked at him expectantly, waiting for a response. Resisting the urge to joke about clipping nails, Ryan smiled and gestured to him to go on. 
“Mr Scratch is tall, a towering figure, with elongated limbs. He has thick hands with nine fingers – four over the others - on each one, and they’re half claws, claws stained with the blood of his victims. He has sharp teeth as well, large, deformed teeth that have grown outside his mouth. They take up a good part of his face. Then there’s the eyes: like black, shining mirrors. The skin and flesh on his face doesn’t stop moving – it stretches and squirms with a life of its own - so those eyes can grow larger. Large enough for you to see your reflection in them. One piece of advice if you come across Mr Scratch: don’t look into his eyes. If you do, he’ll steal your soul.”
“Poor Mr Scratch,” Ryan said. “I take it he doesn’t get to go out much.” He smiled. “Well, how do we do it then?”
Stan’s brow creased. “Do what?”
“Call on Mr Scratch. I’ve heard enough of these stories to know there’s a way to invite Mr Scratch into your home.”
Stan laughed. “You wouldn’t want to do this one.”
“Want to bet?”
“Actually, yes, I do,” his friend said, rising to the challenge. “Twenty bucks?”
“Done.” 
“Give me a moment.” Stan jumped to his feet.
“Where are you going?”
“To get the standing mirror from my parent’s bedroom.” 
Ryan sighed as Stan left to get the mirror. This was more predictable than he thought. Say the bastard’s name three times in front of a mirror and he’ll come out and get you. There had to be better things to do on a Saturday night. 
Stan carried the mirror into the room and placed it in front of him. Then he closed the door, and smiled. “Are you ready?” 
“Go on, then,” Ryan said resignedly. 
Dropping to his knees beside him, Stan dug into his jeans pocket and retrieved his penknife. 
Ryan shook his head. “What’s that for?”
Stan held it out to him. “You have to cut your finger.”
“Are you kidding me?”
“It’s part of the ritual.”
“I wasn’t expecting to have to cut myself up.”
“Okay, I’ll take that twenty-”  
Ryan grabbed the knife. “You’re not winning this one.” He pulled out the knife and pressed the edge against the tip of his finger. Bracing himself, he stabbed at the skin, but still winced when the cut stung. Blood welled to the surface. “What now?”
“Repeat these words as you write his name on the mirror with your blood. “I’m not afraid of you, Mr Scratch.”
Ryan proceeded to write the name in large, capital letters. “I’m not afraid of you, Mr Scratch.”
“I’m not afraid of your deadly scratch.”
He suppressed a smile. “I’m not afraid of your deadly scratch.”
“I’m not afraid of you, Mr Scratch.”
“I’m not afraid of you, Mr Scratch.”
“Come out and play, it’s not me you’ll catch.”
“Come out and play, it’s not me you’ll catch.” Completing the challenge, Ryan leaned back and stared at the name on the mirror. “Well, what happens next? Is Mr Scratch going to come after me?”
“The answer is in the last line,” Stan said. “He’s not going to get you. He’s going to get everybody around you. You invited him. If he kills you, he’ll send himself back. But you will see him wherever you go.”
“How do I send him back?”
“You have to write his name on the mirror again.”
“Well, that’s easy.”
“In his blood. And even then you might not be able to get rid of him completely. He’s tied to you.”
Ryan stared at him. “In his blood? How the hell are you supposed to do that?”
Stan grinned. “That’s a good question.”



Who was at the door?
Groaning, he pulled the bedsheets over his head and rolled over to his side. Whoever it was, he could sense them there, a soundless, almost palpable presence, shifting back and forth impatiently, waiting to be let in.
“Who is it?” he asked breathlessly. 
The door shook. Then it was pushed against its frame. 
Too hot. He pushed the bedsheets off him. Why didn’t they just come in? “Just come in, damn you. Just come in.”
The doorknob twisted around. As the door slid open, something hard scratched against the wood.
“No,” he cried, sitting bolt upright in the bed. It took him a moment to realize it had been a dream. But even then he found himself listening for another unfamiliar sound in the darkness. 
“Bloody Stan and his Mr Scratch,” he muttered finally, irritably, annoyed with himself. He glanced at the clock on the bedside table: three in the morning. He needed a drink before trying to get back to sleep again.
He climbed out of bed. And shivered. The temperature had dropped sharply. He wasn’t usually affected by the cold, but this was different, a persistent ice-cold chill that prickled his skin. Maybe someone had left a window open in the house. He grabbed his sweater and put it on, trying, and failing, to ignore the fact that he was deliberately taking his time. That his friend’s story had gotten to him more than he realized. Another stupid story. He had heard so many.
But this one had given him a nightmare.
Finally, with the persistent train of thought still in his mind, he turned to face the door. 
Did he honestly expect someone on the other side?
This time his behaviour caused him to chuckle. He shook his head and opened the door. No, nobody was on the other side. Another stupid story. He went out into the passage, flipping the light switch as he passed it. At the top of the staircase, he glanced down, and stumbled back as he came to a stop.
The front door was wide open.
The nagging uneasiness returned. “Who’s down there?” he called out. “Dad?” He waited for an answer. Nothing. No one. But there was a logical explanation, wasn’t there? Someone hadn’t closed the door properly. “Hello,” he called out again, and proceeded to count to five. When he reached five and still hadn’t received an answer, he hurried down, almost raced down, to close the door. When he reached it, he was ready to accept his explanation, ready to dismiss anything unusual, until he made a mistake and glanced outside.
They stood there, around ten of them, scattered across the front lawn and road, staring at the house. He could only describe them as liquified bodies, sluggish-grey forms dripping liquid as their ruined clothes melded with their bodies. Their faces were deformed, warped out of shape, their features sagging. Seeing him, their eyes gleamed and their broken mouths stretched into skewered smiles.  
With a strangled cry, he threw the door shut and bolted it, then pulled himself back until he came up against the staircase. But it couldn’t have been real. Was he still dreaming? Was that it? It was a strange night. Maybe he had imagined it. Or a trick? One of Stan’s stupid video pranks.
 “Bastard,” he hissed, forcing himself forward. His hand shook as he unbolted the door and opened it again. The street was empty. They weren’t there. He’d been right. Stan had got a few people together to play a trick on him. Tomorrow there would be a video to show how much they had managed to spook him. Bastards.
Shaking his head, he went into the kitchen and opened the fridge. As he reached for a bottle of water, the light from inside illuminated his hand. But something wasn’t right. He raised his hand in front of him. His fingers were swollen, bent out of shape. His palm was swollen too. Trembling, he raised his hand to his face for a closer look, and screamed as the skin in his palm tore open. Bloodied maggots swelled out, crawled outwards, climbing up his arm, spilling onto the floor. He screamed again, and stared with disbelief as, in the blink of an eye, his hand was back to normal and the maggots were gone. But there was no relief. He could hear something behind him now, distinct, persistent, a sound that he hadn’t wanted to hear, especially not tonight. 
“You’re not real,” he whispered, and choked on the hot rancid stench that flooded the air, so pungent it stung his nostrils and made him want to retch. 
He didn’t believe the story, but he still couldn’t convince himself that someone wasn’t standing behind him. Sightless, soundless, their presence still managed to be persistent and inescapable, an assault on his senses that persuaded him that whoever it was dwarfed him with its towering figure and elongated limbs. That whoever it was reached out and stretched over him, waiting to be acknowledged. 
He didn’t believe the story, but the hand that clasped the back of his neck couldn’t be ignored. Nor could the claws that scraped against his skin – claws he didn’t need to count because he knew there would be nine. One pierced the side of his neck, almost embedded itself inside as he was turned forcibly around.
No, he didn’t believe the story, until he found himself staring into a face with crawling flesh, with rotting, deformed teeth protruding from its mouth, and eyes that opened wider as he looked into them, drawing him in, absorbing him, deliberating whether to steal a part of him that he would never recover.  
  Now believing, he screamed. 



He was thrown from his sleep by gunshots.
Groggy, listening, Stan didn’t realize what they were at first, not until he heard them again, three more shots, one straight after the other, coming from the next room, his father’s room. Driven by a surge of adrenalin that sent his heart racing and shook his limbs, he jumped from the bed and rushed out into the passage to his father’s bedroom. The door was closed. He slammed his fist against it. “Dad, are you okay? Dad?” He waited: no answer. Trembling, he made another effort. “Dad, is everything okay? Answer me, please.” 
Praying, he waited again for a response, but his pleas were only met with silence. With an escalating dread, his imagination conjuring the worst, he turned the doorknob and pushed the door open. 
He had imagined a wounded intruder sprawled across the floor, his father, in shock, holding a gun. Nothing could have prepared him for the sight of a nightmare given flesh holding his father’s limp body in the air by his arm, lifeless, hanging like some broken ragged doll, his neck bent sideways at a sickening angle. But the nightmare wasn’t finished. Clasping the back of his father’s head, it sank its deformed teeth deep into his neck and tore at the flesh. Blood gushed freely from the gash as the nightmare feasted, ravenously, like a rabid animal that had been starved and let loose.
“No,” Stan exhaled breathlessly, hot tears clouding his vision. 
Hearing him, the nightmare abruptly stopped its feed, its head rolled on its shoulders as it appeared to deliberate its next action. As it did so, his father’s corpse swung loosely in its grasp. The decision was made as it jerked its head in his direction. Its eyes shone at him as it flung his father aside. Then, with convulsive shifts, it advanced towards him. 
Stan staggered backwards. Then he lurched towards the staircase and started down the steps, jumping down them two or three at a time. He didn’t expect to reach the front door. Even when he came to it, he kept waiting for the nightmare to wrench him away. He flung the door open, and moaned as something reached out to him. He struck out blindly, uttering one cry after another, as he struggled to free himself from its grasp.
“Stan, it’s me,” Ryan shouted. “It’s okay. It’s me.”
Eyes wide, he looked again. Unable to stop himself from shaking, he made an effort to speak. “Real – it’s real. He – he killed my dad.” His gaze was drawn towards the door. Dazed, he took a step towards it. “I’ve got to get away. I’ve got to get out of here.”
Ryan took hold of him by the shoulders. “We’ve got to send the bastard back.”
“We can’t hurt him,” he whispered. 
“We’ve got no choice” Ryan responded, shaking him forcibly. “He’s going to come after my family.”
Stan pulled himself free and averted his gaze, stared steadily at the ground instead. “There…there might be a chance.”
“What is it? Tell me.”
“I’m sorry.”
“For what?” Ryan demanded. “For God’s sake, just tell –”
Without warning, Stan struck out at him with a clenched fist, catching him on the side of the head. He was sent stumbling backwards. Before he could recover his balance, Stan lunged forward and clutched hold of his neck with both hands. “He can’t kill you because it’ll send him back,” he said through gritted teeth, tightening his hold. “But I can. I have to do it. I’m sorry.”
Choking, sinking to the ground, he clutched at Stan’s hands and struggled to prise them off him. But Stan had the advantage. Collapsing onto his knees, he looked up at his friend’s face and barely recognised him; it was tautened and suffused with naked fear and an indomitable resolve. He meant to see it through to the end. 
But Stan couldn’t see what he could see. If he had glanced behind him, he would have caught the cause of his fear crawling down across the staircase wall. He would have seen his nightmare reaching out to him with its clawed hands. When Stan realized he was looking past him, it was too late. He could only shudder as the demon grasped the back of his neck and dragged him up into the air.
Ryan scrambled away and watched as Mr Scratch stroked his friend’s face with his claws. The barest contact was still enough to leave marks; blood welled to the surface. Flailing wildly, Stan dug into his pocket and retrieved his pocketknife. Desperately, he pulled back the knife and plunged it into the demon’s chest repeatedly. Grey liquid dripped from the knife, but it had no effect. The knife was swatted out of his grasp, and it clattered to the floor. Unfurling one of his fingers, Mr Scratch dug its curved claw deep into his shoulder and twisted it inside the wound, as if to punish him for his effort. The action tore an agonised cry from Stan’s throat. With a grunt of pleasure, Mr Scratch released him, allowing him to fall freely to the ground, watching.
There was no doubt in Stan’s mind that the demon was torturing him before killing him as he made an effort to crawl away. After a few feet, Mr Scratch was over him again. He convulsed as a claw slid into the side of his neck. Then he felt his head being jerked to the side, and he found himself staring into the demon’s eyes. The skin around them quivered and stretched out. Momentarily, they shone into him like burning mirrors, then he saw his reflection in them. A moan escaped his lips as he felt every sense of himself being pulled out from him – a palpable sensation, an energy rapidly depleting itself, being drained until there was nothing left.
“No,” he whispered futilely.
In response, Mr Scratch reached out with his clawed hands, ready to complete his task.
And vanished. 
Stunned, refusing to believe it was over, certain that he was being played with, Stan lay there staring into an empty space, waiting for the demon to come back.
“I sent him back,” Ryan said, descending the staircase. 
Stan shook his head. “It’s – over?”
“Yes,” he answered simply, throwing the knife at him, unable or unwilling to hide his disgust. “I took his blood from the knife. It’s over.” 



Ryan closed his locker. He glanced at his watch: he had ten minutes before the next class. For a moment, he listened to the chatter of voices from the other students in the corridor. The voices calmed him. He would see the day through to the end this time. Being around people would help. 
He turned around, and caught sight of Stan at the end of the corridor, making his way in his direction. As he lowered his head and busied himself with his books, Stan averted his gaze and passed by. The usual routine. They didn’t speak anymore. 
In the bathroom, Ryan washed his face, relishing the sensation of the cold water on his skin. He grabbed a few paper towels and dried himself. As he did so, he was drawn to the mirror in front of him.
No.
But he couldn’t help himself. Knowing what he knew, how could he stop himself? He gazed at his reflection, then past his reflection, at another grinning countenance with burning eyes, a nightmare that spent every moment of every day with him, and would remain with him until he died.
Mr Scratch. 
He remembered what Stan had told him. 
“How do I send him back?”
“You have to write his name on the mirror again.”
“Well, that’s easy.”
“In his blood. And even then you might not be able to get rid of him completely. He’s tied to you.”


  
          
 









In the Blood



Knowing your destiny can be a burden. 
Forget about dreams or ambitions. What’s the point when all roads lead to Hell? When you know that no matter what you do, you’ll find yourself in the same place. Well, there’s no point in even trying to strive for anything else.
Something I’ve known since I was a child. A child forced to confront an otherworldly intrusion in their safe, comfortable world. A child who realizes that monsters are real, and that no human can protect him from them. That the absolute safety you believed in – that ignorant bliss - was nothing more than an illusion. That the fanciful dreams you had for the future won’t be yours. That, in an instant, everything’s changed.  
The first time I saw Master, I was sitting in the garden, playing with my toy truck. A shadow fell over me. I looked up and saw his towering ash-blood coloured figure, with the tentacles on his back squirming outwards, each one lined with small, quivering mouths; and the elongated, thickly veined arms and hands with more than five fingers. I had to crane my neck back to see his face. It was enough to cause me to cry out and shake uncontrollably with fright. Those five black, gleaming eye. The wide, lipless mouth with the small, pointed teeth grinning in my direction.
He attempted to speak to me, but I was hysterical. My cries sent my father and mother running out into the garden. They were sure something had frightened me, but they didn’t believe the story I had to tell. They put it down to my imagination. They offered repeated reassurances. A good night’s sleep would take it all way.
But it was just the beginning. 
I didn’t have a good night’s sleep. He came to me again, and this time, overawed, stifled into silence by fear, I listened. He told me his plans to enter our world, then told me my part in bringing them to fruition. If I attempted to fight my destiny, he would murder all those who meant anything to me, and I would be blamed for their deaths. I would bring death wherever I went. I had no choice.
God, for every night after that, for the next year or so, he told me the same thing until it was scarred into my mind. Even when I had memorised every damn word, he refused to leave me alone.  
I know what I have to do.
I have much work to do tonight.
Ignoring the blood that flowed over my hands from the gash in the man’s neck, I pulled his lifeless corpse into the middle of the room. Uttering the incantation, I marked the ancient symbols into his chest with the edge of my knife. As I did so, a deep red glowed inside the marks I created, searing the flesh, bubbling the blood, opening the wounds wider. 
An ice-cold chill flooded the room. I braced myself, but still flinched as my master’s clawed and thick-veined hand reached past me and clutched the man’s neck. Fascinated, I watched the man’s skin discolour momentarily, then grey, as the blood was drained from him. Then his body trembled and lost its shape. His chest collapsed inwards, then his face, the features warped into a grotesque mask. 
Unable to watch any more of it, I stood up and left the room, closed the door behind me. There would be nothing left of the man but his clothes when Master was finished. I would return later. 



“It’s pissing down. Let’s move under that tree.”
I glanced backwards to check whether anybody had seen us climb over the gate into the park. Without a word, I followed the man towards a large oak tree. In the heavy rain, in the dark and the heavy shadows that surrounded us, I was relieved that my task was being made easier. But I still had to exercise caution. I had learnt never to be caught by surprise. 
Under the tree, obscured further from any witnesses, the man swung around and dug some pouches out of his pockets. “What do you want then?”
I searched my mind for an answer. “Cocaine,” I said quickly, hoping I had disguised the moment of confusion. I reached into my jacket pocket. “How much?”
“How much do you want?”
“Two pouches.”
“Eighty,” he responded.
We both took a step towards each other as I reached into my jacket. He thought I was reaching for my wallet. His face tautened with shock and disbelief when I brought out a knife instead. Before he could make a move, I plunged the knife into his neck. Blood gushed from the wound. He clutched at his throat and held his hand up as if to shield himself. I pulled the knife out of his neck and struck him again. This time the knife penetrated his chest.
I watched as he swayed on the spot momentarily, then collapsed heavily to the ground. Trembling, I knelt down beside him, dipped my finger into his wound, and inscribed the symbols on his face. I was almost pushed aside as my master reached for the man’s corpse, more eager than usual to feed. I turned my back to him, and listened, and waited. 
Ten minutes later, he touched my shoulder. I winced but he didn’t appear to notice.  “Tonight, I will be strong enough to exist in your world,” he whispered into my ear. “You can enter the closed room now.”



There are a number of ways for demons to enter our world. 
In many cases, they’re already here amongst us. Not just in hidden or isolated places, places that have been forgotten over time but hold a bloody history – a forest, a cave, a building allowed to fall into ruin. They also hide in normal household residences, either conjured deliberately, or brought in somehow by unwitting former inhabitants. They hide. Time means nothing to them, and they wait. Wait until the right person comes along so they can attach themselves to that person. That’s what happened to me. Someone conjured up my demon, but they didn’t know how to send them back. As I child, I was sensitive enough to be aware of my master’s existence. 
Then there are the blood rituals. The spilling of blood provides the demon and conjurer a powerful potency to work all kinds of magick. The conjurer will invoke the demon for information, or to achieve a specific task. The problem is that it’s relatively brief magick. A blood sacrifice is required every time the demon is invoked. The problem’s also that if the demon isn’t sent back, they continue in a weakened existence in your reality. If they find the right person, a person sensitive enough to be conscious of them, they can still do a lot of harm, and they can find a way to magnify their influence and presence. 
Finally, there’s the rarer full physical manifestation: the visible and palpable presence of a demon free to roam our realm without restraint and to do whatever they want at their absolute potency, not bound by the laws of magick, or the temporary influence of blood rituals.  This is the manifestation everyone should fear. An indestructible living nightmare given flesh to hunt us down and slaughter us like sheep. 
I’ve known this moment was coming since the beginning. I’ve known that every life I took helped my master to collect his strength. But I’ve also known that a tremendous amount of energy is still required for a physical manifestation, and that the murders I committed played just a part in bringing my master’s goal to fruition.   
The closed room. 
The one room in the house I haven’t been allowed to enter for years. I was simply told to empty all the contents out the room, keep the door locked and leave it alone, until it was time to do the final invocation. 
I dropped the bag and I had been holding and placed my hand on the palm of the door. I had never been tempted to enter the room. Knowing what it signified, I had been too afraid. What could it possibly contain that would tip the balance? The time to find out had come. 
I turned the key in the lock, twisted the doorknob, and, with my eyes half-closed, pushed the door open. 
What could it contain?
Corpses. Enveloped by a bruised-red light, corpses in varying stages of decomposition. Bruised, mutilated, withered, severed, piled on top of each other on both side of the rooms, so many the piles almost reached the ceiling. Many were ashen, shrivelled husks with emaciated, collapsed faces that still appeared to stare at me with hollowed eyes. Parts of their bodies had broken off into the piles. Twisted, entangled, broken. Mountains of death collected together.    
Except that they weren’t quite dead. It took me a moment to recover from the shock and realize the truth. They were moving. Against their condition, they trembled, body parts squirmed. The faces were actually staring at me, their mouths twitched as they attempted to speak. 
I recoiled from the room and retched in the hallway. For what seemed like an eternity, I could only stand there, unable to construct any coherent thoughts, unwilling and unable to confront the sight again. 
“Now,” my master’s voice hissed into my ear.
I stiffened, then forced myself to confront the appalling sight in the room again. I should have realized before, but It was only then that it came to me that I was responsible for this. These were my victims. They hadn’t vanished or being reduced to nothing. Whatever had remained of them had been collected into this room. This was the energy required to complete the task. 
Picking up the bag, I took an awkward step inside, then stumbled forwards as I pushed myself further. In the middle of the room, I dropped to my knees. I was surprised that I had no sense of the stench of death – there was a strange odour, but it wasn’t overpowering. Either it had been subdued, or I had somehow grown used to it. 
Opening the bag, I took out the tools for my task: four black candles, chalk, incense, and a long, jagged knife. As the bodies writhed around me, some of them reaching out in vain, I created the circle and marked the symbols on the floor. Then I lit the candles and incense. Finally, I took the knife, and paused for the first time. 
This was it. After tonight, my nightmare would become the world’s nightmare. To be at the mercy of a sadistic brutality sick with the bloodlust for death. To know that death is easy and random for every living person. But humans have committed atrocities themselves, slaughtered thousands because they were simply different. We know that these things have happened and continue to happen, but we will only look as far as our own world because it’s safer, because our own worlds don’t contain the evil we know it exists. Does that mean we’re all living an illusion? Does that make us all culpable, because we choose to look away?
Who are the real monsters? 
I opened my hand in front of me, and cut deep into my palm with the edge of the knife. The blood instantly welled up in the deep wound and spilled onto the ground. Watching, I proceeded with the incantation, first in whispers, repeatedly catching my breath, then loudly and forcibly, my voice rising, almost shouting. In a startling shift of vision, the walls appeared to ripple all-pervasively, and then, across every surface, line fractures emerged; fractures that opened up like sores and oozed a black liquid as I pushed on. 
I had the sensation of the ground slipping away beneath me, rising back, lurching sideways, then slipping away again. A nausea surged through me. Resisting the urge to cling onto something, I brought a hand onto the ground and stooped down to bring my weight on it, trying to find some balance.  But I didn’t stop the chant. I would be punished for it. I couldn’t stop.
I glanced warily around me as the corpses glowed red like embers. I had good reason to be worried. Around me, parts of the corpses burst into flames. Thick, black smoke billowed up to the ceiling and, with nowhere else to go, rapidly filled the room. Choking on the acrid stench, with my eyes half-closed, I only allowed myself a moment before I went on. Somehow, I managed to do it, in short bursts, coughing violently in between. I felt no relief when I finally finished the invocation. I could feel a tension in the air, charged like electricity. I waited to see what would happen next. 
With nothing left to burn, the bodies disintegrated into ashes. The smoke cleared from the air.   
Then the walls slipped away. As though they had never really existed. They were replaced by creatures writhing with and against one another in an ink-black, liquified darkness, caught and entangled in viscous vertical pools. Unnatural creatures thrashing frantically to break free from their prison, repeatedly reaching out to extend themselves beyond the walls – attempts that thankfully failed, because the darkness appeared to pull them back. I couldn’t see their detail, but their shapes were enough to cause me to cower under them, glance at them with half-closed eyes, and pray that somehow my presence was invisible.
But I had to look up as the shape of my master wrenched himself free from the squirming bodies and stepped into the room. As soon as he did so, the darkness that encompassed him rapidly dissolved.
Without a word, he approached me. Despite my body shaking uncontrollably, my heart pounding dangerously in my chest, I still felt relief. It was over, finally over. I wanted to be released. I wanted to die. I nodded as he reached out to me, and waited as his hands clasped my head between them.
And screamed. 
Instead of crushing my head, his skin melded to mine, and his hands lost their shape inside my flesh, burning like searing acid, yet not like acid, merging and fusing with my physical substance at the same time. Convulsing with agony, falling forwards to my knees, I retched onto the floor as his substance penetrated further, surging like liquid, deconstructing every part of me. I could feel my entire body being warped out of shape as it was consumed. My arms hung loosely at my sides like empty sacs as the bones were liquified. Still it went on. Unable to endure anymore, I jerked my head back and screamed again. Then I saw what was happening to him. His own figure was losing shape, caving inwards, collapsing into pieces.
“God,” I cried, and was stifled into silence as the bones in my neck were twisted and shattered. 
I could only pray for it to come to an end. That’s all I had left. As my vision was blinded, I knew my mind would be next. When it came, when I had the sensation of my brain melting, a merciful dark washed over me, overpowering, finally bringing the oblivion, the nothingness, I had wanted for so long.   



I could hear voices.
I opened my eyes, and listened to them. The more I focused on the voices, the more I became conscious of others. The numbers were at their hundreds at first, then thousands, then millions. Then I realized that they weren’t voices at all: these were inner thoughts, the complex workings of the human mind, with its fears, anxieties, needs. 
I raised my hand to my face and studied it, stretched and flexed its muscles. Then my sight went beyond the skin to examine the flesh, the bones and its connections. With my new hand, I stroked my face, and smiled. The convergence had been completed. Two bodies fused together and reborn. Two minds working as one. 
I swayed a little as I climbed to my feet. Fine, it would take a little time to adjust to the mechanisms of this form. I had the time. The four walls had returned. The other world had been banished again. But I was here amongst the lambs. Toys to be played with. Food to feast on. So many of them. So many.
I reached out to a hundred of the minds in my vicinity. I went into their thoughts again. I looked through their eyes. Then I took their lives. Their brains exploded through their eyes. Their bones shattered in their shells. The blood was drained from their bodies. I made sure they stayed alive long enough to experience every sensation before I snuffed out their lives completely.
Nourished by my killings, I grew aware of another realm beyond this one, an unexpected, interesting one. I became aware of…you.
An outside observer? Close the pages, forget, and move on? No one is safe. I can read your mind. I know you better than you know yourself. I know every fear and anxiety you’ve ever experienced. If I wanted to, I could make you relive them all at once, magnify them and make you scream in agony. I can do anything I want to you. Do you understand? You can’t run. You can’t hide. When you least expect it, at any moment, I can come for you. 
Tell me, do you think you’ll survive?  



    



The Hell Beyond



Nothing ever stays dead and buried. 
“It’s him.”
“Are you sure?”
Lowering my head this time, I studied the man’s face as he weaved his way through the busy throng of weekend shoppers, working his way through them calculatingly to reach the other side of the street. The features on his square-shaped face, with its protruding jaw and blockish chin, revealed no emotion, not even a twitch. But the dark eyes were narrowed and focused on their purpose. I knew that if he glanced in my direction those eyes would bore into me, as they did thirty years ago, and I would be paralysed by them, unable to do anything, say anything. 
Was it him?
 “Adrian?”
My mouth went dry. “Yes,” I choked out. “He looks exactly the same.”
Neve placed her hand on my shoulder. “Exactly the same – after thirty years?”
The doubt in her voice was too much. “Yes,” I insisted, “it’s him. It’s definitely him.”
An intruder in the commonplace, the man came to a standstill, and watched the passers-by, just watched them. 
As if I could ever forget that face – as if it were possible to distort the memories. I remembered everything – nothing before, everything before was wiped from my mind – but I remembered every sickening detail about this man and the night I met him, so vivid I would be back in that moment if I closed my eyes, like a virtual reality in my imagination. None of it can be erased, and I always return to it – no matter what I do, no matter how hard I try to forget, the memory is always there, waiting, ready to erase any normality in my existence and any happiness I’ve managed to achieve. Now I only had to look at him to realize I’ve been influenced by death for the past thirty years, and my attempts to live a normal life – even a semblance of a life – have all been utterly pointless. I never stood a chance. 
I’ve never been allowed to forget.
Sometimes I’m back in the village, hiding behind that car, praying I wouldn’t be found as I watched people – ordinary people who never caused anybody any harm – being slaughtered like animals, sobbing as they pleaded for their lives, screaming as they were killed. I can’t forget the expressions on those men’s faces – strangers in our village - as they murdered anybody they came across without the slightest hesitation – callous to the point of detachment, infected with a primal and naked bloodlust, grinning as they snuffed out innocent lives. Even as a child, I knew there could be no reasoning with them, that there were no ulterior motives driving their actions, and no explanation to give sense to the senselessness of their appalling actions.
They were there to kill.  
I was waiting for my turn. These men had cordoned off the village and were systematically working their way through it, hunting and murdering anybody they found – men, women, and children. They wouldn’t stop until they were finished, and the screams were incessant. I didn’t know how to escape, and the fear drained any strength I had to even make an attempt. The fear also blinded my sense of caution – out in the open, I was a sitting target. It was only a matter of time before I was caught. 
A wet, ice-cold hand reached out from behind me and clamped itself over my mouth, stifling the scream that rose from my throat; another hand gripped my arm, and I was dragged back, kicking uselessly at the air, clawing behind me at nothing with my free hand, through one of the doorways of the shops.
In the dark, struggling to grasp what was happening through the blinding panic, it took a moment to realize where I was: the village café. The café belonged to Henry and Martha Bruce. I remembered who owned the place when I caught sight of their lifeless bodies – Henry in the corner with his neck half-severed, sprawled across the ground, his dismembered hand a few feet away from him; and Martha at my side, her arms stretched out, her chest and abdomen gutted, pulled apart, spewing out their internal organs. 
“Don’t scream,” a man’s voice warned behind me. “If they hear you, they’ll come for you and you’ll die like the others. I’m going to let go.”
His hands slipped away. Unable to stand, I dragged myself back on my legs until I came up against a wall, then pulled my knees to my chest and held them tight to stop myself from shaking.
“You can’t stay there.” His shadow slipped over me – he was only inches away. I didn’t want to look up at him. “Are you listening?” he hissed. “You can’t -”
“Are you finished in there?” another man’s voice called out from outside. 
He reached down and shook my arm. “Get into the kitchen,” he ordered, his voice barely a whisper. 
I crawled on my hands and knees through the door into the kitchen. Now I wanted to hide, and I went under the table, huddled there, waiting for – still waiting for – my turn to die. 
“Yes,” he called out. 
“Why are you taking so long?” The voice had grown louder. The man had entered the café.
“They struggled.”
The man laughed. “That’s part of the fun.” He paused. “Everybody dead?”
“Yes,” came the answer. “Everybody’s dead”
I heard their footsteps retreating. Then I heard voices in the distance. It should have occurred to me to find another place to hide, but I didn’t move – my body wouldn’t respond to my commands. Instead, like a fool, I waited – for hours I waited, all the time watching the door, expecting it to open at any moment. I waited until the morning came and the darkness lifted, and I waited until I heard the police sirens. But I still didn’t move.
Then the policemen burst through the door and found me. Trying to reassure me, they tried to coax me out from under the table. When that failed, one of them took hold of my arm and attempted to pull me out. That was when I began to scream and struggle – and I couldn’t stop. I knew I was safe, but I couldn’t stop.
Safe?
My mother was killed that night. I never knew my father. I had to move to London to live with my aunt. Since then I don’t remember a time I’ve ever truly felt safe. The years these men have haunted my nightmares – the countless times, in my dreams, I was dragged into the café to die at their hands. The sleepless nights I spent waiting for the murderers to invade my world again - hiding under the bed, or in the closet, watching, listening, waiting with a gnawing fear for them to find me. As a child, I imagined them lurking outside, making their way through a window, climbing the staircase – a child’s wild imagination conjuring monsters everywhere he turned.
But I didn’t need to imagine them now. This wasn’t my fevered imagination. In the daylight, in my waking world, standing there in front of me – one of the monsters had returned.
“We need to get away.” It was a plea. I could barely hear my voice. I seized Neve’s arm and pulled her back. “We’ve got to -”
The air appeared to shudder around the man as he broke into movement again - a continuous smooth motion, turning, weaving his way through the crowd, his eyes narrowed into slits as he focused his attention on an individual he was following: a woman in her mid-forties, well dressed, with oval, aquiline features, long medium-brown hair tied back - attractive but not someone particularly distinctive from the others around her, not someone you would have immediately thought to select. 
But he had selected her. It was as though she were the only person in the street now. If she glanced back and caught his attention, she would comprehend that there was something wrong with this stranger. 
That she had a good reason to be afraid. 
I couldn’t turn my back on this.
“Neve, go home,” I said, releasing her. “I’m going to follow him.”
“Adrian, no, you can’t,” she pleaded. She grabbed my arm. “Let’s just go home.”
“I’ll call you later,” I said, shaking her off. “Go home.”
“It’s not him,” she insisted. “It can’t be him.” 
The woman stopped to look at some prints in a window display of a gift shop. I had a moment before she moved on again. “Then there’s nothing to worry about,” I answered hastily – a clumsy attempt to reassure her.
“But you think it’s him,” she continued. “I don’t want you doing anything foolish.”
“I won’t. I promise. You can see he’s following that woman – I just want to make sure she’s safe.”
“And if she isn’t?”
“I’ll call the police.” The woman started moving. The man followed. “Neve, it’s okay. I’ll call you later.”
“Adrian, please.”
But I couldn’t stop. Steadying my breaths, labouring against the same inertia that had crippled me on the night of the massacre, I followed the man through the maze of oblivious pedestrians, maintaining enough distance to allow me to hide if he turned around. No, not my imagination. He was following this woman – his gaze never left her as he pursued her through the streets, like a predator chasing its prey. He meant to harm her. Would anyone around her be harmed as well – her family if she had one? Would the man’s friends join him? 
Was it happening again?
The woman turned into a residential road and came to a stop at a block of flats. The man slowed down and watched her. On the opposite side of the main road, I took out my phone and pretended to use it as I watched him, and, beyond him, two children and another man who came out to greet the woman. A family. She had a family. If I was right, they would all die. In my mind, I could already see the man sneaking into the alley at the side of the flats with his friends, breaking in to slaughter them and everyone else that lived there. When the man started into life and walked away down the road, I knew it wasn’t the end. I remained where I was. Should I call the police? Would they believe me – when Neve hadn’t believed me, would they believe me? I didn’t know. The only option was to wait and see what happened. 
The man hadn’t aged. Neve was right. I didn’t understand it, but I was certain it was him. His image was imprinted on my mind – every detail burned deep, as raw today as it was on that night. It was him.  
I couldn’t let it happen again. 



Past midnight. 
I had chosen to hide behind some bins at the back of the alley alongside the flats. It afforded me a clear view of the entrance. There had been nothing unusual since the man left, but I hadn’t expected there to be. I was certain the next time he came back it would be to make his move. It suddenly occurred to me that I was defenceless. I had planned to call the police on the instant I spotted them. But what if I was discovered? I had to protect myself. 
I scanned my surroundings. Failing to find anything on the ground that could help, I opened up one of the recycling bins, and spotted an empty wine bottle. I took it out. Holding it by the neck, I smashed the bottom carefully against the wall. The bottom part exploded. The part I held had enough sharp spikes to cause damage. I took a step towards my hiding place, and shuddered to a stop as a scream came from inside the building. In seconds, another one followed. Then there was a cry for help. 
For a moment, I could only stand there, stunned, staring at the building with disbelief. How had they entered without me noticing them? It wasn’t possible. I should have been able to see them. By the time the police arrived, it might be too late to save anyone. I had to act this time.
I rushed towards the entrance of the building. Through the glass in the centre of the door, I caught sight of a man in a suit. Hiding my weapon inside my jacket, I knocked on the door to get his attention. His expression before he turned to face me was enough to warn me about him. He must have heard the screams, the cries for help, inside the building.
But he had been smiling.
“Can I help you?” 
I forced a grin on my face. “Sorry, mate, I forgot my keys. Can you let me in?”
He eyed me curiously for a moment, then approached the door. I noticed he had one hand behind his back. “Yes, of course.” 
My grip tightened on my weapon as I waited. It took all my effort to sustain the expression on my face. The door opened. He gestured to me to enter. Nodding, with calculated steps, I went inside. “Thanks.”
He didn’t say anything. I waited until I heard the door close, then, taking out my weapon, I swung around. I was just in time. He held a knife in his hand and had been ready to use it. I had the element of surprise, seconds to act, and, without allowing myself to think, I thrust the broken bottle into his stomach. Gasping, he stumbled back against the door with one hand clamped against the wound. Blood gushed through his fingers. But even then I didn’t give him the chance to retaliate. I struck him again, this time piercing his neck. Staring at me with shock, he collapsed to the ground. 
Regret? Guilt? I steadied myself against a wave of nausea that made me want to retch, but there was nothing else. I had been living with death for most of my life. This was the moment I’d been waiting for. 
I noticed a fire alarm box. Bracing myself, I smashed my fist into the glass. As the fire alarm sounded, I heard doors opening, anxious voices. I prayed their predators wouldn’t have thought to guard the fire exits, and that on hearing the alarm, their first thought would be to get away. 
“Stay away from us!”
A woman’s voice. It was followed by frantic sobs. It came from one of the flats on my level. I hurried down a passage towards the flats, and caught sight of a door that had been smashed open. I kicked it the rest of the way in, entered, and froze as I stood face to face with the man whose eyes I had been afraid to look into again. Behind him was a woman cowering in the corner with her child. He scowled at me. “What the hell are you doing here?”
Before I could recover from the shock, even think of my next response or action, he turned his back to me. 
And everything changed.
The air rippled in front of him, as though it had become visible and liquified. I can only describe what happened next as a kind of rupture in the fabric of reality, an opening into another world tearing wide to give a glimpse of another reality inside: radiating an ashen-red incandescence, a world that appeared off-centre and constantly shifting its perspective, filled with shadows that moved too fast to identify, and shapeless, translucent forms that slithered through the air.
The man glanced back at me. In that instant, I knew I had to act. He intended to escape into this world. If I allowed him to do so, I might never see him again. I couldn’t let him and his companions get away.  
As he reached into the portal, I lunged at him and gripped his arm. I had intended to drag him back, but he was stronger than I had anticipated. I found myself being pulled inside with him. Realizing what was happening, he attempted to wrench himself free, but I refused to let go. I clung to him with every ounce of strength I could muster. Our actions threw us both off-balance and we were both sent tumbling deeper inside.
A moment of blindness caused me to release him. I fell forward on my hands and knees, and almost collapsed completely as the ground shifted unevenly and restlessly beneath me, sliding, lurching. I quickly recovered my sight, but instead of relief I found myself confronting jarring visions. The ashen red I had glimpsed in the portal was ingrained in the air itself, not from a source of light as I had imagined. But it was the things in the air that were far more disturbing. Luminous, translucent slug-like creatures, almost six feet long, weaved their way through the air like water. They appeared sightless, but lipless mouths wiggled open, exposing tendrils within. Above them, the silhouettes of gigantic and horrific forms with billowing limbs dominated the sky.
Then I caught sight of the other inhabitants.
The first I mistook for ordinary people until they moved, only standing still for a moment before they disappeared and appeared in another place in a fraction of a second, then shuddering, appearing to replicate themselves where they stood, one manifestation shifting violently over another, before they came still again. And even then their faces and bodies weren’t quite right, in parts misshapen, stretched to the extreme, as if they were unable to sustain their stability.
Then there were the shadow people.   
I caught the first one at the corner of my eye. There was nothing there when I glanced in its direction, then I saw it again, a better look this time: a flickering, pitch-black humanoid form with narrow but penetrating red eyes. With rapid, jerky motions, it glided towards me, and stooped down as if to take a closer look. An overwhelming nausea washed over me, making me want to retch, disorientating my senses. Tilting its head to the side, the figure reached out.
“Get away from him.”
The shadow figure vanished. In its place stood the man I had followed into the nightmare. “You don’t belong here,” he hissed.
I couldn’t make any attempt to defend myself. I collapsed completely and clung to the ground as the world lurched backwards. The slug-like creatures appeared to notice me at that point. They worked their way in my direction, their mouths agitatedly opening and closing. Another shadow person thrusts its face barely inches away from mine and stared into me. 
“Don’t fight it,” the man ordered. “Close your eyes. Sense your environment first.”
I obeyed. 
“Your mind needs time to make sense of everything, time to adapt so it forms its own perception of the influences here. Everybody sees something different. Some people still go mad. I think you’ll be okay.”
I exhaled with relief as the ground levelled beneath me. I opened my eyes. The creatures in the air were oblivious to me again. The shadow people still moved around me, but I was no longer the centre of attention. I noticed more detail around me now, narrow roads extending in all directions, tall buildings that stretched upwards and appeared to have no end to them.
“It’s only a matter of time before they realize you’re here,” the man went on. “I’ll give you a few minutes to recover and take you back.”
A surge of uncontrollable anger brought me to my feet. “You murdered all of them,” I cried, tears coming to my eyes. “All of them. Men, women, and children. I watched my mother die. I watched you slaughter everyone else like animals. I watched people pleading for their lives. You murdered them. You filthy, murdering bastards.”
His eyes narrowed on me. “I saved your life.”
“I didn’t ask to be saved,” I screamed at him, on the verge of hysteria. “I’ve never been able to escape that night. I wish you’d left me to die. Why me and not anyone else? Why did you save me?”
“Because you’re my son,” he answered quietly, and averted his gaze.
A cold shock went through me. Then came a mixture of rage and disbelief. I clenched my fists. “You’re lying.”
“Why else do you think you were saved?”
“If that’s the case, why did you let my mother die?”
He looked at me again. “I joined them in an attempt to save you both. I didn’t reach your mother in time. You’d escaped. I had to search for you. My only intention that night was to save you both. I didn’t want to kill anyone, but the circumstances forced me into joining them.”
“Who are they?” I demanded. “Who are you? What is this place?”
“They are the Brethren. I’ve gone by many names. Your mother knew me as Stephen.” He paused, deliberating. “This place?” he said, finally. “This is the other reality that lies beneath the surface of your own. We’re the watchers you’re only able to catch at the corner of your eye. We’re the supernatural entities, visible and invisible, that haunt your homes and drive you to death or insanity. We’re the shadow people that terrify you at night and paralyse you in your beds. We’re the whisperers in your mind that cause you to do harm to yourself and others. Disappearances. Freak accidents. Unexplainable events. In most cases, we are the ones responsible.  
We can slip into your world at will, and we do so every day. Your world is a playground for the beings here.”
“Hell,” I whispered.
“A kind of hell,” he answered. He looked at me alertly. “They know you’re here. I have to get you out.”
“Hide me from them,” I demanded. I was surprised by my reaction, that after everything I had been told, I still wanted to hurt them. To kill them for what they’d done. 
“You don’t understand. Your existence here disturbs the equilibrium. You don’t belong.”
“You said other people had come to this place,” I protested. 
“Abducted,” he answered. “To be slaughtered or driven insane. You’re different from them, a part of both worlds. I don’t know how your presence here will affect everything. We’re running out of time.” He looked past me, and grimaced. “Too late.” 
I followed his gaze. In the distance, moving at an impossible speed, a man armed with a knife had just entered one of the roads and was heading in our direction. When I looked back, I saw that another portal had started to open behind Stephen. Within the rupture, I was surprised to catch a glimpse of my living-room. 
“He won’t be the only one. Get ready to go through,” he ordered. “I’ll fight them off.”
He had barely finished the sentence, when the man came, holding a stained, serrated knife. Stephen raised his hand. “It’s okay. I’ve caught him.”
“Why are you opening a portal?” the man demanded.
“I was going to get rid of him,” Stephen explained, feigning innocence. 
“He should be destroyed, not sent back home.” The man turned to me and bent down. He raised the knife. “There’s something wrong with you,” he hissed. “I don’t –”
Stephen brought his clenched fists down onto the man’s head, sending him sprawling to the ground. Quickly recovering, the man jumped to his feet. “I knew it,” he said. He lunged at Stephen and swung the knife at him. Stephen recoiled from the attack, but the edge of the knife caught his cheek. Before the man could strike again, he leapt at him and clutched his throat. His face was set with rage and a steadfast resolve as he forced the man onto his knees. There was a sickening crunch as the man’s neck was broken. Stephen released him and watched the lifeless body slump to the ground. “The portal’s ready,” he said breathlessly. “Go.”
I hesitated as two more men approached. Despite my animosity, it didn’t feel right to abandon the man when he was defending me.  “Come with me,” I pleaded.
Stephen picked up the man’s knife. “I’m not going to spend the rest of my life running. I’m as good as dead anyway.” Staring steadily at the coming attack, he readied himself. “Please, go.”
On either side of him, the two men lunged at Stephen with their knives. The edge of one sliced across the side of his neck. He struck out at one of them. His knife entered the man’s shoulder. In that moment, he was vulnerable to his other attacker. The second man plunged his knife into Stephen’s chest. With a grunt, he collapsed onto his knees. Before he could make any attempt to defend himself, one of them gripped his shoulders and held him to the ground. His head was jerked back. Realizing what was about to happen, I reached out, but it was too late. One of the men swept his knife repeatedly across Stephen’s neck. His head dropped down. His body went limp. The two men released him and turned their attention to me.
I had no choice now. I swung around to face the portal. It was starting to close. Clenching my fists, I hurled myself through. As I entered, a hand gripped my ankle and attempted to pull me back. I kicked it away, but as I tumbled into the living-room, I caught sight of one of the men falling into the room alongside me. Knowing I had seconds to act, I grabbed a glass ashtray from the coffee table, swung around and smashed it against the back of his head. It was enough to disorientate him, but only momentarily. I threw myself at him, seized his wrist and wrestled to prise the knife from his grip. In the struggle, we rolled across the floor, and I found myself looking up at him, the knife inches from my face. 
“Leave him alone!” 
Before I could comprehend what was happening, the man’s whole body convulsed over me. I heard something snap, and his eyes rolled back in his head before he fell heavily beside me. Never looked down at me with a chair in her hands. Throwing the chair aside, she knelt down beside me. 
“He’s one of them?” she asked, glancing anxiously at the man.
“Yes,” I answered, sitting up. “There might be more of them on the way. We have to get out of here.”
“And where will you go?”
Another man entered from the passage. We got to our feet and stood back. His eyes were like slits as he studied us with an unsettling curiosity. His features were grey and skeletal. “Where are you going to run to?” he went on. “Where are you going to hide? We can find you anywhere at any time.” He stepped forward. “Better to get your deaths out of the way now.”
A revulsion overwhelmed me. “You only know how to kill, don’t you?”
“We all need a sport.”
   “Sport? Is that what it is? All the innocent people you’ve slaughtered. How many?”
His lips stretched into a smile. “Too many to count,” he replied. 
“You need to be stopped.”
“Who’s going to stop us?” he challenged, and rushed towards us. Driven by a surge of uncontrollable anger, which extinguished any sense of reasoning or caution in my mind, I did the same and met him halfway. He lunged at me and struck me across the face. The force of the blow caused me to stumble back. Laughing, he struck me again. The blow stung. I found myself stumbling further back. But it was his laughter that galvanised me back into action. I thrust my hand forward and dug my fingers into his eyes. He cried out with rage and pain. I seized the opportunity, reached out and clutched his wrists, threw my head forward and headbutted him in the face.  
“You only know how to destroy,” I shouted at him. “You made my life a living hell. You’re the one who should be killed.”
The air rippled behind him, then ruptured to reveal the other world. Then I sensed it: the connection in my mind to the portal, like a strand of malleable energy. The more I focused on it the wider the portal stretched open. 
I was in control. 
“You’re not going to kill anyone else. Go back to hell.”
With all the strength I could summon, I thrust him forward and released him without warning, sent him sprawling backwards into the portal.
But not all the way.
I lost my focus on the connection in my mind as he went through the portal. It closed as he went through, slicing through his stomach. When the portal vanished, the remaining part of the man fell to the floor, spilling blood and entrails.
“Oh my god,” Neve said, looking away with disgust. 
I noticed the other man had gone. Inexplicably, I knew he had returned to his realm. 
I understood everything now.   



Another one?
I slid the knife into the holster on my leg and pulled my trousers back down over it.
It’d been some time since their last visit. After they’d suffered so many losses, I had hoped they’d think twice about coming back. Never mind. Obviously I needed to make sure they got the message this time. 
I put one of the guns in my jacket pocket, the other in the back of my jeans. Then I stared into the mirror. My consciousness reached out to the presences of the intruders. They were only a few miles away. Maybe it was another attempt to kill me, not to hunt down and slaughter more innocents.
Either way, they were going to regret ever crossing the threshold.
I was the hunter now.  



The Remnants



Please.
One more time. Then she would stop – just one more time, that was all. 
Their voices rang through the house. Lisa took in a breath to steady herself, and smiled as her children entered the kitchen. She turned to them and placed the bowls on the table.
“Mum, tell Robbie to stop pushing me!”
“I’m not pushing you.”
“Mum –”
“Come on you two,” she said, with a catch in her voice, watching as they sat down and poured the cereals into the bowls.  “You don’t want to be late for school.”
“Can we watch Frozen after School,” Amy pleaded.
Lisa laughed. “Yes, of course you can.”
“I don’t want to watch that,” Robbie said. 
“You’ll watch what you want tomorrow,” she promised. 
Tomorrow?
The thought lingered too long in her mind. Her hand brushed against Amy’s as she handed her the milk – skin as cold as ice. “Today – today we’ll watch – watch Amy’s movie.” The words tumbled out.  Tears stung her eyes. “We’ll watch the movie after dinner.”
“Thanks, Mum.”
The smile on Amy’s face pushed out the thoughts in her mind. Lisa took her hand. “I love you,” she whispered. She took Robbie’s hand as well. “I love you both.”
“What’s with all the sad faces?”
Lisa looked up. Grinning, Greg entered the kitchen. He yanked at his tie. “Bloody thing. Can you –”
She nodded and stood, braced herself as he came forward. “You’re wearing the tie I bought you for Christmas,” she said, pleased. 
“Why so surprised?” 
“I didn’t think you liked it.”
He kissed her cheek. Her eyes fluttered to a close, then flew open with an overwhelming dread. Struggling to breathe, she pulled his tie around his neck and hurriedly adjusted it. As he waited, he grabbed a piece of toast from the table and munched his way through.  “Are you going to book the holiday today?”
The muscles in her face tensed. “Yes,” she answered. 
“Can’t wait to get away from it all.” He paused. “Are you okay?”
He had noticed. Cautiously, she kissed him on the lips. He returned the kiss. Not wrong – everything could be okay again with these moments. “Yes,” she said, unable to resist the urge to touch his face. 
“Daddy, we’re going to be late for school,” Amy cried. 
Nausea knotted her stomach. “Don’t go.” Her voice was breathless. She wanted to scream.
Greg laughed. “Mummy wants us to bunk off work and school.”
“Don’t go,” she pleaded, louder this time. She clutched his arm. Her hand went through him. “Stay!”
“Daddy, we’re going to watch my movie,” Amy said, putting on her coat. 
“No, we’re not,” Robbie said, jabbing at her with his finger. 
“Daddy, make him stop.”
“Hey, stop,” Greg ordered. 
Lisa trembled as he kissed her. The children reached up – automatically, she bent down to kiss them. “No,” she pleaded. “I won’t let you go.”
She rushed to block their path before they could leave the kitchen, and shuddered as they passed through her – physical pulsations shifting through her skin and flesh. Involuntarily, she watched them open the front door, and followed them out into the street. “Greg,” she yelled. “Don’t go. Listen to me!”
They climbed into the car. The doors closed. When they waved goodbye, she couldn’t stop herself. Lisa bolted to the car and pulled at the door handles, her feet dragging forward across the ground with the effort. “Open the door” she pleaded. “Please.”   
But the past had them now. Grinning, they looked ahead. She was forced to let go as the car drew away, and in the distance, in the opposite direction, she heard the other vehicle coming, swerving around the corner into the road, screeching, careering from side to side as the drunk at the wheel struggled for control. 
She reached out. “Come back,” she yelled. “You’ve got to –”
The screams pierced the air as the cars collided. Every time she heard them they threw her back. This time she couldn’t look at the scene, not when she couldn’t do anything. Turning, stumbling, she returned to the house and slammed the door shut. 
Tears streaming down her face, she made her way into the living-room. The curtains were closed. The suitcase she had packed some months ago with thoughts of leaving still stood in the corner of the room. A frozen image flickered on the television screen. Lisa sat rigid on the edge of the sofa, then took the remote control and resumed the video – the last family holiday they had taken.
How many times would she have to relive their deaths? There had to be a way to save them. The haunting allowed variations, but it always took control in the end and drove the moment to its conclusion. But she couldn’t give up – she couldn’t leave. One day she would find the answer. One day she would take control and save them, and they would be together forever.
One day.  
“Please,” she whispered to the laughing faces on the screen.



Miasma



“You’re firing me?”
Marian shifted uncomfortably in her seat and stared steadily down at the papers in front of her. Refusing to make it easier for her, Kate’s gaze was unwavering, her anger unrestrained and visible. 
“We’re letting you go.”
“Letting me go?” Kate repeated angrily. “That sounds like you’re doing me a favour. Just say it, you’re firing me. I’ve given ten years to this place. All the extra time I’ve put in. All the clients I’ve got for you.”
“Yes,” Marian said, still refusing to look at her. “We appreciate everything you’ve done for the company, Kate. We really do. But you have to admit you’ve been off your game for a while now. You’ve made mistakes.” 
Heat rose to her face. “Things have been…difficult recently,” she responded, struggling for the words. “I just need time –”
“But you’ve had time, Kate, and things are getting worse, not better.”
The anger returned. “So who are giving my position to?” She could already guess the answer. She just needed it to be confirmed.
For once, she needed to be wrong. 
Marian sighed. “Does it matter?”
“Considering I’ve been doing the job for the past ten years, yes, damn it, it does matter. I have a right to know.”
“Mila.”
“Mila,” Kate spat out. “I should have known. I bet she’s already rearranging my desk.”
Marian finally looked up. “I don’t know why you have this grudge against Mila. She’s never said a bad word about you. If you had any idea how much she’s defended you –”
“Mila can do no wrong at the moment, can she?” Kate went on, unable to stop herself. “Perfection personified. I suppose I’m the pariah you want to push out.” She rose from her seat and walked to the door. “Well, I’m finished with her and I’m finished with you. I’ll get my stuff and go.” 
“Kate, please –” 
She couldn’t speak another word and as she threw open the door and slammed it shut behind her. Carol had been waiting in the corridor. “What happened?” she asked, hurrying towards her. 
The tears came now, clouding her vision, stinging her eyes. “I’ve been fired,” she answered, wiping them away with the back of her hand, still unable to believe what had happened. “After everything I’ve done for this place.”
“Fired?” Carol shook her head. “I can’t believe it. I expected Marian to be more supportive. She’s changed.”
Kate looked down. “And I thought we were friends. Seems she has a new friend.”
Carol wrapped her arm around hers and led her to the lift. “Mila?”
“Yes,” she exhaled, with frustration. “Why is it that she’s always there when things go wrong for me, either to see me fall or benefit?”
“Come on, Kate,” Carol said. “Mila doesn’t hold any resentment towards you. In fact, she’s been quite concerned about you recently. Whatever happened with Greg –”
“I know she hasn’t forgiven me,” Kate insisted. “Is it my fault that Greg chose me first? I didn’t steal her boyfriend. I didn’t even know she was interested in him at the time.”
“But Greg left you for her,” she responded. “If anybody should feel resentful, it’s you.”
“Their relationship didn’t last long though, did it? Either it was enough to take him away, or she wasn’t happy being second. All I know is that since then she’s had it in for me.”
“You can’t blame Mila for everything that’s happened,” Carol countered, pressing the lift button. “You’ve had a streak of bad luck, that’s all. It’s made you sensitive and superstitious.”
“Yes, it is getting to me,” Kate admitted. “When are thing’s going to get better?” Sighing, she stepped forward as the lift door slid open, and found herself stepping into air, reeling on one foot, gazing down at an empty space as she lost her balance and plunged down –
“Kate!”
Someone grabbed her arm and pulled her back, with a force that sent her falling to the ground. It took a moment to absorb the shock, for any thoughts to form in her mind, or to even be able to speak. When she recovered, she looked around. Carol knelt beside her. A crowd had gathered around them. She looked past them at the exposed lift shaft, the empty space that had been waiting for her. “Who pulled me back?”
“I did,” Carol answered. “I’m so relieved you’re okay. God, Kate you’re lucky. If I hadn’t pulled you back –” She faltered, unable to complete the sentence. “You’re so lucky,” she said again.
“Yes,” Kate whispered. “Lucky.”



The noise.
“I’m fine, Carol.” She could barely hear her. She pressed her cell phone harder against her ear.
“Are you sure? I can come over.”
“Just got a slight headache. I think I’ll have an early night and try to sleep today off. Got to go. My train’s coming.”
Kate put her cell phone away, and winced as the chatter around her climbed again, harsh, incomprehensible, jarring. The throbbing pain in her head sharpened, like a knife being twisted in her skull. Pressing her fingers against the side of her head, she attempted to distract herself by focusing on the approaching train. It screeched like an animal in agony as it entered the platform. A thick nausea washed through her. “God,” she said under her breath, barely conscious of herself pushing past the people in front of her and hurrying onto the train before the doors had fully opened.
There weren’t many people on the train. She found a seat. Breathing deeply in an attempt to soothe the pain, she searched her mind for more distractions. Distractions that didn’t involve being fired, freak accidents, or the various misfortunes she had experienced over the past year. 
Or Mila.
“God sees you for who you really are. You can’t hide from Him. You can’t run.” 
Kate glanced hastily in the direction of the voice. At the end of the carriage, stood a tall, thick-built man, dressed in a heavy cargo jacket and soiled jeans, with dishevelled features, an unkempt beard and greasy shoulder-length hair. With a bible in one hand, which he held up as though God himself had appointed him as His speaker, he stared down at his reluctant audience. Determined not to make eye contact, she got her phone out again, busied herself by looking at old messages. Home, she needed to get home. To wish the day away. To think about her future.
“He sees everything you’ve done, all your crimes, your perversions, your diseases. A sickness. You’re infecting each other. The world is rotting with your sins. You think you can commit any wickedness you desire and a price won’t be paid for it. You think you won’t be judged.” 
The lights in the carriage flickered. Something with an indistinct, distorted shape, no larger than a young child, scuttled hurriedly across the roof and jumped out of sight. Startled, she looked up. Nothing, her imagination was playing tricks on her. But there was another detail that wasn’t her imagination. 
The commuters on the carriage were staring at her, openly and steadily, with an inexplicable but unmistakeable animosity. On the opposite side, a couple exchanged harsh whispers, stood up, and moved to the other end of the carriage. Unsure what to do, she fidgeted uncomfortably under their stares. There wasn’t any reason for them to behave like this towards her. Why was she drawing attention to herself? Hesitantly, unsure what she expected to see, she threw her sight to the window opposite her, and barely managed to stifle the scream that rose in her throat. An effort that choked her breath and made her dig her nails painfully into the palms of her hands.
Her face but not her face. Mutilated and defiled. Her forehead had been marked with a cross, a smudge that might have been done with a finger. Part of her lower lip had been ripped away to expose her ruined, misshapen teeth. The same had happened to the eyelids of one eye and a good part of the cheek below it. The bone beneath was exposed, making her appear almost skeletal. But not dead. As she moved, the image did the same, refusing to return her to normal. 
Behind the mirror image, the aberration she had glimpsed on the roof crawled over the window and stretched out –
Kate jumped from her seat. As she swung around to search for the creature, she caught her reflection in the glass of the connecting door: her face had returned to normal. Doubting herself, she looked around the carriage. Nothing that didn’t belong. And the commuters were oblivious to her presence. 
Until now.
“You don’t like what you hear?” the preacher cried hoarsely, pointing at her, approaching. “I can see you don’t. He knows what you are. I know what you are. You’re one of them. You have the mark.”
Her heartbeat pounded. A climbing anxiety, pushing her on the verge of panic, threatened to overcome her as she lowered her head, steadied her movements to give the impression of calm, and swung around to the nearest door. The next stop was minutes away. Soon it would be over.
But he wasn’t going to be ignored.
“You can’t run or hide,” he shouted, grabbing her shoulder and forcing her around to face him, standing only inches from her, his rank, hot breath on her face. “He wants you to be destroyed.”
Before she could move away, he lurched forward and clutched her throat, thrust her against the wall and tightened his grip. Their eyes met. In that moment, looking into his glazed eyes staring sightlessly into her own, as though he had no control over his actions, she knew that he meant to kill her. 
 Choking, she attempted to prise his fingers away, then scratched at his hands. Neither attempts had any effect. She reached inside her handbag, searched frantically amongst its contents for something that could be a weapon. Finding her keys, she thrust them into his eyes. He cried out with pain and released her. The train stopped and the doors slid open. Stumbling out of the doors, holding her throat, she reached out to an attendant. “Help me” she pleaded. He rushed forward. “Someone just tried to kill me.” She pointed at the carriage. Her attacker had fled. The commuters on the carriage stared curiously at her, inexplicably unperturbed by what had happened. It was then she realized, with a mixture of disbelief and shock, that not one of them had made any effort to help her. 



Home.
Kate closed the door and bolted it. The gnawing dread she had been unable to rid herself of since the attack on the train made her double check the lock to make sure it was secure. Even then she didn’t trust it to protect her.
Later, in the shower, the tears came. She closed her eyes and let the stream of water flow over her, pleading to it to cleanse her of everything that had happened, wash it all way, all the events of the day, the hurt and fear.  For the past year, it had been one thing after another. She had persuaded herself that things would get better. Instead, they had grown from bad to worse. How could she fight events she had no control over and seemed to be mainly just random misfortunes? She didn’t have the strength anymore. She was afraid of what would happen next.
She didn’t know how much more she could take. 



The train.
Finding herself back again, the muscles in her body went rigid and her hands gripped the armrests. Glancing up, another fear was realized as she caught the hostile stares of the commuters. But this time the hatred suffused and tautened their features. Their eyes were tainted with a darkness, almost narrowed into slits. As they stared, the preacher, at the other end of the carriage, hurled abuse at those around him, with less restraint, with threats of death and punishment. 
Despite the palpable substance of her surroundings and the unsettling sensations, she knew it was a dream. After what had happened, she would never allow this situation to arise again. But if it was a dream, what could she do to free herself? Glancing up again hastily, she saw the train pass a station without stopping; she only sighted a fleeting glimpse of the signage and the commuters waiting on the platform. 
“You don’t like what you hear?” 
“No,” she pleaded. 
With a judder, the preacher made his way towards her. Left with no choice, Kate rose unsteadily from her seat. The carriage erupted with inhuman, bestial shrieks as the commuters leapt from their seats and lunged towards her. For a moment, she reeled from one direction to another, until they surrounded her completely, reached out and seized her limbs, simultaneously pushing and pulling, holding her to the spot, making any attempt to escape impossible.
“Do you see the mark?” the preacher screamed at them. “Kill her. Kill her.”
“Wake up,” she cried out to herself.
Shrieking uncontrollably, they struck out at her. One blow caught her on the side of the head, throwing her neck back painfully. Then came another, and another. 
“Wake up.”
A sharp object pierced her arm, dug into skin and flesh as it was twisted in the wound. Someone clamped their hand over her mouth. More hands seized her throat.
“Wake up.”
Convulsing from the nightmare, she woke up to find herself in her bedroom, her skin coated with a cold sweat, her body shaking uncontrollably. Any relief she might have felt was stifled in seconds; instead, she stared deliberately ahead, afraid to throw her sight any further. The pain in her arm remained, acute and excruciating; as in the dream, the sensation was of a sharp instrument being twisted in the wound. Another unmistakeable sensation was of someone holding her arm. At the edges of her vision, they were vague but she could discern enough detail to know there was something wrong. They were the size of a young child. Their shape was strangely distorted, yet she distinctly felt hands on her arm, their fingers rubbing against her skin.
Another dream?
Kate winced as the pain intensified. If she challenged the nightmare again, she would wake up. Wasn’t that how it worked? Cautiously, jerkily, she twisted her head to the side and confronted the intruder.
There was nothing human about it. A deformed thing with bulbous, wrinkled ashen-pink flesh. It did have hands, almost human in shape, but with longer extended fingers that curled inwards. It had four arms and four hands, nothing that looked like legs or feet. It had a fleshy face that bulged unevenly. Its mouth was triangular with rows of small, sharp teeth on each side that closed over each other. The thing’s eyes were rounded and lidless; thick veins stretched over blood-red pupils.  
Sitting on the side of the bed, the creature held onto her arm with its upper hands, chewing hungrily at her wound, eagerly lapping up the spill of her blood with its pointed tongue. 
With a scream, she wrenched herself free from the creature and recoiled from the bed. Uttering a high-pitched squeal, then what sounded like a giggle, it jumped onto the ground and scrambled out of sight.
Kate stumbled out of the room and slammed the door shut behind her. Unconsciously, she moaned as the doorknob slowly turned. She had to get out of the house. Spinning around to the staircase, she rushed down the steps. But as she reached the front door, the silhouette of a figure suddenly appeared through the tinted glass. Shaking her head with disbelief, she had no choice but to stop.
Whoever was there, they didn’t ring the bell. Instead, they busied themselves with the door. “Who’s there?” she called out. “I warn you, I’m calling the police. Go away.”
The figure paused, then went out of sight. Before she could tell herself it was over, she heard a low but distinct scraping sound from the living-room. Feeling as though she were wading through water, calculating every step, she entered the room and directed her gaze towards the source of the sound. The windows. Now she could see the person’s silhouette through the curtains. 
As she approached the window, the desperate thought that it could still be a dream crossed her mind. Nothing that had happened could be described as normal. It didn’t seem possible for one extreme nightmare to follow another, as though they were all part of a deliberate attack, a game designed for her to lose, with an opponent anticipating her moves, one step ahead every time.
A dream?
Her hand shook as she gripped the inner sides of the curtains. Unable to breathe, she pulled them aside. 
Only hours ago, she had wondered how much more she could take. When her breaking point came, when she saw the preacher at her window, attempting to prise it open with a knife, all the time staring sightlessly ahead at her, she lost control completely. When she screamed this time, she couldn’t stop. Even when he disappeared again. Collapsing onto her knees, she couldn’t stop. 



“Thank you. I’ll tell her.”
Kate listened as Carol ended the telephone call and continued to busy herself in the kitchen. Curled up on the sofa in an old bathrobe Carol had found for her, she gazed around her friend’s apartment as she waited, relishing the warmth, silence, and normality. Here, in this place, it was hard to believe anything had happened. 
“You better drink this,” Carol said, entering the room. She placed the tray of tea and biscuits on the coffee table, then handed her a mug. Kate sniffed at it. “A good dose of brandy,” she said, grinning. 
  She took a sip. Then, with a sigh, she looked at Carol. “What did the police say?”
“They searched your house from top to bottom. They didn’t find anything. They are trying to find the man who attacked you though. They’ll be in touch if anything happens.”
Tears came to her eyes. “I can’t go back home while he’s out there.”
“Then you stay here until you can go back,” Carol reassured her, placing her hand on her shoulder. “I know you’ve had an awful time, Kate. I promise you, things will get better.”
She shook her head. “Not if Mila has her way.”
“What do you mean?”
“She wants me dead.”
Carol’s eyes widened. “Are you serious?”
Kate paused. She had surprised herself. Mila hadn’t been in her mind during the experiences, but said out loud the accusation didn’t seem so ridiculous. It solidified the thought in her mind. It made sense. “Yes,” she answered, finally.
“But how could Mila possibly be responsible for the things that have happened to you? Your attacker. The lift. Losing your job. It’s just –”
“Bad luck?” Kate finished for her. “No, I don’t believe that anymore. I’ve almost been killed twice today. And that creature in my room.”
“The police didn’t find anything.”
“I know what I saw,” she insisted, raising her voice. “It’s not just bad luck. I told you before, she hates me. I just didn’t realize how much until today. It’s not enough to steal my job and my boyfriend. She wants me dead.”
“Kate, please think about what you’re saying,” Carol persisted. “How can she be responsible? How could she have caused all these things to happen?”
Kate kept her gaze steady, wanting to see her reaction. “Witchcraft.”
Stunned, Carol couldn’t speak at first. Then she sat down on the opposite side and scrutinised her. “Do you honestly believe in such things?”
“I do now.”
Carol held out her arm to show her the charm bracelet on her wrist. It was an item of jewellery her friend always wore. For the first time, she noticed that some of the charms were symbols.
“My grandmother gave me this,” Carol said. “She believed it would protect me from all harm. I loved my grandmother, but her belief in superstition and the supernatural was obsessive. She was always on guard against the dangers she believed existed. She avoided certain people and certain places. It ruled her life.”
“I don’t understand.”
“My point is,” Carol pushed on, “that we create our own luck. Sometimes we believe so strongly in something we work at a subconscious level to manipulate events to fit in with our beliefs. It’s a self-fulfilling prophecy. And if we believe life will be a certain way, why should it be any different? We’ve destroyed the opportunities for anything else.”
“What if that belief is focused on another person?” Kate argued. “If belief is enough to control your life, then it follows you can control another person’s life.”
“But you’re saying it’s through witchcraft.”
“Yes,” she replied adamantly. “It’s not just freak accidents. The vision of myself on the train. The creature. And it’s more than that. She’s controlling other people, turning them against me.”
“Are you sure that’s not just your perception? You’ve been so stressed.”
“Greg left me for her. And what about Marian? We’ve been friends for years. Yesterday she fired me. No, it’s not just my perception.” 
Carol reached out and held her hand. “I haven’t turned against you. Nothing can come between our friendship.”
“Your friendship is the only thing that’s keeping me sane,” Kate replied. She paused. “I need your help.”
“Anything.”
“I need to know what Mila’s doing tomorrow.”
“Well, she’ll be at work. She wants to go out for a meal after that. I was going to cancel that to be here with –”
“No,” Kate said firmly. “I want you to do it, and I want you to let me know when she leaves you.”
The concern returned to her friend’s face. “What are you going to do?”
Kate lowered her head. “I’m going to find out the truth.” 



Secrets.
A detached Victorian house with bay windows, a garage, and a front and back gardens. An ordinary place you would pass without a second thought, like so many other places, where secrets could be hidden so easily. A deception. An illusion. Behind every closed door and every closed curtain, secrets. How many times had she heard a terrorist or a murderer being described as a friendly or quiet person by their neighbours?  The darkest secrets could hide in the most unassuming places. 
Or people. 
Kate glanced around to make sure nobody was watching before she made her way down the alley alongside the house. Stopping at the door to the garden, she pushed it. It swung loosely against a latch. She dug into her handbag and retrieved one of her credit cards. Sliding the card between a gap in the door, she worked at the latch until it lifted and the door gave way.
Inside the garden, gazing up at the house, she knew what she had to do. Finding a stone that formed part of a circle around a patch of flowers, she went to the kitchen window. With all the force she could muster, she smashed it into the glass. Most of the pain exploded inwards. Glancing around again, she reached in to turn the handle and open the window. 



“I’ll have the salmon. Thank you.” Carol handed the waiter the menu and took a sip at her drink. She suppressed a pang of guilt as Mila smiled at her. “This is lovely. We should do it more often.”
“Yes,” Mila agreed. “I really do enjoy our nights out.” She paused. “How’s Kate doing? I heard about what happened. She’s been through such an awful time.”
“Yes, she has. “I think she needs to take a break from everything, give herself time to recover.”
“Is she staying with you?”
“No,” Carol lied, and wondered why she had felt the need to withhold the truth.
“I feel so guilty about being given her job.”
“You shouldn’t. You were a logical choice.”
Mila looked down. “I think Kate hates me. She’s been behaving so strangely towards me recently.”
Unable to decide whether Mila was digging for information, Carol studied her. Since last night, doubts about Mila had lingered in her mind. At the same time, she felt she was being unfair. 
“I love your bracelet.”
Carol held out her arm. “Oh, thank you. It’s a gift from my grandmother. I wear it all the time.”
“May I look at it?”
Hesitantly, Carol took off her bracelet and handed it to her. Anxiously, she watched as Mila studied the charms. She wanted to snatch it out of her hands.
“I never took you for the superstitious type,” Mila said, softly but with a hint of admonishment.
“I’m not,” she answered,. “I wear it for sentimental reasons.”
“Don’t you have other possessions to remind you of her?”
“Yes.”
“I mean,” Mila went on, “this is such a cheap thing to wear. If you don’t mind me saying so, it’s tacky. You must have other things.”
A wave of nausea washed over her. She couldn’t focus on her thoughts. “Yes,” she responded, taking back the bracelet and putting it in her handbag. “You’re right. I’ll find something else.”
Mila sipped her wine and watched her. “I’d really like to send my regards to poor Kate. Do you know where she’s staying?”



What had she expected to find?
Stifling her frustration, Kate climbed the staircase to the upper floor. There had been nothing unusual in any of the rooms on the ground floor. What if she didn’t find anything to confirm her suspicions?
On the landing, she opened the first door she came to. The main bedroom. There could be something in the drawers. She would check out the rest of the rooms and come back. She pushed the second door open, and, with an exhalation of breath, stared around her with a mixture of surprise and disbelief. 
The furniture had been pushed to the sides of the room. In the centre, a pentagram had been drawn in chalk on the floorboards. Inside the pentagram, there was a large wooden box, with strange engravings around the sides, and decorated with symbols which were entwined into each other on top. Around the box, were black candles, incense, and a long knife with a jagged edge. 
Entering the pentagram, Kate dropped onto her knees. Holding her breath, she opened the box. A chill went through her as she looked down at a crude doll made out of yarn and cloth. There was a long hair wrapped around its neck. It was her hair colour. Under the doll was a silk scarf she had lost, or thought she had lost, months ago; and part of a photo of her from a work party – the others had been cut out. Then she noticed that the doll was stained with a red substance. Blood?
Trembling, she slammed the box shut. What was she supposed to do with this? Take it to the police? Superstition. There was nothing of real substance that could tie Mila in with anything that had happened. She stared down at the box again, and realized there was something else she could do. Hurriedly, she picked up the box, then the knife. There were a few other things she had to find. 



“Yes, she’s staying with me,” Carol said. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you before. It’s just that Kate seems to think that you –”
“Have it in for her?” Mila finished, smiling. “Her behaviour has been so erratic and irrational recently.”
“It’s not fair to blame you,” Carol said firmly. “You haven’t done anything wrong.”
“She needs help.”
“Yes,” Carol agreed.
“She won’t do it by herself.”
“No.”
“Why don’t you call her mother?”
“Yes,” Carol said, without thinking.      



Kate looked down at the new contents in the box, wondering if she had done enough. She had found a photo of Mila in the living-room, a strand of hair from her hairbrush, a necklace in one of the drawers. As she had made a new doll, she had imagined it to be Mila, there had been nothing else in her mind. But was it enough? What about the blood? She took the knife. Holding her hand over the doll, she pressed the edge deep into the palm of her hand. The blood spilled onto the doll. A blue bottle fly landed on the doll, worked at the blood until she swatted it away.
“I hate you for what you’ve done,” Kate hissed at the doll. “I hate you and I want you to pay.”



“I’ll ask her to leave when I get home,” Carol said, still struggling to grasp the muddied thoughts in her mind. “I’ll be glad to see the back of her.”
“She hasn’t been much of a friend,” Kate said. “It’s for the –” Her brow furrowed. She coughed and scratched at her throat.
Carol looked at her with concern. “Are you okay?” 
“Yes, I’m fine,” she said hastily, sipping quickly at her wine. Then, with a gasp, she picked up her napkin and coughed into it, harder this time. A mound of wriggling maggots spilled out of the napkin and scattered over the table. Carol kicked back her chair as she jumped up and stood back from the table.
“God, Mila, what’s wrong?”
Mila stared at her with shock and an angry disbelief for a moment. Then, with a shudder, she grasped her stomach. Her hands rapidly reddened as blood streamed through her fingers. Maggots still squirmed in her mouth as she made an effort to mouth something. Failing, shaking her head, she slumped onto the ground.



Kate picked up the phone. She had been waiting for the call. Calmly, she answered it. “Carol?”
“Oh, my god, Kate. Mila’s dead. She’s dead. I can’t believe how it happened.”
“I’ll explain it you later.”
“It was awful, Kate. Awful. I can’t even bring myself to tell you what happened. I can’t believe it,” she said again. 
“I can,” she said. “See you soon.” She ended the call and stared down at the doll.
The power of belief?
She slammed the box shut.  

 





Dead Things



It was worse than she expected.
Nothing could really prepare you for the cold, irrefutable confirmation - the shock of the moment when all doubts and illusions were snatched away to be replaced by a suffocating and onerous grief. The final day for the dead was the beginning for those left behind. This was when the mourning truly began.
Rachel watched silently as the long procession gradually gathered around the graves. It was still raining heavily – it had been raining for most of the day – and as they held their umbrellas over each other, she felt they were closing themselves off from her. They were a close, impenetrable group, and she was not allowed to be part of them. But she understood; she was the one to blame for all this. She had no right to share their grief.
From a distance, hardly feeling the cold or the rain, she held herself as she watched the ceremony. Desperately, she tried to draw some consolation from the priest’s words, but she was only reminded of what she had lost. How could words relieve the gnawing shock and disbelief she still felt? How could words ease the emptiness? There could be no persuasive reason or justification for all this. She just wanted those she had lost back again. She wanted things to be the way they had been before.
She lowered her head as the ceremony finished. The mourners passed her as they left. None of them spoke to her, and she didn’t attempt to speak to any of them. When they had all gone, she took a step towards the graves. But it was too much. Despite the stark reality before her eyes, she still didn’t want to accept the truth. The tears she had tried to suppress clouded her eyes. Falling to the ground, she began to sob uncontrollably.
And then they came. They wrapped their arms around her and took her into their fold. They held her close and tight. Whispering to her, they pressed their faces against hers; they rocked her gently and tried to soothe her as the reality penetrated her consciousness and she began to scream with grief. Holding her even tighter, they drew her away. She didn’t resist. She needed peace. Surrendering, she fell back against them; she hid within them as unwanted memories flooded relentlessly into her broken mind.

Willingly, she lost herself to them, and prayed that she would never recover herself again.



They had left her alone.
It didn’t matter. She had no use for them anymore. She had recovered enough of her sanity to recognise the distant pity they had shown her. Since the day of the funeral they had chosen to keep their distance - not one of them had spoken to her face to face. They hadn’t reached out to her again. They had been a hollow presence offering reserved consolation. Well, she no longer needed the forced solace they had shown her; knowing the contempt they really felt for her, she had no further patience for their cold compassion. She had depended on it in the beginning – it had been her only grasp on her sanity. Now she knew its worth, and she despised it as much as she despised them.
To be left alone; that was what she wanted. With the curtains closed and all the lights off, the outside world didn’t exist anymore. There had been phone calls for a while – incessant phone calls – but then she had ripped the phone cord out. Without day or night, without time, without even sound, she had kept to her bed; cocooned by the bed sheets wrapped around her, drifted in and out of a half-conscious sleep, where dreams with familiar faces waited for her – and she woke up crying. To be left alone; she needed to be left alone.
But there was someone in the house.
Unconsciously, she had been hearing it for some time; agonised, struggling to be heard, the intermittent murmur of a man’s voice from the room next door - their child’s bedroom. There had been so many thoughts running through her mind; broken, disjointed and irrational thoughts that she had been compelled to utter out loud – the man’s voice had been lost in the confusion. But the thoughts had stopped now, and it was there, it was definitely there.
And he had no right to be in her house. It was her house!
Swaying with rage, dragging her breath down her throat, she threw the bed sheets off her, and stumbled unsteadily, heavily, almost blindly, out of the door and into the passage. Fleetingly, it crossed her mind that it might be a burglar. But she didn’t care. There was too much rage inside her to care, and she was already giving voice to her rage when she pushed the door open.

The room had changed; everything had changed. Her child’s bed, the cartoon wallpaper they had taken days to put up, the toys that had filled the room – they were gone. Instead, the walls were covered with stained, faded wallpaper which was peeling off the walls at the edges; heavy pine furniture took up most of the space and dominated the room; and ingrained in every aspect was a gloom that seemed almost indelible.
And there was the bed.
Any rage she felt was dissipated at the sight of the frail, withered form that lay there, struggling to breathe but hardly moving, clearly so weak he was unable to move. It was a sight that instantly aroused pity in her; but it was also impossible. She was curious now. Expecting the incongruous vision to vanish at any moment, she moved cautiously closer and looked down at him. He saw her. His eyes widened with shock.
“Who are you?” he whispered.
He had asked the question she had wanted to ask him. Still unable to believe he was real, she reached out her trembling hand to touch the bed.
They both screamed at the same time.
They were pulled apart from each other. An invisible force swept over her like a wave; it was as cold as ice, and she shuddered involuntarily as it continued to move in ripples through the air. It was palpable - she was unable to resist as she was carried along with it. The man – the whole room – simultaneously moved away from her; she was thrown into a world of constantly changing visions of the familiar and unfamiliar; intrusive, pulsating, all-consuming visions which stole all sense of her physical body.
And suddenly she found she was no longer in the bedroom.
It was the materialisation of a memory that had burned every detail of itself into her mind. She was making her way down the staircase, struggling to see through the thick, billowing smoke which choked her every time she drew breath. She knew what was coming. She knew what was about to happen –
“Mama!”
A tremulous moan of revulsion and disbelief fell from her lips. She shook violently with the next step, and then couldn’t go any further – it was too much. Not again, she pleaded inwardly, her body leaning backwards. She struggled to persuade herself it wasn’t real; but the smoke stung her throat with each breath, and the searing heat was beginning to burn her skin. It was real. It was happening again!
“Mama!”
Knowing what was about to happen, she could feel her heart pounding as she stumbled blindly forwards. The cry had come from the living-room. She couldn’t see anything through the door; the thick smoke obscured everything.
“Amy,” she screamed out frantically.
“I can’t get out. Help me!”
“Stay where you are,” she ordered. “I’m coming!”
The words she had spoken before; they were exactly the same words she had spoken before. Tears began to stream down her face. “I don’t want to,” she pleaded faintly.
“Mama!”
The voice jolted her from her hesitation. She couldn’t just stand there and watch. She had no choice. With clenched fists, she threw herself through the door; and felt the explosion from somewhere inside the room throw her whole body forcibly back through the door and against the wall in the passage. Her head struck the wall first; she could taste blood as her twisted form slumped to the ground.
She couldn’t move. Sitting with her back against the wall, she could only watch helplessly as the flames spread into the passage; and she could only listen to the cries for help as her sight rapidly darkened. Her strength was draining away from her. She opened her mouth to cry out for help; the sounds were stifled as they climbed up her throat. She could hardly focus her thoughts now. There was nothing she could do.
I’m sorry, she whispered inwardly, and everything slipped away from her.



Sooner or later, it was going to stop. It couldn’t go on forever. Nothing could go on and on forever. She had to endure and be patient. It was going to stop.
“Mama!”
Shuddering with revulsion, she pulled the bed sheets over her head. A strangled cry escaped from her mouth as she curled into herself and wrapped her arms around her knees. But she couldn’t hide. The house had become a part of her now, and so every sound jarred harshly into her hearing, and every movement crawled through her with a violating, almost palpable sensation.
Nothing was hidden now.
“Mama!”
“I can’t help you,” she cried out desperately, pulling the bed sheets off her and sitting up in the bed.
“Mama!”
“I can’t help you,” she screamed, her body shaking violently. “I can’t – “
Her words were stifled as another low but distinct sound crept through to her from the bedroom next door – an insistent scratching, something heavy falling to the ground, and then beginning to drag itself across the ground. She knew what – who – was coming; she could hear him straining and gasping for breath as he struggled to push himself forward.
The door.
The realization that there was no key on the door threw her into a panic verging on hysteria. She was galvanised into action. She heard him coming out into the passage as she rushed to the door. Frantically, she made an effort to push the chest of drawers beside the door across it; but it was far too heavy – it refused to move. As the door shook and the doorknob began to turn, she twisted around with a shudder and held her back against it. It was futile. Her body sank convulsively to the ground as he repeatedly thrust against the door. He was too strong. This wasn’t the frail and elderly man she remembered – he was steadfastly exerting himself beyond his endurance.
The door began to open. She screamed as his hand came through the gap and clutched hold of her arm; without thinking, she pulled the rest of him through the door as she shrank away with terror and revulsion, and suddenly he was bent over her, his hands repeatedly reaching out to her as she tried to pull herself away. He was as cold as ice; she could feel the sharp cold in the air around him.
“Help me,” he pleaded hoarsely, his countenance suffused and twisted with agony.
“No,” she screamed maniacally. Her back came up against the wall as she recoiled from him again. Digging his nails into the carpet, he dragged his emaciated body across the ground; and she felt the cold emanating from him enclose her as he came over her. It’s not real, she whispered inwardly, as his trembling hand touched her face. But she could feel his breath; she could feel his skin.
“Help me!”
In a sickening shift, the palpable became impalpable. His twisted face penetrated her consciousness and burned into her mind. There were gnawing thoughts streaming inside her head – but they weren’t her thoughts. The world around them rocked back and forth before; and she could only feel relief as an impenetrable black quickly smothered everything around her and engulfed her consciousness.
Where was she?
The room had changed; the man was gone. It gradually came to her as her awareness of her surroundings grew. This was the room where she had found the old man. But there was something horribly wrong. There was one change.
She was the one in the bed.
In a half-conscious stupor, her thoughts were sluggish and struggled to find coherence. Making an effort to rise from the bed, she immediately sank back down again as a sickening nausea washed over her and made her crave sleep. It was then she grew aware of a dull but constant, slow-throbbing pain in her chest and abdomen.
“Help me,” she whispered.
There was someone in the room with her. Her vision was blurred, and at first all she could discern was a figure composed of shadows moving about. Whoever it was, they chose to ignore her plea; silently, with an unmistakable urgency, they moved about the bedroom. They were searching for something. Although her vision obscured the detail, she could hear drawers opening and been rifled through, objects been pushed impatiently aside.
“Who are you?” she choked out.
And suddenly they were looking down at her. It was a man in his early twenties. Tension tautened his face, but there was the barest trace of a smile on his lips. His eyes gleamed with familiarity, but there was no compassion or warmth.
“Who are you?” she said again.
His face convulsed with contempt. Before she could say anything else, he lifted a pillow over her; he wanted her to see it in his hands. A feeble moan crept from her lips as he thrust it down onto her face. Blindly, she reached out to try and push him away, but she was too weak to have any effect, and it only made him press the pillow down harder.
This wasn’t her death, but she could feel the pillow pressed against her mouth; she was the one struggling for breath. But this wasn’t her death. This –
The sight was ripped away from her. For a moment, she was sure she had been blinded; but then another sickeningly familiar vision bled into the dark before her eyes.
“Mama!”
She shook her head with shock and held herself as she stood in front of the door again. Tears welled in her eyes. The past would always come back to her. There was no choice – she had no choice. She hurled herself through the door; and felt the explosion throw her body against the wall again. But something had changed; she felt it as she sank into unconsciousness.
She knew the truth now.



Dead things caught in the fragment of a past that would never release them; on and on, it would go and on – until they were driven insane, and then they would be lost in the moment of their deaths. There would be nothing but their deaths.
It was there in her mind - distinct memories that hadn’t existed before. Her husband had come home drunk. He had lit a cigarette and quickly fallen asleep on the sofa; the cigarette had slipped from his hand. Amy had entered the room to see him, and she had seen the fire starting on the sofa. She tried to wake him, but he wouldn’t wake up – and the fire had quickly spread out of control. She wouldn’t leave the room. She made an effort to pull Graham off the sofa, but he was too heavy for her – and she still wouldn’t leave the room.
And then she had played her part. It was the fireplace. There had been something wrong with the fireplace, and if she gotten there a minute earlier it might have ended differently. The fireplace had exploded just as she entered the room. It wasn’t the explosion that had killed her. It had ended for her when her head struck the wall.
It wasn’t her fault. The hole in her mind was gone – it wasn’t her fault. There was nothing she could have done to prevent what happened. The fireplace had been installed a week earlier – she now realized it had been faulty. If it hadn’t been for the explosion, they might have all survived the fire.
What was she going to do?
The truth could bring little consolation now. It was a living death. They would keep going back in time to die again – she would never see their faces. And in another time, in the same house, an elderly man would be suffocated to death.
What was she going to do?
The answer came to her as the old man’s laboured breathing slithered into her hearing from the bedroom next door; it was the only thing on her mind as she climbed off the bed and, steadying herself, went towards the door and out into the passage. She heard him falling off the bed as she came to the door of his room. Her fear of him had gone; there was no reason to fear now. As she heard him beginning to drag himself across the ground, she opened the door and went straight to him, calmly knelt down in front of him as he reached his hand out to her, his agonised eyes holding onto her with a frantic desperation.
“Help me,” she said hoarsely.
He understood; she could see he understood. He crawled closer to her and held out his hand again. As she stooped down to him, a movement at the corner of her eye made her look up. There was nothing there, but she still had the sensation of an invisible presence repeatedly throwing its gaze at them as it went about the room. She remembered the old man’s murderer – what had happened before the murder. Time meant nothing in this existence. The past was waiting for them; it had been waiting for them all along.
She stretched out her hand.
It happened so easily this time. In an instant, she found herself standing in the doorway, looking down at the old man as he lay on the bed. There was a discernible, palpable change in the substance of her surroundings; she could feel the cold in the air and the ground beneath her feet; she could see the light from outside slipping through the gaps in the curtains, and hear the sounds of voices in the street. This time it was different. It was real, or as real as it could be. Why was it different?
She stiffened as she heard hurried footsteps from the room below her. The old man moaned with dread and made a feeble effort to lift himself out of the bed.
It was happening.
The trepidation thickened and pounded inside her as she rushed to the bed. At first the old man could only look at her with disbelief. And then he held out his hand.
“Help me,” he pleaded.
“Shh,” she hissed warningly, and for a moment could only stare down at him as her mind struggled to formulate a plan. They couldn’t go downstairs; he would be waiting. What was she supposed to do? What would be enough to change things?
The wardrobe.
It was in the corner of the room. It was large enough to fit both of them. Hurrying over to the wardrobe, she threw open the doors and returned to the bed. Pulling aside the bed sheets, she brought her arms under the old man’s knees and back. He was so light and frail – it was surprisingly effortless to lift him from the bed and carry him to the wardrobe. As she heard a door opening downstairs, she placed him inside in a sitting position against the inner wall. The footsteps were beginning to make their way up the stairs as she climbed inside the wardrobe to join the old man and closed the doors.
How could they die if they were already dead? What did they have to be afraid of? It was incomprehensible - there was nothing to fear, yet the fear choked them into a cowering silence as the footsteps came nearer. This was real. The old man was going to die, and what would happen to her when she was discovered with him?
The footsteps entered the room, and then they stopped. In her mind, she could see him looking around the room, trying to determine where the old man would hide. But she didn’t need to imagine. When the footsteps started again, they came straight towards the wardrobe; and when they stopped, she knew they couldn’t hide anymore.
She thrust the wardrobe doors open and threw herself blindly at him. Her hands found his throat, and she used the hold to push him back with all the force in her body. At first he was surprised – he hadn’t expected her to be there – but he quickly recovered his senses, and then his face contorted with a brutal rage. He seized hold of her arms, and they both writhed frantically against each other. He couldn’t get near enough to harm her; with her hands clutching his throat, she kept on pushing him away. But she was beginning to weaken; she couldn’t sustain the effort. If she lost, it would all be over, and the past would reclaim them. There had to be an end to this. It had to stop.
Her strength flooded back to her, and her frustration and rage drew on it as she pushed at him violently. They stumbled out through the door and into the passage; and there was a moment when they were both helpless and blind as they fell over the banister and down the staircase. In her mind, she was ready to seize control again as soon as she had the chance, but her head struck the wall as she tumbled down the stairs. The pain and shock caused her to loosen her hold, and she could do nothing as she was sent sprawling into the passage on the ground floor.
Her body wouldn’t move. Her consciousness was quickly slipping away from her. Hearing sounds from the living-room, she twisted her head sideways – and tears welled in her eyes as she saw her daughter going into the room. She could smell the smoke. She could -
“No,” she whispered, and caught her breath as a figure suddenly knelt over her. It was the old man. Had she saved him? Where was his murderer? If it was over for him, it was good. But what about her? What about her family?
“Help me,” she pleaded desperately. He stretched his hand out to her. Her vision was deteriorating, and as she reached out to him she found herself reaching out to darkening shadows.
And the world slipped away.



In the dark, she could hear crying.
The light started to trickle into the dark. There were voices now. They were familiar, but she couldn’t bring herself to open her eyes. There was too much to dread, and so she kept her eyes closed tight. There was nothing more she could give. If failure and disappointment waited for her again, she would hide from the voices and anything that reminded her of the past. She didn’t want to be hurt anymore.
“Mama!”
Involuntarily, her eyes flew open, and she confronted the source of the voices. Her husband was sitting up against the wall, sobbing uncontrollably; their daughter knelt beside him, crying with confusion, and crying because he was crying. Shaking her head with a wary disbelief, she crawled slowly to them on her hands and knees. Hesitantly, she touched her daughter’s tear-stained face; her touch remained there, and when she was finally persuaded of its substance, her defences slipped away and the uneasiness and doubts in her mind dissolved into relief. Looking at her husband, she could only feel pity. He was in shock. He realized what he had done, and it was too much for him.
He couldn’t bring himself to look at her. His body quaked as he tried to speak. “I’m sorry,” he sobbed.
There was no anger inside her. What was the point of recriminations? It was in the past. “I know you are,” she answered softly, resting her hand on his shoulder. She brought her daughter closer to her, and smiled as she hugged them both. In death, this was her existence now. They were all together, and they were all that mattered to her. The world was altering around them again. The visitants who had looked after her at the funeral, and after the funeral, grew into her awareness and surrounded them with warmth. There was no dread. She was certain that whatever happened it couldn’t hurt her anymore.
They would all be together.
