	His young face twists, the tears glittering in the moonlight, as he crumples up a greeting card, and throws it on the floorboard. It blossoms open, its creases turning into pedals draping over a typed manuscript of a book stamped with muddy shoe prints. It reads, The Curse of Sandusky Bay, written by Redworth Mason-Kross, Copyright 2020.
	“Aren't you going to read the book your father wrote for you? I've been saving it for your birthday”.
	“I already read it. It thought it was stupid. It doesn't even have an ending. He couldn't do nothing right”.  
	“I know its been a rough year with your father passing away. But Victoria is really looking forward to spending the day with you. And she's swimming in gold”.
	The boy sits quietly in the passenger seat. His little feet floating above the floorboard. His eyes watching the starlight drown behind the navy blue sky. The high beams twisting along the lonely path between the towers of pine. Nothing but curving asphalt planted with road signs and billboards. A long green one shouts, 20 Miles to the Marina.
	“I've been reading up on your Aunt. She specializes in the science of aging”.   
	The road ahead swirls with thin fountains of upward spiraling fog.  The boy sits, watching the world of trees and stars, as its swallowed alive by the wall of gray smoke. And the road, once colored by the piercing high beams, now reflects its blinding light back at them. She flips down the high beams as she massages her eyes. 
	“I need you to be my navigator. Grab my phone”.
	He grabs her blue handbag- pulls out a finger length black plastic tube, a black plastic sea shell, an aspirin bottle that rattles with effort, a heavy coin purse, an empty wallet, a thin book of checks, a single stick of gum, a tin of Mints harboring a single  mint, and a cluster of keys that no longer jingle- setting them neatly on his lap one by one.
	The phones screen glows like radioactive waste, as he pulls it out, unlocks the screen, and hits the little microphone icon. 
	“Sandusky Marina from here” he says, before hitting the little microphone. 
The app screen opens, loading deep in thought for a brief moment – waiting to pop into existence- for the sole purpose of filling in the empty screen with detail after detail of the surrounding area. She glances at the screen. 
	“How much further?” 
	SCREECH! The phone hits the windshield, while the objects in his lap scatter across the dashboard, before bouncing to the floor.
	A herd of thin wiry fur and lean muscles tread past them, their hooves cracking like thunder, as the solid muscular phalanx of antlered bucks, white tailed doe and young spotted fawn fade into the woodland shadows beyond the sun drenched fog.  
	“Holy Ghost! Their must have been every bit of twenty five just now”. 
	She loosens her grip of the steering wheel. The boy unlocks his seat belt, follows the phones fading aura from between the seat cushions, reaches in, grabs it, fishes out the phone, and opens up the application. The map reads destination 0.0. He turns it towards her. She reads it, waits for the stampede to fade into the distance, and turns left. 
	They roll into the fog before reaching the downward slope of the boat launch on the far end of the marina. The breaks grind to a stop.
	Samantha flips the sun visor down, before flipping the mirror cover up. The tiny lights of the mirror showcasing the blemishes on her pale skin, as she dusts her face smooth with the plastic sea shell retrieved from the creases of her handbag. 
	The boy, deciding its as good of a time as ever for an Easter egg hunt, begins to gather up all the objects, tossing the nick knacks into the bag, leaving the floorboard clean of all rubble, sans dirt and pebbles.
	A few minutes later, his task complete, the boy stands hunching over the dashboard, trying to find the golden corona over the crimson horizon through the fogs white opaqueness . It was no use. 
	The phone begins to buzz, flash and beep. Samantha picks up the phone, lets out a sigh and a grown, drops the phone and flips the mirror back down, picking up the plastic finger to paint her lips enchanted pink, before rolling down the window and lighting a cigarette. 
	Liam coughs, rolls down his window and spits over the front tires that kiss the water, before drinking in the sweet dampness of the lakes cooling effect, as it creases against his cheeks and hands. He looks over at Samantha texting, the tiny screen illuminating her pretty, freshly painted face. Her unattended cigarette burning in her lips as she orchestrates the symphony of messages from lovers, co workers, friends and family. 
	The boy frowns behind chubby little cheeks, his bowl cut hair capped above his ears. He jerks his three foot frame rippling under the white and blue striped nautical t-shirt, khaki shorts and little hiking boots. His smokey breadth rising with each exhale, as the last wave of warmth runs out the open window, into the bone soaking dampness of the rising dawn.
	The vibrations of the idle Jeep shake, as the engine coughs to a sputter, gasping for air, and rattling to a stop. She sets the phone on her lap, sparks up the ignition, backs up the yellow Jeep into an empty parking spot overlooking the water, flips the lights off, and shuts the engine down. He looks at her with a damp smile. 
	“Lighten up, Liam. You're going to have a wonderful weekend with aunt Victoria. She owns property all over Erie: Crystal Lake, Marblehead, Kelly's Island, Cedar Point and Isle of St. George. She owns property as far north as St. Thomas, Canada and as far west, as Buffalo New York. You see those boats over their?”
	She points her finger off into the darkness, but Liam shakes his head no. Samantha flips on the high beams to unveil a forest of masts and sails bobbing through small round patches in the fog. Liam nods his head, yes. She smirks at him.
	“When you're out there slicing along the water like butter, society behind you and nature ahead, with nothing but the mercy of the water beneath your feet, it's heaven”. 
	She pauses, letting the words linger, before pointing a finger out past her left shoulder. 
	“Beyond that fog is Johnson Island, the birthplace of your father”. 
	She takes a long slow drag of her cigarette. Liam pays little attention to her, instead, taking notice of a ripple coming from the direction of Johnson Island.  
	“Mommy look”. 
He points towards the ripple. 
	“Is that a hand?” she mutters. 
	She steps out onto the shoreline for closer inspection, walking west along the beach a ways, her eyes fixated on the enigma coming from Johnson Island, and hoping to God, that it wasn't a hand. A  bluish gray fish with a large gaping mouth jumps through the air, causing Samantha to loose balance of the shifting sand, and fall seat down on the beach. She stands back up, as the fish splashes back into the shallow water. She turns towards Liam, as another fish jumps, Samantha jumps, but doesn't fall, instead, starts laughing at herself. She walks back towards the Jeep, but the splash is followed by another, and another, and another, until whole schools, and finally, whole populations of bluish gray gaping mouths leap across Sandusky Bay. Their noise like that of shattered glass. Samantha falls, struck by awe, landing seat down on the sandy shore. 
	Liam watches, his eyes full of fear, and full of pain.
	Samantha climbs up from the beach, snatching the phone from the open window, and opening up the screen.
	“Your aunt Vicky just messaged me”.
	And as she said it, the fog broke to the slithery sail of a yacht, as it slips back behind the smokey veil.  The sound of the fish murmur to a silence, snuffed out by buzzing wings of dragonflies, butterflies and fireflies, as they fill the bay with a rising whisper. 
	Samantha jumps in and rolls up the windows, as swarms of fireflies and dragonflies move over and under and through the vehicle, all but the unlucky ones, spitting across the surface with a thud, and filling the steamy glass with specs of guts. 
	Then the chaos fell back to calmness, and Samantha flips on the wipers, smearing the guts evenly like fat on a cooking sheet. Slowly, it unveils the next wave of exodus, as the sky gives wide birth to a large flock of geese heading in an indeterminable direction away form the lake, their creamy white excretions replacing the bug guts from the wipers frantic scraping, and Samantha lets out a deep sigh. But then, the curtain of fog lifted, creating a panorama across the silhouette of sails and masts, with their tiny lights blinking from the cabins, and the bridges, and atop the mastheads. She flips off the wipers, steps out onto the Marina,  opens the backdoor and grabs Liams things. 
	“That must be your aunt. Make sure to be a good boy, and above all, have fun”. 
She smiles.
	He molds her a lumpy and uncertain smile, but she takes little notice of his uncertainty, instead, appreciating the calmness of the mourning horizon, as the fog opens up the pearl surface to fleshy gold reflections of leaves clinging for life to their mothers branches. 
	“It's so beautiful”.  
	She wipes a tear from her eye, lights herself another cigarette, and lets the blue smoke fall from her mouth. She watches the cranes levitate majestically over the lake, before fading behind the foggy curtain, the sky leaving with them, along with the sun, and the swarms of pigeons forging along the shoreline.
	But even in the mist, from the Mariana docks, an image of a tall slender shadow cuts through the dense smoke. Liam grabs for his mothers hand, but she swats it away, nudging him towards the shadow. 
	“That's her. Wow! It's so foggy, we didn't even see her dock!”
	“Go on. Grab your things and go put them in the yacht”. 
	He knew by the tone of her voice, that he was making her feel foolish, and so made quick work out of fetching his backpack and travelers Suitcase. The cases were made out of a heavy canvas dyed pumpkin orange, a gift from his father, who was working for his aunt the day he went missing, his body still yet to be found, and believed to be lost somewhere beneath this very lake.
	The creaky dock, with its dry rotting old planks, sway densely in the fog, as Liam walks past a slew of cabin cruisers and fishing vessels. He cannot see the liquid dinosaur all around him, but he can feel it throughout his body, as it sways gently to the rhythm of its ancient currents. 
	He feels so small walking out onto this T-Rex of a lake, with only his backpack, and matching traveling case. Liam begins to cry.
	Victoria stands silent above her waist sized nephew, her youthful face studying his woeful gaze, his leaky noise and his nervous twitch in the fading moonlight. She steps forward, her dainty feet radiating beauty and vitality with her every step. She keeps her chin up, head high, and nose towards the sky, with the confidence and majesty of Cleopatra, Elizabeth and any other women born into wealth and status.
	“Victoria!” 
	Liam feels the whole dock rumble and shake, as a large living force flanks from behind,  passing him with little concern for his safety. She hugs the woman before stepping back, so the two woman can get a good look over what each other is wearing. 
	“Liam. Go put you bags below deck. I want to talk to your aunt alone”. 
	Liam steps up onto the wood plank with his bags in hand. 
	“Theirs a life vest in the cabin below. Put it on and wait for me their, please”. 
She smiles at him, its thin curve hooking his eye, and her soft musical voice, his ear, with the undeniable charm of their master.
	Liam rolls his bag past the arch roof of the black oak bridge, as he looks inside its window, but he finds only shadows. Liam passes the bridge without hesitation, stepping down into the small portal, stepping down into the belly of the ship below. He finds the life jacket at the bottom of the steps, and puts it on.
	“Nice Pearls”.
	“Thanks, Samantha. That means a lot coming from a working woman”. 
Victoria gives Samantha's attire, a turquoise blue turtle neck and tan dress pants, a sincere smile. Samantha stands triumphant. 
	“I gave up on trying to impress you. Not when you go through more yachts than we do automobiles”. 
	Samantha tries crossing her arms, but finds the position uncomfortable, and lets them fall to her hips. Victoria laughs. 
	“Don't tell me you still got that same Jeep”.
	“Yup. And it still runs like the day you bought it for us- well sorta. I had to wire the tail pipe to the tailgate, and tape up along the back window to keep the draft out. The damn things starting to look like Tutankhamen”. 
	She pulls out her pack of cigarettes, but Victoria takes little notice of them. 
	“With all the money that husband made working for the family businesses, you would think he would have made an effort to spoil you a bit. And if not for you, than at least for the safety of little Liam”.
	Samantha sighs,  pulls out a cigarette, and lights it up. 
	“Too tell you the honest truth. He wanted to keep struggling as a writer. I was the one that convinced him to seek full time employment. He must of resented me towards the end. He never was the same after he started working for you”. 
	Her face twists, as she scratches her moist tear duct. Victoria reaches out her hand and strokes Samantha's hair. 
	“It will be alright child. At the end of every storm is a rainbow. My great grandmother used to tell me that. Can you believe such non sense?” 
	Samantha smiles and laughs. 
	“Do you notice my outfit?” asks Victoria. 
She flowers out her black dress by the hem, and does a full spin, letting the white undershirt sway in the damp mourning air, as her long black skirt rises to the knees, then back to the ankles, exposing the thin straps of her custom designed high heels. 
	“No, but that belt is really cute” replies Samantha. 
	It was a thin white leather strap draping along her slender waist. 
	“The first lady has been seen wearing this in public. But I wore it first, and I have the photos to back up my claim”.  
	Samantha gives her a greedy take care of my son, so he can take care of me look. 
	“Take care Victoria Mason. Keep him safe”. 
Samantha's voice is firm, but sincere. 
	“And please talk to my son about his father, I know you weren't the closest but-” 
	“We are closer than you think” interrupts Victoria. 
	They hear a loud bang coming from the Yachts bridge, followed by a growling sound like that of someone trying to speak without the right biological equipment. Samantha steps back. 
	“Oh that's just Nerander, one of the men hired to sail this Scoop. He's what you would call biologically impaired. But don't worry, I pay him what he's worth and he works like half a dozen men”. Victoria gives Samantha a smile with a few twists and a curve. Samantha crosses her arms. 
	“Besides Nerander, I have captain Larsen, who is the captain of a restored Viking ship. They make their money selling boat tours at ship festivals in these parts and abroad. He knows these waters well, and if he can cross the ocean in nothing but a tiny canoe, I think he can handle one of my custom vessels. So I get a safe trip across the lake, and he gets to continue to fund his studies”.
	Samantha drops her arms and looks down. Her body, face and eyes fill with concern. 
	“Is their anyone else besides you, and these two strange men of the sea?” 
	“No, no my love. Just us, and the lake”. 
Victoria takes off her pearl necklace, stretching it outwards to Samantha. 
	“I trust them with my life like I entrust you with this necklace. I suggest holding onto it for collateral”.
	The concern flushes itself out of the young mothers system. 
	“I don't know how to thank you”.
	Samantha fondles the individual pearls with the same care a surgeon guarantees his victims. 
	“You can thank me by not letting it go to your head. Call it a gift from one mother to the next”.
Samantha holds her prize in honor, her eyes a blaze at the rare artifact, so familiar to a women like Victoria, and yet so coveted, by a woman like Samantha. She stands in awe, as Victoria walks up the plank and onto the deck, pulling the plank from behind her, and placing it along the port side, before dissipating into the fog. Samantha places the object in her pocket, finishes her cigarette- and wobbles off- the luxury shock causing her knees to buckle.   
	Liam stands at the foot of the cabin, appreciating the craftsman of the hand polished carpentry. that seemed to shine brighter than the mourning sun, somewhere out there behind a deep pocket of mist, and how bad he wanted to touch the walls, and the objects, but was disciplined early, when it came to his fathers rare books, that hands stay in pockets, and that it was better he wait behind invisible velvet ropes for the tour to begin, with his life jacket snug tight around his upper core.
	On both sides of Liam, on the Bacote panel walls of the foyer, hangs black and white photographs in Ebony and Agar frames. A young Victoria and a handsome young man, that reminds Liam of himself, stand along the sandy beach with their backs towards the crashing waves. He notices an old schooner, with its long short triangular sails tied off to its long pointy bow, sailing off from a distant island somewhere beyond the focus of the lens.
	A footstep walks past the cabin, and it sounds like Liam is living inside the body of an acoustic guitar. His tiny heart echoes with every beat. Its well tuned internal metronome thumping across the Brazilian Walnut floors polish, hitting the pink ivory lacquer sheeting on the walls and ceiling, bouncing randomly off the sloops Bavarian Red Oak cabinets, and rattling off the shelving and drawers, where finally, it dies into silence, as his cycle of heart beats continues its dance of the macabre, its timbre bright and colorful. 
	Liam holds his breath, as he crept on his toes, like he often done in the middle of the night, when he wanted to read one of his fathers old Weird Tales, whose monsters seem more at home to him at the moment, then this strange vessel. However, he found the room ahead to be quite spacious, with its crescent moon table made from red oak, and its sway cushions mounted to the port side. Mounted to the Starboard is an island, also made from red oak, containing a stove and cutting board. Liam marvels at the Red Oak, whose presence covers every square inch of this room, with the exception of its antiquated Sterling Silver metal work. 
	Above the Island, hanging from the ceiling, is a large flat screen television playing a Silent Movie. A tall thin man with long pointy ears and rat like teeth with claw like fingers, stands on the deck of a ship, the hemp ropes of the masts and sails weave around him, as he looks down with contempt at his prey. 
	“Are you hungry?” 
Liam doesn't feel his little feet as they go airborne. He crashes hard on his tailbone. Victoria lets out a deep cackle. 
	“Your beds at far end of the hall, the bathroom to the right. So, please take your bags and put them away, and wash your hands while I make us some breakfast”.
	Liam takes his things to his room, places them neatly on the bed and walks back towards the living quarters without washing his hands, but stops when he reaches the end of the hallway, watching his aunt work in amazement. Victoria stands above the island, slicing an onion, and mixing it in with her pile of minced green pepper and her diced slab of ham, as it sits next to a pile of cracked eggshells resting against an odd looking stone bowl. She turns her head mechanically, and gazes at him with a wicked little smile. 
	“I was hoping to finish before you came back”. 
Her tone is calm and relax. 
	“The refrigerator is to the left of the stove. We have tea, milk, juice and soda?” 
He looks at her. 
	“Can I have a soda?”
His voice is monotone, and full of uncertainty. She giggles at the answer. 
	“With breakfast, young man? I do enjoy a carbonated beverage from time to time, more so in my youth, but never again with breakfast. You must have juice and milk to fully appreciate the rich pallet of one of my famous Western Omelets, whose herbs and preparation come with decades of experience over generations. That, and washing your hands, like I asked you too”. 
	She grabs him a tall glass and a small glass as he walks back into the bathroom to wash his hands. Victoria pours milk in a tall glass and the freshly squeezed orange juice in a small glass, both glasses made from the finest French Crystal. 
	“These antique glasses were brought here after our ancestors were ostracized for their Rosicrucian faith. Only five tall glasses, three short glasses, two wine flutes only to be used in weddings, two wine glasses and a shot glass survive, all made of the finest Crystal from a place and time when France peaked in decadence and luxury. These glasses are priceless”. 
	Liam sits their watching the priceless heirlooms fill one by one, the tall crystal beaker filling with an opaque white substance, while the smaller tubes thick rusty liquid, reminds him of an orange gemstone from some 8-bit video game. 
	“Drink up” says Victoria. 
She hovers over him, her eyes never leaving the glasses. He drinks the juice, with its fresh pulpy globs of orange slime, but finds the texture uncanny, and coughs some of it back up into his glass. Victoria tilts her head, his mother crosses her arms, he feels a sudden wave of guilt, and swallows the fruity sludge out of fear of being rude. 
	“Would you like more juice, Liam?” 
	“No, thanks, auntie Victoria”. 
His words spoken with precision that runs shivers up Victoria's spine. 
	“Did you and your mom practice my name?” 
She looks at him, her hands pressing against her hips. 
	“Yes, auntie Victoria”, says Liam, with a soft voice. 
	“Do I look like a Victoria?” 
She moves her hands from her hips to cross her arms. His face turns red, and looks down as he answers, embarrassed with honesty. 	
	“No Auntie, you look younger than mommy”, he says softly. 
She smiles, laughs and blushes a little.
	“The boys a natural lady killer”. 
She slaps his shoulder, hugs him, kisses his forehead and pats his back in less than five seconds. 
	“Call me Aunt Vickie, Liam. We're family after all, not business partners”.
	The omelet made a brief sizzle in the pan, and before he can process what was going on, the omelet is on a plate in front of him. Victoria stands over the omelet with a well polished gold plated knife and fork. But she was not the Vickie he met, she was an old woman, with a frail arm stretching out for Liam to grab the Silverware. His arm trembles, as Liam reaches out and grabs it. She walks back into the shadows, her face and complexion young again, as she watches him with eager eyes. 
	He pokes at the object. It reminds him of a taco. He's had his mom's omelets before, but it wasn't quite the same, usually Samantha's were black, mangled or both. 
	“Give it five bites and you'll be begging for a second one”. 
Liam accepts her wisdom, taking five small sample bites. The first bite was fluffy. The second bite was fluffy and moist. The third bite was fluffy, moist and juicy. And, the fourth bite included the right amount of cheesiness. That by the fifth bite ,with its burst of minced ham and bacon, Liam was scarfing it down like a little piggy.  
	Liam finishes with a burp- reaching out triumphantly for his milk- knocking the crystal into a tip. Vickie sees it from the shadows, runs over to re-balance the crystal beaker, and hands it back to Liam.
	“Drink up fast, and hand it back to me” she advises.
 The milk has the consistency and sweetness of cream, which he drinks with hardy eagerness. She grabs the empty glass, washes it, dries it, wraps it in a cloth, and stores it in a cabinet, before placing a key inside the custom lock.
	“I try not to use those glasses myself and keep only the two on me for a special occasion such as this”. 
She turns the key, and wiggles the cabinet too make sure it's secure. 
	“I probably have another twenty five in me, maybe more with modern science,but you will be around for a long time, and you are not just anyone Liam, you are Redworth's son. Who ever thought Redworth, of all people, would start himself a family at the age of sixty four. Most people retire, not get married and work long hours to raise a family. He was the oldest of us us three, but the last of us to bloom, and that alone is worth celebrating.”
She looks down. 
	“Your father never mentioned he had a kid brother, my twin Charles who we liked to call Chuckles, did he” she whimpers. 
The tears swelling from her tear ducts, as Victoria shakes hard, the repressed pain running through her body like a freight train raging through the dark corners of the soul. Liam sat quietly with his head down. 
	“No, auntie Vickie”. 
	“Well, he died long ago”, mutters Victoria, “and like the old idiom goes, water under the bridge”.
	She picks up the intercom, and presses a button. 
	“Alright, you mangy scoundrels, away with these land lobbers. Its time to hit the high waves for Cedar Point. I've got the precious cargo. So, lets make haste”. 
Liam giggles. 
	“Roger that” came a reply from the other end.
	 “I'll be on deck getting some fresh air. Help yourself to the fridge. But remember to save your appetite for dinner”. 
	Liam nods, finding the remote, and changing the channel. Victoria goes through the portal into the mourning fog. Liam, seeing his opportunity, sneaks over, and grabs a Diet Coke from the fridge. His little fingers about to pop the lid when-
	“Oh, that reminds me” says Victoria.
	He sits frozen, watching a commercial for Halloween costumes. She lets out a cackle.
	“I caught yeah!” 
Liam let his fingers off the tab. 
	“I'm joking. I forgot to put away my Stradivarius. Do you like music?”
Liam nods his head, pops open the soda, and focuses his attention on the colorful cartoon blaring above their heads. Victoria puts away her violin, storing it in a bulletproof case, and locking it away in a cabinet below the fine crystal. 
	“I am working on a piece the from  French Composer Erik Satie. Remind me to play it for you before I take you home”. 
	She winks, and than leaves, Liam nodding his head as she walks back out the portal.
	Three Diet Cokes later, halfway through the second episode of Tom and Jerry, the air around Liam began to feel stale and stuffy, so he decides to go out fresh air.
	The sailing vessels massive white sails cut across Lake Erie's liquid desert, with its cool autumn air caressing its heavy canvas, as the sun above burns bright in the North Eastern sky behind the fog.
	Vickie's voice rang softly through the fog, advising him forward. Liam walks towards the direction of her voice. He sees her pace away from him, her outline like that of a ghost through the heavy fog. He walks aimlessly forward until he feels a hand tug his shoulder from behind.
	“You put your life vest on like a good boy”.
	Victoria tightens his lifejacket, and then tightens her own. 
	“I almost never wear one of these dreadful things. Lake Erie is not all that deep. It is big. But not really all that deep. I worry more about hitting a rouge wave than I do about drowning”. 
	Victoria wears a wide brimmed hat to the sun off her skin, but at a second glance, one could see her soft arm withering into a thin complexion, with their protruding veins in the brief glimmers of sunlight. So she took off the gloves she wore, and put on a longer pair, making her look old fashioned, but not out of fashion, and in her own way, a pioneer.
	Through the fog, Liam could see a large tower. Vickie also saw the saw metallic object and pointed at it in excitement. 
	“That's the Millennium Force. The tallest roller coaster in North America. And this my boy, this is Cedar Point Island, the Roller Coaster Capital of the World”. 
	Liam's eyes grew in wonder at the magnificence of the tall metal object.  And through the fogs lighter patches, Liam can now begin to see other longer metallic serpents- twist, curl and loop- like that of snakes eating their own tail. 
	It was an alien world, unearthly with its bright colored monsters. Liam felt both scared and excited, because if there was ever a more fun place to test your courage, Liam had yet to learn about it in the old leather bound books he liked to scroll through on his fathers bookshelves.  

	“Have you read up on the lore?” 
Liam shakes his head no.
	 “Do you have internet at home?”
 Liam shakes his head yes. 
	“But mommy only lets me use certain apps. So I like to read daddy's old books instead”. 
He looks at her with a relaxed grin. 
	“She says the internet shows us how to grow up too fast”. 
Vickle lets out a deep cackle. 
	“Your mother is a wise woman indeed, but she did give you a phone, right?” 
Liam shakes his head Yes, 
	“But mommy said no internet without your permission”.
Aunt Vickie stuck her nose out into the sky. 
	“Do you have a phone?”
Liam shakes his head, yes.
“Its in my bag, should I go grab it?”
Aunt Vickie says nothing with a mysterious look on her face, and then, after a brief moment of awkward silence, said
	“this is all about family initiation, my dear love, and you must first prove yourself.”
She pauses and points her finger. Her bright diamonds sparkling in the brief glimmers of sunlight. He began to feel like his mother, a nobody. He felt out of place with his chubby cheeks and Buddha belly.
	 Then he felt his mind go ill. He felt an intense pain from some unknown time. He saw blood... He swam in blood. He saw maggots... Blood-maggots-darkness-the chill of midnight- the full moon. These images were broken and compressed into his memory in a undecipherable kaleidoscope of forbidden memories whose horrors the angels kept guard over. He did not understand what it was. He only felt it. 
	“You have nothing to fear but fear itself young Liam. You are a Mason, my boy, we have no limits and no wealth great or small can stop us Liam James Mason, heir to your own destiny”. 
	Liam feels a surge of energy coarse through his body, and an overwhelming sense of joy and wonder, as Victoria's hand reaches through the fog, its velvet finger fixed to a specific locale. 	
	“Look deep, Liam. Focus hard with all your will and strength. I know you like to read your fathers horror stories. I know that you like to slip his rare copies on Weird Tales, Cemetary Dance and Rouge Morgue into your bedroom, and read them under your bed covers with a flashlight ”.
	Liam stands silent, his face changing from relaxed to alert. He did as he is told, and through the sickly gray veil, Liam focuses on a large building built before the Great War. Through one of its windows, he sees the silhouette of the body of a woman swinging from the ceiling- his memory flooding with the image of a body hung from above, its blood draining into a stone pool. Liam wets himself. It took Aunt Vickie a moment to realize what the boy had done, and when she does, she rises with an unnatural level of excitement. 
	“Did you see something?” 
She looks at him with deep doey eyes.
	“I saw a woman swinging in the window”. 
He starts to cry. 
	“And than what?”
	“Then I saw ropes, and bodies hanging from the ceiling, and pools of blood” he blubbers. 
His words sputtering out into a sloppy blab blab, as his crying ascends to a loud shrill.
	“It's OK, Liam. This is just one of the ghosts of Breakers Hotel. I did not think you would see anything horrible. I was hoping to tell you a spooky story about our family, but now I feel awful”. 
Liam pauses from his crying, interested in what she has to say. 
	“They were lovers, you see”.
	Liam starts crying again. Aunt Vickie sets him down, hugs him, takes his hand and leads him to the shower. She turns it on as he begins to strip down his cloths. She does not watch, but she does not leave, flickering her eyes as he jumps into the shower, caressing her stomach before walking down the hall into the sleeping quarters. 
	Aunt Vickie changes her clothes, adds lotion to her soft arms and legs, and waits outside the shower for Liam to finish. She soon hears the shower shut off. 
	“Liam, I have a towel and some of your clothes”. 
Liam cracks open the door and grabs the towel and clothes. He gets out half dressed with the towel now wrapped around his waist. She looks at him with a sly look, her skirt now a pair of pants. 
	When they arrive on deck, the ship is docked, with its anchor beneath the murky waters of the Mariana. The fog to, was docked somewhere far from here, letting the mechanical parts of Cedar Point flash and swing along the bright sunny lake front. 
	On deck is Captain Larson with his hands out, as Vickie nudges Liam towards him. Larson walks up to Liam, picks him up with his long spider like arms, and places Liam on the dock. Liam looks up at him. Captain Larson looks down past him, with long thick blonde Viking hair, which he braided or otherwise left to do its own thing, and a bushy amber beard just as wild as his hair. His eyes, which caught the attention of Victoria, more than Liam, were blood shot red slivers, and he smells of a sweet fruity smoke. Victoria gives him a dirty look, as he helps her off the yacht. 
	“I'll stay with Nerander and clean up the ship”. 
He winks at Liam.
	“No, you will stay and sober up”, says Victoria,
giving him another dirty look.
	“It's good for my back pain”.
 He smiles at her, before tossing Liam another wink. 
	“And a good captain always goes down with his ship” she reminds him.
	“Not like that, Mum. It's the one pleasure I allow myself on the days I'm busy polishing your wood”. 
	 She giggles,
 	“Maybe I will be the one who polishes your wood one of these days”. 
	 She looks at him with her tongue out. He blushes, before pushing out a quick chuckle.
	 “I better get back to my work”.
He hops back on board without looking back, or saying another word. Vickie lets out a sharp laugh. 
	“I love to make him blush. He's so cute when he does”. 
Liam gives her a blank expression.
 	“Well Liam, I think we should stick with the water park for today”. 
	Liam smiles. The truth was, those roller coasters look scarier to Liam than the ghost he saw in the window. They stop. Victoria looks up at the giant red and yellow tower reminding Liam of an Egyptian statue he once saw in one of his fathers books. 
	“That's called Top Thrill Dragster. 420 ft tall [that's 128 Meters] and maxing out at one hundred and twenty miles per hour. Oh, boy. We didn't have anything like this as kids. We had to test our courage in other ways”. 
Liam's stomach drops, when he connects the size and height to her statistics of the roller coaster. 
	“That is state of the art, my boy”. 
	She pauses and smiles. 
	“You can either face it now or later, but we're not leaving until you do”. 
Liam looks up at the roller coaster and then back down. It scares him half to death. 
	“I'll wait. I would like to play in the water, please”. 
	Vickie and Liam walk up to the girls working the gates leading into the amusement park from the Marina. She opens her purse and gets out her her ID and Membership pass. The employees look down, daring not to make eye contact. 
	“Girls- do I look like a monster?” 
She pokes her head through her hat to show them her pale frail skin wrinkled with crows feet past the cheeks. The blonde drops her eyes in shame, as the brunette holds back her screams. 
	“By Midnight, on the night of All Saints Day, one will experience a trick, and the other will experience a treat... of the utmost horror”. 
She rests her hands on her hips. The brunette opens her mouth to speak. 
	“The answer is no. I did not kill my husbands. I had no intention of being labeled a Black Widow. I regret not having stayed single longer”. 
She puffs her chest out. to show off her luscious plump breasts and hour glass figure. The blonde hands back the I.D.'s and wrist bands. This will prove to be her first and last summer job. The brunette, mean while, keeps her eyes down, as Victoria and Liam enter the Theme Park. Liam smiles at the pretty girls as he passes.
	“I would like to go swimming”. 
	“You will, in due time. I have new plan”. 
Her tone is serious. This was more than just a day of fun, and Liam now realized this was important. He has to prove himself to her, or go home at once, peeing himself again, and crying like a little girl for like the third time. Liam felt the pressure, and wasn't sure if he was up to the challenge. Those roller coasters look mean and dark and unforgiving. He wanted it to all go away. He quickly wanted to tell Aunt Victoria off and send for his mommy to come pick him up. But he also felt that wouldn't do him any good but harm. He had to grow up and above all, have fun. And before he realized it, he was on a roller coaster next to his aunt. 
	“This is Wilderness Run” she says to him,
as the iron bar holds them down in place.
Liam freezes, and then relaxes. It turns out to be a nice, laid back roller coaster around the parks more daring rides.
	“That's it?”, asks Liam
whose simultaneous excitement, joy, and disappointment, comes out hollow and empty of emotion. 
	“No Liam, this is only the beginning”. 
Liam jumps up and down; and laughs in a high pitch. Victoria picks out rides with names like Kite Eating Tree and Rock, Spin,Turn. Liam was starting to loose confidence in his aunt. 
	“I would like to play somewhere else now, please”. 
She smiles. 
	“We can go swimming- but first you have to face your first obstacle”. 
She grabs hold of his hand. 
	“You think you're tough?” 
He smiles at her like he's ridden every roller coaster made by man. 
	“If you want to go swimming, then you gotta ride that one”. 
She points to a tall wooden roller coaster by the name Steele Revenge. 
	Liam was ready to lick it. It was only half the size of the roller coaster she pointed out when they got there, and this one is made of wood, and deprived of upside down loops and high drop offs, like some of the other twisted metal demons that stand their ground here on this magical island. 
	Liam walks up to the sign that measures the rides height restriction. Liam was just a tad too short for the ride. He seems disappointed, but also relieved. 
	“Sorry, Auntie. Not tall enough”.
She bent over and gave him a deep hug. She whispers a few words in a strange language  unknown to Liam. It sounds old and not of this earth. But he feels his limps stretch as her hug lifts him higher and higher,  above the ground. He can feel the cool fall wind as it brushes across his ankles, and the brow of his stomach. His clothes are smaller, and as he walks up to the sign, he finds that he now reigns high above the height requirement. Liam stands, mouth gaping in amazement. 
	“Wow!” he shouts.
	Liam gets in line, as his Aunt reaches into her purse for something. And before he knew what was going on, Liam was taken to a backroom, through another door and seated inside the front row seat of the coaster. Aunt Vickie was no where to be seen. He starts to squirm and tear up, when a short round man with thick reading glasses and a receding hairline sitting down next to him, says 
	“don't worry young man, we're in this together”.
 Liam starts to squirm a little further, as the bar drops down, locking into place. He was out of options. He takes a deep breadth, and waits.
	“My names Bill, but my friends call my Phil and my enemies call me Dill.”. 
He holds his hand out for Liam to shake it. Liam returns the favor. 
	“I'm Liam James Mason-Kross”. 
Bill brought his eyes forward and gave a deep dark stare out into nothing.
“You can call me Dill” says Bill.
Liam can feel the smoldering hate ooze from the front of the cart to the back. Whispers filling the coaster with low ominous pitches. And through the distortions, Liam can make out the word Mason, which when spoken, sounded a lot like demon, and other times, like Satan. 
	The roller coaster lugs forward, as the pack of voices break mid sentence at the interruption. All falls silent, as the roller coaster makes its slow decent up the two hundred foot cliff. Liam's heart beats out of control, as the early screamers fall silent for a brief pause, as the roller coaster walks across the top of the hill. And when they finally fall off the ledge, to the rising screams, Liam sits among the chaos, studying the tracks below him. He screams, as they reach the bottom, before launching through a series of corkscrew spins and abstract angles. They slow down as they reach another leveled platform, before dropping again to the same chaos of spins and angles, as the coaster weaves its way through its own wooden beam interior. 
	Then it was over. The cart stops after what seems like an hour in the mind of a mad man.  Liam wobbles out. The experience more intense then he ever thought imaginable. The sounds of the creaking coaster added no comfort. If he could avoid another roller coaster all together, he wouldn't be too upset; but something about his Aunt told Liam that before he could leave, he would have to face far greater punishment. 
	Victoria stands in the gift shop with a photograph in her hand. She lowers it to show Liam. It is a picture of Liam clenching to the bars of the coaster, and screaming for dear life. His eyes fill with excitement and horror. Bill was not in the photo. Liam sat alone in the front row of the photo with his bottom teeth sticking ou,t as he hangs onto the bar for dear life. She smiles at the image, before placing it inside her carrying bag. But before she does, Liam notices a tall man in the back row with short black hair. It reminds him of his father.
	“That's for your Mommy. I have a nice empty silver frame at home just this size”. 
She gives Liam a big smile. 
“It's time to go swimming”. 
	She hands him a bag. Inside is Liam's brand new swimming trunks.
	The Sun hit noon when Liam's skin began to prune from the water. He spent this time in leisure. The Steele Vengeance was a lot too take in, and he still felt a little dizzy from the whole experience. He spent this time drifting down the Cedar Creek, which crawls past the stunning dips and turns of the parks many water slides.
	Victoria was coming back from the beach, where Liam notices shes holding what looks like a pair of new clothes. Liam jumps up in the shoulder length water and makes the difficult trudge through the thick mirror like substance, towards beach. He grabs the clothes, but she yanks them away. She did not say a word but points to a large structure of three dark blue plastic tubes twisting and winding around each other. It reminds him of a giant octopus creature from one of the covers of his fathers collection of Weird Magazines.
	He takes a deep breadth, before walking up to the long winding line of thrill seekers waiting for their chance to take the plunge down this amusing sewer drain. Aunt Vickie flashes a card in front of the attendant working the gate, and Liam is taken to the top. A park attendant between the intersecting pipelines, and hands him a long thin foam board. He tells Liam to sit on his knees, and hold onto the board from the sides.
	Liam sits down and stares deep into the tube ahead. He sits on his knees swaying the board back in forth, as he prepares himself for takeoff. The short stocky attendant grabs him with his hairy wrists, and shoves him full force down the scariest tunnel. Darkness with only brief moments of sunshine pierce through some vents. He feels the mist all around him, as he begins to build up speed around every corner. It seems to last a lifetime, but before he knew it, the final drop catches him off guard, and he slips of his board, falling to the shallow pool below. He tries to stand up, and catch his breadth, but he bobs their for a moment to collect his bearings, when a tall thin blonde with thick wavy hair and the face of an angel floats out of the pipe, and lands on top of him. 
	“I'm so sorry, cutie” she says, 
merging forth from the water.
Liam blushes. He tries choking out a few words, but turns around instead without saying a word, and walks towards the locker room where Aunt Vickie is standing. He turns around, but she was gone. And a tall slender man wearing a long wool trench coat with round golf ball sized gold plated buttons passes Liam. His eyes looking down into nothingness. His short black hair wedged beneath his black beret. The ivory bowl of the Sherlock Holmes pipe dangling from his lips.
	“Daddy?” says Liam, 
choking out the words.  
	Aunt Vickie holds out a new bag with clothes in it. She then orders him to take a quick shower to rinse off the chlorine before changing into his new clothes. He washes, dries, changes and grabs the clothes he left in a locker and walks out to his aunt. He wore a silken white Nautical short sleeve shirt and a pair of thick heavy duty tan cargo shorts. He had a nice wardrobe growing, especially his feet, with their white Puma tennis shoes and clean white socks.
	“Let us go face our next series of challenges”. 


She grabs him by the hand, and walks him towards a giant loop with the sign reading 'Ring of Fire'. 	Liam likes it even less than the previous one, but waits patiently for his turn. It is a steel cart that loops the track several times before stopping. It makes him dizzy just looking at it, but not impressed.
	“Only a few more Liam, I promise” says Aunt Vickie. 
She seems more excited than Liam. They get in the cart, and ride around the loop at super fast speeds. Liam feels dizzy for someone caught just days before summer vocation playing on the school swing set. It must be the metal shakes and creaks, as they reach speeds faster than anything Liam could ever possibly imagine, that makes him so dizzy, he almost faints. Then the cart slows down to a stop, and the two wobble out of the cart to the park below.
	She takes his hand and walks him up to a ride with the name, 'The Phoenix'. It has an image of a giant fiery bird between two large metallic arms. Attached to the arms are hands with long fingernails containing rows of seats. Liam gets in on the right arm alone. It spins in the air sideways for several minutes, over the lakes beautiful mid day sun,  but Liam couldn't even enjoy it, as the ride was making his head roll back and forth. 
	When the ride stops and Liam gets out. He drops over the railing and begins to dry heave, but nothing came out. She laughs and grabs his hand, as he walks down from the platform. 
	“One more ride Liam, and I will buy you a treat”. 



Liam smiles as she walks him over to Top Speed Racer, the dragon four hundred feet in the air. He felt nervous again, but was already in the seat before he could crawl away kicking and screaming.
	The ride shoots faster than a bullet and Liam launches high up into the air before being shot back to earth at speeds he never knew were imaginable. The wind peeled his face to his ears, as he made the decent back to earth at over 120 miles per hour. However, it felt like nothing to the speeds he felt with his aunt, they must have been going dangerously fast. 
	Liam gets off and walks over to his Aunt Victoria. She hands him a cotton candy and a hot dog. He struggles to eat his treats. His head and stomach still spun to the chaos of twists and turns, and the smell of popcorn, fried dough and barbecue meat upset his stomach. And when he finished, the long day of swimming and playing began to drape over his eyes. Liam yawns, looking up at her with glossy eyes, to see she still looks youth and energy. 
	“Two more”. 
Liam shakes his head and frowns a little as she drags him off to his next challenge. She marches him up to the front line, and onto the train of the Millennium Force, one of the longest, fastest and scariest rides in the park. He hangs on tight to the safety bar, as the roller coaster makes its slow decent up the track to its three hundred foot metallic drop into a slew of turns, hills and loops. 
	He gets off and walks up to his aunt. 
	“How was it?” 
He opens his mouth, and a stream of projectile vomit launches several feet into a field of tall grass. Vickie laughs out loud. She pulls out her phone and snaps a picture.
	“I guess you liked it. But no worries. You've made space for dinner and lightened your load for the last ride of the day” says Victoria,
her smile full of mischief. Liam looks at her with sad puppy eyes, but she ignores him. She walks him over to a giant metal ball called, The Sling Shot. It connects to two heavy duty bungee chords left to dangle between two giant metal pillars. A giant metal hook locks in, and drags it down to the ground with a metal wire rope tied off like the Gallows noose. 
	Liam watches as the people inside wait for the ball to hook itself, cranking it back down towards the ground. Liam looks at his aunt, his eyes were full of fear. 
	“I'm not doing it” says Liam,
his tone of voice serious. 
	“I see this park has given you some confidence”.
He looks up at her. 
	“I don't like Roller Coasters”  
Victoria laughs. 
	“We're going to do this together Liam. And although it might kill me. I ain't going out no sissy”.
And like clock work, Vickie straps herself in, urging Liam to join her. He didn't want to leave his aunt alone to die, and carry the title of sissy by the ghost of his Aunt- and worse yet- the boys at school. A title pretty subtle for what they were bound to call him in public. 
	“What if I don't wanna?” says Liam 
grinning as he crosses his arms. She looks at him and smiles. 
	“Well then, we can't leave this park until you do”, says Victoria,
 parodying his demeanor. 
	“But the park will close soon”.
Liam presses his lips tight with that last sentence. 
	“Then I'll get a room at Breaker's Hotel” says Victoria, 
her voice, soft and comforting. 
He snaps his fingers.
	“But what about school? I have go to school. It's the law”. 
She laughs it off. 
	“Then I will buy the finest tutor money can buy, and tutor you from your hotel room” 
He rests his hand on his chin. 
	“And mommy?” 
	“She can come and visit you anytime. I'll buy her a season pass”. 
	Liam drops his shoulders and kicks the empty space, getting in the giant ball without anymore resistance. Liam sits still as the attendant straps him in,  tugging on his harness, and than on Victoria's harness to make sure they're tightly secure. Victoria smiles at the young man. 
	“Cute kid” he says. 
She smiles and thanks him. 
	“Is that your son or is that your cousin?” 
His voice is full of machismo. 
	“That's my grandson”. 
He stands back stunned.
	”Wow!” 
He looks her up and down. 
	“You've got good genes kid. Like fine wine well aged with time”. 
	She giggles and winks at him. He puffs his chest out, pulling the mad scientists level on the side without any prior warning.
	The ball unlatches, shooting off into the air, flinging over 100 feet up before falling back down in a free drop. It catches the bungee chords, launching back into the air before free falling back down to the earth. It reminds Liam of when he was a young child, and his father used to throw him up in the air before catching him on the way down, and tossing him back up again. Victoria screams and clings to Liam whose trying to act tough. But soon, even he grabs on to Victoria himself and starts screaming for dear life.
	The ride stops, and the attendant helps them out of their seat. 
	“Did you enjoy the ride?” 
He looks her hard in the eyes. Liam jumps out exhausted from the trip. Victoria slithers out with the attendants help. She hands him her business card, batting her eyelashes before grabbing Liam by the hand and walking towards a strange shop.


	“You wait out here Liam. I'll be right back”. 
She walks inside the shop, as Liam looks inside from along the small village of shops and food stands. The building is filled with images of stars, wizards and other bizarre images. From these glass displays, he can see the last of the sun now fading, as it reflects off the obsidian mirrors and crystal balls inside the shop. St. Georges Dragon, Occult Coins and Collectibles is painted in bright yellow paint on the glass pane at where he stands eye level. The woman working behind the counter is as strange as her business.
	She wears a cotton tube top that exposes her large perky bosom, a bright purple scarf around her head, and a bright blue ascot around her neck, with large gold hoop earrings and gold rings on every finger. She has eyebrows and lipstick tattooed on her face, and her eyeliner is a thick wicked witch green. And her teeth crooked, broke, fallen out, and rotting. 
	She presents to Victoria a knife, about nine inches in length with a gold scabbard and a jewel encrusted handle. Victoria hands the woman a thin plastic card. The shop owner scrolls it down a large box with a slot, before placing the card on top of the object wrapped indiscreetly its paper bag, and sliding them over the counter to Victoria. Victoria walks out of the store and hands Liam a large golden coin with the image of a knight stabbing a dragon through the throat with a spear. 
	“Don't loose that. That is you're medal for today's bravery.” 
Liam looks down, then back up at Aunt Victoria, and then back down at the coin. He lifts it up to her, and she grabs it back from him 
	“Smart boy Liam”. 
She places the coin in her purse before grabbing his hand. 
	The sky turns red while they ate along the Mariana. It was the the most exquisite restaurant in the region, Bay Harbor on Cedar Point. For appetizers, Aunt Vickie orders Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail with a nice glass of Chardonnay, and a Diet Pepsi for Liam. 
	For dinner, Aunt Vickie orders the Lobster Bisque and Fresh Garden Salad. Liam, who enjoys seafood very much, orders the Lobster Tail which he eats greedily, whose side dish of herb infused mash potatoes was a slice of heaven. 
	When they finished eating, they step back out onto the Mariana, and into the sailing yacht with full bellies. Liam looks back at the amusement park as it sparkles in light of the now descending sun. The flashing bulbs of the parks rides dancing in the wind. Liam yawns. 
	“Come Liam”. 
Victoria moves his limp body across the ship, down the stairs of the portal, and through the living quarters, where at the far end of the hall, they find his backpack on top of the bed. Victoria pics up the bag, and slips his shiny new coin into it. Liam falls out of consciousness the moment his body meets the bed. She kisses his forehead, and walks out into the descending sun.  
	After putting Liam to bed, Victoria invests some time looking out over the water, where a wave of loneliness rushes through her, and she frowns. 
	“You still miss him, don't you” asks Larson. 
Victoria stands silent, as the quite lake bobs beneath their feet. A large shadowy blob stands outside Victoria's line of sight,  busy behind the sails, as Larson steers the vessel. 
	“Those were different days” says Larson. 
	“I know” says Victoria,
looking deeply out over the water. 


	“I still remember when  aunt Margaret came home that mourning looking pale, and I knew that something bad was afoot. And then she had the guff to gather us around the table, to tell us her fortune. I still feel the old bat should have been the one to drown”.
Larson said nothing, only listening.
	“ I remember inviting him to swim that mourning, and rush out to the beach, but he was nowhere to be found. I thought he left without saying goodbye, but when his body was found two days later, washed up on shore. I knew it was this family and this lake. Poor Alfred. I love him and the spirits know it. And this is all your fault uncle”. 
Larson stands tall behind the helm. 
	“The spirits grow more and more restless with each passing year. They seek retribution and it is our duty too make sure they don't get it”. 
He looks over the waters into the universes darkest oceans, as the crisp autumn air combes through his ancient hair.
	“Your brother slipped away earlier this afternoon. You think he contacted the boy”.
The shadowy blob controlling the sails began to grovel.
	“Oh, shut up you twit.” says Larson. 
	Liam stirs restless in bed, as his unconscious unlocks things he doesn't understand. A woman's head swings from a rope. He sees the rope fall. The shadow hangs there. It repeats the pattern, rocking back and forth. Liam squirms back and forth as the noose swings. 
	Then it stops, and he hears a whistle. The sound gets louder. His head begins to hurt. He sees the bodies of miners floating deep underwater. They pound, and they shout, and they scream. But only in vain, as all is trapped down their in that murky cave. And yet still they pound on the ceiling, before dropping to the bottom of the cave, only to float back up, to try again. 
	Liam wakes up and finds he wets himself. He looks around and all was quite in the sleeping quarters. And outside too, is quiet, and the ship too, is still, and being in their was like in a jar, trapped somewhere in space, and suspended in time.
	“Auntie?” asks Liam,
his question answered by the echoing into silent. Liam stands up and walks to the door. 
	“Auntie?” he shouts,
but only the echo rose, to fall again into silent. 
	“Auntie?” cries Liam. 
His voice was loud, hysterical. But all remained silent. He did not see or hear or taste, he only felt a shiver as it ran up his spine. He was all alone and didn't know what to do. He began to cry, when he heard the loud thud of boots on the hull. He froze to listen, but nothing came of it. 


	He walks through the hallway into the dining room and all was silent, the ship was still and the footsteps crept no further. He saw the door that lead to the deck of the ship; and steps out into the night.
	The moon was full and the lake oozed with that same thick fog from this mourning. In the distance, is a large brick house overlooking the lake. Creeping forward, Liam shivers in the nightly cold, and finds a torch burning along some smooth stone steps leading up to the house. He walks towards its light, but feels a hand reach out and grab him. He jumps forward away from the assault.
	A large black shadow steps into the moonlight. The object was that of a hunched back man with a large stomach, tall skinny legs and a thick silvery beard. He wore the wool trench coat with round gold plated buttons. Liam began to cry.
	“Quit scaring him, brother”. 
Victoria steps down with a torch in hand. 
	“This is what happens when you try to step out on the family” says Victoria, 
her smirk turning from sweet to poison. 
	“And you still haven't forgiven him for murdering your twin brother. But it was for the best of the family”. 
The tall slim rugged figure of Larson walks out of the shadows, and Victoria walks down beside him, the two of them standing on the dock waiting for him. 
	The hunchback man murmurs a shrill whine before walking up with a tear to Liam, stroking Liams hair, as Liam tries not to look into his mutilated face. 
	She takes out the knife she bought, unsheathes it and grabs Liams hand. And before he knew what was happening, his fingertip was sliced open. 
	She pulls out an old parchment, unrolls it and asks him to sign his name below a bunch of ancient symbols. He did as she asks and she smiles. She than rolls it up and begins ascending the stairs. Liam stands on the deck looking at her, and at the torch- she carries. 
	“Come”. 
Liam followers her, as Nerander reaches his hand out to the boys now fading body ascending up the stairs. His other hand clenching his heart, as its being torn into pieces, his breadth suffocating from the constriction of invisible serpents. 
	They walk up the steps to the house. In the distance, Liam notices an old grind mill. Its stone structure beat down over decades by erosion, and leaving the impression of an ancient Roman temple broken down along the cliff side.  
	The Steps lead past a  jagged tower whose sharp tip reaches seven stories into the air, twisting at odd angles, as it widens at the base before connecting at ground level to the side door of the Ranch. Its turrets and pinnacles unevenly level at off key points in its architecture. 
	The house itself is modern compared to the tower in both style and personality, which many have described the house as being comfortable and naturalistic, with a deep concern for the surrounding landscape. It is in fact, one of Frank Loyd Wrights lesser known masterpieces, kept in the dark because the Mason-Kross families notoriety and reclusive lifestyle.


	Liam follows, as they enter the large green solid double copper doors, into the front room with its low ceilings covered in blood red oak. The blood red trim framing out rectangle panels of Tiffany Glass. Images of a man burning alive is seen above. The image of books burning is seen in another panel. The image of a demon in yet another scene. The image of Satan with his pact in hand is seen stretching now towards the end of this spacious room. 
	The right side, with its large window descending several floors from the cliff side down to the beach. And through their windows, Liam can see the view of the ever expanding nothingness of night and vast endless waters of Lake Erie. The moonlight piercing back through the cathedral windows, revealing the wood railing of spiral staircase leading down deep into the high cliff. 
	The left side of the room is filled with antique Black Oak and Blood Oak furniture.  A life size statue of Laocoon, whose arm stretches out an agony as he witnesses the death of his sons, himself and his beloved city of Troy, stands life size above a gallery wall of dark paintings. From the wall hangs Goya's Saturn Devouring His Son, from floor to ceiling, with its worried face of the Roman God, as he tears the head off his own child. Fuseli's Nightmare, the size of a grown man, hangs next to it. A Romantic homage to the woman hanging over the bed, pale horse in the corner, night hag on her chest. A head sized reprint of The Death of Socrates by David hangs under The Nightmare. However, the gallery also includes a pedestal with a jar containing a head in formaldehyde. A fetish staff with seven shrunken heads hanging from it. And Various Hansel and Gretel nick knacks that make the rooms main motif.
	Victoria walks on through the house into a pair of open double doors beyond, out towards a path past the garden and across the fields, to an area so overgrown that its barely visible by sunlight. Liam follows close behind her. 
	He did not fear her. After today, life was but a roller coaster ride. And as they trample across the gated community of Johnson Island, Liam notices how calm it is that night. Not even the crickets can be heard chirping.
	The trail leads them into Confederate Cemetery. They stop to admire the dead whose old tombstones tell many tales, but even fewer names, as some of the tombstones were flat and smooth-nameless. Their stone nameplates thin and brittle from the natures ceaseless chisel- who takes flesh, and name, and some day, bones to dust 
	Other tombstones stood peaceful, carrying well crafted crosses on top, and other works of art. Like that of the beautiful life size angel kneeling over a passing tombstone, crying, only to stop as they pass, to gaze at them from the corner of its eye, keeping watch under clasped hands. 
	They also pass a life size bronze statue of a monk bent over as he prays to god above. He holds a Rosemary forever in his hand. He stops praying when he takes notice of their presence. He seems to glare at them from under his rosemary. 
	“The spirits are restless”smirks Victoria.
	Emotions begin to pierce through Liam's mind. They fill his body with horror and dread. Knives cutting through flesh. Blood. Liam shakes violently, as Victoria giggles.
	 “Youre mother sold you out, my boy, my egg, mixed with your father's seed. She wants to be rich and her prayers answered. All praise, Christian Rosencratz, who brought us the occult knowledge from the far off stretches of space and beyond” cries Victoria,
letting out a deep billowing cackle.
	“And his companion Lucifer, the Light Bringer, who lets us see and live beyond the veil”, shouts Larson, standing in the shadows ahead, carrying an old French Grimoire. 
	“This world of success comes with a price, my son, one you must prove to the family”. 
	They walk towards a large stone building with a broad iron gate that looks old, but is well kept in good maintenance. On the front was the name MASON-KROSS carved into the stone. 
	“Our family catacombs” says Larson, 
as he pulls out a set of old iron keys encrusted with jewels and occult symbols. He scrolls through them until he finds the one. 
	“And only I know it's secret”. 
He turns the key and opens the iron gate. They step inside. 
	The small stone building contains large round openings with flat bottoms, where upon them, rest the families corpses, rotting into decay. 
	“Those are the bodies of our ancestors. See how they wear the clothes of the common stock. Our faith put into question by our own countrymen. For they did not see the way of two lights. The light of grace and the light of nature. But through it we have mastered the formulas of Paracelsus”. 
	He walks into the catacombs and begins to get smaller. Victoria follows him, with Liam behind her, as they to get smaller, the crypts floor sloping down at an angle, causing the room to change size. And from this now visible angle, they begin to descend down a spiraling staircase into oblivion. Liam shadowing behind them, as the three ancestors descend beneath the lake. 
	“You're first initiation officially beings tonight” says Victoria,  
her voice hopeful and full of cheer. 
	“You must prove yourself to us. Ages nine, thirteen, twenty one and thirty three are all steps” say Larson, as he runs his fingers across the pages of the old French book of Magic.
	The stair case descends into a large cavern chiseled out into a rough stone pattern. Slated chunks of gray stone long lay dead on the cavern floor. The expansive space empty except for the large columns carved out of the stone itself.  Its ceiling high and smooth.
	“This is the mine that started it all, the mine, who with the guidance of the spirits, lead us to treasure. Our Great Ancestor, Louis Paul Mason-Kross, up in the right corner of the crypt, with the help of his brothers both of ancestry and of faith, dug this shaft with their own shovels. And do you know what we found? A rare Red Diamond. That Diamond is still in this family today and is an many respects, the source of our power. Because, yhrough this rare gem, we were able to fund our first businesses” he hisses.
	They walk deeper into the cave through tunnels that lead still deeper, passing the cobweb decor of an old science laboratory, with its rusty chemistry beakers laying on rusty iron tables. And for having no electrical wires to it, the room glows with an unnatural brightness.
	Larson flips through the pages as they walk through the underground tunnels- passing the lab. 
	“That is where we learned the mysteries behind the secret of immortality. Many have died here, their souls still haunting this bay. But it was not in vain. It was through their sacrifices that we still stand here today”.
	He places his finger in the binding on the correct page, and closes the book, turning his finger bright red.  Liam says nothing as he follows them deeper still into the cave. Each cave is different. Some were tunnels drilled out into bigger mines. Others were natural cave system strung across the bed of the lake.
	They come finally, after some time, to a smooth tunnel that leads into a large round room. At the far end of the room is an alter with a giant inverted star upon it. In the center of the room is a pit where suspends above it a giant stone block anchored by a block and tackle system. Another larger inverted star wraps around the pit, with candles lit all around it. The candles dancing as they show the reflection of a human figure struggling within in the pit. A rope connecting to the tackle system is noticeable between flickers of light from the burning candles and soft draft.
	Victoria moves Liam over to the rope and hands him the beautiful jewel encrusted knife she bought earlier. 
	“You will know when it is time to cut the cord. It is written into your very DNA. Now it is up to you to tap into that double serpent”.
She walks behind the boulder, and stands on the stars top point, just below the alter, raising her hands towards the sky. Larson walks behind the Alter, standing above them. They began to chant in an unearthly language. It reminded him of a language used in several stories he read in his fathers rare collection of Hardcovers published by Arkham House
	Victoria's torch reveals Larson's sepia tone skin like that of old film stock preserved with copper. The skin is wrapped in a brittle texture like that of an ancient papyrus scroll. The top of the skull decayed through, exposing an empty pit of brainless evil . Larson was human in another life but today stands testament of the blasphemy found in the dark corners of the Hermetic tradition. 
	Liam stood in awe at the monstrosity. He was not afraid anymore. He felt a surge of corruption pass through his body. Flashbacks merging to the surface from the deep recesses of his early memory. The memories of torturing rats to death. Larson let loose a wicked smile. 
	Liam begins to remember. It all becomes clear. He remembers drinking the rats blood. The sweet savory warm vulgar taste on his tongue, and the wallpaper of the room where he first tasted its pungent depravity. He remembers the young woman who stands naked within the circle of the room. Her eyes full of terror as they cut her throat. How they laugh and cheer as she bleeds out. And the needle, he remembers the long needle injected into the back of her head as they extract a thick brown liquid at the moment of death. A how afterwards, they take turns squirting the liquid into their mouths. And how he bathed in that blood. And how he loved it. And how they celebrated in orgiastic ecstasy.
	And then it all makes to him. Hotel Breakers. That room. That girl. The legs swinging from the ceiling. It all makes sense. Liam stands delirious. His eyes glittering demonically in the torchlight.
	From the darkness to his back, a sluggish obscurity rises, its sickly pale skin under a long wool trench coat, as it makes his way towards Liam. It passes him by, rising into the thin figure of the man he saw in the amusement park. He passes Liam without word, running in the light, before jumping down into the pit to help the struggling body, as the chanting crescendos into a Gregorian blasphemy.  . 
	A shapeless, faceless, boneless mass of pulsating flesh begins to take shape in the shadows behind the boy. Its body molding to the chanting. Its face becoming the face of the man he saw in one of the black and white photos of the yacht.
	“Now boy. Do this and you will live forever” it whispers in his ear.
	Liam's lips twists up like one of the roller coasters at the park, as he places the knife on the rope. 
	“Do it. And all that you desire is yours”. 
Liam caresses the threads with the sharp blade. He watches the man in the pit struggles with the body. He has her almost free when the old man screams in Liam's ear. 
	“Now, boy! We own you, boy! Your soul belongs to the Blood Red Cross, boy! Give in to your blood lust, boy. I see it in your eyes. We are all slaves here, boy! Shackle your soul to your living body, and mankind will bow to to your feet, and lick the dirt between your toes. I promise you no less”.
	Liam stands still and waits, as his will blocks against the blasphemy pounding in his ear. He waits, focused. His decision his own. And so he waits, waits as seconds turn into eons. 
He closes his eyes, his head pounding, and cuts the cord. 
	The large rock falls into the empty pit. The earth shakes as the walls and corridors; and the earth split along the walls of the cavern.
	Victoria's torch snuffs out into smoke. The tall man slumps down, shape shifting back into his hunchbacked state.  
	Liam pivots his waist to the source of the voice behind him. He finds no face, no warm breadth  puffing down his eardrum, no ice cold heat radiating from the source. He finds nothing. 
	Liam believes he sees a figure slouch towards him in the darkness. But hears only silence. The chanting dead. And their feet standing firm on their position like stone statues. 
“Dada!” shouts Liam.
He steps towards the atrocity that is his father. SMASH! Liam is blown back into the cave he came in. The dust settles around the house sized chunk of stone wedged against the doorway. He pounds it with the soft palm of his clenched fist. 
	A mist of cold stale water sprays across the alter from the large vaulted doors behind it. Its metal rivets moaning ominously as its frame begins to buckle.
	“The quarry is about to break through. You've provoked the spirits nephew. You're death should have come long ago” says Larson.  
	But the shadows were already far ahead down one of the tunnels. Their flashlight dancing to the duet of footsteps. 
	“He plans on unlocking the spirit of the lake. But there are tunnels to the gates only I know. And now that our seal has been compromised, our magic circle broken, the forces of nature conspire against our favor. But even still, our magic wishes to self preserve. For I feel stronger than ever before” says Larson.
	Larson touches the alter with his bare hand. It dissolves into nothingness. Victoria fights back the shivering dampness as the ankle deep water pools through the heavy steel vault . 
	“I'll find you nephew” whispers Larson, 
as his voice reverberates off the walls, and down the tunnel, echoing forever towards its target.  
	“The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.” grumbles Victoria,
shaking her head and scoffing. 
	“Yes. The boy here has committed blasphemy. The test was to kill both parents. He chose this path out of pure will. Such a waste of mental fortitude. Now he to must die”.
	Victoria's skin begins to ripple, as her bones warp into that of a tall thin pale old woman. Her hair growing long, fading white. Her eyes burning red, as a sickly green aura radiates from her core to the surface, creating a reptilian colored miasma around her . Her youthful beautiful gone.
	“I fattened him just in case” she cackles. 


	Liam runs blindly through the tunnels, reverse engineering his steps. They seem so familiar to him. Like something out of his fathers unpublished stories.
	It leads him without delay towards the unnatural light of the old laboratory. The dusty room with the metallic tables swelling up as Liam steps in. 
	He felt so small and alone in this massive space that seems to ceaselessly expand. It felt like he was walking into a looking glass. So he kept focus on a cluster of long dripping stalactites hanging above a cluster of short rising stalagmites.  Liam focuses on them as he walks further into the looking glass. He starts to see an old fashioned alchemist kiln. The wall behind it covered in soot. But whenever he looses concentration, the wall turns empty, and its dimensions stretch. It's only when he focuses on this cluster of columns, that he begins to see the world beneath it. 
	He stops, and focuses on the dead space in the center of the room. He finds the room quite small. The kiln on the right, a metallic medical table on the left, and a large bookshelf in the center. 
	Next to the medical table, is a series of bloody surgical tools, a bowl containing black water dripping from the ceiling, and bloody dirty old rags draping coldly from the bowl. Liam remembers this  from one of his fathers stories. 
	The villain would cut up the body parts of American Civil War soldiers to learn the secrets of long life and rejuvenation. Their entrails would then be thrown into the lake. It made him think about Victoria. Victoria the Great. Victoria the bio genetic engineer. Victoria, who according to Wikipedia, owns several orphanages and child hospitals around the world. Her Hansel and Gretel memorabilia. The victim in his fathers story left alive as they saw him apart piece by piece. Liams eyes and pants began to feel moist, but he fights back, preventing any further damage, and wipes his nose clean, and leaves his pants to dry. 
	And as Liam fights away the fearful urgency of the moment, he finds himself unconsciously seeking out the source of the strange glow, finding it up high, on the long shelf between some books. He begins to climb. Its contents rattling, as he reaches up, grabbing empty space until he feels it hook in his arched fingers. Its intense supernatural light cool to the touch. 
	He pulls it off the shelf with the same attention given to the collection of rare comics, penny dreadful and pulp magazines he inherited from his father. But, the lantern tugs away from his tiny fingers, and finds himself falling, in hopes of softening its blow. It works. The lantern remains unscathed by the fall. Liam on the other hand, scrapes his elbow. 
	Now, it could have been mistaken for an old fashioned Coleman lantern had Liam left it shine above his head. Its base, ventilator and handles design, nothing unique at first glance, except for respects of the objects unnatural solidity. And another thing odd about its was how the intensity remains the same even after turning the control knob, and how, after checking the oil levels, he finds only dust. 
	And as he turns the lantern over in his hands, its light causing his eyes to squint, he remembers the trapdoor from his fathers story. The trap door used to dump the bodies in the lake. Liam looks behind the book shelf, moving the lantern across the entire back of the shelf until he finds it. Liam sticks his hand in a jar with an eyeball. The eye turns to face him. He squeezed it, and hears a click before feeling the shelf push away from the wall. Liam opens it and walks through. He closes it behind him, using the secret locking device before running off down the dark tunnel. 
	Victoria blindly sniffs and tastes her way toward the laboratory. And as she reaches the door, his fear is so thick, it hits her like a wall. She lunges towards it, sniffing it out before letting out a deep screech that causes Liam to pick up the pace. 
	He runs down the long empty tunnel faster than he thought possible, as his moment of triumph dissolves into fear. 
	Victoria turns her head towards the shelf, her keen senses drawn towards a strong sense of human fear radiating from behind it. It was fading fast.
	 She touches, and sniffs and tastes around in the dark. Her hands digging around in the jars of assorted body parts. She pressed down. It did not click.
	A hand in one a jars bobbed gently, its finger pointed towards a trap door. She reached behind the shelf, moving her finger behind the wall. She finds a tiny switch, and pushes the tiny mechanism. The trap door opens. The faint sense of fear radiate off in the distance, bursts through the open door like a heavy of wind, she steps inside. 
	“You have to lock both mechanisms, or one will override the other”. 
	Liam crashes head first into a large steel door at the far end of the tunnel. He lets out a tiny squeak, as he feels the impact vibrate throughout his body. It takes him a few seconds to finds the handle. He spins it, hearing a soft releasing of metallic locks. 
	Liam opens the door and feels the soft lake breeze. He runs outside and finds himself along a private lake front below a dense Savanna. 
	The view is beautiful but he has little time to enjoy it. Liam walks over to the large steel door and closes it. He looks around and finds a large loose boulder next to the door. He rolls it in place, as a heavy banging shakes from the other side of the door, letting out a long heavy low demonic whaling that shakes throughout his body.  And the, in a flash, the atmosphere shifts from the feeling of being hunted, to that of indifference . 
	The crickets chirp and the owls hoot all around him. He can hear the critters scatter through the tall grass, and fish flap their tails against the surface of the lake. He notices the tinest Oak Savanna near the lakefront, where below it is docked- a classic Nineteen Thirty Six Thirty Foot Cabin Cruiser- as it looks out over the long stretch of nothingness that is Lake Erie. 
	Along the beach, Liam follows the dim outline of a path leading into a patch of dense woods. He decides to follow it. 
	A cold heavy sweat pours down on Liam. The path is tough. Its grown over path barely used, seemed to exist only out of pure will. Unlike he trees above, who sway back and forth in  the wind. 
	It seemed like hours before Liam reachs a small cottage deep in woods. Inside, Liam finds fresh clothes and blankets along with a Twenty Two caliber pistol. Liam sets the lantern on a hard oak table, next to a pile of fresh linens. 
	He picks up some fresh clean clothes, peeling of the muddy whores rags Victoria bought him that same afternoon, and takes another shower, before changing into his fresh pair of black jeans, white t-shirt and gray hoodie. 
	But finding the cabin to be still a tad drafty, decides to wrap himself in soft, dry blankets. And, now that he's warm, Liam decides to take a look around the cabin. He finds plenty of food in the pantry, fresh water in a cooler, and a stack of timber by a little wood burning stove.
	Liam after some time, peers into the only other private room besides the bathroom, a bedroom with a nice comfy bed, where on top of it, Liam fines his bags from the boat. He steps into the room, opens the bag, and reaches inside to find his coin. It felt like years since he last saw that coin, even though its been less then twenty four hours. He laughs. He smiles. And he cries. And then out of nowhere, Liam fell asleep with the lantern on the bed, next to his bag. 
	When Liam awoke, he found a light coming from the other room, where the aroma of fresh vegetable soup began filling the air, and where the crackling  of firewood broke through the silence. 
	Liam jumps up, and with caution steps into the room, where it falls empty and cold to his presence. He looks out the window, but finds that only darkness fills the window, but hears a creak coming from the woods. 
	Liam grabs in old Samurai sword he finds mounted on the wall. He unsheaths it, waiting for something to happen, but all remains silent. He looks out the window to find tiny dancing fireflies. Liam locks all the doors and windows before loading the pistol.
	Gun loaded, Liam looks out the window, and finds blue, white, and yellow orbs floating all around him. Liam leaves the gun and grabs the sword, as he steps outside. But as he steps out into the cold breeze, the orbs vanish. He looks around, but finds nothing. 
	And as he turns around to walk inside,slam, the door shuts in his face. Click. He shakes the handle. No use, the door's locked and refuses to open. He sees the orbs return, and than a faint image, like that of a photography, walks pass the corner of his eye. 
	A cold shiver runs up and down, and through his body. He looks over his shoulder. Around him gather a field of faded images moving, and standing in chains, mutilated. 
	They swarm him. He screams, bashing his shoulder against the cabin door. Click. It opens. Liam falls on the cabin floor, scrambling for the sword. He finds it, unsheathes it, and swings it around frantically with closed eyes. He hits nothing but dirt, the fog, the fireflies and the air before striking wood. It sinks into the lumber, and Liams pulls it out. Its sharp blade swishing past his ear, as a clump of hair falls to the floor.
	“Where's the lantern?”
Liam sits stunned, his eyes frozen shut. The voice is familiar. He drops the sword, and opens his eyes. 
	“Dada?”
The tall man with short black hair and busy white beard smiles, closes his eyes and nods his head yes. Liam jumps into his arms, knocking him off balance. He lets out a deep chuckle, as the pipe pressed between his lips lets out a thick cloud of smoke. 
	“Son, we have to go” 
Liam grabs his bag from the room, fills it with food, water and blankets before running back to the door; while Redworth picks up the sword, sheaths it and straps it to his back. 
	“Don't forget the lantern”.
Liam runs towards its supernatural light, picks it up off the floor and walks back towards the door. Redworth shines the light up to the window,  watching as a tall thin shadow walks towards them. He lifts Liam onto his broad shoulders, turns around, and rushes out the door. 
	Redworth runs at an unnatural speed through the dense woods. The orbs, visible in the lanterns glow, keep pace behind them. Liam closes his eyes, before sinking his head in his fathers shoulder. 
	When Liam finally lifts it, he finds them on the beach running towards the cabin cruiser.
	They jump in, pull up the anchor, push out over the lake, and kick the motor into gear. Redworth turns around to find the shadow on the beach. It stands their watching them. Then it steps into the lake, the water rising past its ankles, knees, chest, shoulders, head- gone. He slides the lever down into full torque. 
	Liam sits next to his father, looking out over the water. 
	“You'd think people like Victoria wouldn't act this way. But what one must understand, the lion always feeds on the antelope, and not the other way around. Except, we humans don't have claws, and the raw strength of a lion. What we humans have is wealth, influence and authority. And like the lion, we use them to prey upon the weak. That when you think about it, how can she be anything else?”
Liam watches Redworth steering the boat. 
	“I know that sounds harsh, because it is harsh. Truth is, I never wanted to be a lion, or an antelope, or anything else for that matter, besides a human being. I never wanted claws, so I can claw my way into power. For me, that's not real humanity. You cant serve yourself at the expense of others, and rationalize it as humanity. To be human, you have to serve humanity, and not the other way around. 
	“So I sold my property, denied my inheritance and ran away from all of this. It wasn't easy. I killed my own brother. I was in deep. But, I was tired of pretending that I was strong, powerful. I felt powerless. I had the choice, like you, to die with my brother or live another day. I took the cowards way out. I should have stood up then, maybe even put an end to all this madness. But I coward  away in fear, and ran away”.
Liam touches him on the shoulder. Redworth turns to face his sons warm smile. Redworth wipes the tear from his cheek.
	“And that's why I chose to become a writer, an artist. I didn't just want to tell my story, I wanted to find my own personal connection with the divine, with God. And some days I wake up, and feel like fiction is stupid. I should be doing something more productive for society. I should be a detective, or a doctor, or a scientist. But then I remember. People dream. People think. People laugh. People need fiction. It might not be the noblest job in the world. But when done right, fiction can pull us through our darkest of hours; and inspire the noblest of us all.
Redworth lets out a deep wail. Tears flood down his cheeks. He forces back the emotions. His body shakes. He wipes his tears, tands upright, tkes a deep breadth, holds it in for a moment, and then exhales. 
	“It lead me back here to face my past. The truth is. I never came back for a job. I came back to put in end to all this but was caught by Larson before I was able to find the Spirit of the Lake”.
	Liams takes his hand off his shoulder, giving his father a good hard look in the eyes. 
	“The Spirit of the Lake?”
	“Theirs an old belief that everything contains a spirit. The earth, the sun, the flowers, the birds, everything is said have a soul, including this lake. That lantern you found contains a rare red diamond that's more than just a diamond. A long time ago, our ancestors imbued this lakes spirit inside this stone. And with it, oppressed the stone into revealing its secrets one by one, generation by generation”.
	“Can't we just destroy the stone?” asks Liam.
	“To do so now would kill the fish, the birds, the allege; and cause the lake to dry up. It would destroy our entire ecosystem. But if we unlock the gates by destroying their seals, the spirit will have safe passage back into this world”
	“And the restless spirits a safe passage out of this one” says Liam.
	“Yes. Every spirit that dies on or near the lake becomes trapped in our families power grip. They find themselves stuck in this world, wondering aimlessly, so that people like Larson can obtain immortality. But immortality comes with the price- our humanity. In order to be complete in this world, we all must face death, because that's what gives life meaning”. 
Liam smiles. Redworth smiles.
	“I love you, Dada”.
	“I love you too, son”.
	The pistol dangles in Redworths side holster. The bowl of his pipe glows red, blowing out large gasps of smoke. The chill wind sliding through his hair and across his beret, as he blazes across the waves in the dead of night. The air stinging his hands, but he doesn't feel anything, to busy paying close attention to the lake around them. 
	Redworth slows down along the coast of the Isle of St. George. He drops the anchor in the cusp of the lake where the murky depths touch the sandy beach. He turns his spot light on a cave among a cluster of trees, its arch top poking heads length above the water. 
	“Grab the lantern”.
	Liam grabs the lantern, and hands it over to him. The nod at each other, and without saying a word, they step out into the waist high waters of the frigid lake- pushing their way to the shore. 
	Redworth holds the lantern up as they enter the cave, the father and his young son climbing down behind a water fall.
The entrance is guarded with a giant rock. They watch as the boulder breaks the waterfall into two separate streams that drain into nothingness. Liam goes to step around, but his father grabs his shoulder. Liam freezes, watching the waterfall more closely, seeing where it falls, and finding it on the other side of the broken stream of ceaseless water, draining into a body sized bottomless pit . 
	They stand their shivering, wedged between a rock and a hard place. Liam looks at the waterfall again, and then at the boulder. He notices a large chunk carved out of the center of the boulder. Liam lifts the lantern into the water. The stone breaks apart in half, dissolving into wedges, and sliding into the pits. The water spreads across the floor of the temple into another chamber.
	“I think we broke the first seal and unlocked the first gate. But let us be certain” says Redworth.
	“I get it, says Liam, “the water is the body of the lake”.
	“More like the blood of the lake, and each one of the seals is like one of its limbs”
	The cave drawings of a dragon like serpent cover the tunnels narrow walls.
	“That is just of the many aspects of the Lakes Spirit. And this place is an ancient pagan temple dedicated to that aspect”.   
	The room ahead has a stale smell, as they walk down the long painted precipice. It leads them to a wigwam sized room with a sinkhole. They look down into it, as it fills up with water. The image of a dragon rising towards them, like a bullet towards the surface, as it gasps for air. They step back and clutch their weapons. Liams hands grip tight to the nine inch blade lodged in its custom sheath. Redworth his curved Japanese sword crafted by Masamune.  
	Victoria jumps out of the body, her body stretching into a long scaly sea serpent. She lunges towards them. Liam and Redworth run behind the waterfall. Liam lifts up the lantern, and draws his knife. A giant red tongue wraps around his hand. Her round, blunt teeth inside green scaly gums reaches in for a gnaw. Liam slices her tongue away, as Redworth unloads several rounds into her eyes and nostrils. She slithers away, as the walls cave in around them. Liam and Redworth turn around, and run back to the boat, as the entrance collapses behind them. 
	The Great Serpent” shouts Redworth.
	They get in as a gunshot from shore hits the water by the boat. Redworth pulls up the anchor to find Larson on the other end. His mummified body stepping onto the boat. The boat begins to drift, as Larson grabs the anchor by the base, leaving only the handle tied to the rope, and letting the scrap piece of leftover anchor drop to the deck.
They stand frozen in shock, as the cruisers hit by a wave. The boats rocks. Liam and Redworth use the momentum to push Larson over the edge. Redworth kicks the motor back into gear, lets it rev up before punching it down into full throttle. 
	“When the lantern is touching the water. It seems to act on its own free will. But when its not touching water, it fights them for control” says Redworth.
	“It fears them” relpies Liam.
	“Yes. Because if they can't control it, they will destroy it. And the water will shrink into smaller lakes, and rivers, and the land tilled for crops”.
	“Can't we just throw the lantern in the lake?” asks Liam.
	“No. Because its essence is concentrated within the diamond, and that's what makes it magic”. 
	Redwroth says nothing more behind the helm, as a slow billow of smoke rises from the pipe dangling in his firm flat lips. His eyes look out into the distance, as he steers towards an unknown horizon. The calm sky burning bright with its billions of tiny flickering starlight reflections. 
	Redworth slows down to dead idle. The motor making a low hum. He quickly grabs the end of the rope, the lantern from Liam. 
	“Watch Liam. This is how you make an anchors knot”.
Liam studies his hand movements. Redworth leaves slack on the rope, as he makes two loops in the handle, before pulling the slack through the loops, making a final loop in the rope, and pulling it tight. 
	The boat shakes to a halt on some low patch of sandy earth.  Somewhere ahead, a round orb from a lighthouse tower shines faintly through the lanterns glow.
	“That's Long Point, Ontario”.
	Waterfowl are heard splashing and swanking in an unseen creek beyond the lantern. The lanterns glow only powerful enough to cut across the long beach stretching for miles towards the Ontarian mainland. A lighthouse burns along the tip of the long beach, its foundation submerged in one of the coast line puddles connecting the lake to the tip of the sand spit. Liam stands in awe, as Redworth lifts the lantern higher. The spotted coast sparkling like diamonds. Liam never felt so at one with nature, the moment burning forever in the internal fire of emotion and memory. 
	Redworth tosses the lantern into the water, and a dense mountain of fog rises from the lake, as the water levels fall along the sandbar, turning it into a long narrow beach. They walk down the beach through the fog, as an schooner over a century old pokes through the fogs heavy veil. They walk further down the beach, a tugboat pierces through the fog, followed by a boat with steam propellers. 
	“These are all ghost ships” says Redworth. 
They hear a faint sound in the distance. It's the sound of a violin.
	“I know that Violin” says Redworth.
They stop and listen. The music plays on, but it doesn't get any closer. They turn towards each other, smirking. The music stops. 
	They walk towards the end of the sand beach. The clear water glowing beneath their feet. Several stories below, Liam sees a cave. The cave is giant seashell made from two large thin stones protruding from the water. A giant boulder blocks the entrance. 
	Redworth runs over to the robe, pulling the lantern closer towards the cave. The sandbar rises behind, and falls as he drags its across the bottom until it touches the boulder. The boulder remains solid.
	The water level drops over the deep part of the lake. It slopes down for several stories before dropping into a straight cliff. Liam looks down, shuddering at the decent down into the quarry deep waters below. Redworth tugs the rope. It feels solid. He pulls himself up on it. The cruiser slides across the beach towards the edge. He gets off. 
	“The boat can survive riding a wave, but not a straight dive” says Redworth.
	“What if we lift up the rope, let the water level rise, move the boat over, and lower them again?” asks Liam.
	“I like the idea, but it will take to long”. 
Liams looks down, gathering his courage. He wraps his legs around the rope, using the rubber soles of his shoes as a break. He begins to climb down the rope.
	“When you unseal the entrance, tug the rope, and I'll lift you up”.
	“OK” shouts Liam.
Redworth runs over to the boat, holds it still, and waits. 
	Liam climbs down into the empty abyss. He climbs down, and down. The cavern glowing below him. Spirits move across the sandy cliff. He closes his eyes. The waters coolness feeling closer as he climbs down.
	He hits the water. His arms sore. He looks up, the tall sandy wall rising over ten stories above the water. He looks down. The shell like cavern pinched under the sand felt about the same distance below. He wraps his life jacket around the rope, takes a deep breadth, and dives head first into the water. His tiny hands pulling on the rope, using it to drag him towards the lantern.
	It didn't take him long to reach the bottom. He tires pushing the boulder. It budges, as tiny bubbles rise to the surface. He grabs the lantern, using it to push the boulder. It budges a little further. A few more bubbles rise to the surface. He takes the lantern, as his lungs begin to burn, and wedges it between the boulder and the cave. He pulls it, prying it wide open with ease. Huge bubbles rise to the surface.
	Liam tugs on the rope. It begins to rise. His lungs burning, he holds back the gasp. He begins to struggle, and starts climbing the rope. He climbs with all his strength. The water levels rising higher and higher. He makes its past the half way point, the water filling up fast. He climbs faster, the rope pulls up faster, the water levels rising all around him. His legs begin to shake. Pulling with all his strength, he closes his eyes, and opens wide, to drink in the lake. 
	He drinks in air, as Redworth pulls him into the boat. He falls to the floor, coughing up water. The boat floats calmly in the middle of lake, the fog gone, and water clear. Redworth turns on the engine, moves it up to gear, and punches down on the gas. Liam grabs hold of the rope, pulling the lantern into the boat. The lanterns rope hanging on by a thread. 
	They blast full speed across the lake, both looking ahead, neither speaking a word. The compass needle pointing south. The attitude changing as they cross the border back into the United States. The cold air blasting across their faces. They pass a couple of transport ships, as Redworth zips around them, careful not to get caught in their wake. They were lucky not to pass the coast guard, who must have been docked due to the unusual wave activity. The black waters rising up, with waves the size of houses, then buildings, and then towers. They crash down, rise up, crash. The ride jarring their bones. But, they don't say a word. 
	The boat curves along the coast of a long curved peninsula fanning with its feather duster like geography from the Pennsylvanian coat, separated from the mainland by the coast with a round bay. Redworth parks the boat outside the bay, in Leos landing, along the Isles handle. 
	Redworth moves the search light across the speckles of sandy ponds and creeks scattered and slithering through the tall pine trees of the park. He stops near a yellow jeep parked by the landing. He flashes the search light on and off twice, stops, and flips it on once more, before turning it off. The jeeps high beam flip on once, stops, before flipping on and off twice.
	Redworth unties the lantern, picks up Liam, and jumps out of the boat onto dry land. The cruiser bobs in the water, but does not move, as Samantha runs out to meet them, hugging and kissing them. Her tears soaking into their clothes. 
	Samantha gets in the drivers seat, Liam the back seat and Redworth in the passengers side. Liam stuffs the lantern under his hoodie, as Samantha starts up the vehicle. 
	“I have this strange feeling that we're being hunted” says Samantha. 
	“Its nothing Liam and I can't handle” says Redworth. 
They break up the tension with a burst of laughter. The tears pouring down their eyes, adding some  ease to their frazzled nerves. 
	“I found something” says Samantha, 
as the roar of bellies settles into a serious tone. She backs the jeep up, turning right onto Fisher Drive, arching across Thompson Drive, and finally down Coast Guard Drive to Horseshoe Pond, whose southern tip overlooks Erie channel.
	“That” says Samantha. 
	The lights of the yellow jeep shine on a tall sandy pyramid. Redworth looks at the object, gets out and inspects it. He dusts away some of sand from the base. It reveals a rough stone edge, before the sand falls back over it.   
	“Good work. How did you know where to look?” asks Redworth. 
	“I spent the whole night online looking at maps, and driving around Presque Isle. I found nothing out of the ordinary, with the exception of the island itself. But when I came across this, I don't know, call it a gut feeling”. 
Redworth grabs the lantern, moving it up and down over the lake. The waves rise, the water tugging the jeep towards the bay, as Samantha steps on the brake pedal. He drops the lantern slowly down to the floorboard.
	“Perry Monument” shouts Redworth.
She turns around, and stops. Victoria stands in the middle of the road. Redworth lets the lantern slowly rise. The water begins to rise. It catches her foot. 
	“Go around her” he shouts. 
Samantha punches the accelerator, the jeep jerks them into the grass. He pulls down on the lantern with all his will. It pulls Victoria out over the bay. Samantha gets back on the road, curving around the horseshoe that leads to the tall stone obelisk statue topped with a copper lantern.
	“I need your lighter” says Redworth. 
Samantha pulls out her disposable lighter. Redworth grabs it from her. 
	“Meet me at the boat launch in ten minutes” says Redworth.
He kisses her on the cheek. She blushes. Liam smiles. Redworth steps out. Samantha takes off.
	Redworth climbs the obelisk, lights it, watches for the Jeep to turn the corner, and lifts the lantern over his head, so that the light from the obelisk burns through the lantern. The water levels rise up above his head. He pulls down with all his will. The elongated section of isle breaks apart as the pyramid of sand drags out over the bay, leave a tiny island. 
	A motorcycle floats by, stopping at his feet. 
“Bike Ski” he says.
He makes haste to the boat, parking his Bike Ski next to the jeep. He knocks on the window. Samantha cranks the window down.
	“I need you to get on the boat, and head towards Pelee Island”. 
Samantha jumps in her seat.
	“You have to trust me, and above all, you need to trust your son. If it wasn't for Liam, we'd both be dead” says Redworth. 
	“We should stick together as a family” says Liam. 
	“No. It's to dangerous for the three of us to take on both Larson and Victoria. They'll sink our boat and pick us off one by one”. 
	“So you want us to float out there knowing that any moment could be our last?” says Samantha. 
Redworth rests his hand on her shoulder, but she nudges it away, crossing her arms instead.
	“Mommy, Dada's right. Victoria wants me with her coffee and toast”. 
She gives both of them dirty looks. They smile back at her. She takes a deep breath, gets out of the jeep, walks over to the boat, and hops in.
	“Let's just get this over with” she says, “it's been a long day”. 
Liam steps into the boat. It breaks away from the land, floating out onto the lake. Liam starts the boat up, bringing it up to full speed, steering it northwest towards Peele Island in Canada. Redworth drives the motorcycle down the landing, and onto the lake. The motor sits, as Redworth floats their, clearing his mind of all thoughts, before switching the motor over, cranking the jet ski to seventy miles per hour, and heading towards Buffalo New York in the East. 
	And in a moment, he was gone down the horizon, bucking waves on his wild steed.   

	Samantha and Liam rode west across the central Erie basin towards the only major Canadian island that makes up the Water shield of the Western Erie Basin. 
	Redworth was already basting past the water shields of the Eastern Basin, as he heads towards towards Buffalo, New York. Samantha had an idea of where he was going. She felt frozen. Her whole body shuddering, as a dark cold electricity ran through her. Her eyes turning without explanation towards a patch of water cloaked by the fading darkness. 
	“Do you see that?” asks Samantha. 
Her finger stretching towards the darkness just a few yards beyond the port. Liam shook his head, no. 	“Do you know which switch turns on the spotlight?” 
Liam lifts his hand to flip the white switch above his right shoulder. The light bulb of the brass lantern blinks to life, as its cold dim glow heats up into a warm pillar of pure luminescence. 
	Liam turns left, before circling back around. Samantha stands behind him, eyes observing the thin carpet of fog stretching across the lake top. The fog was beginning to thicken, as a gold stripe wraps across the horizon. 
	“There” she says. 
Her finger pointing just past the port. Liam spins the helm until the bow aligns with her finger. He lets off on the clutch, listening as the soft hum of the propulsion engines steady trot slips to a soft idle. 

Samantha moves the spotlight across the Starboard. She notices the sun as it pokes its head above the earth. Its golden crown damned behind a wall of fog. Its dense steel gray mass closing in around them from all sides and angles. She turns her head towards Liam. He was gone.
	“Get us out of here. Its a trap!” shouts Samantha. 
	Liam remains quiet, as the motor sputters and coughs until the vibrations of the inboard motor could no longer be felt below. Samantha creeps towards the wheelhouse to find Liam fidgeting with the control panel, his little hands busy flipping switches, pushing buttons and pulling levers between twists of the ignition. It let out a sigh, but nothing more. Samantha clenches his tight little shoulder. Liam turns around, giving her a hug. His eyes full with tears. 
	“I failed Dada.”
She strokes his hair. 
	“No, no son. We are the ones who failed you. I wanted nothing more than to be part of the wealthy elite. I only had to sell out my family- my son- and my soul to get it. I can be such a bum”. 
	She cups her eyes, as the tears pour down her cheeks, and into the open palm of her hands. 
	They feel a power current grab hold of their boat, causing it to shake eerily in the water. 
	“I feel it. I feel it. That cold electric chill running down my spine and through my skin. I thought it was your father. No. Its not your father. Its something far more sinister”. 
She pauses. 
	“Can you see it, Liam?” 
She points to the window in the fog, as the golden hour shed  across the clear crimson sky, seen only for brief moment, through a fog-less window. It lasts only a moment, replaced by a thin curtain of fog. But in that brief moment, looking down at the lake below, before the fog crept up around them, Liam saw a large snake slither into the watery shadows below.
	And as the fog began to settle, a tall sickly woman bursts through the water, but only to disappear. He looks around over the water, nothing. He looks up over the wooden roof of the bridge. Victoria stands on top with long rat like claw, with green, fishy scales for skin. Liam screams as he backs up against the stern. 
	“Don't you recognize your own mother?” asks Victoria. 
	Liam pulls out his knife.
	She smiles at him with a love that aches through him. He hates it, and fears it- her attentive look of ancient maternal love. He wants to drop the knife, and wrap his arms around her; but instead, he shivers and lets out a cry. 
	They remain in this position for sometime in the unquenchable darkness, the Great Northern Winds stinging their hands and faces. Victoria can feel a storm coarse through her bones, and looks up at the sky. She sees a thick black cloud reaching out towards them, as if to grab them.
	Samantha notices the light coming from the cruiser cabin, and sneaks across the deck to the cabin below. She finds a flare gun. She loads it, and steps back outside, where Liam and Victoria continue their standoff. 
	Samantha points the flare gun at Victoria, pulls the trigger, hitting her in the side of the head. Victoria lunges at Liam, but he doesn't move, he waits. Liam watches as her mouth stretches open to swallow him up with one gulp. He waits, as he wide mouth expands all around. Now, he shouts to himself, and tosses the knife into her mouth, at the moment of inhale- falling effortlessly down her throat. She stops, coughs up a stream of bloods; and takes a swipe at his face before diving back into the waters below. 
	Samantha runs up to him, and holds him. 
	“I'm your real mother Liam” says Samantha. 
	Liam lets out a squeak, before falling unconscious in her hands. The weight of his body like that of a bag of sand. She pokes him, nudges him, and snaps her finger, but his eyes did not budge. She lets out a whimper, picks him up, and carries him to the cabin below.
	She undresses him with care, and warps him up in blankets before placing him softly in bed. Next, she turns on the generator, and starts up the heat. Then she got undressed herself, wraps her slender figure in some more blankets, and looks around for pots and plates, hoping to prepare a hot meal. 
	She finds a teapot, sets it on the heating pad, and as she waits for the water to boil, Samantha goes outside to check the navigation system and the compass. The needle points West. Other than that, she has no clue where they were, except floating somewhere in the middle of the Great Lake. 
	From the South West, a storm began to brew, its crisp spurts of thunder making their introduction across the landscape. The fog too, began to darken and darken, the sunrise lost behind the black mass of heavy rain. The waves began to rise like houses, than buildings, and then like towers. The boat rose up and down. Samantha mouth drops wide into a gape of sublime awe. She closes it manually to keep the sweet slaps of water from filling her mouth, as the bow beats its head against the lakes watery surface.
	Samantha runs down to the cabin below. She can feel the storm as it shakes through the boat. She clutches a spare life jacket after putting one on herself, and clenches the emergency inflatable raft like her first dolly. 
She lays down next to Liam, wrapping her arms around him and kissing his forehead. His eyes snip open, but once again relaxing into a bag of fleshy sand. She closes her eyes, letting her ears dominate as she tries to let her mind relax. It was no use.
	Samantha can feel the moisture of the rain, and the static of the rolling bubbly clouds through her, and all around her. The soft sputter of the calm waves, as they shape shift into giants, giants that lift their vessel higher and higher towards the heavens. Crash! The sound, over and over again, lingers in her ear, setting off internal alarms she must choose to ignore. 
	The boat tugs against a wave, knocking to its side, and Samantha falls out of bed, crashing so hard to the floor, that it knocks the wind out of her. She can hear and feel, as the skeletal structure of the twists in the storm. She calls out to Liam, her hand reaching up from the floor, proding at his shoulder. But he says nothing, and does nothing. His only expression of life being his tiny chest rising and falling in his trance like state. She dresses him back in his clothes, which she left to warm  up next to the heater, and places the life jacket back on him.
	A rouge wave pops the boat air born, tossing them along with it. Liam plops back onto the bed, but does not stir. Samantha hits the floor with a loud crash.
	Samantha crawls on her hands and knees to the door, as they jerk about wildly to-and-fro. The waves beneath, kicking and tossing them about the lake; rising to great heights, before throwing them, causing them to skip like stones across the lake. 
	She screams, as she claws her way to the hand railing leading to the port. She grabs at the railing, swinging her arm to clench the door. She tries to stand up, but looses her balance, almost sliding back towards the bed. But she holds on, as her arms turn to string. Her face grips, but her mind overrides her fear. And then, calmness fell over them; and as her emotions subsided, she embraces what was on the other side.
	It takes all her strength to open the door at eyes length. She sees nothing except uncanny darkness, and the sweet scent of the cool dampness of the murky lake. She watches as the wind and rain beat, and slice, and claw at her naked hands. But she keeps looking for a sign, an omen, an island, for anything but this blank canvas.
	Then lighting struck, and for that brief moment, before the the mighty clap of thunder; she saw the ship steering along on its own in a clear definite direction, while all around, a swirling system of gray bubbly clouds move around them, and spirits move through the clouds. And as she looks, she feels the eye of the storm look back, and slam the door shut. 
	“Don't worry. The spirits are looking over us” says Liam.
	He lay there still, and silent. Samantha walks back over and climbs into bed, holding him tight in her arms. Her bent eyebrows looking over him, as she burrows her latch-less mouth into his little shoulder. Her consciousness lost somewhere far away from here, somewhere safe and recognizable, as she mediates her eyes upon the wall beyond Liam's little body. She listens to winds softening music, and to the soft pounding of the waves slow tempo. And then, out of nowhere, the cracking of thunder ceased, and all felt calm above and below her. She wipes away a tear, and closes her eyes, soaking in the serenity.

Moments later, Samantha wake up with the surge of energy of someone who has just overslept, and was now running late for work. She looks over at Liam, but finds only a child sized divot of ruffled blankets. Samantha cases the room, but finds no signs of life. She calls for him, listens, but hears only the soft distant music of waterfowls. She jumps up, and runs out the cabin door. 
	The Bike Ski gains speed on the rising currents, as it charges towards the tall sandy cliffs of Unity Grand Island at the mouth of the Niagara River. A body jumps from the water, its paper like skin muddy with seaweed hanging from the loose spots in the wraps. The body knocks Redworth into the water. The lantern floats ahead upstream, dangling from the handlebar of the Bike Ski, as it head northeast along the Canadian side. Larson and Redworth swim towards it. Larson dives beneath the waves, while Redworth dives in after him.
	Larson grabs hold of the bike, trying to steady it, but Redworth bursts the water, grabbing the lantern, and diving back down beneath the waves. Larson looks at his empty hand, the lantern gone. He  revs the bike back from the dead, and heads towards the first set of cascades, freeing his mind of all distractions. He can senses Redworths existence, his intentions, but cannot hone in on his location. He cruses further down the cascades, creeping with caution towards Horseshoe Falls 160ft. drop. 
	Redworth grabs hold of an old Scow run aground, the old eighty foot sand and gravel transporter spun in the cascades some 250 feet from the edge of the foamy mouth of the waterfall. Redworth looks back at Horseshoe Falls, its jagged teeth hungry for blood.
	The scow's wooden deck is dilapidated, its starboard dissolving into the Niagara River. Redworth climbs into the Scow. He finds a hook on the far end, letting the lantern hang in the water. 
	“I have to get closer to the edge” thinks Redworth. 
	But then, out of nowhere, he feels the boat slip off solid ground- bob up, then down- back, and then forth. The strange current of the cascades pulling them closer, and closer, as it turns itself around. He grabs the lantern and steps on the top deck. The sound of heavy chains clink and clatter. The wind sits is still, as the currents grow beneath him. The turbulence of water by the megatons grow intensely in his ear. He unsheathes his sword and waits. 
	“If you move, boy. I will kill you”.
Redworth looks around, but see nothing.
	 “Hand me the soul of the lake, and I will let you starve here, until you are ready to let go” says Larson. 
	Redworth does not move, but stares out over the lake, as Larson moves into the view, knees in the water, his back to the misty mouth of Horseshoe Falls. He holds on tight to the chain from an old grapple hook. The same grapple hook used to help the original crew to safety. The old scow, lodged here in her graveyard for the last one hundred years, now shook off its sleep, as it rocks in the water, preparing for its final duty. 
	“The boat will never last the cascades, and break apart before falling over. I will make sure to grab it from your hands the moment you slip over the falls. Maybe it's just me or my generation, but I've always had a love for the melodramatic” says Larson. 
	Redworth sets the lantern down. He grips the sword in both hands. 
	“Come up here and take it from me” says Redworth. 
Larson jumps up onto the deck. The scow nudges free and begins to drift towards the falls, but they pay little attention. 
	Redworth remains still, the rapid waters moving them closer to the tip of the falls, its misty apex rising, and its crashing sound beating into their heads. Redworths eyes open to the view, the crisp white foam of water as the sun climbs above the skies. He wipes a tear from his eye.
	Larson jumps on top of him, but Redworth falls through into the deck below, and the lantern rolls with the scow to the edge of Horseshoe Falls. He runs up, bending over to grab the lantern. But Redworth breaks through the deck, stabbing Larson in the stomach, pulling the sword up, slicing his heart cavity in half before curving the blade up into the skull, where it gets lodged and breaks.
	The scow plunges head first into the teeth of Horseshoe Falls. Redworth grabs the lantern, tossing into the jagged rocks below. 
And as they fell, Redworth watching the falls below, he grabs Larson's heads, and jumps drives it, with all his strength, into the rocks below.
	The Scow smashes into pieces, as it grinds into the rocks at the bottom. Redworth smashes his head a rock, before falling below the deck of the Scow, as it spins and rips apart, chunks of wood spitting out to the calm water beyond the falls. 
	And then, after a brief moment, the boat is gone, and he could feel water is all around him, and the soft heat of sunshine. Redworth took off his thick coat he was still wearing, as he swam towards the mourning sun. Blood ran down his face, blinding his vision, as he swam for the shoreline. 
	He found himself blind, alone-bobbing their for sometime, as the waves roll and crash around him. He tries to open his eyes. It was no use. The blood flowing over his face. So he cries out loud for help, pausing between cries. No one came. He did this until he was horse, but it was no use. So he closes his eyes and lest the water drift him beyond the horizon. He could feel the storm crashing in the distance.
	The lake was violent, but the vessel was sturdy and Victoria already mastered the lake almost a century ago. She sniffs the air.
	“I smell a hint of worry in the air, Samantha” says Victoria. 
Her voice full of blood lust.She could smell it coming somewhere off Isle of Saint George, heading north. But, she smelled something else. Its taste familiar, but impossible to decipher under the circumstances.
	Victoria looks at the light in horror. 
	“That's the lighthouse off Kelly's Island!”
	The light moves in the thick fog, as the tall stormy waves brew into faster, harder, heavier gulps. The sails begin to dig the vessel into the water. Victoria steers with her magic, while she maneuvers the sails by hands. The ship swings through the water like a rag doll, but Victoria laughs at her winning struggle against the storm. 
	Victoria ventures straight into the winds. She reaches tipping point; but manages to grab at the bar connecting to the mass, and with her immense strength, steers the yacht back on course. The lighthouse off Kelly's Island gets closer.
	Victoria stood dumbfounded as the waves below reach up from a pit, and grab hold of the ship.    The watery hand holding the ship in place, as the vault doors on the sunken quarry collapse. Victoria watches as it collapses. The slow morphing whirl pool expanding to a crescendo, the water trembling beneath them. The feeling of falling. The feeling of falling through once solid water. And down into the murky depths Victoria and her ship plunge like bubbles down the drain. 
	In Calvary Cemetery, a deep howl rumbles over the field on stone, as water rises out of the family crypt. The water oozes out with its sludge of decay over the graves. A caskets rises out of its plot, as the thick sludge with its fowl stench of rot and decay drape over the stone plotted field, causing several more caskets to break through the soft mud, sliding down to the gated communities below. Their open flaps left empty. Their bodies nowhere in sight.
	Samantha wakes up blurry eye to find Liam's divot in the blanket next to her, and shoots straight up to the deck above.
	Stepping out, she finds that the boat rests without moving inside a large Lagoon. It has a bulbous stone ceiling with a large circular hole in the center, where a beam of sunlight shines across the giant cauldron. 
	Liam sits along the Starboard with a fishing pole in his hand. Samantha sits down next to him. He looks happy. 
	“Dada, saved us all” says Liam.
	“No” says Samantha, “we saved each other. And we did it as a family”. 
She let out a deep laugh, its robust tone echoing across the chamber into silence.
	When Victoria awoke, she was young again and the water was calm. Her body lay rested over the pillars of broken sails. The anchor floating next to her on the large flat board of what used to be a yacht. The sails rope looks like knotted hair wrapping itself around Victoria's legs and torso, that tightens the more she struggles. She tries cutting them with her fingernails, but it was no use. 
	The lake was unusually calm, with no signs of human or animal activity. She looks in all directions, as the new days sun began to gently rise. 
	The arch of water over the horizon bent in all directions. And as the sun pierced now through the clouds in the heavy fog, she notices a phantom corpse moving through the water. Its faces grim and full of vengeance. She gave a mean gaze back until her eyes were heavy, and blinks, only to find dozens of ghostly figures now surrounding the wood board containing the anchor. 
	They press down the board, as it slides the anchor into the water. Victoria holds onto the pillar, as the weight pulls her down. She keeps hold, but a gentle splash washes over her hands. It causes a slip. And down she goes into the murky depths of Lake Erie. 
 



 
