





Return to the Haunted Mansion 
K. Weikel

Return to the Haunted Mansion
K. Weikel
Published by K. Weikel at Smashwords
Copyright © 2021 by K. Weikel
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people, if you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
To the younger me that wrote this, thank you for having an imagination and helping me keep it, unlike several people now a-days. Thank you for keeping me different.

To my parents, thank you for all the encouragement over the years. It’s helped me blossom into who I am today. 

To my fourth grade English teacher, thank you for boosting my confidence about my writing. Without you, I’d have probably given up long ago. 

And thank you, God, for giving me a way with words early in my life. I hope I can use them to tilt the world someday. 

Thank you. 
1. Nightmares 

There's someone in my room.
The sheets cling to my sweaty figure as I inhale slowly. There's always been this presence... and it's only in my room, ever since I began having the nightmares. They were so vivid, like broken memories. Wolves, vampires, ghosts... things that don't exist and yet do in my mind. Does something like that make me crazy?
I wrote them down, the dreams, when I was nine. The pages rest in the top drawer of my desk, each "chapter" confusing and strange, like a tale from wonderland. I wish it was from wonderland. The images I described in my stories didn't do the real thing justice, and I didn't understand some things I do now... which terrifies me all the more.
Something clatters to the floor, sending a bolt of lightning through my body. Hastily, I reach for my lamp and switch it on, illuminating the room. I swear I see something move out of the corner of my eye, but I'm alone. Everything is as it was.
Except for the book that had fallen to the floor and the few papers it took with it. On shaky legs, I make my way over to it and freeze before my fingers can touch it. It's pink cover had a flower on the front, its sparkles shimmering in the dim lighting. Why I kept this thing out, I have no idea--actually, in all honesty, I do. The pages were a mystery to me. It was mine. My diary from eleven years ago.
There's a sound of something moving back by my bed. I spin around, trying hard not to show fear, and once again saw nothing. The chain to turn my lamp on was swinging back and forth, as if something had just touched it. Which I did... but it wasn't moving by the time I stood.
My breath hitched and I grabbed the diary. Everything grew cold suddenly, my insides twisting around themselves. I felt so small, so weak... there's no possible way someone was watching me, or even in my room, is there? Ghosts... are just...
The lamp shuts off.
I clutch the diary with both hands as my eyes open wide, trying to use whatever light my pupils can find to see.
And then I see a face.
She smiles mischievously as my fingers go numb and I drop my old diary.
It disappears, a cold chill splintering through my nerves.
"Happy Halloween," a voice whispers, laughter following it.
Suddenly, it's as if the floor disappears from below me and I scream as I pass through it, gravity pulling me down faster than my brain could keep up with. I felt like Alice falling down a rabbit hole. I can see nothing and feel nothing but wind licking at my body as I try to reach out to grab onto something ,anything, but I feel nothing. The only sensation available to me is taste and smell, dirt and mildew filling my senses.
And then there's light. It's down below, lodged crookedly into the dirt, skeletons sticking out from where the light falls. A cry of help explodes from my throat as I pass it, a hole in the wall with people in it. If you could call them people. They don't even glance my way as darkness falls again, the light gone. Another bulb flickers on below to my left, and I whip by it, a chill freezing my bones as the little girl watches me the entire time, her eyes filled with anger.
Looking over my shoulder, I watch as she jumps, falling through the air with me, a few hundred feet up. My heart rate begins to speed up, and I start to reach for anything, the dirt wall not too far from reach. Darkness falls again and I hear a howl. The sounds of rushing water reaches my ears, the air growing damper as I descend.
Something comes into view.
It's a speck, way down below, glowing light blue. I peek behind my shoulder to see the girl has fallen a lot faster than I have--she was almost able to touch me. An utter of fear is expelled from my gut and I turn to see what it is at the bottom of the long hole. The blue speck has gotten bigger, white appearing in its coloring now. Another howl cries out as I recognize the circular image--it's the moon.
I crash into it. Water surrounds me and immediately; I'm suffocating. The girl crashes in behind me as I turn over to face the image of the moon, bubbles floating up from my mouth as my lungs begin to burn. Her blue fingers wrap around my neck and squeeze, her red hair like fire in the florescent glow of the moon. My sight clarifies as unconsciousness forces its fingers into my brain and I recognize her face.
Her name is Megan.
"You left me!" she cries beneath the water, bubbles spurting from her mouth as the warbled words reach my ears. "You will pay!"
My eyes snap open, my white ceiling greeting me. I sit up, coughing and sucking air into my lungs. Was I really suffocating in my sleep?
A chill runs down my back as I look at the old diary on my bookcase. It was all a dream.
But it felt so real.

2. The Tenth Halloween 

The grass has a soft gleam to it, the air only destined to grow crisper as we dip into November. I wrap my hands around my arms, shivering at the breeze. I'd never been able to handle winters, and it looks like this year wouldn't be any different. Go figure.
I shudder as I recall the dream from last night, the one that kept me up until morning. I'd seen Megan.
In my nightmares, she'd be the one by my side. It's like she was my best friend, only she was a ghost. She had lived in the house we'd moved into and... she died in the mansion at the end of that street. I can't tell if the story was actually real or if my subconscious made it up. The house is real, the mansion is real, but I'm not sure she was. Last night is really making me question it.
I jingle my keys in my hand, staring at them as I stand still. I'm almost terrified to go into my house, worried the nightmare will come to life. I march on anyway, telling myself the dream was just a dream and that's how it will stay. I'm just being ridiculous.
A black cat sits in my doorway, its yellow eyes locked on me. An irrational sense of unease flares in my chest, the cat bringing back memories from the dreams. It seems to purr as I come near, still as a statue, except for its head. When I'm just before it, I squat down and hold my hand out, seeing if it would let me pet it. I could have sworn it shook its head right before it hissed at me, darting off into the bushes suffocating my windows. In my nightmares, there was a cat, and he talked...
I shook my head and stood up, feeling stupid. Animals can't talk--except for those on America's Funniest Home Videos, if you can count that as talking.
Opening the door, I could already hear my parents talking about dinner. My dad had developed a gluten allergy and they had to work around that, while my mom had to avoid sugars. Dinners around here are pretty creative because of that.
They greeted me as I walked in and dipped to pet one of our three cats, Violet. Her short tail whipped back and forth as her overgrown claws clicked on the floor. She was the strangest cat I'd ever had, but I'm not complaining. I love her to death.
"Zucchini tacos or lettuce wraps?" My mom asks, trying to make a decision on what to cook.
"Doesn't matter to me, as long as it has cheese," I tell her, setting my purple bag on the couch.
"Tacos it is," she nods, walking over to get out the ingredients to cook. "How was class?"
"Eh," I shrug, not wanting to tell them how much I hated college. All the people there say they're open minded, when really, all they are is ignorant and disrespectful to people like me. Not to mention I freaking hate it here. "It was fine. Got a hundred on my psychology paper though."
"That's really good," my dad said to me, tapping on his iPad.
"I guess. But everyone got hundreds anyway, so..." I trail off. "Doesn't really mean anything."
"When's your next rehearsal?" my mom pries as she glances around the break-in-the-wall to the kitchen.
"Tomorrow. The director's 'deathly' sick today." I slip off my shoes and pick my bag back up, slinging it over my shoulder and head into my room, my heart hammering in my chest. I want to believe last night was just a dream, a bizarre one intertwined with all those others I'd had when I was eight, but I froze at my door, still, like a child afraid to see what's hiding in her closet. My breath shakes as I take it in and twist the doorknob. Violet runs around the corner into the hallway and into my room, click-clacking as she jumps on my bed.
I exhale in relief to see nothing had been shifted, and drop my bag onto my pink-sheeted bed. Violet lets out a quiet meow and I scratch her on the head absentmindedly, my eyes locked on my closet door sitting ajar. I shuffle over to it, my heart crescendoing as I pull the bulb's chain to switch it on. My fingers pry open the small box on top, revealing several notebooks with sketches and stories I'd done from so long ago. By the time I find what I'm looking for, my eyes are dry and my hands are shaking. I pull out a neglected notebook and open it up, the nightmares staring me in the face, bringing back the fear and the chills I'd felt when they first appeared in my subconscious.
I read them over. In my dreams, I was ten when everything happened. Two years before, in the dreams, Megan died the day after Halloween in the mansion at the end of the street. Everything else in the story seems... impossible.
The door shuts behind me and I hear Violet hiss. I spin to open the door, but when I touch the doorknob, its heat burns my hand. I cry out and bite my cheek as I tell myself to block out the pain and twist the doorknob just as the light above me busts, sending glass raining down onto my scalp. I'm able to exit the closet, when my heart drops out of my chest. The entire house has disappeared.
Turning around, I see the closet has too. Around me is a construction site, empty shells of machines glistening in the moonlight. And then the world flickers again, like an old television struggling to turn on. My room, for the moment, is back, before disappearing again. A cold, chilling wind worked its fingers across my skin, a voice carrying past my ears with it.
"We will devour you!"
My room returns to me, the eerie construction site long gone. The air is knocked from my lungs suddenly as I collapse and the wood bites into my elbow. Pain blossoms through my skull as the door to my closet slams shut from the momentum of the fall. For a split second, I believe I can see her face again, Megan's, like smoke in a transparent mold, but it's gone as soon as it's there and my door flies open.
"Did you just fall?" My mom asks, worried. "Are you alright?"
I rub my head, a soft groan quivering past my lips. I wrap my other one around my stomach to hide my trembling. I could feel the atmospheric shift as I nodded to my mom. She wraps her robe around her tighter.
"Why is it so cold in here?"
I shrug, aware I know the exact reason why. Possibly. Unless I'm going insane.
My head freaking hurts.
"Dawson needs a ride to his friend's house the next street over."
"He can't just walk?" I ask, rubbing my temples.
"It's Halloween night, Kat. Please?"
What she means by that, is there are 'bad people' out there that roam the streets and kidnap people who look vulnerable. Perfect time to lure kids into vans with candy.
Too dark of a joke?
I sigh heavily and glance around my room. I really think I'm starting to go crazy. But just in case I'm not...
"Fine," I tell her, grabbing my wallet as I push past her and over to my brother's door just across the way. "Let's go," I demand as I bang on his door thrice and walk outside into the cool air. The weather isn't as cool as it should be, but that's what the weather's like down here. I hear him mutter something from his room as I turn to shut the door and begin to walk to my car. The world around me flickers, as if lightning has struck and it lights up the world for a moment before it's smothered again in darkness--only, it's the opposite. Before me is a girl, soaked to the bone in blood and staring at me with glowing green eyes.
"You will return," she whispers between the flashes I'm able to see her.
And then she disappears, the cool night of Halloween anchored at my feet.

3. Oxygen 

My fingers fumbled with the keys, trying to get the right one into the ignition. My heart is pounding like the beat of a drum and I feel like I'm about to pass out from inability to pull oxygen into my lungs. What is happening to me? Those dreams were just dreams, right? If so, could I be sleeping now?
A short cry escapes my throat as my brother opens the car door and sits down. He shoots me a funny look and I close my eyes and shake my head, aware I'm on edge and not doing a good job at hiding it.
"What's wrong with you?" he asks, wrinkling his nose.
I roll my eyes, knowing he wouldn't care or believe me if I told him, even if this was all just a dream. "Nothing."
Dawson leads me to his friend's house, the daylight disappearing as the Trick or Treater's head out to collect candy as if their lives depend on it. I wait for him to reach the door before I pull away, tapping my fingers on my steering wheel to distract my bran and possibly make the minutes go by faster. He turns and waves before disappearing through the threshold and I return the gesture, letting him know I see him.
Something slams into the front of my car.
When I turn, I see nothing there, not even a car for several feet, and it's completely off and immobile. My breath hitches again as I debate on getting out or not to check it out. Maybe a dog or deranged cat felt like a bull and rammed my car. Or maybe two animals were in a fight.
But all was silent outside my hunk of metal.
Tingles rushed through my fingertips and my vision faltered for a moment as my knuckles turned white against the darkness of the steering wheel. I could feel each rush of blood my heart pumped through my veins, air far from my reach.
I need to get home.
I pull backwards, hoping that whatever it is that hit me is gone, and turn slightly to move forward. When I drive by the spot I'd been parked, I see nothing, and I relax the tiniest bit. Maybe it was just an animal, and if it was, I hope it's okay. I hate not going and searching for it to make sure, but... things are too weird to go searching on Halloween in the dark while some strange things were happening to me at home. No thank you.
I pull up to the curb before my house and let my car idle for a moment, letting Tokyo Ghoul's theme song distract me. I remind myself that nothing's happening and everything is okay before turning my car off and opening the door. It slams shut and the world around me changes to something pulled from my past.
I know this street.
"We've cast anchor in you," a voice laughs, the words wrapping around me.
Megan.
The hairs on my neck stand upright as I turn around, lightning striking overhead.
Old and worn, just like it was all those years ago, the old mansion stands tall on rickety walls. The windows were broken, shards of glass hanging from the window panes like stalactites, and the front porch was dipping with years of wear and tear. Grass reaches up to the sky, which is filled with swirling clouds, all centered around the top of the mansion. It seems even bigger than it used to be back then, greenery climbing the stone and wood and working is way into the shingles on the roof.
Mortified, I fall on my butt, hyperventilating. I shut my eyes, pleading for the image to go away. It's not real, I tell myself over and over. It's not real. It's not real. It's not real.
I find the courage to open my eyes once again and fear strikes my heart. My mustang obstructs the view of my house, everything back to normal. I hear children yelling in happiness as their parents chaperone their festivities. I, myself, am supposed to be at a party my theatre friends are throwing. I wasn't going to go, but now... they'll certainly distract me from whatever is going on.
So I jump in my car, unable to find the strength to walk inside, and pull out my phone.
ME: Hey, I'm going to hang out with the group at Raven's. Is that still okay?
It takes her a moment to reply, my blood pressure rising.
MOM: Sure. Just be safe. Send me the address just in case anything happens and what time you'll be home. Where are you now?
I tell her I just dropped off Dawson and that I can stay the night too, if that was okay. She said no to that, but at least I can go for a few hours and get my mind off these things. She reminds me to be responsible (implying no drinking, which is fine, since I don't) and to stay safe again. I peel away from the curb and begin to head to the party, hoping I have the right address on my phone. 
I slide on and off of the highway, the guitars in the music I listen to screaming at full blast as the wind whips through my car, rustling trash I'd left in the backseat. I come to a red light and stop, my music beginning to fade in and out for an unknown reason. I try to press the play button on my phone, but it immediately stops just after.
And then it crashes as the light turns green.
My eyes search for somewhere ot pull over as I turn my blinker on to get in the right lane, the world outside now dark and terrifying for a girl like me.
Suddenly, I can't breathe.
There's pressure on my mouth and my nose, and another line of it around my neck, making it impossible to suck in anything. There's a honk to my right as my car swerves, and I yank it back the other way, fumbling for the emergency light button on top of my wheel.
The pressure disappears.
Two headlights.
A long honk.
Metal.
4. Caught 

Giggling resonates in my ears, sending chills through my unconscious body. Creaks echo all around, and a slight tinkling shifts through the silence like mist on a spring day as the droplets drift to the ground. My eyes refuse to open, sleep crusting between them and holding them together. The floor beneath me was splintering and dusty; I could feel the sneeze building up in my nose as I lifted my heavy hand to rub everything away from my face. Another string of laughter sets fire to my nerves and I'm finally able to open my eyes, the musty smell making my allergies act up.
I sit in a pool of light, cast down from a hole in the ceiling way up above me. A chandelier dangled dangerously there, looking to me as if it would fall at any second. Two sets of stairs leading to the second floor arched their way around the room, covered in patchy red velvet, darkened by the years it's been collecting grime. There are spots and places I remember from my dreams, painfully aware that this might be one too--but how can it be if I'm talling myself it's in fact a dream?
"You've returned," a voice splatters through the room, the manly sound ending with a defensive hiss. "You let us spiral into the unknown without any consequences on your behalf, and for that, you will suffer."
Figures begin to drift to the balcony where the stairs meet, my breath lodged in my throat. I can't make out any details, but they continue to multiply, lining up behind each other, words whispered in unison that I'm unable to make out. A foot from me, something begins to materialize, a blue hue to its frame. Details start to show themselves, and my heart leaps from my midsection. Megan stands before me, blood saturating her body.
"This is how you left me," she whispers as she fully materializes. Her jean-jacket is ripped into tatters and her orange shirt below is saturated with red. Gray sneakers were growing holes in them while her pants were distressed from something other than overuse.
"Megan," I utter, digging my nails into the palms of my hands, praying to wake up. "This isn't real."
"Oh, but it is, Katelin. You thrust us into an eternal loop, forever to remain in this building and never leave."
"I--I--I never--"
Megan strides up to me, the waft of air missing any scent from a natural being.
"You will release us," she demands. Her hand suddenly finds my throat and I'm choking, trying to push her hand away, but mine fall right through. "Or I will kill you."
Her fingers release their grip and I fall, my head slamming against the floor. The sounds of metal reverberate through my mind.
"I was in a wreck," I croak to myself, willing my body to stand. My eyes search for the door as Megan shuffles away, and I turn around, the double-doors slightly ajar. I expel a fearful sigh of relief and thrust them open. What I see sends my blood cold.
There is nothing around but an empty void filled with darkness. I scooted myself toward the edge, where the sagging front porch ends, to see an infinite drop into nothingness.
"No," I breathe, horror becoming a reality as I dig my nails further into my palm. I can almost feel the bite of blood before I come to the insane conclusion that this isn't a dream. This is really happening to me. And if so... "None of this should be real."
My brain recalls the end of the dreams from when I was eight. The last thing I remembered, we were in an unnecissary battle because I had 'powers' unlike any other. I had the power of belief. Anything I believed could happen would, if only I used my powers. It was impossible, yet I could feel it ring true as it resonated through my bones. The dreams were so bizzare, so unrealistic and shallow... What happened when I'd passed out after the fight?
Something shoves my shoulder and nearly sends me hurdling over the edge. I cling to a splintering pillar of wood standing next to me, letting out a cry as I spun around. Megan's face was turned down, twisted into a scowl as she gripped my wrist with more strength than I could imagine an eleven year old girl to have.
"You should have never seen me the day I came into your house, and you should have never spoken to me. You should have left me alone."
Her other hand pushes me over the ledge and I fall, down, down, down, like Alice. I can feel the scream in my chest, but it never makes itself known, the wind tugging at my hair like an impatient child.
Something catches me, cradling me like a baby as my momentum decreases rather quickly. I can feel the increase of gravity as whatever sticky substance has caught me slows me down, straining my body incredibly. My head grows light and I struggle to find air, but finally I stop moving.
And then I realize I can't move at all; I'm stuck.
Thick rope-like structures shimmer beneath me, the light from where the mansion is refracting off it. I'm able to make out where the lines overlap, something pinging in my mind--it's built like a spider's web. I struggle agianst the sticky ropes, but, to my luck, I'm tangled in them. I strain my muscles, pleading for them to move even a centimeter so I know I have a chance. What I've learned from movies is anywhere there's a large spiderweb, there's always a large spider. And what sucks is I've never been afraid of the small arachnids--until now.
The web shifts, vibrations tingling my skin as I attempt to turn my head. If this is real--crazy, but real--then there's a real spider really about to bite me and wrap me like a burrito to eat me for later. Of all ways to freaking die, it had to be the most unrealistic. No one will even kow that I've died--except, like, God, but He knows everything.
Through the darkness, I make out small waves of something black as they near, confused until they touch me.
Millions of tiny spiders crawl on my skin.
I scream.
Suddenly, a large, hairy leg jars me from where I sit, nearly breaking me free from the web's hold. The small spiders begin to feast on my flesh, pinpricks of bites turning my skin raw as a large thorax blocks out the light. Two rounded mandibles twitch as the front legs lift above me, a spider crawling over my eye and making me squirm.
The huge spider attacks.

5. Return to Who I Was

My eyes open to metal twisted around me. A headache hits me like a horse and I can feel the warm blood dripping down my forehead, holding the truth to what just happened.
It was a dream. A terrible, horrible dream that filled my senses and felt too real to imagine. But am I absolutely sure that's what it was?
My mustang groans and squeals as I attempt to move. The airbag hadn't gone off.
Sirens wail in the distance, growing close as my vision blacks in and out, motes dancing like dark fairies around me.
The world turns black again, spiders crawling over my skin and biting into me like starving, feral animals. What had I done to deserve this madness?
I'm moving suddenly, everything around me changing again. I am inside a car, hooked up to a machine as beeping fills my ears, making me too alert for my own good. My face and body ache, everything screaming bloody murder inside of me. Am I dying?
Muffled voices circle me as my vision fades in and out, but one comes through sharp as a ringing bell and as excruciating as nails against a chalkboard.
"You will fix the mess you made and you will free us. You will not escape again."
My skin crawls, as if it can feel the spiders. I swear I hear the machine flat line, when my vision turns black. Through the emptiness, I hear my scared, ten-year-old voice echoing.
"Are you real?"
There's the sound of a door shutting as my old room forms around me, the door to my back.
"I'm Katelin. Who are you?" I find myself saying. "Are you a ghost?"
"Uh, no," the girl scoffs. Megan. "My name is Megan. I live here. Or, I... I thought I did." Her frame shakes with panic. "My parents wouldn't just leave me behind like that, right?"
I shift from one foot to the other, feeling as if I'm treading on fragile ground. "No one has lived here for two whole years," my mouth says. I try to ask Megan what's going on, but my body won't obey me. It's as if I'm just along for the ride, trapped inside a never ending roller coaster.
Megan stares at me for a moment, processing this information. "You're lying. This is some sort of Halloween trick." She paces back and forth in my room like a caged animal as I sit down on the chair at my vanity. "What about Fufu? She's got to be around here somewhere. You can't hide her. She never liked to be boxed up."
She reaches down to lift the skirt of my bed in search of her animal, when her hand passes right through. She stares at it for what seems like forever, tears swelling in her eyes. "Yesterday was Halloween," she whispers, her voice trembling. "Yesterday... Tori. My mom... yesterday they were here."
This is different than my dreams, the ones I remember. But if those weren't dreams and I just remembered them like that, broken and scattered... than is this how it could have actually played out? I wanted to ask, to break this moment since it's apparently already happened or something, but I couldn't move my lips. I couldn't even breathe on command or hold my breath. How long would this last?
"The mansion," my mouth spoke, "at the end of the street... that's probably where it happened."
She looks at me this time, a tear falling down her face and disappearing. I tried to feel bad for her, but she's the one who is terrorizing me. This is her doing.
"They found a girl there."
She stands upright, unable to look at me.
"Come with me." Megan's voice is soft, angry. "Tonight."
"I--I can't," I defend, standing.
"Why?" Her eyes narrow at me, her jaw clenched. I was suddenly afraid. Well, I wasn't. But I was.
Nevermind.
"It's too late," I reply. "My parents will never let me out."
"Then sneak out," she grumbled, the edges of her limbs beginning to grow transparent. "Everyone does it."
"I... I don't want to do that. I'm not like that--"
"This is important!" A sob bursts through her taught lips and she backs away.
"I'm sorry. I just met you and--"
Megan began to hyperventilate, her skin turning transparent. She flickers in and out of view, fear filling her irises.
"I don't understand what's happening," She whispers to no one. Tears stream down her face and she runs her fingers through her hair. For a moment, it seems like she's gone forever, but then she appears again, staring straight at me. "You will help me, Katelin." Her voice is rough and serious. "Or else--"
She disappears and began to sporatically appear around the room. I whimper and sit down on the floor, unable to keep my body from trembling. Things on my wall fall to the ground and the old wallpaper begins to peel from the plaster. My world seems to be on the verge of crumbling.
She stops in the center of the floor, her back turned to me.
"I'll become your worst nightmare."
The lights in my room flicker out and she disappears, leaving me chilled to the bone. I feel my small body shiver and a thought cross my mind, begging that this was all a dream, but deep inside, I know it isn't. In my dreams, I don't remember Megan being so... terrifying. Or even so temperamental. Perhaps it's because she just realized she died and she was trying to process it. Or maybe it was because she didn't know what to do.
Or perhaps, that's how she really is.
And maybe I'm in way over my head.

6. Double Vision

There's a hospital around me now. Beeping. Worried voices. Embraces.
My eyes flutter like the wings of a butterfly. I'm not entirely sure what's happening. What happened. I can't understand anything they're saying; the words aren't reaching my ears.
My mother's face comes into focus, something strange about it. About everything I see.
A sheen of blue covers everyone like trapped smoke. I rub my left eye because it feels heavy, realizing it's that side that's seeing the strange hue. My right one is seeing normally. My brow furrows as everything gains volume quickly.
"...were so worried about you, honey. Oh, I'm so glad you're okay."
My mom hugs me again and I wince, apparently really hurt.
"What happened?"
My dad chimes in. "You swerved and hit an oncoming car. The other guy wasn't hurt at all."
My hand lifts to my mouth as a shudder washes through me. I couldn't breathe and my panicking caused me to swerve. And then the whole nightmare factor... I'd be convinced that it was real if I'd had some kind of proof that other world existed. But I don't.
"I couldn't breathe suddenly," I admit to them, mirroring my thoughts hazily. "It's like I was having and asthma attack."
"You don't have asthma," my mom says, staring at me intently.
"I know," I sigh, feeling exhausted and disgusting. I need to shower. I need to get out of this place. "It was weird." Guilt overtakes me. "I'm so sorry I crashed. The mustang is probably totaled--"
"Don't worry about it," my dad shakes his head, interrupting. "We're just glad you're okay."
I nod and swallow as my dad squeezes my ankle. They tell me they'll get the doctor and be right back and I nod. When the doctor came back, I'd have to tell him about my eye.
My parents make their way out of the door and as my eyes trail over the doorway, I take a sharp inhalation of breath. Standing in the middle of the doorway is Megan, my parents ghosting right through her body. She stares intensely at me, eyes narrowed in anger. Her whole body is the blue color, the trapped smoke a part of her too, only she has no color to her besides the one hue. Heart pounding, I cover my left eye.
She disappears from view.
Startled, I leap backward slightly, the heart monitor speeding up with the pounding of my heart. Megan, realizing I can see her, lifts her chin and grins widely, her eyes on fire.
"So you've woken up," she says. "Two more hours until Halloween is over, and I plan to make it last a long time, traitor."
Her body fazes out and reappears right next to me, hand pressing against my throat once again. Her free hand slaps against my mouth, making me grunt. It feels like frozen needles are being pressed against me as her laugh rings out.
"You can't hide in this fable forever, Katelin!" she screeches as I struggle to breathe. There's a howl in the distance as the world begins to darken and I begin to lose consciousness, that black void flickering in and out, the only thing lit up being the mansion before me. "You can't keep fooling your mind!"
She lifts her hand from my mouth and pulls it back, eyes focusing on my choking body. Her fingers then plunge past my sternum, a freezing aching filling me as my head grows light. Bright blue-white light begins to explode from where she touches, her grin seeming to grow wider. Megan begins to pull back, making a fist as she wraps her fingers around something, and it the pain feels like my skin is being peeled from my muscles. I can do nothing but sputter as my body goes limp and begins to shake with pain. At one point, I notice my parents and the doctors scrambling inside, but their movements are too slow, too clunky.
They're too late.
"Believe that this is real yet?"
The mansion stands before me, the rest of the void around. The mansion sits on an island, and I, on a rock, a substitute for the hospital bed. Megan is nowhere in sight. I'm shaking.
Sitting up, I touch my head, a head that pounds with the force of a thousand car crashes. The burning sensations Megan forced upon me are slowly ebbing away, my body not wanting to respond to the commands I give it. Am I asleep again?
My feet touch the ground and suddenly the world around me changes.
I'm standing in my old bedroom, the wallpaper peeling from the wall. My body moves on its own accord, and once again, I'm along for the ride.
Behind the wallpaper, on the wall, are words etched into the wood. I reach up to touch them, the girl who had visited me last night coming back to my mind. It wasn't a dream. Rarely do dreams feel as real as that did.
Time is running low; procrastination is a promise for death.
A little lower, another set of words is etched.
Anyone can be redeemed after a betrayal, but both parties have to be willing to let go.
One more.
Time is unforgiving if you let it pass without purpose.
I rack my brain. In my dream, that didn't say any of what I see now. It said something stupidly obvious and repetitive for no reason. Like, find me now. You aren't lost, you are found. Find me. Now. Or something like that.
I made my way downstairs, praying to God my parents wouldn't go into my room and see what happened to the walls. If I was any older, I'd've tried to hide it with a picture or something, but I was like nine. Or ten. How old am I here, again?
I pour a bowl of Reeses Puffs and gulp it down, my mom awake and shuffling around the house, cleaning and such. I finish and place my bowl in the sink, throwing on flip-flops and shouting to my mom that I'm going outside. I shut the door behind me and step out into the summer weather. It's normally too hot for people and everyone complains, but I enjoy it. I think I'm the only one. If I'm going to complain about the cold, I can't complain about the heat, right?
"Let's go."
Megan's voice startles me. A tremble runs through my voice as I mutter, "You almost gave me a heart attack."
"Sorry," she says, not meaning it as she stares dead ahead. She begins to walk, apparently wanting me to follow her. Why am I even going with her? Boredom? Maybe it's because I think I'm dreaming.
Because I am.
The hospital flashes in and out of my vision, my vision changing height. Voices flicker in and out, voices of my mom and dad trying to calm me down, but I'm calm. I'm good. I'm not frekaing out. 
A sequel steals me back into the world where I speak to Megan as if she's a real person, not a ghost.
The two large doors of the dilapidated mansion are swinging open, a floating pair of gloves hovering in the door. The skin on my body prickles and I'm frozen, not able to understand what I'm staring at.
"Can you see him too?" Megan asks, face unamused by this strange thing. I gulp hard, unable to put into words what I feel.
"I see the gloves."
"So you can't see the person," she mumbles. "One point for me, I guess." To the gloves, she says loudly, "Let us in. She said I died here and I need to know if it's true."
I wrap my hands around my arms, trying to push the goosebumps down.
"L-let's just leave. I want to--"
"Yes, she said that."
There's a laugh that crackles in and out of my hearing range. Is she speaking to the gloves?
"Bite me," she yells, the gloves balling into fists. I take a step back, ready to bolt, as the gloves suddenly reach forward and wrap around my waist. I let out a scream as it drags me through the doorway. I try to wriggle away, breaking free.
"You can drag her as much as you want, it won't scare me away, big guy," Megan says, bored as I scream. One of the hands wraps around my ankle, the second one grabbing my arm and pulling me backward, yanking me. My muscles cry out as I thrash. The hands grip my waist once again and hurls me into the air. My head bumps a hard part of the chandelier before gravity takes me again.
The wind is knocked out of me as I land on a soft surface.
A couch.
It buckles under my weight and falls to the ground. I scramble up after catching my breath and turn toward the door, which slams shut as Megan walks in.
"I'm not going anywhere, big guy, and neither is she until I get my answers." Her body begins to fade out of view and her eyes grow wide. "Oh, no you don't, you're going to answer--"
The gloves snap its fingers and they disappear from view.
"Murderer!" She screams, anger filling her body as she kicks over a dead tree standing next to the doorway. "If I'm dead, prove it! And if I am, it's this place's fault!" She rips a grungy picture from the wall and slams it against the ground, glass shattering everywhere. Tears stream down her face and I can do nothing but watch her meltdown. She stares at the shards of glass on the floor and whimpers quietly, "I can't be dead."
"I'm leaving," I tell her, stalking to the door, when a figure dressed in a ratty tuxedo enters the room, face pale and clinging to his skull. Blood seeps from his mouth, his two front teeth missing. Is this what I thought was a vampire in my dream?
Megan rushes over to me as I watch the man, his mouth moving in a rhythm.
"Can you see that?"
I nod, gulping as I take a few steps of my own back.
"His teeth look sharp."
"What?" I ask. I don't think we're seeing the same thing.
"He looks like a vampire--run!"
The man begins to run full-speed toward us, my insides suddenly rocking with adrenaline as I let out a cry. We race up the stairs, the man slower than a normal human man, several open doorways catching my attention. I'm looking for either a place to hide or to escape.
I bust into a room at the end of the hall, the smell of rot hitting me like a train. I gag, slowing me down, and I trip over something, hitting the ground hard. A groan escapes me as the man leaps on top of me, pinning down my arms and legs as drool mixes with the blood dribbling down his chin. A glop of it lands on my cheek and I wrench from the smell. I pushed into the wood at my back, too terrified to scream, immobilized. He leans down and two elongated teeth begin to appear, reminding me of snakes with retractable fangs. Is he really a vampire? Are you kidding me?
Wham!
The creepy guy goes flying to the side, crashing into a chair and splintering it.
"Whoa," Megan grins, staring at her hands. "I'm strong now or something. Hah!" She laughs as I try to catch my breath. She's insane. She's a little insane child and needs to leave me alone. Why did I come along? I need to leave.
My eyes catch on a flashlight and I grab it, turning it on. The beam falls onto the man and he hisses, scuttling underneath a table filled with cobwebs and dust. He hisses again as the beam flickers and brightens.
"You gonna run or what?" Megan asks me, voice flat and unamused. I swallow and take a deep breath, my body tingling. I'd been staring at the man, unable to believe what he was wanting to do. He couldn't be a vampire. They aren't real. And if they were...
A chill races down my back.
This house is not a holy one.
I sprinted in the opposite direction. Megan is at my heels, hanging back a pace or two, looking into rooms, a determined look on her face. What is she searching for?
Something catches my eye, something like a big dog, and I trip down the steps and land with a thud on a wide step where a doorway opens up. The man has followed us down, but he's more weary now that I have a light. Why would a flashlight light hurt a vampire, though? Normally it's sunlight, holy water, stakes, et cetera. Ughhhh, but he isn't a vampire. This is all a dream, a memory.
The hospital flashes in and out of my vision once more and I stop as my eyes catch on a drum set. I trip over my feet and land in the room, Megan appearing just above me, searching this room too.
"There you are!" She shouts to a corner of the room as my parents faces appear and disappear, their eyes wide and filled with worry. The noises inside the mansion continue to reverberate in my mind, the wind knocked out of me. I struggle for air. The vampire comes closer. With his foot, he crushes the flashlight, eyes in the distance catching in the light beam moments before it's cut out. Megan is in the room, talking to somebody.
"I... can't.... breathe..." I struggle.
The drumsticks resting on the drums lift into the air and go to strike the snare, Megan yelling at whatever's holding them.
"Good," I hear, Megan's voice a separate, second one than the one in the mansion. "You're coming to your senses. Finally."
Everything fades to black.
But I am conscious.

7. The Dangerous One

The blackness disappears as Megan's chilling voice wraps around my bones. A growl rumbles in the spaces around me and I come-to, something extremely foul-smelling bringing me back to life.
Gagging, I roll over onto my elbows, realizing I'm still in the mansion.
A foot kicks into me, an abrupt cry making me jump. With a groan, I turn to look at who stumbled over me, Megan glaring at me. She had tripped over my unconscious body.
"Get up," she grumbled.
Getting ahold of my spinning head, I stood to my feet, the steps to get out of this crazy place just before me.
"Go!" She shouts, pushing me toward the ground, her touch icy and not solid at all. I nearly topple over, letting out a cry as I slip down a step and catch myself on the dusty railing. A growl begins to reverberate through the air as I turn to look over my shoulder. A big, black wolf is glaring at us, eyes glowing red, sending chills down my spine. My mouth lets out a scream and I race down the stairs as the wolf bounds after us.
"You cannot escape this house once you've entered!" He shouts as I open the door and slam it behind me, rushing out into the cool air. He busted through the double doors though, splinters flying through the air.
I scream, a short yelp from Megan joining mine. Pure terror lines her face, even though she's already dead.
"I'm going home!" I shout, struggling to keep my breath in the hot weather. "And Im' never doing anything you say ever again!"
Megan grimaces as we continue to race down the road.
"Hurry," she grumbles urgently as we begin to slow, the wolf leaping into the air.
"Go away!" I shout out of desperation.
I watch as it descends--but it never reaches me as I tumble to the asphalt below. It's swallowed up in the air.
Breathless, I stare at the place it'd disappeared. Megan seems at a loss for words too.
"Oookay," I breathe, the road warm beneath my hands. "That was weird."
"Yeah," Megan agrees, just as out of breath as I am. "But... I think there's something... Um... wrong about the house."
Brow furrowed, I turn to look at her, but then everything caves inside me as my eyes focus on her background. My house is missing.
On shaky knees, I stand.
"My house..."
Megan clears her throat. "Our house."
I stumble up the front lawn, everythign in my mind moving slowly. If I would have never met Megan... If I would have just ignored her...
This can't be happening.
I lift my hand to touch the air, certain this is where the knob to the front door would be--and hit something with my finger. Desperate, I grip it and turn the knob, pushing the door open. There's a strange burst of light.
This can't be happening.
Beeping.
A heart-rate monitor.
For a moment, my eyes feel heavy, unable to open. I can see the ceiling--speckled tiles of a hospital. Right. I was in a car accident, and Megan... She choked me, rendering me unconscious. I can hear my mom, she's jabbering away as my brother says something, something like "She's awake!"
Skuffling. More voices.
My eyelids are so heavy.
So, so very heavy...
The white light takes me again.
Before me sits the inside of my old house, the one I had lived in back then. Everything is untouched... Where are my parents?
Things started moving from behind large pieces of furniture. Wolves. They were growing, snarling. My heart feels like it's about to burst, it's beating so loudly. I let out a whimper as they focus on me.
"It's her."
"The Dangerous One."
I slammed the door shut and sprinted out to the curb when the werewolf that had been chasing us suddenly reappears. It slumps onto the ground just as I trip over my own foot, twisting my ankle on the red painted curb, my butt crashing onto the sidewalk. With open eyes, I watch as the wolf creeps up on Megan, who stares at me, saying "What?" over and over, annoyed.
"This isn't happening," I whisper to myself, my stomach churning. I close my eyes and try to convince myself this is all a dream, that none of this is really happening. 
A shudder washes through me.
Beeping.
"...a cat scan..."
Hospital lights try to reach past my eyelids.
"...never seen anything like this..."
The beeping quickens.
"What just happened?" Megan shouted, forcing me to open my eyes and bringing me back to my prison made up of my nine-or-ten-year-old body. She is on the ground, clutching her shoulder. Bite marks don't draw blood but instead, mist, making her entire shoulder seem even more transparent.
"I--I d-don't know," I manage, my body growing cold in the summer heat. I shiver as I look around me. All the werewolves had disappeared, leaving nothing behind but a wisp of smoke where they had been. It dissipates into the air.
Tears well in my eyes and spill over. I bury my face in my hands.
"There's got to be an explanation to all this," she grimaces as she comes to sit next to me. The wheels in her brain are turning, trying to sort things out.
"But what?" I ask, crying like a baby now. I don't understand any of this. "It doesn't even matter. I just want to go home. Leave me alone."
I shy away but the mailbox beside me keeps me from getting any farther away from her. She purses her lips. Glancing over her shoulder and back at the house, she narrows her eyes.
"The house is back, so that's good, I guess, but what about the wolves? Where did they go...?"
My breathing hitches as she begins to fade from view.
"You're disappearing," I mumble through a sniffle, wiping my eyes. Suddenly I wanted the exact opposite of what I'd told her. I don't want to be alone in all this. Where are my parents, my brother? Even if she's a ghost, she's someone who's been through this with me. "Megan?"
"What is it?" she snaps, almost gone.
"You're disappearing," I repeat, wiping my nose. "Why do you do that?"
Her eyes catch and focus on something, something I can't see. Something like anger and fear fill her irises.
"It's not me, the mansion, it's pulling... come with--"
She's gone.

8. Stuck in the Past 

The mansion?
My eyes drift down the the end of the street where the mansion looms, my heart pounding in my chest. There's a faint beeping in the back of my mind and it pulls me from the moment. I'm still tripped in my child body, reliving the dreams I'd had back then in more detail. From the start, it's been a crazy freak show... but if I remember correctly, it only goes downhill from here.
I exhale.
Maybe this wasn't just a dream after all.
The world pulsates around me with my heartbeat. Am I crazy? Nothing like this would happen in real life. This could only happen in movies or books--or, more logically, a dream! With a timeline as weird and screwed up as it was back then, there's no explanation as to why these strange things are happening, nor why they're happening to me. It's all just a crazy dream.
The world pulsates again and I can see fluorescent lights above me, my body growing light. Am I finally waking up from this nightmare?
"Katelin!" I hear, the voice distant and foggy. It sounds like... my mom?
The lights begin to darken once again and the road is before me, flickering in and out.
"No, no, no, don't go back to sleep..."
Her voice drifts away and I'm trapped inside my body once more.
Seems like I won't be getting out of this dream any time soon. I still had several more entries to get through in my journal.
I grimace internally, wishing I had it with me to compare this with. Anger and worry bubble and mix within me, my eyes unable to move from the mansion. There's a strong, compelling feeling that forces me to stand and move my way back toward the mansion. I am terrified, my limbs shaking, but I know I had to go back. Why? Who knows? Maybe because it seemed like Megan really was scared and I wanted to help her. My memory of the dream, I went back because I was angry at everything, especially at Megan for disappearing on me. I can feel that emotion lodged deep inside of me, but I think it's rooted by fear.
I stormed up the creaking steps and banged on the door with an angry fist, unsurprised as the floating hands greeted me. I shoved down my fear.
"Boo," I say sarcastically, to which the hands back up a slight bit. There's a chuckle crackling in and out of existence as I grit my teeth and cross my arms over my trembling body. "Where's Megan?"
The hands danced in the air as if they're playing piano, the laugh crackling again. Slowly, they pointed up the stairs, indecipherable voices echoing through the old mansion at a low tone.
"F--low--steps--K--te--n."
The voice is chilling as it crackles, but my mind pieces together what it's trying to tell me, my heart pounding in my throat. Why am I doing this? Why am I checking on her? All she's been is rude to me.
Follow the steps, Katelin, is what I assume the hands were telling me, supposing it knows my name. It laughs again and snaps with its right hand, both of the gloves disappearing. They reappear at the top of the steps where they converge, and another echo of distorted laughter fills the entryway. I push a chill down, the picture that had fallen off the wall earlier catching my eye. The original painted image is ripped and torn, unrecognizable.
Fighting the urge to turn back and return home where the werewolves possibly wait, I clench my arms and take wobbly steps toward the stairs. Just a few minutes ago, I'd nearly fallen down these things while running from a... vampire.
I shake my head. I can't believe it. I won't.
A warm shudder washes over me.
There's no such thing as vampires.
"There he goes again, you twerp!" a razor-sharp voice with a strange accent shouts, the words becoming clear as day from where I stand on the steps. There's more crackling laughter and the gloved hands at the top of the stairs snaps again, disappearing. "You're lucky he hasn't ceased to exist yet."
"Save me," another voice wheezes, one I recognize as the vampire that chased us earlier.
"She's dangerous," the first voice says again as I reach the top of the stairs. My eyes peek into the room with the drums and I immediately recoil, hiding behind the wall with a hand over my mouth to keep quiet. 
"Katelin is not," I hear, the voice making me stiff.
Megan.
So she did come here. For what purpose?
"Hey!" Another voice shrieks, sounding like a boy who never went through puberty, his strange accent strong. What is that accent? "Do not look at me. This is not my fault, dead girl. If you would have let her die--"
"How is any of this my fault?" Megan shouts, something shaking. Is she locked up? I didn't get the chance to look deeper into the room; all I saw was the drum set. "How was I supposed to know--"
"Stop resisting the pull of the mansion, dead girl," the shrill little boy's voice tells her authoritatively. "Leave its borders and you only have so long before you fade away. Soon, you won't be able to leave at all... especially if she leaves town."
There's a pause, but Megan grunts as if she's fighting against something. "Once again, none of this is my fault. I didn't even know I was dead until earlier."
"Yes, it is." The first voice chimes in again, low and threatening. "You had responsibility over the girl. That was decided by fate. Now it's you who has to finish her off. Only then can we be free."
Megan growls. "Free? Free of what, cat?"
Cat?
"Free of the mansion."
"Yesssss," the vampire moans with a hiss.
Megan groans. "Fine. I know where she is. She's at--"
"I smell blood!"
The vampire's voice makes me jump and I clutch my mouth tighter. I hear him sniff the air and he lets out a joyous moan.
"Yesss, blooood... Human!"
Hearing him approach the doorway quickly, I dart around the corner and hold my breath, praying he won't find me. In the darkness of the protruding walls next to the door, I try to keep my knees from buckling.
He lumbers out into the hallway and I tremble. Sniffing the air twice, he speaks, voice sending a chill down my spine.
"My scent isss gone," he hisses grudgingly, sniffing some more. Why did I have to come back? Megan was going to give me away anyway, for whatever reason. Why do they need me to get free of this house?
I'm filled with confusion.
"Don't," I hear, Megan's voice hiding her desperation. "Whether I like it or not, she's stuck in this with me and for me, and I consider that a friendship. I don't want her to end up like me."
Unable to hold my breath any longer, I exhale.
"There it isss!"
The vampire shouts at the tops of his lungs and I hear him coming toward me. There's a shout of pain from Megan as I sprint down the stairs, panicking. Why did I come back? Why did I come back?
I pull open the doors, looking back in time to see Megan stumbling forward to the railing at the tops of the stairs, blood trickling down from her temple. Blood? But she's dead.
I don't shut the door behind me and sprint all the way home, trying not to worry about what might wait for me there.

9. Blue

Sprinting into my room without a single glance at my surroundings, I hide myself under my blankets, breathing heavily.
"This isn't happening," I whisper in a chant. "This must all be a dream. It has to be."
The world around me flickers and I've returned to the hospital, everything seeming blurry, beeping in my ear. The room is dark, a single light beside the bed casting a warm glow through the room. A bright moon sits outside the window, blue wisps floating around its edges. A chilling sigh rushes around me and a chill fills the air. I whip my head around, a headache pounding through my skull, and I come face-to-face with the blue tinted Megan, her face showing her frustration.
"Stop it."
"Katelin!" I hear, making me turn the other direction. My mom stands up, groggy from sleeping on the couch-thing inside my hospital room. "You're awake," she says, a bunch of other grateful mumbles tumbling from her mouth as she hugs me. I pull away with a shiver, something not right about this. The blue wispy hue is on her face too, just as it had been before.
She goes into a spiel about what the doctors have done and what they're doing, but my mind is elsewhere. What is going on with me? Why do I keep having these nightmares, and why does it feel like I'm trapped inside my own body while they occur?
Shifting uncomfortably, I scratch at the IV in my arm.
"When am I going home?" I ask, not meaning to interrupt my mom. She pauses a minute before answering.
"The doctors wanted to keep you for a few more days after you woke up to make sure everything's okay with your brain."
I frown. I don't want to be here for a few more days. With a sigh, I relax into the uncomfortable bed. "What happened to the other car?"
My mom shakes her head. "They were fine. There wasn't a scratch on them, surprisingly. It was a miracle."
My brow furrows and I glance out the window. The other person wasn't scathed at all, and I ended up in the hospital? I mean, great for them, but... what's wrong with me?
I shake the haziness off and my mom hands me some water, telling me to drink it slowly. I hadn't realized I was so parched.
I'm discharged the second day I'm awake, the doctors not seeing anything wrong with my brain of my body. I'm perfectly healthy, physically. Mentally, I'm a little cloudy.
Megan didn't show up the entire rest of the time I was in the hospital, but the blue wisps ended up staying. Anytime I closed my left eye or covered it, the blue hue went away, as if I can only see it with one eye. My room was waiting for me when I got back, the dairy on the floor once more. Eleven years ago...
I set my stuff down gently as I stride slowly over to the book, its pink cover seeming to call me forth. The book has a blue hue in the shape of a handprint, sending a chill down my back. I reach down to grab it and the handprint immediately disappears, a small chuckle reverberating around me. Is Megan here?
Goosebumps trailing my skin, I sit on my bed and read through the short entries.
"Why did you go back? I didn't need your help."
I jog my memory with the stories, a cold sense filling the cavity in my chest.
"What do you mean? I went back because of you."
Could this have really happened to me?
Another laugh pulsates around me, my house disappearing. I'm standing in my room from eleven years ago, Megan trembling with anger before me, diary open next to us. She'd read my last entry about her at the mansion. I couldn't wrap my head around all the craziness, so I did what I knew to do: write about it.
"You don't trust me, do you?"
My ten-year-old self squeezes her lips shut. This time, I'm staring at the two of us from my own eyes, blue enveloping me like it had for Megan.
"Do you?" She nearly shouts. I recognize the hurt. She'd only known me for a short time at that point, but... maybe she was so upset... because I was the only real thing she could cling to.
I clutch my sternum.
"Barely," I hear myself whisper. Megan hesitates, clenching her jaw as she takes a step toward my tiny self.
"What?" She snaps.
"Barely," I tell her, unable to look her in the eye. At that, a fire lights in her eyes and I see her physically cave in the slightest, eyes watering. It's barely noticeable at first.
"Thought so." She turns away, her fists clenched at her sides. "You don't understand how lonely it is."
"Why?" I heard myself ask, guards up and guilt wrenching my body.
"Who are you talking to, Kat?"
My dad makes the younger me jump, but I knew he was coming. I remember. This couldn't have really happened... It couldn't have.
The world flickers.
"Um..." My young eyes flick to Megan. "Myself."
This couldn't have been real.
The room pulses.
"Well, keep it down, would ya?"
The air is knocked from my lungs and I drop to my knees.
"Sure, dad," I hear myself say as he closes the door.
"You're believing," I hear, the airy whisper filling the space.
"You can distrust me all you want, but don't come back tomorrow," Megan warns the younger me as my chest continues to constrict. "They'll be making a plan and you need to be as far away as possible, idiot," she snaps, adding the insult to make me feel like she doesn't really care what happens to me.
I gasp, unable to breathe as I fall to the floor, my cheek against the cool wood.
"What's the plan?"
"Just don't go back," she pushes angrily.
A blue figure appears before me, dropping her bloodied head in my line of sight, red hair pooling around her as the wisps devour her skin.
Megan.
"Promise?"
"I should have never warned you," Megan says, her bloody sneer turning into a sadistic smile.
"Promise."

10. The Blame Game 

It took forever to fall asleep. After the vision of the memory or dream, I'd stood up off my floor and I couldn't shake the cold air wrapping around me. Just after, I'd fished the journal off the floor and skimmed over it again, terrified it'll happen again, that I'll get sucked into whatever I saw. There must be some reason as to why I saw that when I did, and why the Megan who's terrorizing me now appear there? Something's off, and I don't understand it. If these were supposed to be dreams, then why is Megan telling me they aren't?
In my little dreams, I went back to the mansion, despite Megan's warnings. There, the supernatural beings were discussing powers. Like superhero powers. I'd been caught by a black cat and ran out the mansion, only to see an abyss of nothingness, the ground giving way to a never-ending drop of blackness. It's a startling image in my mind as I recall what I'd seen of the mansion recently. I nearly tumbled over the ledge as they cornered me, a werewolf snarling and leading the group like a pack. The werewolf lurched, making me lose my balance and I fell, holding onto the edge like in those cartoons , and Megan declared us enemies before stomping on my hand to let me plunge to my death.
Then it all turned out to be a dream.
Once again, I sprinted to the mansion and through a window and headed up to the band room, where Megan was lying unconscious. I gave away my position and was able to get out of the house, exiting through the same window, and I crouched down beneath it. The bushes rustled and a wolf--werewolf--pounced from the bushes and bit deep into my leg. It let go, giving me a bloodcurdling smile and leaped inside the mansion. I couldn't move. Eventually, the pain ceased just enough so that my body wouldn't lock up each time I moved, and I used the windowsill to stand, peering into the kitchen, dragging myself back inside.
Why did I keep going back? Was I an idiot?
I was able to make my way up the stairs once more, the beings scattered around the mansion for whatever reason, and I collapsed right beside Megan. Down her arm was a bite marks in the shape of a snout, the same shape on my calf. In shock and fear, I reassure myself that she's a ghost, which means she can't die again, and make my way home, somehow not alarming the paranormal things lurking around. My mom freaked out when I came home, and I told her that a dog attacked me. She wanted to call the police and animal control and whatever else while she bandaged me up, but I lied and told her the dog got ran over so it's okay. She told me to change and that she was going to take me to the ER. With a groan and a mutter I went to my room. On my bed was a pile of reanimated bones, watching television.
Seeing it made me angry and the next thing I knew, the world was silver and then pitch black. I'd fainted.
I look around my room, feeling as if there's eyes watching me. tightening my jaw, I go back to reading.
I woke up the next morning and something felt way off. I hadn't gone to the hospital and I was on my floor, red blood staining my white carpet. For a moment, my hand seemed transparent and I panicked, but it was solid once again the next moment.
My house was eerily quiet, so I got up to look around. My brother was playing his game in his room, and when I went to go check on him, he turned his head toward the door slowly, creepily, before snapping it back to play his game.
Back in the kitchen, I called for my mom and there was a loud bang. In the kitchen, the black cat from the mansion had gotten a bowl down--how random--and hissed and disappeared into thin air, soon after, it attacked my wound.
Moving forward a few pages, apparently I'd turned into a ghost and Megan had become human once more. It seems as though it sent her back in time, and if we didn't return to how we were, I'd disappear forever. The werewolf had approached us and revealed that her brother was behind the swap. They looked exactly alike, so she told us t put some blue paint on her fur. Paint that had been in the mansion already. How we were able to use an old thing of paint, I'd no idea, but whatever. A lot of these dreams don't make any sense.
All we had to do was walk in the band room together and we'd return to normal. Megan ended up getting cold feet and began to leave, the werewolf, whose name is Keea, and I protesting. When she saw me again, she screamed. I began to disappear piece by piece, the pain excruciating. Blood began to seep from my hairline and I completely disappeared.
I laid unconscious on the floor, flickering in and out of existence as a wolf stood over me, blood pooling around my body as I sat up, coming-to. I stood up but my legs buckled from underneath me and the floor collapsed. I ended up in a large dining room, where I ventured into the kitchen, where I met a headless cook. Megan found a way downstairs and helped me escape, only to turn around and get dragged back into the kitchen with Megan and Keea as well. Something reminded me of when I went into the mansion and they were talking about powers that I had.
Before I knew it, my eyes were glowing bright blue, a sense of calm washing over me as ghosts, zombies, and ghouls began to sprout from the floorboards, destroying the ground. I watched, unmoving as Keea and Megan fought against those trying to restrain us. Each time a creature that fought for us was wounded, pain struck me, shaking the mansion. It was as if a sudden burst of energy rushed through me and I was suddenly able to break free of the beings holding me. Everything seemed to disappear as I fainted, exhausted. 
The entries end there, a cliffhanger. It was the last of my dreams.
I slump against my bed, my mind reeling. I was really terrible at explaining my emotions and actions on paper, wasn't I? I've come so far...
I feel it again, suddenly, eyes on me, and I take a deep breathe, sitting up slowly.
"Megan?" I ask quietly. No answer.
My lights flicker.
A book falls to the floor.
I tighten my jaw and clench my fists.
"Let's say these things happened," I speak out into my room, hoping it's her who hears. "What happened after I blacked out?"
The light flickers again, twice this time. Why isn't she showing herself?
I grit my teeth. "What happened after I blacked out?"
I covered my right eye, leaving everything drenched in blue. There's a faint wispy outline of a body, which I assume is Megan's.
"You need to tell me if you want me to help you."
There's a pause before she materializes.
She grins a crazy glint in her irises. "What's wrong with your eye, Katelin?"
I frown. "I think this is your doing," I reply. "Now tell me."
Megan's face falls slowly into something of despair.
"You fainted and the beings that had come to help at your command fell to ash. Keea and I tried moving you from your spot, and you woke up only for a second, mumbling about how it was all a dream." She's suddenly angry. "I'm not a dream, traitor."
Her words are jabbing as she comes near me. "I'm not something your over-active imagination made up."
"Okay, but--"
"You got us into this mess, locking us away forever, not able to move on should we choose." She's seething now. "It's your job to get us out."
A wicked smile spreads across her face, a drop of blood seeping from her hairline and onto her brow bone.
"And I will terrorize you every day until you do."

11. Eyepatch 

The room suddenly changes temperature as she fades from view. A drop of blood tests on the floor where she had stood, blue wisps coming from it like steam. Opening my right eye, I realize I can't see the blood drop... it's not in this world with me.
Tearing my eyes away, I move into the hallway, my mind elsewhere. The house is filled with a deafening silence, the blue wisps surrounding me and seeming to make silhouettes of figures ambling about, walking through walls and paying no mind to me. If they knew I could see them... would they attack?
I close my eyes and swallow, turning to the kitchen. A few figures seem to be alarmed by my presence and I keep my breathing steady. From my research and curiosities, fear is something these beings can feed off of an sense. Some find it wonderful and makes them fill to the brim with glee. I'm the Bible, fear is not of God, and therefore it's something demons enjoy squeezing out of weak humans. However, if the Holy Spirit resides inside someone, possession of said human is off the table.
I exhale and close my eye, willing my heart to quiet itself as the blue figures disappear. In the morning, I'll go to the store and get an eyepatch or something. That'll help with the figures.
I swallow down a large glass of water, the liquid cool as it rushes down my throat. Staring at my hallway, left eye still closed, I rack brain for the stories I'd written growing up. Had I ever started a story that took place after passing out? A handful of my writings came from my dreams, and that's where the journal entries had come from, but... could I have created another part to the dreams?
I make my way back into the bedroom, left eye still shut, and begin to shuffle quietly through my closet. I know I have a tub filled with old papers and math tests from third grade. I kept them because I thought I might need them in the future... whatever.
After looking for a good hour, I give up and lay back down, filled with sleepiness. I have only a slight bit of trouble falling asleep, making sure to keep my left eye covered. If I opened it, I'd be too afraid to go to sleep... And considering my current situation, I don't think that'd be a good idea.
No more dreams visit me that night. 

"This is like in that one anime," I mutter to myself, flipping the box over in my hand. It's a white eyepatch that hooks on to your ears. "I didn't even know these were sold here."
My eyes flick up to the other eyepatch in stock, the one that would make me look like a pirate, and back down to the one in my hand. The bands around my ears would bother me, but...
I look around, a shudder washing through me. The blue figures seem to be less active in the daytime, but the sight of them still freak me out. Some are missing limbs and others, faces... Some are even disfigured and look like beasts. If I can see ghosts, and... possibly demons... could I see angels too?
I bite my lip as I sigh, trying to ease my nerves.
"I'd rather look like an anime character than a pirate," I tell myself quietly before walking over to the cash register and setting it on the belt. There's no one in here, with it being school time and all. My classes were spread out through the week. I have it to where I only need to go to he college three times a week, and that, in itself, is a blessing.
"Something wrong with your eye?" the cashier rudely asks. His face flushes and he sputters. "I--I mean--"
I frown and shrug, following it with as innocent of a smile as I can. "Doctor's orders."
He sucks on his bottom lip and doesn't look me in the eyes, mumbling the total. I nod and thank him, exiting the store and sitting in my car. I cover my eye with my hand and exhale, watching the beings disappear. Quickly, while I keep my eye shut, I take the eyepatch out of the package and cover my eye with it, already annoyed by the way it pulls at my ears. Opening my eye, I'm happy to note that there are no figures in view. Putting the car in reverse, I look over my shoulder, the hairs on the back of my neck standing straight up.
"What a shame."
The voice makes me slam on the breaks, my heart hammering in my throat. There's a caress of cool air as a cold sweat breaks out on my forehead and my palms begin to itch.
Megan?
"How can we play if you're blind?"
I grit my teeth and continue backing up, trying to be as cautious as I can, pretending like Megan isn't here in the vehicle with me.
"How can you feel guilt if you leave me behind?!"
The scream makes me slam on the brakes once more, my breath heavy and shallow at once.
There's a pressure on my right arm and I'm thrust to the left just a bit, my heart kicking in my chest. I pull forward quickly, nearly hitting the car before me, and swing the door open, getting out and slamming it shut. I breathe heavily as I sit on the ground next to my back tire, my palms covering my eyes. I might be able to run away from the image of these ghosts, but I can't run from their sounds or their touches. Why now? Let's say the dreams weren't dreams at all... why are they coming back to--quite literally--haunt me now, of all times?
"An eyepatch won't hide who you are, Katelin," I hear Megan whisper in my ear, the skin where the chill touches raising with goosebumps. "Traitors like you can't hide for long. The past will always creep up on you, no matter how much you believe it won't."
With that, I feel her presence disappear, and I breathe out, struggling to control my breathing. If this world isn't real, and the other one is... Then... does that mean... it's all been a lie?
"Are you okay?"
The friendly voice of a stranger startles me and I jump, turning to the kind woman. She's older and frail-looking, her brown eyes filled with concern as her gray-black hair falls over her shoulders. Her dark skin contrasts with her light colored clothing, but it looks so good on her. A fresh wave of tears washes through em as I stare up at her. If this life isn't real, then neither is this woman. If this is all a figment of my imagination...
The world seems to flicker around me, nothing but blackness between the chaos. My left eye begins to itch and I press myself against the tire, my spine biting into the dirty silver rim.
"I'm okay," I say, my voice seeming to crackle in and out of existence as I have an existential crisis. The world stops flickering and I give the lady a gentle smile. "Thank you, though."
She still appears concerned, but gives me a smile back and nods. "Well, alright then, sweetie. Be careful, then. Have a blessed day."
"Thank you," I nod and smile. She walks away and I take a deep breath and exhale. My mom recently told me that I've been really good at bouncing back, and that I'm really good at adapting. I think it's thanks to all the moving I did, all the friends I made and lost. I've never been one to back down from an obstacle in my way, or at least one that was keeping me from doing what I wanted to do. And what I need to do now is figure out how to make this all stop without forcing the hands I have clenched around my fate make my heart suffocate.
I stand up and grit my teeth. With both hands, I unhook the eyepatch and flip it around, placing it over my right eye. Blue stains everything in my sight, objects and beings shuffling around and filling my bones with fear. I set my jaw and get into my car, seeing a face in my peripheral, one I'd recognize if I was half asleep.
It's time to take the bull by the horns and get some answers.
"You win," I tell Megan, who smiles widely at my words. A stream of blood drips from her scalp. "Tell me what I need to do to stop this."

12. Pressure 

"Believe this life isn't real," I hear Megan tell me. "Doubt that the life you've lived for the past ten years has all been a facade to hide the trauma you experienced when you were younger."
I frown. "That's impossible," I tell her. "Whether or not it is supposed to or not supposed to be real isn't the problem, Megan." I grit my teeth, anger bubbling inside me in attempts to hide my fear. "If you believe this life isn't real, it's the opposite for me. It is real to me. The people, the places, the things... You can't just abandon what you believe to be real in the blink of an eye."
She grimaces, another drop of blood dripping from her scalp and spilling onto her nose, dangling on the tip. "You did it to me."
"In my defense, ghosts and vampires and zombies and ghouls are things of fantasy."
"Ghosts are as real as you and me. You of all people should know that with your beliefs," she spits. "You can't talk about spirits and demons without speaking about God."
"Yeah, well the rest... they're mythical creatures or things from science fiction and fantasy movies and books and fairytales. I know there are cults and religions and insane people trying to mimic beings like vampires and werewolves and witches, and I knew none of that at that age. I didn't understand that those things could be real through evil means and through... whatever." I breathe out, gripping the steering wheel too tightly. "Any way you skin it, I'm stuck in the middle of this."
"No," Megan argues. "You are the reason why we are stuck where we are. The dead around you will begin to flock to you because of what you did. You created a new world with your power, Katelin, and it was to protect yourself. It was purely selfish."
I grit my teeth.
"Fine. How do I release you from where you were stuck? You said you're chained to the mansion, right? What do I need to do?"
"Believe that what you saw back then was real."
"That's all?" I ask, finally looking at her. The drop of blood falls from the tip of her nose to my center console and blue smoke rises from it. "And then you'll be free?"
Her eyes reflect something like uncertainty in them. "Would I steer you wrong?"
My eyes narrow. "I don't know. I knew you for, what, a few days back then? And from what I remember and what I wrote, you didn't seem to be too trustworthy."
A flame bursts in her irises and she thrusts her hand forward, meeting my nose. I'm thrusted against the door, pain blossoming through my skull as I cry out in pain. A white light comes forth and takes over my vision, and I feel myself falling. Black covers me and I can't breathe.
I hit the ground, the air pushed from my lungs and I sputter, closing my eyes as I turn over. A bit of light radiates from me, from my eyes, blue covering everything, but I can see color. Untamed grass lifts around me and I stand, my knees nearly giving out. The mansion looms over me, black clouds swirling like a curse overhead. The air is dank and dusty as I move to the front steps, the wood moaning with my weight. I take a deep breath and reach for the knob. Why did she bring me here? Was it her that did it, or am I still in my car, hallucinating? My free hand touches the eyepatch and I peek out from under it for a moment. Most of the blue hue disappears, more definition coming across in the darkness. For a second, I cover my left eye, and the blue completely goes away, leaving my natural vision, and a strange light coming from my irises. For some reason, I'm able to see through the bright light. I shouldn't be able to, considering where it's coming from. It makes no sense, but then again... what about this does?
The knob is cool beneath my fingers, and as soon as I'm touching it, the doors begin to open.
Blue fingers grip the knobs from the outside and pull the doors closed. Red hair swishes with momentum as I take step back with a blink. She'd stepped through em to get to the doors.
Megan looks over her shoulder.
"The window," she says, nodding to the side of the house. "That's how you got in the last time you were here. Go to the band room. You have to finish what you started."
I press my lips together, hesitating. What does she mean? It can't be that easy. It just can't be.
"Go, hurry." Her voice is quieter this time, more blood seeping from the base of her hair and down the back of her neck. Why is she bleeding so much? I remember the story said I started to bleed from my scalp when I'd turned into a ghost... but how can ghosts bleed?
With a half-jump, I head around the house, getting a strange sense of deja-vu as the window appears before me. It's open. Peeking inside, I don't see anyone anywhere.
Hastily, I step inside and sneak to the front of the house. It's eerily silent. I hear the doors open, followed by Megan's voice.
"I'm back," she says, her worst monotone. "You don't have to make such a rude gesture."
I hide behind a wall, knowing the doors are on the other side of it. Could she possibly be talking to the hands that had greeted me when I first came here with her? I know she can see the figure that wears the gloves and I can't... but I can't help but wonder what it looks like. Could I maybe see it with my new eye-power?
Taking a deep breath and telling myself I can't be scarred any worse than I already have been, I remove the eyepatch for a moment and peer around the corner. The gloves float high in the air, and a figure comes into view, its back to me. It has long, spindly legs and arms, the limbs attached to a body that's so tall, it has to bend to fit in the large entryway. Its spine nearly touches the ceiling, its hands and elbows hanging low to the ground. The gloves are the only things it wears, but it doesn't seem to have anything that gives away a gender. As for its face, I can't see it, but its skin is almost a maroon, more pink than purple, and definitely terrifying. Blue wisps come off of it in light waves like a thin fog. It isn't thick enough to conceal the coloring or details, though.
I return to my place behind the wall, taking a breath as I process this. Definitely not human. Replacing the eyepatch, I listen as closely as I can, reminding myself to take everything in stride. I decided to take this head-on, so I can't back out now. I might have bit off more than I can chew, but if I take it all in bite-sized portions... maybe I can get through this with a shred of sanity remaining.
"It's almost time," I hear her say, her voice echoing through the mansion. She said that loudly on purpose. Was it for me or for the beings?
As if on cue, there's moaning and whispering through the large house.
"Don't be afraid, Katelin," Megan calls again. "We aren't here to hurt you. Not this time around."
I swallow hard at her words. Not this time around?
"Come out," she says, her voice coming closer. Suddenly, fear seems to take over me and I begin to tremble. Not this time around?
Her head appears around the wall, another stream of blood trickling over her temple and stopping just beneath her eye, curving along her cheekbone. I cling to the wall like the wallpaper, suddenly terrified.
She grins.
You wanted to get this over with, I tell myself, swallowing as I slowly stand up. So get it over with. 
A figure appears from the darkness, from a hallway to my left, making me jump and take a few steps toward Megan. I'm a frigging scaredy-cat.
But with good reason, I guess.
I turn to Megan and move around her, shuffling past her and holding my eyepatch to my face, terrified to see what'll be revealed if I take it off. Bite-sized pieces, my foot. I want to get it all over with. I need to fix this and finish whatever it is they need me to do. Then, finally, I'll be able to live in peace, away from them and the dreams that might not really be dreams. They have to be, but... it's hard to admit to myself that they aren't, especially...
I look out over the entryway, half-way up the stairs. Down below, different types of creatures, including ones I've never seen before and can only see parts of, gather, staring up at me. Why do I suddenly feel as if pressure's been placed on my shoulders?
I exhale slowly, my fingers trembling as I make my way up the rest of the stairs and to the room I'd fallen through.
Low growling comes from inside and I leap from the doorway just in time, jaws snapping an inch from my nose.
Golden eyes stare back at me.
Werewolf.

13. The Kitchen Once More 

"Traitor," the werewolf growls. My eyes catch on a blue streak on its fur and my blood turns cold.
It's a coincidence. A complete figment of my imagination.
"We were worried about you and you went and did this to us?" she snaps her jaws. "I should have let my brother devour you."
"K— Keea?" I gasp as she takes another step toward me, Megan watching the exchange.
"I am surprised you remember," she grumbles. The wolf snarls. "Since you condemned us to this wretched place."
"I didn't—I didn't mean to," I gasp, my knees feeling like liquid. I catch myself on the banister.
"I considered us friends," Keea continues, taking another step forward. I don't remember her being this scary—
A quick slice of pain wrenches through me, making me fall to my knees and grunt, the world flickering. Between flashes, I can see the outside world, the parking lot I'd just been in, sitting in the car. My breathing hitches and I double over, a sort of sickness washing over me.
"You will complete the circle," Keea snarls, leaping forward. Her jaws close around my leg and I hit the ground hard, the breath knocked from my lungs. Unable to cry out, I cling to the banister. Megan drops to my side as Keea wiggles her head, knocking a few of my fingers loose. With her pale fingers that look almost real, she touches my hand and grips it hard. Why can I see her without my eye uncovered? Why is she visible? She used to be when I was younger—
"Agh!"
I cry out as a pang rushes through me, Megan's eyes lighting up.
"You're believing!" With a smile, she crushes my fingers in hers and comes close to my face, blood from her scalp dripping onto my cheek. "Keep believing."
I let out a cry as Keea drags me into the room and sets me by the hole, my blood staining the wood below. I clutch at the wound on my calf and back away from her slowly, breathing heavily and shaking my head.
"Stop this," I whisper, my voice fragile. "Stop this, please. This wasn't my fault."
Keea shakes her head, an animalistic movement as she steps forward. Other beings and creatures begin to seep into the room, through walls, through the doorway... I'm stunned into a frightened silence. They scowl and glare at me, keeping their distance.
Cold fingers touch my ear and I jump, my eyepatch falling to my lap. I grab it, clutching to it with my life as Megan grins down at me.
"It's almost finished," she says. After a pause, she squats before me, blue mist coming from her body and several other's around the room, some only made up of the blue hue, creatures I wouldn't have seen if the eyepatch was still over my eye—and how I wish it was. "You made a mess of this place, Katelin. You were never supposed to come to the mansion that night with me. You were never supposed to step foot in here."
"You made me!" I blurt, my heart pumping heavily in my chest. Does saying this mean I believe the dreams were real? "You wanted me to go with you! You terrified me and threatened me. I was eight! What was I supposed to do with a ghost standing before me, telling me she'll become my worst nightmare should I not go with her?"
It becomes hard to breathe as another slice of pain pulsates through me. I double over and cough, a chill sweeping through me and making me feel sick. What's happening to me?
"You still made the decision to go, to come back time and time again like a lost, tortured dog."
Keea snorts at the word dog and Megan shoots her a glance that looks like an apology.
I sit up, looking around at the eyes watching me, moans drifting upward toward my ears. Is that coming from the hole?
A cold sweat breaks out on my forehead and a tingling rummages through my blood.
"You created lifeforms that aren't supposed to exist in this world and left them to rot, and when you suddenly called us all just a dream, a fictional nightmare, we all were locked away in a part of this world no one can reach and no one can escape—except for you. Whatever God was doing giving you this ability, I think He made a mistake."
I snap automatically, "He never makes mistakes."
Megan's scowl turns to a smile and she hisses a laugh. "I thought you'd say that."
She lifts her foot and slams it into my shoulder, knocking me over. Instead of hitting the ground, I find air, and a scream rips through my throat as cheers and shouts erupt overhead. I slam into the ground, a large chandelier hanging overhead a good distance down. The furniture pieces around me are covered in a white cloth, dim lighting coming from the windows, as if there was any light outside. The soft eyepatch is crushed inside my fist, and I take a deep breath, the dankness of the room hitting me as I stand, my body aching. I'd fallen two stories—why—how did I survive that? And why am I not hurting more?
The world around me flickers, but this time, the only thing that changes is the lighting. It's a bit brighter and the howling from above and around me has disappeared.
My body seems to move automatically, as if I'm on autopilot.
I walk beneath the chandelier and open a set of double doors that lead to a large kitchen. The silvery surfaces are dirty and dusty, pans scattered around the room and along the floor, cast aside from the previous residents—or perhaps disrupted by the current. There's a snarl from the hole I'd come from and a voice I recognize—is that Megan?
I shake my head, my heart in my throat and press forward into the kitchen. It's empty—did I find a safe haven in this place, or is there something else waiting for me? Hoping for the former, I ready myself for the latter.
"Help," I hear, the voice muffled. Catching my attention, I look around for the source of the sound.
"Help," it calls again. "It's real dark in here. Please help me get out of here."
I make my way carefully and quietly around the kitchen, noting where the window is for me to get out of here. But—I can't. This place is on an island in an abyss—right? I can't escape.
Nonetheless, I still keep the window in mind for after I help whoever needs it, hoping it isn't a trap, and knowing that it just might be. If it is, I can dart out the window.
Then where?
"Help."
The voice is closer this time, coming from... a cabinet?
I reach up above the counter and wrap my hand around the knob, pulling. I let out a soft cry as it burns me, and I come face-to-face with—a face.
Something dawns on me as I stare at the bodiless head in the cabinet, shaking my hand out.
This isn't happening in real-time.
A crack of laugher sends my heart into my throat and I freeze.
I have no control over this situation. I can only sit back and watch.
A heavy hand lands on my shoulder as another wave of laugher rushes around me, the head in hysterics at my expression.
This is a memory.
I scream. 

14. Closing the Circle

Splinters exploded over the headless man dressed as a cook. As he staggered forward, I take a few steps to the left, Megan dropping what remains of the wooden chair.
"Leave it to you to find trouble wherever you go," Megan mutters, dusting off her hands.
The cook begins to make a guttural noise, translucent blood spurting from his neck as the head begins to taunt its body.
"Ha, idiot, I'm in the pantry."
I find myself turning to the head, shaking, as it smiles guiltily.
"Sorry, little girl. My body's greedy and doesn't like me so much."
A sickening feeling makes my young stomach churn as I sit back and watch the memory unfold.
Reality shatters for a moment, the mustang back around me.
Had I admitted to myself that this was in fact a memory rather than a dream?
The headless cook's body struggles to stand, slipping on a fallen pan as the head continues to insult it. Megan gives a frown and cocks her head toward the doors I'd just come through.
"Let's get out of here." Then, "I'm surprised you survived that fall... are you superhuman or something?"
The question stops me in my tracks as the door she'd pushed open swings shut, the one I hold still as my brain shifts into motion.
"Superhuman..." I hear myself mutter. My eyes catch on Megan as she stands beneath the chandelier, the strange lighting creating pretty streams of light that push through her transparent, blue body. "I overheard... something," I breathe. "That I have..." My throat closes up. "I heard that I have some kind of powers."
The world changes around me and I feel the air from my lungs disappear as pain blossoms through my back. Coughing, I roll to my side, eyes watering and the cough making me feel like I'll gag.
When I finally gather my wits, I see the eyepatch not far from where I lay and reach for it, the soft material the only thing that feels real. With a shaky breath, I stand, glancing upward where I'd fallen from. Several eyes stare down at me, most inhuman and terrifying to look into. Those eyes have seen death and are stuck on this earth for one reason or another. Unfinished business. And, as Keea and Megan have told me...
Because of me.
Megan swears up above me, her voice echoing down through the angry grunts and words. "You were supposed to die or something!" she shouts.
Heart pounding in my throat, I take a look around, a cold chill working its way down my spine. She was wanting me to die...?
I swallow hard as my eyes rest on the chandelier above me. There's a sinking feeling in my gut as the dank, dusty air shows the path of the refracted light, bringing attention to the double-doors across from me.
Using a cloth-covered chair for stability, I take a step forward. Am I supposed to go there? Follow my footsteps from ten years ago?
I glance back up at Megan, who scowls, Keea saying something I can't understand from this far away.
"Yeah," I hear Megan respond, her green eyes still staring down at me. "Let's go."
She disappears from sight.
Shakily, I move forward. My brain, my nerves, my fear, it tells me to not go in there, to stay in here, find a way out. But my gut... my gut tells me I need to do this, to face the fears I had created in my mind, the fears I might have just lived through, and see what's behind door number one.
I can hear footsteps beyond the dining room. It spikes my nerves higher.
Especially as the moans and groans die out, complete silence greeting me.
I push the door open gently, the scene before me just as the flashback had been. Dusty, disrupted, eerie. The smell of rust. Old stench.
But no headless man.
I walk over to the cabinet where the head had once been.
Cobwebs.
I shudder and turn as I look down at my eyepatch. With a nervous twitch of my hands, I lift it to my face and cover my right eye, everything washing over in a blue hue, wisps coming from bits and pieces of things, places where the paranormal has left its fingerprints.
I move forward, toward the window. I can see bushes, and beyond that, nothing but blackness. For a moment, it's as if I can see the street the mansion sits at the end of, I can see houses, overgrown shrubs and untrimmed trees through the dilapidating frame. But it's all gone in the blink of an eye.
I turn around and come face-to-face with the headless cook I'd seen. Widely-built. Tall. Headless. 
As assumed through the name I'd given.
I take a breath to steady myself as the man lifts a hand to point to me.
"Turn around, I can't see," a disembodied voice says, sounding like the one that belongs to the head that had been in the flashback. The body drops its arm and turns to face the side, the head that had been in the pantry hanging from pieces of thread attached to the neck, as if it had been sewn on at one point and fell backward, hanging sideways and haphazardly about to fall off.
"Oh! I remember you. You're the one who destroyed my kitchen," he says, his face contorting into anger. "You wrecked my dining room with what you summoned. How can anyone like you exist in the world?"
He huffs comically and averts his eyes.
"Turn away from her, I can't look. I am upset."
The body obeys and faces its back to me.
"I'm—I'm sorry," I say, swallowing the unease in my chest. "I never meant to do it. It looks okay now."
"Okay now?" he cries, then grunts. "Ugh, turn toward the stupid girl so I can talk to her." As the body turns back to the side with a bit of attitude, the head rolls its eyes. "Bodies. Can't live with them, can't live without them!" he barks a laugh. "But of course, I'm not living, so either way, I'm screwed."
Then, the angry look returns.
"You will pay for what you have done. And I'm not talking about trapping us here."
Wisps of blue appear beside him, bodies forming from the color. A woman and a man, dressed in older clothing. A third form appears, a large manifestation of something that resembles a dog, its ears long and floppy like a bunny's and its eyes bright green, its teeth missing from its mouth. 
They approach. I find myself stepping backward, panic lining my throat.
The double doors slam open, forcing them to stop in their tracks.
"Leave her to me," a voice says.
Megan pushes through the ghosts before me, followed by Keea. She grins and stops, Keea walking toward me and making a wide arc around, coming up behind me and growling. It forces me forward, Megan tilting her head toward the dining room.
"Let's go," she says. Reluctantly, I follow, the doors swimming shut behind me while the ghosts in the kitchen mumble their disappointments aloud.
Then, the memory resurfaces once more, different than how I remember.
Megan stares at me, the refracted light still piercing through her. It seems to be layered upon this future Megan, one with blood all over and the other uninjured. I can feel myself parting from my body as I take a step forward, both version of me, both Megans watching me with wide eyes.
The doors slam open once more, layered once again as the Headless Cook comes trudging out. His three companions flicker in and out of view as my vision switches from one thing to another.
"You do not control me," the man says in my future reality, pointing at Megan. The past one takes ahold of me roughly, the younger Keea darting in the room and letting out a growl. The three companions rose from the ground in the memory, appearing from mist and grabbing hold of Megan as the man pushes me down and grabs my younger me's ankle. Keea is picked up by the scruff of her neck and taken into the kitchen, Megan dragged by the back of her jacket.
I watch as a blank look suddenly falls over my face, Megan and Keea shouting and attempting to fight back as we're dragged into the kitchen. I turn back to the bloody Megan of my timeline and her eyes widen with a sick, excited grin.
"Yes! Finally!" she shouts.
A burst of energy comes from the younger me, and I turn to see my eyes shine brightly, an icy blue taking over everything.
And then I feel something break inside me, as well.
The eyepatch comes off, singed from a fiery-hot explosion of power seeping from my pores.
Blue takes over my vision.
"You've closed the circle."
15. Samson

I cry out, holding my left eye as it stings with a pain I can’t explain, but the blue wispiness stays around me. So maybe this is real. But… do I believe it is? 
The ground rumbles and I lock eyes with the past me. Everything seems to freeze, the two me’s stuck in staring at one another. I slowly lower my hand as her eye grow brighter, the ring around my own vision brightening. I’d blacked out after this. This is where my memories ended. 
My memories. 
“I believe,” both forms of me whisper. 
Lightning seems to strike between us, light exploding as the world around us shakes, the mansion seeming so close to collapsing. 
Ghosts and ghouls grew agitated and began lashing out at one another. I watch from the ground, placidity washing over me as the younger me and current me keep eye contact. I walk forward and I find myself reaching out toward her. Our fingers touch and something inside me jolts awake. I grit my teeth and close my eyes as another burst of energy pulses from my bodies. Closing my eyes, I feel a shift of gravity, of air quality, but that calmness lingers in my chest. 
When I open my eyes, I’m on the ground where my younger body was. I take a deep breath and pull whatever was holding me back, making it fall to the ground. I stand grip its wrist tightly. It’s like my body is moving on its own, as if my brain knows exactly what to do. 
I say nothing as I squeeze my hand tighter. Tendrils explode from my hand and into the ghost’s body, making its from buzz and turn to gelatin that falls on the ground below me. 
I see Megan’s eyes widen in fear. The younger Megan. This isn’t another memory, is it? 
No, I realize as I clench my fist, slamming into the stomach of a vampire rushing toward me. This is the present. 
My fist glows bright blue, the energy exploding from it creating a hole in the vampire’s torso. Fire sparks to life around its wound, as if it was from the energy I’d released. I walk to the middle of the room, the agitated ghouls and ghosts and whatnot standing still now, staring at me, agape. My footfalls are louder than the whispers and grunts and groans around me, stopping as I do in the center of the room, beneath the blown-out archway into the kitchen. Megan stands, staring at me, bewildered. 
“You… were supposed to die.” 
I say nothing, staring her down. My veins buzz with energy, energy that feels divine, like it’s a blessing from God. 
Release them. 
The words come to me, the voice gentle. Before I can ask How? an idea comes to me. 
I look down at my hands, the light cyan radiating from my every pore like a bioluminescent fish. 
I squat down and touch the ground, closing my eyes as the building creaks and moans, sounding about ready to collapse. The energy rushing through me… 
“Be free.” 
The mansion begins to rip apart as the light coming from me seeps into the floor and up the walls, the monsters around me turning to smoke or light, disappearing one at a time as the world outside shifts from blackness to the street I’d once lived on long ago. 
Megan rushes over to me, reaching for my arm. “What are you—” 
She pulls back with a hissing gasp, her hand turning to smoke. 
“What is this?” 
“You didn’t want to be trapped anymore,” I say, Keea catching my attention. Her body shifts and changes from that of a wolf to a young girl with dark skin and dark hair. She stares at her hands and back at me, blinking back tears. A blue stripe of paint glows in the light I give off. 
A beam falls, barely missing me as it passes through Megan. 
“Stop it! Stop it, you’re ruining everything!” 
“You wanted me to die?” I ask calmly, unafraid. 
I know I’ll make it out of here alive. 
“It’s what you deserved.” 
“Then what? If I died and turned into a ghost, what would you do? Torture me for a millennia?” I watch her green eyes flicker. “And if I didn’t? If I went straight to Heaven… you’d be left in your revenge scheme.” 
“You’re destroying our home!” 
“They’re crossing over,” I breathe as the last monster disappears, the mansion crumbling around me. “I’ve hated this place my entire life. Maybe the ten years I’d lived weren’t real. Maybe I created a whole life for myself, but it doesn’t matter. Real or not, I learned a lot. And I believe you did too.” 
“You can’t do this, Katelin! You’re—I’m—” 
She’s speechless. 
“You’re scared.” It’s a statement that comes from my lips, not a question. “Then I guess you know where you’re going. You had ten years, Megan.” 
Fear fills her eyes. 
“Say hello to God for me,” I breathe. “If you meet him today.” 
The cyan fills everything I see and Megan goes up in smoke. Wolves and vampires shift to human or fall to ash, most leaving to get out of the path of the falling rubble. I’m sure some are caught in the wreckage. 
A feeling in my gut tells me the mansion is empty as the walls fall around me, the debris barely missing me. I stand slowly, the beams still hitting the ground. Calmly, I walk forward, stepping over whatever is in my way. 
Nothing hits me. Not a speck of dirt lands on me. The nighttime air is thin and cold, but I don’t feel it through the warmth of the energy within me. 
People stand around the mansion, those that were saved by these powers bestowed onto me. As I step onto the rickety old porch, the mansion finally collapses completely in on itself, a hush falling over the street I used to know so long ago. 
The people who had been transformed seem to curse me as I pass, but I don’t care. I don’t listen. I keep walking, my eyes trained on the road until I turn back around to face the mansion. 
“The mansion no longer exists.” 
With a rumble, the ground beneath the mansion sinks in on itself, tumbling down the cliff behind it. I’d never noticed, but then again, I’d never cared. 
The people are silenced, staring at me like I’m a freak. Or an alien. 
“Thank you, God, for getting me out,” I say as the lights I project dim and the nighttime is lit by only the streetlights and the moon. 
The girl I recognize as Keea stares at me, not really sure what to think about what just happened. She’s a lot taller than I’d imagined. A lot younger, too. 
I pat her on the shoulder, a few sparks from my hand flickering in the night at our touch. 
I don’t say another word as I walk down the street, a few people coming out to see what the ruckus was at the end of the street. I see my dad come out, looking younger than I remember him. And taller. And why is he here? Why is he in our old house? 
I catch a glimpse of myself in the front window. My younger self is staring back at me. My heart jars in my chest. Ten years, gone, just like that. 
“A world of my own,” I whisper, feeling sort of like Samson from the Bible. Only I walked away, alive. 
I stare at my hands, the world flickering around me. 
I think. 
16. The Beginning

There wasn’t a single sign of anyone from the mansion. Not in the next few days. My parents were furious and worried. Which is understandable. 
I spent a long time staring at myself in the mirror, the ten-year-old-me staring back. This journey… made no sense. It was chaotic and weird and seemed to have no meaning. The climax was short lived and I feel a lot of things were left unsaid. 
But what do you expect from the imagination of a ten-year-old? 
I close my eyes, the image of the ceiling imprinted on the backs of my eyelids. Images pass before me, ones that are familiar yet foreign. Glowing fish-people, a tall purple alien with too many nostrils, a gem that gives people powers, a woman made of jewels, a society run like the Olympics, and so, so many more. Some feel distant, like they’re faintly connected to me. Others gut-wrenchingly hit close to home. 
The next morning, I stumble out of bed. It’s a school day. I have to redo everything, and that’s a bummer, but at least I’ll know the answers. More or less. My memory isn’t too helpful most of the time. 
But there’s this image in my head and it won’t get out. 
The sun’s rising and the air is freezing as I go outside. I’m pulled to where the mansion used to sit, peering over the edge of the cliff. It was a good distance away until the sinkhole took it. I look around and grab some old boards and a few nails and use a large rock to make a sign. It takes a while and I’m sweating by the end of it, but I’ve finally finished it. 
The images I’d seen in my dreams last night play again in my mind as I push the stake I’d made into the ground, the sign at the top staring back at me. 
“I need paint,” I mutter to myself, searching around. I squint at one spot, my heart hammering in my chest as I decide to try something. 
My belief. 
“There’s paint over there.”  
There’s a warping in the air before a bucket of red paint appears, and I find a smile. The gift of belief… is amazing. 
In big, bold letters, I begin to paint on the sign with the paintbrush that had already been in the paint bucket. 
“I don’t know how,” I whisper to the sign as I paint, “but the things I saw will come to pass. Maybe it’s because of me. Even if it’s in the far, far future. I saw ruin and destruction, but I also saw kindness and brave heroes. God will place who he needs, where, and until then, I’ll just believe. If this truly is a world of my own, or if this is the actual reality I live in, then either way, God will guide my hand. He will guide my life. This story is over, the one with Megan and me, but it’s the beginning of everything I am, I can feel it. So.” I step back to admire my work. “Let’s get the ball rolling, shall we?” 
I pat the sign and walk away, those words forever burned in my mind. This is the start of a new chapter. The beginning of hundreds of stories and thousands of people. 
“I can’t wait to see where this future takes me.” 
I take one last look at the sign and smile. 

END OF THE ROAD
Author’s Note

I know, I know. This story was kind of everywhere, but I wanted to give an ending to the series and this felt fitting. I hope you enjoyed. I know I did. 
Thanks for reading. Check out my other books! 

- K. 
