
Riptide
By Harry Woodworth
Copyright 2021 Harry Woodworth
Smashwords Edition







To Mamá, who always kept me writing






RIPTIDE



Harry Woodworth


Contents
The Boy
Stowaway
Strangefall
Sea Wall
Tidal Plains
Pit
Salt Hill
Firelight
Jellyfish
Flight
Weight
Crush
Drop
Glaze
Cube
Den
Riptide
Obliterator







THE BOY




The boy prostrated in front of the two assassins silhouetted by the gas lantern behind them, their shadows reached over him across the wood floor of the tiny office.
“I beg of you, let me go with you,” he slammed his forehead against the floor and dug his fingernails into his sweaty palms, “I need to go to Strangefall- I have to! Please!”
The only door in the room was locked shut behind him. Bloodthirsty gazes bore into the back of his skull. The larger figure, an older gentleman with a face covered in wrinkles from constant smiling, spoke.
“You have no value to us.”
“No I do, I swear!” The boy’s face shot up. “I- I notice things! You said you needed an observer, I can do that for you!”
The second figure, a young woman with deadly eyes, cleaned her nails on a dagger. The boy swallowed. His breaths drew sharply over cracked lips.
The gentleman crossed his arms. “You have ten seconds to prove it to me.”
The woman smirked and spoke with a thick slums accent. “An’ if yer wastin’ our time I’ll rip yer guts out an’ strangle ya wit’ ‘em!”
The boy frantically looked around the room trying to get his brain running.
Think. Think or you’ll have escaped for nothing!
“Y- you’ll gut me- but, ah- I know how you’ll dispose of me! Yes, on the left wall behind your bookcase there’s a hidden room right? There’s faint scrape marks on the floor where the case swings out, and um- there’s an old blue stain near the door, the only chemical that stains blue is necropphire, an acid used to get rid of diseased corpses. And there’s a broken fingernail on the floor so somebody was here today, somebody who probably wanted to go to Strangefall too and broke their nails as they were dragged… they’re probably dissolving right now in that room, aren’t they?” The words stuck to the boy’s throat.
The gentleman raised his eyebrow and glanced at the woman who snarled in disgust. He looked back down at the boy.
“Do you have any reservations taking a life?”
“None at all”
“You are a young man, do you have anything to live for?”
“I have my freedom to die for.”
The gentleman cracked a smile. “We are hunting a man in Strangefall. He fled across the southern tidal plains of Shulsa. We will stow away on the last ship there for the next ten years and when we arrive we will locate and kill him.” He checked the clock on the wall. “You will be our observer. If you fail us, disobey me, or attempt to flee, you will die.”
The woman flashed her blade.
The boy pressed his face to the floor and clasped his hands together. “Thank you! Thank you, you won’t regret taking me.”
“For your sake I better not.” The gentleman reached out a hand. The boy took it and was lifted to his feet. 
He’s stronger than he looks.
“I am Wetland, you will refer to me as ‘Sir’, is that clear?”
“Yes. -Sir, yes sir.”
“And this is Lilac.” The woman was even taller up close. She glared down at him like she was forced to stand next to a repulsive sack of garbage. She leaned close to him and he froze like prey in a predator’s jaws.
“Ya slip up an’ I’ll turn ya inside out.”
The boy’s stomach sank. Wetland laughed.
“Do you have a name, boy?”
“Um… no. You can call me whatever you want.”
“Then we will refer to you as ‘boy’, no sense in remembering an extra name. Understand?”
“I do. Sir.”
Wetland glanced at the clock again. “We leave immediately. Lilac, finish up with our previous observer.”
Lilac pulled a secret loop under a shelf on the bookcase and the case swung open. A heavy chemical smell filled the room, but even stronger was the stench of rot. The boy didn’t react, he had smelled far worse. Death was a mantle he wore daily.






STOWAWAY




The boy tossed in his sleep. Viscous filth surrounded him under a pitch-black sky. Hate-filled eyes of his siblings surrounded him.
“I didn’t! I didn’t I swear!” He cried as the muck rose above his mouth. Fingers pointed at him in unison and gaping mouths all said the same thing.
“You left us.”
The sound of the anchor chain thrashing on wood woke him. His head shot up from his knees and he looked around the boat’s cargo hold for eyes in the dark. There was nothing but crates and barrels flickering in the light of swaying lanterns chained to the ceiling. As the sound of blood pumping in his ears subsided he could hear men shouting and moving above deck.
I made it, I’m really here. I’ll never go back. I can forget now.
His nightmare weighed on his conscience but he buzzed with anticipation. He saw his two companions were resting in the dark.
Wetland ran a cloth up and down the brushed metal barrel of his hunting rifle. The polish on the redwood stock was fresh and the leather strap was spotless.
Lilac leaned cross-legged against the sloped hull with her eyes closed. A cloth rucksack was nestled in her lap.
Wetland noticed the boy was awake, he shouldered his rifle and walked over to him.
“We have landed. What is the fastest way to leave this ship?”
“Um… I think we should wait until everyone leaves deck and then sneak-”
“I did not say the safest, I said the fastest.”
“We can just run out and shoot everyone?”
Wetland chuckled. “It is doable, but our ammunition is precious. Find an opening.”
He walked back to Lilac who’s eyes fluttered open. They exchanged quiet discussion while the boy filtered out the noise of sloshing water and footfalls to focus on the various voices of the crew.
“I hate visiting the mainland, everyone there is filthy.”
“Hey! You know what the Prei-Dan do to bearers of late shipments, if we don’t offload these barrels it’ll be our heads rolling.”
“You hear they predict the water bridge will only fill back in after ten entire years? I feel sorry for those saps we conned those fake tickets to.”
“The less mainlanders here, the better.”
“Hey, you got the key to the second cargo hold? Me and Klad are gonna clear it out.”
The ceiling groaned and the boy could hear two sets of footsteps heading directly for the trapdoor. His eyes widened and he whispered to his companions. “They’re coming down here!”
Wetland chose a wooden box the dimensions of a coffin but deep enough to crouch in. He motioned to Lilac. She came over and pushed her nails under the lid and pried it open. She set it lightly onto the ground and tossed the box’s contents, stacks of fish leather and paper, behind it and jumped in.
The boy followed Wetland inside, it reeked of rose-scented preserving oils. Wetland sat cross-legged and laid his rifle over his knees. The woman opened her rucksack and took out a gold snub-nosed revolver with a cylinder the size of a dinner plate that hung in front of the trigger. The boy knew enough about guns to know the revolver’s design was peculiar. Besides the enormous cylinder there was no flash gap, and in a second he realized why. Lilac took out an object swaddled in cloth and unwrapped it. It was a glass tube as long as the boy’s arm filled with a metal helix of air pockets.
A silencer!
She screwed it onto the revolver and set the weapon down across her lap. She caught the boy watching and flashed him a grin. Her eyes were wild with bloodthirst.
The boy looked away when he heard the lock rattle. He peeked over the rim of the box.
The metal deadbolt on the hatch slid away and a man with a gray curly beard swung it open. Light fell into the hull. The sounds of crashing waves and screeching birds mixed with the smell of salt and cheap liqueur.
The bearded man stepped down into the hull followed by a younger man with an ‘X’ tattoo on his cheek. The hatch slammed shut behind them and they walked down the stairs with the same exhausted saunter. They wore the same brown shirts and vests with baggy pants and featureless swords belted to their waists. The boy could tell that the bearded man was the more experienced of the duo. He rested his hand on the hilt of his blade as he surveyed the room. His shoulders were tense. The tattooed man was bored and daydreaming until the bearded man snapped him out of it.
“Unload what’s under the stairs first, I’ll check up on the rest of the cargo.”
The tattooed man took in the size of the hold. “Do we really have to swab the whole thing clean when it’s empty?”
“Never been on a mainland run? Ship’s always cleaned from nest to rudders. There’r diseases over there we got no cure for.”
“You’re saying I could have some incurable disease now? You’re running me through.”
“Relax, three runs I’ve done and nobody got sick. Now,” he patted the tattooed man on the shoulder, “get going. I’ll help when I’m done.”
The tattooed man ducked under the stairs. He pulled out a barrel wedged under the step and read the stamp on the top, “Proudcloud Incorporated, candyball and bitters, aged seventy years. These things are worth a fortune! If I brought a canteen of this to the wife I’d be a happy husband for months.”
“No skimming the top off anything, you know they check and you know the consequences aren’t worth the risk. There’s a reason we’re being paid like we’re transporting treasure.”
“Yeah, whatever.” He rolled his eyes and pulled out more barrels. The bearded man walked around the hold and the boy ducked his head when he got near. He heard his breath stop when he saw their box. The boy’s heart stopped.
No, go away!
“This box lost its lid, I’m gonna check its contents for damage.” He called over his shoulder.
“Let me know if it’s got jewels, or gold, or really anything worth a piece that fits in my pocket.” He chuckled. The bearded man shook his head and walked over to their box. He looked at the lid on the floor and bent down. He ran his fingers over the edge and tapped the nails sticking out of the wood.
“Ripped clean off. Don’t know how a storm shaking it could’ve done that…” He stood up and looked over the edge.
He saw a kid, a smiling old man, and a woman holding cold glass to his forehead. The revolver’s hammer struck down and the silencer snapped with a flash of orange fire and the man’s chin tucked into his chest. His worries and memories sprayed into the air behind him. Making a sound like all of the air was pushed out of him, he crumpled to the floor. Lilac’s arm moved faster than her eyes to the man next to the stairs. He was mid-turn, wine barrel in his arms, when she shot him in the ear. His knees gave out and the barrel fell from his arms and cracked on the ground. He splashed sideways into the wine. 
Wetland stood up and checked his clothes for flecks of blood before stepping out of the box. He was careful not to stain his boots.
“Excellent efficiency Lilac.”
“Thank ya Wetland. They had it comin’.” Lilac glowed in the high of her sated bloodlust.
The boy lifted himself out of the box. Both of the corpses, faces locked in expressions of faint confusion, stared at him. The wine was still running out of the barrel and the smell of fermented fruit and blood saturated the air. His stomach churned.
It’s not unexpected, right? When someone travels with two killers spilled blood is a given. But they were just doing their jobs, making ends meet. They had it coming?
“No…” It was barely a mutter but Lilac heard it.
“Ya say somethin’ ta me, boy?”
“I said no, they didn’t have it coming. You murdered them for no reason!”
A look crossed Lilac’s face that made his blood run cold.
“Ya got yer head screwed on backwards boy!? Ya woulda rathered they pushed a blade inta yer stomach, or put a bullet in yer head? Huh? This entire rotten continent is a test’a survival,” Lilac leaned uncomfortably close to him, “I don’t need no reason ‘cept mah own survival ta kill whoevah I want, whenevah I want.” He tried to move away but she clamped a hand on his shoulder and pulled him closer. “An’ that includes ya, boy. Get in mah way an' I’ll rip ya wide open.”
Wetland replaced Lilac’s hand on the boy’s shoulder with his own and pulled him away from her.
“Enough, Lilac. I will talk to the boy.”
The boy fixed his glare on Wetland’s beaming smile.
“I didn’t travel here to become a murderer.”
“No, I recall you coming here to assist in an assassination. Quite the opposite.”
“The killing of one man, not everyone we happen across!”
Wetland’s smile turned into a dark frown. “If you are naive enough to believe that I will end your journey right here, right now, before you even set foot on the promised land.”
“I didn’t say to kill them, as your observer-”
“Listen, and listen well, boy.” He leaned in and grinned so large his eyes were covered by his cheeks, “You do not give us orders, you give us information. You do not tell us who we can and cannot kill, you tell us who to kill first. Do you understand?”
“Yes.” It was barely a whisper. Wetland cocked his head. “Yes, Sir.” The boy turned away as he said it.
“Splendid!” Wetland let go of his shoulder and turned to walk up the stairs. Lilac smirked at the boy and followed.
The boy stood in the mixture of wine and blood and looked at the red hole in the bearded man’s forehead and then at the tattooed man’s ear. He apologized to nobody in particular.






STRANGEFALL




The boy pressed his ear to the hatch and listened to the crew while Wetland and Lilac waited impatiently behind him.
“Lunchtime! We’re heading to Rose so it’s gonna be a long break.”
The announcement spread through the crew and a herd of footsteps made their way off the ship.
“They’re all leaving,” the boy whispered, “we’ll sneak off when they’re gone.”
A long time passed and silence fell. Lilac fidgeted with her revolver behind the boy.
“Been under ‘ere too long, I’m leaving!” Lilac pushed past him but he grabbed her wrist.
“Wait! There could be stragglers.”
She tore free from his grip. “If ya touch me again yer not gettin’ yer hand back. An’ if there were someone up there I’d kill ‘em.”
“I know, but please, a little longer!”
The moment he finished his sentence, steps were heard approaching the trapdoor.
“Klad? Dern? That you down there?” The man grabbed the hatch and started to lift. “Was looking for you in the lunch crowd, didn’t you hear-”
Lilac exploded through the door and tackled the man onto the deck. Light blinded the boy as Wetland ran by him and drew his rifle at the man whose forehead was pinned by Lilac’s revolver.
“Y- you’re mainlanders! Stowaways!” The man’s wrists were pinned above his head by one of Lilac’s hands. “What happened to Klad and Dern? What did you do!?”
“I killed ‘em.” Lilac licked her lips. The man’s expression moved from horror to sadness to anger.
“Do you know who’s boat you’re on? You’re messing with the Prei-Dan!”
“I am aware.” Wetland Smirked. “Makes no difference to me.”
“The Prei-Dan will hunt you down!”
“For some reason, I do not think they will care for a few dead sailors.” Wetland nodded.
“Bye bye!” Lilac smiled happily.
The boy ran to her side. “We can just bind him, there’s no need-” 
Lilac pulled the trigger and the man’s head twitched. She looked up at the boy with maddening glee. “Ya say somethin’?”
The boy balled his fists but kept his mouth shut. She’s enjoying this.
Lilac rose and looked down at the boy. “Yer learnin’ ya can’t say nothin’ ta me. Good boy.” She walked past him to the gangway.
Wetland passed the boy as he followed Lilac. The boy could feel the gentleman’s smile without looking up.
“We are traveling south along the Onyx Coast. Do not fall behind.”
“Yes, sir.” He muttered.
He found himself in the same situation, alone with another corpse, swelling with guilt.
What was I thinking, that it would all change? He laughed dryly. I was fooling myself.
He cleared his mind of the deaths behind him and walked across the gangway to the dock.
The warmth of the sun reflecting off the wood and the gentle breeze on his back helped him forget his failures. The water was so clear he could see the bottom. Black sand that curved to the shore, shells with patterns he had never seen before, and decaying skeletons of sunken ships were all visible.
It’s beautiful, I’ve never seen anything like it. His eyes focused on his reflection in the water. I’ve got stubble again. No way to fix that now.
He pulled himself away to catch up with the assassins.
Wetland and Lilac walked down the dock steps onto the beach. Instead of making their way uphill they turned and followed the beach south.
The boy stepped onto the beach and was filled with wonder. The stones under his feet were black as night and rounded like marbles.
“It really has earned the name Onyx Coast.”
The hill in front of him was covered with short green grass, past it were trees. When he saw the trees his eyes widened.
I’ve never seen a real tree before!
He took off his shoes and ran up the beach and leapt onto the grass to feel, for the first time, soil and the softness of grass on his skin.
It’s warm. The ground is warm.
With a childish glee he did everything he could to not fall onto the ground grab fistfuls of plants and soil. He looked over his shoulder at Wetland and Lilac. Then he looked at the trees.
Just a quick look, they won’t even know I’m gone.
He walked up to the trees mesmerized by the branches. The wood split and thinned over and over from the central trunk until tiny green needles bent the tips down. The drawing he had seen, brown and green with straight symmetrical trunks and puffy crowns, didn’t do them justice.
He brushed his hand over the rough bark and pulled it back when he felt something sticky on his fingers. He stuck them together and pulled them apart, looking closely at the light gold substance between them. It smelled strongly of something fresh, natural, living.
This must be sap!
The wind took the lovely scent of pine and wrapped it around him. But it brought something else too. A noise like shredding metal behind him and a smell of coals.
He turned to find the unnatural source and faced a flickering blue wrongness hovering static in the air at chest height. He backed up but hit the tree. He couldn’t bring himself to unfixate his gaze on the wrongness as it opened and stretched into a sharp oval like a cut wound. From the slice came a cold breeze.
He leaned closer to get a better look at the swirling colors inside. Except it wasn’t just random colors, it was an image, like he was looking through a window.
On the other side was a mossy rotunda composed entirely of gray stone, from the circular steps rising out from the center to the walls bending together into a dome.
He dared take a step forward and even dared again to reach an arm into it. The portal took his curiosity as consent.
It enveloped him in a flash and suddenly he was in the center of the rotunda. He dropped a little to the ground, just enough to send him off balance and he fell to the floor. The cold stone scraped his elbows.
Gone was the warm windy sea breeze, replaced by a stagnant cold and a lingering smell of blood.
“What… what just happened.” He chuckled in a mixture of confusion and awe.
A woman’s voice cried out from behind him.
“Beyia he’s here!”
He spun around to see the source of the voice, a woman on her knees clutching a gash on her stomach. Blood spilled out over her hand and her long hair was matted to her face. Her eyes, looking directly at him, were filled with terror. She wore black robes with gold trim and above her head was a ball of stars suspended in glistening flux.
Behind her, holding the only door to the room shut with all of her strength, was a woman clad in bulky black armor. Her pauldrons and back were covered with gashes that looked like they were made with an inhumanly large blade. Above her head was a blue circle, flickering like the portal he was just sucked through. The door behind her shook violently and ruptured in the corner, letting in orange lamplight and angry voices.
“You’re trapped in there, traitor!”
“Return the names or your deaths will be slow and painful!”
“Prei-Dan traitors!”
Heard over the shouts was a rhythmic noise of glass on stone.
The armored woman screamed, “CERANTHA HE’S COMING!”
The bleeding woman named Cerantha raised her free hand at the boy.
“You with no name…”
The boy started to back up. “Hey ah- what are you-?”
“This is a blessing, and a curse. I pray you survive it.”
A tendril the color of an aurora shot out from the orb above her head. It held two colors, wisps of blue and red light tangled together. The boy screamed as the tendril stabbed into his chest, forcing the colors inside of him. A cold feeling spread throughout his body as the tendril pushed the lights deep inside him. His body was paralyzed, he could not fight the tendril. The cold was replaced by a parasitic warmth, and then it was over.
He collapsed to the ground and clutched his chest.
“What- what happened, what did you do to me!?” He looked up at Cerantha but her head fell. Her hand that was pressed on her wound had gone limp.
The woman at the door, Beyia, called out to him as the door behind her lifted off its hinges and the wood shattered. 
“Do not use those names or the Prei-Dan will come for you, you must keep them hidden forever!”
The door exploded sending the woman falling to the ground. Her armor sparked when it was dashed on the floor and people wearing the same robes as Cerantha poured into the room. Above their heads were orbs of all colors and sizes. Some were solid colors, others were swirling storms of objects like glass and stone.
Beyia screamed as she was pushed back. Her blue orb flickered faster. Behind the boy the wrongness appeared again, opening into the blue slit through which he could see the pine trees on the Onyx Coast.
“GOOOOO!” Beyia screamed as she grasped at the robed assailants around her, desperately trying to stop them from closing in on the boy.
Her orb pulsed and the portal enveloped the boy and he found himself tripping backward into the grass. Through the closing slit he caught of glimpse of a hulking monstrosity, a giant knight of glass and blood, ducking into the room and pointing at him through the portal with a bleeding gauntlet. The boy hit the grass and the portal closed and disappeared, but not before the tree behind him burst into an explosion of bark and sap. He covered his head as splinters of wood cascaded down on him. He twisted around to see a gash the width of his arm span cut into the trunk of the pine.
That thing- it attacked me through that portal! And those people, were those, Prei-Dan? Orb wizards?
He stood on shaky legs. The realization that he didn’t hallucinate a portal, that he really was transported to some far-off place for a split second, and that his life almost ended in a bisection, slowly dawned on him as he caught up with Wetland and Lilac. 
The Prei-Dan will be after me… something about my name? What’s so special about… what?
The boy suddenly had a name. Two names, in fact. He smiled a bit and rubbed his forehead and thought that it was all quite silly and blinked his eyes and thought about it again.
Then he frowned a bit. He rubbed his temples and squeezed his eyes shut as he searched his memories. He flipped through images of his brothers and sisters calling out to him but whenever they did, two names he had never heard before came out of their mouths.
Something edited my memories and added those names, it must have been whatever that woman did to me!
The boy laughed out loud and Lilac turned to him.
“What?”
“Do you know my name?"
“I don’t care ta know yer real name, boy. Shut yer rottin’ mouth an’ keep a look out.”
She knew I didn’t have a name before, now she’s acting like I’ve had one all along. It’s not just my memories, but possibly everyone’s? How is that possible? What exactly happened to me?
The boy looked ahead, down the monotonous black coast. The sun lowered across the sea. Everything felt wrong. He couldn’t wrap his head around what transpired in the portal.
More things I don’t want to think about.
He blocked out the memories of the portal and focused on scanning the coast up and down over and over. It worked for the most part, but the names kept creeping in.
Two words, beckoning to be spoken. A previously undiscovered heritage begging the boy to make the world aware of their arrival. His mouth moved to form the syllables but he bit his tongue. It felt wrong.
As he trudged on trying to clear his head the sea foam and sand whispered them in his ear. The wind and the grass spread them like a rumor. They were parasitic, addicting, taboo. He couldn’t stop himself from thinking of them.
Alocust Serivinian.






SEA WALL




As they walked closer to the mountains of fog the black beach disappeared under heaping stones. They climbed boulders and crossed fallen trees as they followed the coastline. The wind howled through thin crevices, haunting them as they neared their destination.
The trio reached the edge of Shulsa just as the sun set. The boy heard a change in the sound of the water that he did not understand. The waves suddenly thinned and the sound they made lapping against the coast was different somehow. It was as if there were two different waters colliding but not mixing.
The darkness that covered the landscape was so thick that not even he could see the ocean. The new water was thick with salt and the air was so saturated that a sticky layer formed on his skin.
Lilac produced a small folding lantern from her pack and lit it. The weak glow revealed the edge of an eroded overhang and under it a stagnant black sea.
This water, it’s so different from the ocean on the Onyx Coast. The color, the smell, everything.
The rhythmic tapping of driftwood against the cliff reminded the boy of the giant wind chimes that dangled off the sails of fishing vessels back home.
Wetland looked out over the sea and scratched his chin.
“We make camp for the night. When the tide recedes in the morning we will follow it.”
The boy scrunched his eyebrows. “There was no ebb when we arrived this morning, what tide are you talking about?”
Wetland turned and grinned. “You will see. Go collect wood.”
The boy sighed. He walked up the rocky slope and scoured the ground for dried branches and dead grass in the fading light.
When he returned Wetland was sitting on the ground cleaning his rifle and Lilac was watching the stars. He arranged the wood and kindling and Lilac came over to him and held the side of her revolver over the grass and ran her knuckle down a dark strip on the edge of the barrel. The metal joint on her glove ignited the substance on the strip sending sparks into the grass. They smoldered and smoked. The boy leaned in and nurtured the flame with his breath until the fire grew and cut away the darkness and cold.
His stomach growled and he realized he hadn’t eaten since leaving the mainland. Lilac snorted.
“Lookin’ fer grub, boy? We don't carry any, a full stomach dulls yer senses.” She held up a hand-sized white box and opened it. She took out something pinched between her fingers and tossed it to the boy. “But we can’t have ya dyin on us. This’s all yer gettin.”
The boy palmed it out of the air. It was a green pill. Wetland caught one as well and laughed at the boy’s unsure face.
"It is an algae pill. It has three days of nutrients." Wetland popped his into his mouth and swallowed it dry.
The boy followed suit. When the pill hit his tongue he was assaulted by an extreme earthy taste like he just crammed his mouth full of mud. He forced it down.
Lilac laughed at his expression. “Ain’t supposed ta taste good. Yer lucky we’re givin’ ya one, be grateful.” Lilac tucked the box back into her bag.
They sat around the fire enjoying the heat of the flames against the cool mist on their backs. It was comfortable, a feeling unfamiliar to the boy. Even the rocky earth and the unease of the night couldn’t steal the warmth from him.
Until Lilac started a fight.
“Wetland, ya really think boy ‘ere gots tha guts fer Shulsa? I say he’s just gonna drag us down.”
“Excuse me? Guts? I’ve got guts!” The boy spat back. “I’ve seen more than you, I’m not scared of some unknown land.”
“Ya say more than me! Ha! I’ve looked men in tha eyes as I slit their throats, I’ve been shot an’ stabbed an’ bleedin’ out in tha dark. I’ve faced tha worst people ya can’t even imagine, I’ve got loads over some runaway snot face.”
“You have no idea what I’ve been through.”
“What ya seen then? Huh? Boy ya ain’t seen nothin’. Nothin’!”
“Shut your mouth Lilac, I’m as ready for what’s out there as you are.”
“Yain’t ready fer tha horrors, boy. Yain’t got any guts, yain't weathered.”
The boy snapped. “Not weathered. Ha, wow, not weathered.” He shook his head. “You know where I ran from before I pressed my head to the floor begging you take me with you? Do you know what I came here to escape?”
“Yain’t run from NOTHIN’!” Lilac stood up.
The boy rose with her. His pulse raced and his face flushed red. “I worked the dredges.”
“Sit down boy.” Wetland chuckled. “You did no such thing.”
“I WORKED THE DREDGES.” He stared Wetland and Lilac down.
Wetland’s eyebrow raised. “Only grown convicts work the dredges. You are lying to cover up how scared you are.”
“The only thing I’m scared of is dying. I already had my life taken away from me the moment I was born, dumped into a garbage heap and ‘rescued’ to work the dredges, a job they consider equal to execution. There aren’t enough convicts to pull all the fishing ships over the muck so what they don’t tell you is they run an illegal slavery ring all up and down the coast. They’re filled with kids. Kids! They find, buy, kidnap them, even keep ‘missing’ female convicts to breed their little workers grown to do one thing and one thing only. Work the dredges. We worked them the second we could tug a rope. You ever been down there in those trenches of agony? You ever see a kid just past the age he can grow hair under his arms just disappear under the muck? One unlucky step into a hidden air pocket and you free fall into shit, rot, and slime and drown to death choking on corpses of plants and animals as your brothers and sisters can do nothing but cry for you? Have you seen a girl so malnourished her skin breaks on her elbows, pulling at the front of a tug rope that snaps and takes her arms off with it? Seen those boys at the front when the ship slips over a big stopper and they can’t run back fast enough and get run over and crushed between the muck and the hull? Not like we move those ships fast either, so they’re just stuck there, slowly suffocating face down in the waste as the ship they were just pulling scrapes the skin off their backs!”
Lilac was silent and stared into the distance. Wetland’s permanent grin left his face.
“So yeah I’m a little weathered. Had to grow up a little fast. I’m desensitized to horror and I appreciate life. Shut your mouths next time you speak about me being afraid.” He sat back down heavily.
The wood in the fire blackened and crumbled. The lapping waves ate away at the boy’s anger.
After a time, Wetland muttered, “Get some sleep, boy. We’d sooner kill you than dawdle in the morning.”
He pulled a blanket over himself and didn’t say another word. Lilac snuffed out the lantern. She didn’t even look at the boy.
The boy took one last look over Shulsa before heeding Wetland’s words. He brushed dirt and stones in a vain attempt at softening the ground and lay down with the back of his head in his hands. Lilac kicked the dwindling fire and spread the orange-black coals around. The boy watched her. Against the stars, her silhouette pulled out her revolver and screwed the silencer on. She sat cross-legged on the ground watching the slope of the mountain.
Fog rolled down from the summit and enveloped the cliffside. With nothing to look at but shifting night, the boy surrendered himself to exhaustion and faded into slumber.
He dreamed of a dark sea. He sat on the edge of a cliff with his legs swinging over the darkness. He grew dizzy looking into the infinite maw of the night and pitched forward into the black. He crashed into the water, and when he broke the surface the cliffside was gone. His memories flashed around him like lightning behind deep clouds. He examined every detail of them, even delving into the painful ones, the ones that were buried deep underwater where it thickened into muck. Holding his breath he swam downward until his lungs burned. When he reached those buried memories he sifted through the days working the dredges and every time one of his brothers or sisters screamed for him, it was ‘Alocust Serivinian’.
He closed his mind as he could no longer ignore his airless lungs. But he didn’t remember which way was up. He flailed his arms wildly and felt the muck envelop him, crush him, drag him into the depths… no, it was not rotten sewage pulling him down, it was some other force lifting him to the surface. He broke the surface and he threw up freezing water as he was yanked higher and higher above the sea. The dredges faded out of sight and he was dropped onto solid darkness.
Out of the coiling shadows of his thoughts came a voice. It was heavy and arrogant and carried the familiarity of a vaguely remembered stranger.
“Hello. Having a nightmare?”
The boy answered back with his thoughts. Who are you? Why are you in my head?
“My name- well, our name now- is Alocust. I appear to be a part of you now, whether either of us consented to it or not.”
You! You’re the name that keeps entering my mind, what do you mean by ‘our’ name? What happened to me?
“Your name is gone forever, it simply no longer exists, as if it never did in the first place. Nobody will ever remember it, even you, and if it was written down the ink will be unreadable. I am your name now, as strange as that concept is.”
What? No, I never had a name, and you, you’re someone talking to me in my head, you’re not just a name! How does anything you say make sense!?
“You are Alocust, I am Alocust, together we are Alocust. A body can only have one name and I am yours, and names are tied to fate and power. Perhaps never having a name qualified you as a candidate for me, you were an empty vessel to be filled. Once you accept me as your new name, it will prove mutually beneficial for both of us.”
No, none of this makes any sense. And what about my new last name, Seri-
“STOP.”
The boy felt a jolt of energy that stopped his thoughts from entering his head.
“I can’t believe they did it, those wizards… Promise me, under no circumstances, should you ever say, no, even think that second name. It is not a last name, it is another entity like me, but it is an abomination full of rage and hatred. That thing is asleep, and we need to keep it that way.”
I- I understand, I think. Why should I trust you?
“Because whatever I do for myself, I am doing for you. I have our best interests in mind. You’ll grow to accept me, trust me, use me, and we will become one.”
I was told never to use you, or the other one, or the Prei-Dan would find me.
“No such method exists, whoever told you that was paranoid beyond reason. You will come to love what I can give you.”
I don’t know, this is all just- it’s all overwhelming, and I can’t bring myself to trust a random voice in my head!
“Time will weaken your resolve. Until then, I will always be here.” The voice faded away and the boy fell through the darkness.
He screamed and flung his arms and legs desperately trying to catch onto something.
An unseen force wrapped around his chest. He kicked and clawed at it and there was frantic shouting in his ear.
“Quit diggin’ yer nails inta mah arm!"
Black flashed to orange as the boy was yanked out of the darkness. His eyes shot open and he panicked to make sense of the blurriness around him. His lungs burned like he had held his breath for too long. He looked down and his heart stopped, black blobs of light sharpened into view revealing jagged stones jutting out of the drying ocean bed.
Lilac had her arm wrapped around his chest. Her body was pitched forward from when she caught him mid-jump. She let out a strained growl and flung him back onto the ground. She leapt at him and grabbed his shirt and pulled him to her face.
“ARE YA TRYIN’ TA KILL YERSELF?" She screamed.
“I- ah, no, I-” The words wouldn’t form. “Having a nightmare, m-must’ve-”
Lilac shook him. "Ya owe me, ya owe me so big yer gonna be owin’ me fer tha rest’a yer rottin’ LIFE!" She threw him down and walked away snarling obscenities under her breath.
Wetland approached the boy and reached his hand out. The boy hesitated then took it. Wetland pulled him to his feet but didn’t let go of his hand, instead he clasped his other hand on his shoulder and smiled.
“Do something stupid like that again and Lilac will kill you.”
The boy swallowed and nodded. Wetland let go of his hand. 
The images of the boy’s nightmare were still fresh in his mind.
That voice in my mind, was I just imagin-
“No, you weren’t.” The voice from his dream, Alocust, spoke inside his head.
The boy had to prevent himself from physically gasping.
My nightmare was real?
“Yes, are you getting it now? I’m real, I’m your new name.”
No, no you can’t possibly-
“Your denial is becoming excessive. Do us both a favor and think long and hard about it before you speak to me again, agreed?”
I- fine. But I want better answers than ‘just accept it’.
“I’ll be glad to talk to someone with their priorities in the right place.”
The boy lifted his head for the first time since waking up. Wetland stood at the cliff.
“Look.” He pointed out over expanse the dark sea filled the night before.
The boy followed his hand. He rubbed his eyes and blinked thinking the sunrise was playing tricks on him, but when the stars in his vision faded it was still there.
The sea wall.
While the Shulsan sea disappeared overnight, the ocean that touched the onyx shores stayed perfectly in place. A sheer wall of water formed stretching far out over the horizon in a straight line forming a cross-section that reached down to the ocean floor. Cresting waves bent over the impossibly sharp corner of the water. A shiver of sharks dipped their fins in and out of the wall but never crossed into the empty expanse. 
“It’s… it’s amazing…” The boy’s mind reeled from the shock of more unfathomable events.
Strangefall will drive me mad…
“It is legend, the sea wall of Shulsa. Marking the barrier between the safety of the onyx shores and the wilds of the tidal plains.” Wetland preached.
“How… how does it work?” The boy walked to the edge of the cliff where the sea wall lapped against the stone below him.
Would I curve around the corner too, like the waves?
“Put this on.” Wetland ignored his question and handed him a rolled tube. Lilac already had a similar one and was unrolling it.
It was heavy for its size. He peeled a dark green layer of stretchy cloth and realized it was some sort of suit.
Reminds me of the muck treader suits. This material probably repels liquids.
“Make an airtight seal with your boots or you will lose your feet to bloat walking in the tide.” Wetland pressed the edge of the material where a wide sticky strip was against his boots. The boy and Lilac did the same. The rest of the cloth unraveled into a single piece suit that zipped up and ended in a hood. As they dressed Wetland started to talk about the mission.
“We are hunting a Prei-Dan deserter name Prantis.”
Prei-Dan, just like when I was…
His forehead throbbed as he remembered his new names, and desperately tried not to think of the second.
“An orb wizard? I’ve never seen one in person,” he lied, “only heard stories that anyone born here has a chance to awaken as one.”
“That is how it works, nobody knows why.” Wetland zipped his suit and covered his rifle case in a clear bag.
“Prei-Dan? Nevah killed one’a them stupid ball maggots yet, I’m lookin’ forward ta cavin’ his skull in.” Lilac ground her fist into her palm.
“Are Prei-Dan like, the rulers of Strangefall?”
“In a way. But they are detested. Legend has it the Prei-Dan founder, Rose, discovered this land and fought years to capture just the Onyx Coast. Once they birthed the first generation of orb wizards, she ripped apart the earth and drove the demons into the newly formed mountains. They founded the city of Prei-Dan at the far end to protect the valley, but after generations their power drove them mad. The southern towns rebelled against their oppressive rule, starting a civil war that shattered the valley into hundreds of independent towns.”
“Do you believe the stuff about Rose tearing apart the earth?”
Lilac sneered. “Ya really think anyone falls fer that propaganda? They’re filthy liars, all’a ‘em.”
Wetland steered the conversation back. “Prantis is wanted for thirty-seven murders, six attempted murders, theft of secret documents, and illegal experimentation.”
“What kind of illegal experiments do orb wizards do?” The boy thought back to the giant knight of glass and blood that attacked him with some unseen weapon.
There was nothing natural about that being.
“The Prei-Dan have a colorful history of human experimentation. So if what he was doing was considered illegal even by their standards, then it must be truly abominable.” Wetland clapped the boy on the back. “But nothing that will scare you, boy. It is good to have another companion that will not flinch in the face of living nightmares.” The boy stepped away from Wetland’s touch. “But I cannot say the same about imaginary ones.” Wetland smirked.
The boy glared at him and finished zipping up his suit. The suit was a tight-fitting covering, he barely noticed it when he moved.
Wetland handed him a light metal rod the length of his forearm.
“What’s this for?”
“To slow your fall.” Wetland walked to the edge of the cliff above the sea wall. Lilac followed giddily.
“What do you mean ‘slow your fall?’” The boy inspected his rod and then looked at the sea wall extending far below him to a black seafloor.
Wetland took the rod and flicked his wrist. It splayed outward like a fan and looped back around forming a wide disk. The boy understood and his heart sank.
“See you at the bottom, boy.” Wetland leapt off the cliff with abnormal vigor. He fell, gracing the edge of the sea wall with his suit. He righted himself in the air and took the disk in both hands and plunged it into the sea wall. He ripped the liquid out into the air, creating a fine mist as he used the force to slow his descent. The boy swore he heard a holler of joy. Before he reached the bottom Lilac walked up to the edge with her disk in hand. 
“Our turn.” She turned to him.
“No. Lilac sto-” She grabbed his collar and tipped backward over the edge.
The boy screamed and Lilac laughed. They sank through the air and she let go of him. She rammed her disk into the water and slowed her fall.
The boy righted himself and tried catching his breath in the wind but it suffocated him. The ground grew closer alarmingly fast. He pressed the edge of the disk into the wall and in a flash he saw the fin of a large fish breaking the edge of the wall before the disk hit it and shattered. He screamed, kicking his arms and legs out into the water but every time he touched it he bounced off the surface and spun wildly. 
I’m already falling too fast! I’m going to die!
Lilac wrapped her arm around him and pulled him close. She took her disk in one hand and plunged it back into the water just as the ground came up to meet them. They were yanked upwards by the change in momentum and the boy felt his ribs bruise and the air crushed out of his lungs. They landed on each other, sprawling into a pile of limbs.
“Anyone broken anything?” Wetland walked up.
“I don’t think so…” The boy rubbed his elbows where he hit the stone. His ribs hurt with each breath he took.
Lilac got up and wiped water off of her suit.
“Good. I did not want to have to shoot either of you just as we made it to Shulsa.” The boy let out a dry laugh but he knew Wetland was dead serious. “And Lilac. Do not stick your neck out for the boy like that, his life is worth far less than yours.”
Lilac said nothing. The boy felt guilt wash over him that he knew he had no reason to feel.
“Lilac… thank you.” The boy said.
“Shut it, maggot.” She didn’t even look at him.
Wetland threw his arms wide and presented the world.
“Welcome to Shulsa.”






TIDAL PLAINS




The boy looked up and down the towering sea wall and cliff behind him. He felt like an insect in the corner of a box.
The smooth black stone of the tidal plains pocked with tide pools of all sizes stretched over the horizon. To his right, against the sea wall, were tightly packed patches of red oval shells crusted over the stone. He didn’t want to think about how their serrated edges would feel under his soft boots.
He walked over to the closest tide pool, a big circle several arm lengths across, and leaned over the edge to look at its wondrous ecosystem. Beneath the gently churning water was a great rainbow. Stones, sand, and crystals were the playground for pinky-sized creatures, tiny spike-backed crabs hid under rocks, glowing eels slithered through cracked geodes, and seagrasses of every color swayed in an invisible flow. He reached his hand in and felt sun-warmed water reach up to his elbow as he moved his hands through the fine black sand at the bottom of the pool.
Something slimy bumped the tips of his fingers. In a panic he pulled his arm out but still felt it entangling itself around his wrist. He fell back and grabbed whatever it was in his other hand and held it away.
It was a clump of black seaweed. He examined the plant and noticed its transition to the color of his skin.
It must defend itself by mimicking the color of its surroundings.
He tore a piece off and popped it into his mouth. He puckered.
What is that!? Is that… spicy? No, I heard that’s more like pain on your tongue, this tightness must be… sour?
“Are you done, boy?” Wetland looked over his shoulder at the boy. He and Lilac were paces ahead of him.
The boy swallowed the seaweed. “Yes, sorry. Sir.”
“As our observer, you will lead the way. There is not time for unchecked curiosity.” He ushered the boy to the front.
“Know yer place, boy.” Lilac chided him. He didn’t respond. He looked out over the dry sea and wondered what other beauty it held.
“What’s our plan?” He asked Wetland.
“The tide returns in full by evening. The frontier settlements are a day’s journey from the cliff, so if we delay too long, we will be swimming with whatever horrors fill the riptide.”
“Horrors?”
“You do not have a grasp of how dangerous Strangefall is, boy. Have you not heard of the ‘great four’? The barriers to the beyond, the hives of demons: The Mountains of Fog to the south, the Great Mountain to the north, the Infinite Field to the east, and Shulsa, the ‘enigma sea’, the cyclic tidal plains of death stretching out of the Onyx coast. Even then, within Shulsa is the frontier, the farthest point any civilization is possible, past which is an unknown that very few have returned from. That is where Prantis is hiding, so that is where we are going.”
The boy nodded solemnly. He didn’t want to ask more after seeing the grim look cross Wetland’s face as he spoke. It hadn’t dawned on him fully what Strangefall was. A valley of despair. He was crossing into the frontier within the frontier, a cursed expedition to find death, whether it be theirs, or Prantis’. Or maybe both.
They walked on in silence, only broken by the occasional squawking of a seabird or the gurgling of a tide pool to hint at the vast life around them. The boy was almost fooled into comfort by the cool breeze and the sun glowing on his skin. But he never wavered in his duty. His eyes were peeled, scanning the horizon for any signs of the horrors Wetland mentioned.
Lilac and Wetland walked behind him side by side. Lilac never took her hands off of her revolver, which she rested on her shoulder. Wetland carried his rifle case with one of two latches undone.
The sea wall bent further and further away from their line of travel until it was just a thick blue line.
As the sun rested about halfway to its apex, the boy spotted a building on the horizon.
“There’s a… house out there.” He pointed ahead of them. Lilac squinted and Wetland checked the boy’s claim with his rifle scope.
“Do you think it is safe to pass close by it, boy?”
The boy blew all of the air out of his lungs to steady his vision and squinted. “Um… yes, it looks to be in a state of disrepair. My guess is it’s abandoned.”
“Good. We will not deviate from our path then.”
They continued towards the house, which grew from a dot in the distance to a two-story structure of sun-bleached wood planks and a roof thatched with dried reeds. The foundation of the house was a square of tightly bound hollowed-out logs. The platform rested on a thick metal chain with the opposite end embedded into the stone a ways away.
Fascinating, the logs must allow the house to float as the tide comes in and the chain acts as a permanent anchor.
“Who tha hell was mad ta built a rottin’ house out ‘ere?”
“Someone madder than ya.” The boy mocked her accent.
Lilac turned on him in a rage. "I'll rip yer tongue out an’ shove it in one eye hole an’ yank it out’a tha other if ya mock me evah again ya worm!”
“Shut your mouths. We have no time to waste.” Wetland glanced wearily at the house and motioned for them to give it a sizable berth.
As they approached, the boy couldn’t take his eyes off of it. Filled with a curiosity that had never been sated once his entire life he broke off from the group and ran at the house.
“Boy! Come back here!”
He ignored Wetland’s command and ran across the stone.
“Careful.” Alocust spoke to him again.
Stop talking to me, I’m not ready for you.
He reached the structure and jumped onto the wood platform. The door to the inside was wide and dark. Too dark. Even when he squinted the darkness inside the house defied all logic and ignored the light pouring into the doorway.
He reached out into the doorway but instead of his hand disappearing into the unfathomable blackness, he touched something solid and warm that coated his fingers in a sticky clear fluid that left trails as he retracted his hand. It wasn’t that it was dark in the house, something huge and pitch-black was blocking the door.
“Boy, BOY!” Lilac ran towards him with her revolver gripped in both hands.
Her yells of warning faded into the back of his mind as an enormous tube of slimy flesh unfolded itself from inside the house. He tripped off the wood platform and fell onto his back. The thing’s enormous body uncoiled itself and slithered out through the doorway leaving a trail of mucus behind it. The boy whimpered as the night-black eel, as wide as his arm span, lifted its head and opened its jaw filled with rows and rows of glistening fangs.
The house groaned as more eels pushed their way out of the windows on the second floor. They all hissed as they caught the scent of prey.
BANG BANG BANG.
Bullets tore through their flesh and all but the first swung their heads at Lilac who ran at them with her revolver in one hand and a blade in the other.
“Fight me ya overgrown snakes!”
The eels stretched towards her and lashed at her with their jaws. Lilac moved gracefully, dodging and jumping over their heads and shooting their eyes and inside their mouths. Her sword was used more as a balancing tool than a weapon, allowing her to run down the sticky length of the eel’s necks and spin and shoot the others.
The first eel didn’t take its eyes off the boy. It raised itself to a height that eclipsed the house and opened its jaws wide.
“You’re going to die.” Alocust’s statement was filled with contempt.
I can’t die here, I just got here! If I die what will I have escaped for!?
The eel’s round white eyes became a blur as it struck at the boy with teeth ready to sever his flesh.
“I can save you.”
Then do it!
“Beg me.”
I said it before and I’ll say it again, I refuse to beg!
The muscles in his arms, legs, torso, and back twitched in unison. A blazing vigor saturated his bones and rapidly permeated his tissue until it felt like they were filled to the brim and about to burst. He was bloated with raw energy.
What- what’s happening to me!?
“I’ve granted you a fraction of my power. Don’t waste my charity.”
Your power? What does that even-
The jaws reached him. But he caught them. He caught the upper and lower jaws and stopped it dead in its tracks.
He felt no pain. Even if his body burned from the inside out there was no pain in stopping the eel.
He crushed the slimy flesh of the serpent under his fingers and it thrashed its body but couldn’t break free, he remained rooted in place.
From the eel's mouth came another set of jaws pushing out of its gullet. It bit down hard on the boy’s shoulder and he screamed- but felt nothing. Alocust’s power had accumulated under his skin a split second before he was bitten, causing the eel’s fangs to shatter on his skin. 
The eel screeched and retracted its second jaw. The boy pulled his hands together and shut the eel’s mouth.
“Get out of there! I used so much of my power keeping you alive it won’t last any longer!”
Then I’ll finish this even faster.
He took a step back dragging the eel with him. It thrashed even harder but he kept pulling the eel’s neck further. Its skin stretched and broke. Just as he was about to tear the beast in two, the fire inside of him was doused.
“You fool, RUN!”
Your power, where did it go!?
The eel overwhelmed his human strength in an injured frenzy and threw him to the ground, its own strength tore apart its stretched skin sending blood and mucus spraying everywhere. The stone scraped his knees and he scrambled to get up and run as the eel swung down on him in a bloody rage.
“You used everything I gave you!”
Then give me more!
“I ca-”
The eel’s head smashed down right as the boy rolled out of the way. Its teeth cut into the stone and it reared its head back for another strike. Before the boy could stand the eel wrapped its jaws around him, its teeth-
ZEEEEEEEEEE.
An ear-splitting whistle cut through the air over them and the eel stopped just before it rent the boy in two, flinching from the noise it swung its head back and forth in pain as it retracted its body back into the house. The eels attacking Lilac also shook and pulled back into the house.
Lilac emptied the last of her revolver into the side of the building and yelled victorious obscenities as she ran over to the boy.
“Haha! Those things’re unkillable! Boy that was somethin’ wild!”
“I- um, thanks for helping out.”
Lilac pulled him to his feet. “Good thing Wetland came prepared, he said we’d need those whistlers.”
It must be a special bullet that makes whistles as it’s shot. If it weren’t for him I would’ve been swallowed in chunks by now. No thanks to you Alocust!
“You’d be wise to listen to me next time I say you don’t have long.” Alocust spat.
Lilac continued her excited chatter as she dragged the boy by the arm to meet Wetland.
“That’s tha thrill, tha rush I been cravin’! I should flay ya alive, but ya gave me tha most fun in a long while.” She clapped him on the back. Her eyes were wild and her face was soaked with eel fluids.
The boy nodded, shell-shocked.
“BOY!” Wetland stormed at him and pressed the tip of his rifle on the boy’s chest. “What did I say would happen if you disobeyed me!? What can you possibly say right now that will convince me not to put a bullet through-”
“Wetland! Let ‘im off, I needed somethin’ excitin’ ta take mah boredom away an’ we didn’t waste too much time.”
Wetland looked at Lilac and then at the boy. He lowered his rifle.
“You are lucky that I take Lilac’s suggestions to heart.” He said slowly through grit teeth.
The boy nodded and rubbed his chest where the barrel jabbed him. Wetland’s face relaxed into his normal slight smile.
“Did you get any of the mucus in your mouth?”
“Um, no I don’t think so.”
“You best be sure. It carries all sorts of diseases to deter predators.”
“Those things have predators?”
“Everything has a predator in Shulsa. We have wasted enough time here.”
They continued walking, the house disappeared behind them. The boy gradually came to terms with the reality of his situation.
Shulsa’s no place for humans. It’s a primal brawl.






PIT




The boy could feel the pit long before he could see it. The wind was drawn to it over the horizon. Smears of salt left behind by the draining of the tide covered the gradual decline in the stone. Shallow canyons pointing to the center of the crater replaced the once numerous tide pools.
When they came close to the edge of the great pit they climbed up a mound of salt and gazed across the expanse. The other side was shrouded from sight by a thick shaft of rising steam. The edge, wavy and sharp from draining water, curved far out of sight in both directions. Tall seagrass grew along the lip where water and silt collected.
Anchored to the edge of the hole was a bridge. Two wooden stakes covered in barnacles and polyps stuck out of the stone to support thick ropes strung out through the fog. Tied to the ropes were wooden planks still dripping from the tide.
The boy squinted at a shape on the bridge. It was a huge snail shell. It took up the width of the bridge and then some, and the boards it sat on bent under its weight. The gray spiral ended in a slick pearl opening that let out onto the bridge.
“Do snails grow that big?” The boy pointed to the shell.
Wetland pulled out his rifle and looked through the scope.
“Ya think snail’s any good?” Lilac licked her lips.
“Quiet. We’ll push it off when we get to it.” Wetland started to leave but the boy held out a hand.
“Something’s not right.” he scanned the reeds.
It’s too perfect. The bridge, the snail blocking the path, the cover from the reeds…
Lilac pulled out her revolver and silencer and crouched behind the tip of the salt wave. The boy didn’t detect anything but he couldn’t shake the feeling in his gut.
“Can you hear it?” Alocust whispered to him.
Get out of my head.
“Can you hear the life?”
What are you talking about? What life?
“Not even stone is truly silent.”
Blood rushed to his ears in sync with his heartbeat. Then the world was loud. He could hear everything, each reed bouncing off the others in the breeze, the slurping of water beneath the stone, the echo of wind in the hole.
He heard three sets of faint breaths, two in the reeds and one curled inside of the shell on the bridge.
“It’s an ambush! Three of them, two in the reeds and one in the shell. Wetland, shoot it just left of the center to draw the other two out.”
“Shut yer mouth boy, ya don’t give orders-”
“You sure, boy?” Wetland interrupted her.
The boy nodded.
From his shirt pocket Wetland retrieved a slick black bullet and chambered it. He leaned into his scope, lined up the shot, and squeezed the trigger.
His rifle was much louder than Lilac’s revolver and the boy clasped his ears with his hands as the bullet exploded out of the long barrel. It whistled through the air down the bridge and embedded itself in the shell, just left of the center. The shell cracked and red fluid leaked from the hole. More blood spilled from the opening and something slid out and draped over the bridge. It was a naked woman clutching a butcher knife.
“NO! HINDRA!” A scream came from the reeds. A man wrapped head to toe in dark clothing ran into the open and Lilac unleashed a hail of bullets that caught both of his legs. They gave out and he collapsed screaming in pain. She lined up another shot but Wetland stopped her.
“Wait for the third.”
They watched the reeds. The dead woman’s blood dripped into the abyss.
There was no sound but the bandit’s agonized wailing. 
“Hind- Agh- Hindraaa-ah…” The man sobbed as he dragged himself towards the bridge, leaving a smear of blood behind.
They waited.
Wetland chambered a red bullet.
The man made it to the start of the bridge and reached out towards the reeds.
“Please… help-p her…”
Wetland swung his rifle and fired at the spot. The red bullet exploded in a flash and covered the ledge with flames.
The boy heard shuffling and grunting as the bandit behind the ledge put out the fire on his coat and then the sound of a bullet being chambered.
“GET DOWN!” The boy covered his head.
As Wetland dropped, the bullet cut through the skin on his shoulder followed by the crack of a rifle. He grimaced and sat down hard, gripping the wound. Blood flowed between his fingers. Lilac unzipped her suit and tore a strip of cloth from her shirt.
“Wetland, yer shot!”
“Barely a graze. Where are they!?” Wetland wrapped the strip around his shoulder and pulled it tight with his teeth. He loaded another incendiary round and steady his breath. The salt between their heads exploded as another bullet passed through it. 
“Boy!?”
“Ah, um-” He concentrated again but couldn’t force his ears to let him hear like before.
“Beg me.” Alocust’s haughty voice returned.
No.
“I sharpened your senses. Beg me to do it again.”
If we’re going to come to a mutual situation here then quit being a maggot!
“I like your attitude.”
Blood rushed to his ears again and they were filled with sounds of the bandit breathing, the squeezing of a trigger, a silent spot where the wind didn’t flow. It painted a perfect image in his head.
“He’s flush with the bottom right side of the bridge, he’s ready to fire, so wait-”
Wetland pushed up from the ground, spun, and squeezed the trigger.
BANG.
He bounced back with recoil and the cloth on his shoulder soaked up fresh blood. Another bullet whistled by his head, taking off his left ear lobe. The incendiary round flew straight into the bandit’s stomach. He glowed red and inflated with smoke that poured out of his face. His corpse tipped backward into the abyss.
The exchange deafened the boy. All he heard was a jarring tone as he watched Wetland break into a smile.
Lilac leapt past their salt cover and slid down to the ground. She ran to the man on the bridge. He had died stretching his arm out to his sniper companion, his blood dripped through the wooden slats. His pulse was checked for good measure before Lilac patted his overcoat pockets.
Wetland and the boy made it to the bridge as Lilac dumped small knives, metal trinkets, and cloth scraps into the pit.
“Nothin’! This maggot’s got nothin’!”
She ran to the snail shell and pulled the woman’s corpse over the edge. She reached into the shell, and upon finding nothing, pushed it off. The bridge sprang as the lost weight and sent a ripple through the fog. Lilac flattened herself to the wood and laughed as she bobbed precariously over nothingness.
The boy looked at the edge of the pit. The slick black walls descended into darkness.
I wonder where the steam is coming from.
“Probably a subterranean vent.” Alocust chimed in.
I don’t even know what that is.
“I’m aware.”
How do you know so much about this place?
“I just do.”
His eyes switched to the corpse of the man in the coat. “Do you think they would’ve charged us a toll?” He wondered out loud.
“They would have killed us as soon as we were cornered against that shell.” Wetland passed by the reed and pulled back a bunch to reveal a heaping pile of bones. Human bones. “They must have a stash somewhere nearby. Shame there is no time to search.”
The boy gulped at the thought that he was one gut feeling away from being stabbed, shot, and probably eaten.
Wetland let the reeds fall back into place and motioned to the bridge. “After you.”
The boy gently pressed down on the first plank. It groaned menacingly. He tapped each plank with the tip of his boot before putting his weight on it.
“We don’t got all day!” Lilac pushed ahead of him, sending him teetering on the edge, he dropped to his knees in panic as Lilac stomped across the bridge. Wetland was close behind, walking at a brisk pace. Not wanting to get too close to him the boy stood up, swallowed his fear, and followed Lilac.
By the time they crossed the pit the tide had already risen to their bellies. The terrifying waterfall of liquid rushing down the opposite crater slope impeded their journey.
But the boy saw otherwise. “Look,” he pointed to something beneath the rush, “there’s a rope.”
“A rope? I don’t see no rope.”Lilac walked to the edge of the bridge where a keystone shaped boulder split the oncoming tide in two, preventing it from flowing onto the bridge.
“It’s there, winding around the boulder. Can you grab it?”
“Hold this.” She pulled her bag over her shoulders and handed it to the boy.
Lilac plunged her fist into the raging flow, nearly dragging them both off as her foot slipped over the pit. She fell backward onto the boy and they collapsed in a soaking pile.
She got off of him and triumphantly raised a thick rope in her hand.
“Let us ascend.” Wetland pulled the boy up and motioned to the rope.
He took it from Lilac’s hand and looked at the raging waters. He gulped.
“Tha water’ll only get stronger, boy! Bettah hurry.”
The boy gripped it in both hands and pulled himself into the water. The force nearly blew him off his feet but he stood tall and leaned against the flow, finding his footing on the crater slope. The water split around him, gushing as it crashed back in on itself behind him.
With great effort he pulled the rope and took a step upwards. And then another.
Behind him Lilac entered the flow next, laughing as the water splashed around her. Wetland was last, stepping in and not even budging.
“If you let go you die!” The assassin yelled over the crashing tide.
The boy didn’t need him to warn him. His knuckles turned white from how hard he held onto the rope as he climbed the slope step by step. It felt like days before they reached the top. His body shivered violently in the freezing water and his legs threatened to fail. The water raised to their chests but the intensity of the flow had waned the higher he went.
When he made it onto the lip the rope stopped, having been tied to a mast of carved rock. The sun broke through the clouds and cut away the dreary mist and warmed his shoulders as he helped pull Lilac and Wetland up. They held onto the stone mast and caught their breaths floating on their backs, the cold melted from their aching bodies while the boy scanned the horizon.
“You see anything boy?” Wetland’s voice revealed his exhaustion.
The boy treaded water and swept the horizon for any sign of civilization. The pit of ignored despair in his stomach fluttered when he didn’t see anything.
“C’mon boy, anythin!” Lilac shivered.
He almost gave up hope before he spotted a gray shadow sticking out of the surface of the water. A Hill. He pointed at it and they swam for it.






SALT HILL




They climbed a winding staircase carved into the side of the hill—the entire landform was a condensed salt deposit—the tide eating the steps behind them kept them moving through their exhaustion. Giant obelisks of salt covered the hill, jutting outward like a phalanx. They swept aside drapes of seaweed and stepped over clumps of mollusks, or in Lilac’s case, crushed them. The evening sun beat down on their backs and dried their suits.
The boy looked behind them at the rising water. “Won’t this town be swallowed up in the tide?”
“No. The Shulsan tide has lower and higher parts, tidewells they call them, the lower ones fill with more salt and make hills like this one.”
“How do you know all this stuff about Shulsa?”
“An assassin that does not put ample time into research is a dead one.”
As they neared the top they saw tall wooden structures with rounded tops. People wearing white robes pressed their eyes to telescopes at the top of those watchtowers and peered out over the tidal plains. One looked down directly at them, and with a wave of their hand, a signal was passed telling of their arrival.
“A frontier town. We really made it.”
They came to a smooth salt wall as tall as the boy’s waist that he assumed curved around the town. The wall was pristine, unmarked by the tide. Past it the ground turned to a smooth black and white cobblestone.
He lifted his foot to cross the wall when a gruff voice stopped him.
“Bad luck to cross over the tide marker.”
They all looked to their right at a gap in the wall. Sitting on one corner was a soldier clad in heavy hexagonal-patterned crystal armor peeling a sweetwort with a pocketknife. He had short gray hair and a strong jaw. Lilac placed a hand against the opening of her bag. He glanced up at them with ice-white eyes and chuckled.
“Even from here I can cut you a lot faster than you can take whatever you got out of that bag.” He touched the pommel of a sword sheathed to his waist.
Lilac smirked and removed her hand from her bag. The man looked back at his fruit even as he spoke to them.
“How was crossing the pit? We’ve had trouble with bandits recently. Unless you’re part of their party.” His second statement carried an invisible threat.
“They are dealt with.” Wetland answered.
The man’s eyes softened, but only a little.
“What are you looking for?”
“Someone who knows about what lay beyond the frontier.”
“Anyone who actually survives never stays in Shulsa. But, my brother runs the tavern in the center of town.” The man placed his peeled fruit into a wooden tin and clasped it shut. He wiped his knife with a cloth and tucked it away. “He may have heard tales of those who made it back. I’m headed there myself, follow me. Name’s Silt.”
Wetland nodded. “Wetland. My companion here is Lilac, and the boy…” He faltered for a second before Silt raised his hand.
“Don’t care, really.” Silt turned and walked onto the cobblestone. “Welcome to Salt Hill.”
He led them between tall and thin one-story structures made of sun-bleached driftwood packed with stone and mud. Little round red birds darted in and out of the doorless homes and made nests in the crevices of the walls. The roofs were covered in huge spiky nests of bones and salt where birds half the size of the boy roosted. Their beaks were long and the bottom jaw was wide and flat.
They probably evolved to crush thick shells.
Woven baskets, some hanging from pegs and others littered on the sides of the streets, were filled with fruits and bird eggs. Others held tiny black meat morsels that smelled fetid, and the boy soon learned why. He saw an elderly man carry out a squirming centipede as long as his arm and chop its head off with a crystal knife. He squeezed the carapace and the black morsels spilled into the bucket. The boy threw up a little in his mouth.
Other people wandered in and out of the door-less abodes and conversed. They wore thin robes made of spun plant fibers dyed white and adorned with cut crystal jewels. They all shared the same ice-white irises as Silt, which were painfully trained on them as they made their way through the town. Lilac flashed them a wide grin that many shied away from.
They walked down a shallow staircase to a widened area that the boy guessed was a market. Wooden stalls lined the street and townsfolk peddled jewels, pouches of food, and bundles of incense. The bustle of trade died down as people discreetly dispersed as the four of them walked through. Those that remained greeted Silt warmly but gave the rest of them weary glances. 
A loud rushing sound filled the air and their attention was directed to a raised platform littered with chunks of unrefined hexagonal crystal, like the stuff that made Silt’s armor. A water tower with an open top was erected in the center with a ladder up the side. A man was at the top of the ladder, moving a huge rock up and down over the tower using a pulley system. The rock dropped onto a floating wood platform that fit snugly into the top of the tower, applying enormous pressure on the water which in turn was forced out in a jet through a hole at the bottom. A woman in a thick veil of cloth covered in a chain mail of shells worked at a slab of the crystal, she used the jet and a hammer to shape it.
Her assistant, a little girl with messy white hair, ran and picked up bits of crystal that washed to the floor and placed them into a bowl. When she saw Lilac passing by her jaw flew open and she leapt up and down excitedly.
“Mommy look look! A princess! A real princess!” She pointed at her.
For the first time since the boy met her, Lilac froze up. She looked down at herself and then at the little girl and her mouth twitched. She moved to the other side of Wetland. He snorted.
The woman cutting the crystal snapped her fingers and pointed at the chunks on the ground and the little girl went back to work, still beaming.
“Did you see her, huh, huh!?”
Her mother nodded and pat her on the head before signaling the man to start the jet again.
“She seems to have taken a liking to you, Lilac.” Wetland’s voice held a note of sarcasm.
“Shut it.”
They left the market area and made their way to the center of town where the tavern was. It was a wide structure made of densely packed walls of dark brown driftwood logs with a large arching doorway in the front. The archway was chiseled from salt and had the words The Firelight etched at the top.
Silt pushed open the swinging doors bisecting the archway and walked in. A succulent smoky smell came from inside the tavern and the boy took a deep sniff. His mouth watered. 
“It amazes me how a humans entire body reacts to the plain stimulation of just one of their senses.” Alocust sounded bored.
Are we not smelling the same thing? It smells like meat, I’ve only… I’ve only had it once.
“Meat is a boring food.”
Boring? Are you kidding me? 
“Primitive food like meat should be left to the animals. Only the most exotic delicacies are to be enjoyed by all five senses. Each dish should not only satisfy taste and smell but also touch, hearing, and sight.”
I don’t know what you’re talking about but don’t ruin this for me okay?
“I can do the opposite of ruin it. Let me show you the depths of what I’m describing.”
The boy felt a jolt of heat run from his spine up to his brain. His mind opened up. The energy built in his forehead and spread down through his nose. His nostrils flared and the air felt thicker, no, it was the particles surrounding him he could feel. He could differentiate each one. The salt, the smell of sweet alcohol, the musk of people, and the aroma of meat swirled like a dust storm.
“Focus. Find the scent you want and hone in on it.”
He focused on the rich smell of cooking juices. It exploded into his mind: the oil used to cook it, the melting fat and softening muscle, every pungent seasoning flavoring the sinews. There was a generous smatter of salt, a pinch of starchy sourness, and a tender smokiness. He broke down the smell further to discern sweet acidity, spiced bitterness, and a final note of tongue heat.
It proved too much for his nose and he felt the uncontrollable urge to sneeze. As his face contorted Alocust rescinded his power. It felt like his mind was being sucked out of the top of his head. The smells went back to normal.
That was… amazing. I didn’t know you can enhance my senses too!
“I can enhance all of your physical aspects. Now do you understand? You’ve just indulged in the complexity of what that primitive meat brought to just your sense of smell alone. Now imagine, the bliss, the pure mind-altering pleasure, that eating an even more exotic delicacy with all five of your senses enhanced and stimulated at once. Do you see why your meat bores me?”
I get it now, that was something else. Can you do that if I get a bite to eat?
“I will not waste my power satisfying you.” Alocust scoffed.
You’d be satisfying both of us, but suit yourself. I’ll enjoy it either way.
He looked behind him and caught townsfolk watching them from the streets and windows. Their gaze was unwavering.
I hope we get out of here soon.
He entered the tavern.







FIRELIGHT




The inside was brightly lit from the numerous candles sitting in carved notches in the walls. The ceiling was a lattice of branches on which hung bunches of the herbs. There were snaking vines and spade-shaped white leaves, hanging pyramids of red peppers attached to thorny stalks, and tiny bushels of thin pink flowers.
The floor was made of huge swathes of smooth black stone. tables made from the cross-section of huge driftwood tree trunks crowded the space, each of them surrounded by a mix of stools and chairs.
Silt sat down near a dozen soldiers who occupied most of the tables. They greeted him excitedly with ‘Sir’s and ‘Captain’s. They filled the atmosphere with boisterous chatter, chugging, chewing, and belching. They all wore full armor but laid their crystal helmets and shields by their feet.
Wetland and Lilac examined them in their peripheral vision as they made their way to the bar at the back. It took up the back of the room with tapped kegs and a small kitchen behind the counter. Wetland and Lilac pulled out stools at the end farthest away from the soldiers. The boy took his time moving through the tavern, absorbing the first warm and relaxing atmosphere he had been in for his entire life.
When he first saw the torch that moved he did a double-take. The too-circular flame the size of his fist bobbed up and down above the head of a local sweeping the floor. 
A magic orb- an orb wizard!
Adrenaline shot through his veins for a split second. Thoughts of their target, Prantis the Prei-Dan orb wizard were quickly diminished by rational thought, why would Prantis be tending a bar?
He took a deep breath and chastised himself for being so jumpy. As he did so the sweeper walked right up to him.
They had ice-white eyes just like the rest of the townsfolk but, instead of being intimidating, the boy felt warmth from them. He kept looking at them before he realized he had been staring and quickly looked down. They wore similar robes with tiny crystals cut into ellipses woven into the threads. On their shoulders were red flowers with long yellow stems tied into their robes like jewels.
“Hi, I’m Enja.”
“Ah, hello…”
They gave him a quizzical look. “And yours?”
“Ah, um… just call me Alocust.”
“Alocust, Ah-lo-cust. I like it!” They reached out and touched his arm. He flinched away and stopped himself.
“Ah sorry, sorry I just-”
“No no it’s okay! Everyone is touchy here on the frontier, not much else to comfort yourself with here but other people, and sometimes I forget that.” They smiled. “Anyway welcome to The Firelight! The only tavern in Salt Hill, and as you can tell,” they pointed to the ball of flame gently flickering over their head, “it’s named after the barkeep’s only child!”
The boy was mesmerized by the orb. “I’ve never seen one before.”
“An orb wizard? So what, are you new to Strangefall?”
“Ah, um… yeah I got here a couple days ago.”
“And you’ve already become a frontier explorer! Alocust you’re either suicidal or the bravest man I’ve ever met.”
“Frontier explorer?”
Enja gave him a confused look. “The suit you’re wearing is their traditional garb, so… you’re not out here to explore the frontier and probably never return?”
“Oh, uh, yeah, I am I just didn’t realize that this suit was unique to them.”
“Makes sense, with you just getting here and all.” Enja took a step closer to him, he took a half step back. “So what do you know so far about orb wizards?”
“They have spheres of magical stuff hovering over them, and, um… doesn’t that mean you’re Pr-?” The boy saw, for only a split second, a dark flash of loathing on Enja’s face.
“Nope!” They crossed their pointer fingers in an X.
Did I say something wrong?
Enja looked over their shoulder at the soldiers but none heard. “We can talk together later, why don’t I cook something up for you behind the bar first?”
The boy’s stomach reminded him that it had been empty for days on end. “That would be amazing, but, um, I don’t have anything to pay for it.”
“No worries! Sit down and I’ll tell you the menu.”
As they made their way between the tables of rowdy soldiers, a man emerged from a doorway beside the counter. He was dressed in white robes interlaced with black stones. He threw a large smile over his shoulder at Wetland and Lilac as he grabbed two crystal mugs from a shelf beside the kegs. “Travelers! Can I pour you mead? Best with a plate of simmered-”
Wetland raised his hand. “Just two mugs please.”
“Of course! First time to Salt Hill?”
“It is.”
“This is on the house then.” He gave them a wink and slid the two mugs filled with a golden drink down the counter. Wetland caught them and passed one to Lilac. He sipped the mead. Lilac chugged hers.
“The name’s Gull.” The bartender rested his elbows on the counter in front of them. “I run this shack, brother of the captain of the watch but you probably know that since you walked in with him.”
Wetland and Gull made light conversation as the boy sat down and Enja walked behind the counter.
“What’s the menu?” The boy could still smell the lingering scent of the meat being cooked earlier.
Wetland looked at him through the corner of his eye and shook his head. The boy rolled his eyes.
“I won’t stuff myself. My mind will still be sharp, sir.”
Wetland sighed.
Enja counted each dish on their fingers as they recited their names. “We have curried flutterer eggs, crab claw steaks, centipede broth, braised stonejaw talon, baked seagrass pancakes, oh, and my personal favorite, fried stuffed sweetwort. The batter is my secret recipe! It helps emphasize the sweet part of the fruit, not the wort.” They giggled at their joke and the boy chuckled with them.
“What’s it stuffed with?”
“Morsels of razor eel steak, tastes more succulent than any red meat you’ll have on the mainland, promise!”
Maybe that’s what I smelled behind the door.
“I believe you, an order of that then!”
“Coming right up! You better watch me cook it.” They smiled at the boy and walked around the counter to the stove. The boy slid down to the stool behind them. They dropped a clump of clear jelly from a crystal decanter on the shelf into a wide pan. 
“First I heat the jelly oil.” A piece of flame detached from their orb and floated down to the stone and spread over it. The stone glowed a hot dull orange. They placed the pan on top of it and the jelly clump melted and bubbled. 
“Then, I batter the sweetwort.” They brought out a cutting board and picked the biggest sweetwort from the icebox. They unsheathed a thin crystal knife. They sliced the sweetwort into wedges and submerged them in a batter. They let a drop of batter fall into the pan to see if it was hot enough. Sure enough, it popped and sizzled.
“And now, time to fry!” They carefully laid each wedge into the pan of shimmering jelly oil. They crackled and browned, releasing an aroma of tangy syrup.
The boy didn’t need Alocust’s power to enjoy that. As Enja took a wet cloth and wiped down the blade of the knife, curiosity got the best of him.
“Enja?”
“Yes?”
“What is your knife made of? I’ve seen armor, swords, and now even dishes from the same stuff.”
“It’s Quartz Salt. It grows in wide crystals incredibly fast beneath the salt hill and we harvest growths for the whitesmiths.” They flipped the knife into the air and caught the blade between their fingers. They brought the handle to the boy and he could see the layered pattern of crystal.
“Are the whitesmiths those people we saw on the way in cutting the salt?”
“Yes! They use the water jets and tools to shape the crystal, their profession is the most well respected around here since they make pretty much everything we can’t craft from driftwood or bird bones. I grew up dreaming of being a whitesmith but my father roped me into working at the family tavern.”
Gull grunted an “Mmmhmm” and Enja punched him in the shoulder.
“I’m just kidding you know!” 
The boy took the knife in his hand. The handle was still warm where Enja had touched it. The entire knife was artfully sanded and shaped, and the blade was razor sharp. He handed the knife back to Enja.
“Thank you.”
“Pleasure. Ask me anything!” The oil sputtered and brought their attention back to cooking. “The sweetwort should be done!”
They took the pan off of the firelight plate and scooped up the fried brown wedges and shook off the excess oil. Their firelight that was on the plate slowly dimmed until it was gone. They plated them up and handed it to the boy. “Eat quickly! They’re best hot out of the pan.” The boy blew on the wedge for a second before picking it up and popping it into his mouth. When he bit down there was a satisfying crunch of the breading followed by a burst of sweet caramelized juices. Frying the sweetwort made the insides hot and chewy while maintaining the sweet taste of the fruit. The thin layer of batter coating was airy and bready, it complimented the fruit excellently. The boy consumed the wedges in one or two bites at a time. They were heavenly. Enja grinned giddily as they watched the boy lose all form of manners stuffing his face. When he noticed them watching he was quick to gulp down his mouthful.
“These are fantastic! I have to steal this batter recipe from you.”
“No chance!” Enja crossed their fingers in an X again. “You’ll just have to come back here for more.”
Gull called them away to deliver the other soldier’s meals and the boy happily ate the wedges. Wetland and Lilac drank their mead and snuck glances over their shoulders at the soldiers.
“So do you get travelers often in Salt Hill?”
“Explorers, pioneers, traders and the like. Most press on to the frontier, and… rarely come back.” A worried look, just for a second, graced their face as they looked at the boy. “We welcome anyone here, not like anyone can cause more trouble for us than starfish and eels. Well, anyone but those rotting Prei-Dan.” The name, while not said loudly, was picked up by every ear in the tavern.
“Enja!” Gull cast a wary glance at his child and then at the trio. The soldiers all stopped chewing and cast passing glances at the bar.
Wetland quelled the tension. “Do not worry, we are not supporters of the Prei-Dan.”
Gull looked relieved but the soldiers were still on edge.
“What’s so bad about them anyway?” Asked the boy, foolishly.
“What’s so bad? Have you lived in a cave your entire life boy?” Silt pounded his table and the boy turned around.
Wetland lifted a calming hand. “The boy is fresh from the mainland. I hope you can overlook his lack of education. And manners.” Wetland slid a glare at the boy. Do not start any trouble, his eyes said. But trouble had already started.
Silt’s face contorted in anger. “Then I will take it upon myself to give him a short lesson! Listen well boy. The Prei-Dan steal our awakened children, and slaughter those who fight back. They stay safe behind thick walls of steel in their capital while the rest of Strangefall is hounded by demons from the mountains.” Silt stood up, his white eyes boring into the boy. “They are murderous cowards! They enforce a vicious cycle of raising those kidnapped children into their army of soulless murderous orb wizards. Look at my brother’s child! Enja. If they weren’t here on the edge of the rotting world, their birth would have been overseen by a grimy Prei-Dan noble. The second that scum saw their firelight affinity manifest they would have been snatched from the cradle and stolen away to the cold walls of the capital, never to know their origins, and trained as a mindless killer! Prei-Dan are scum, no, less than scum. The worst of them all is their queen, their so-called ‘Azure Dreadnaught,’ Novasea Consus.” He spat on the floor. “I live for the day I can raise my sword in allegiance to the resistance that will bring down the Prei-Dan.” He took a deep swig of his mead. “Boy, do well not to utter that name here. It is a curse.”
The boy nodded his head slowly. Nobody said a word.
Wetland raised his mug. “May they rot!”
The soldiers raised their mugs in agreement. Silt looked around at his men and a smile crept onto his face. He raised his mug.
“LET THEM ROT!”
The soldiers broke into cheers and downed their drinks. Silt sat down. Conversations resumed and food was loudly enjoyed. The boy swallowed the chewed food that had been sitting on his tongue for the duration of Silt’s tirade. He raised his mug to nobody. “Let them rot.”
I underestimated how hated the Prei-Dan are.
“They’re vile scum to everyone but themselves. Those prideful animals.”
How do you know about the Prei-Dan?
“I’ve been alive for far longer than I have been inside your head.”
The boy was too distracted by his empty plate to pay any attention to Alocust.
How was that for a delicacy Alocust, as bad as you’d thought it’d be?
“Ah yes, cooked fruit. Splendid. I do believe most of your enjoyment is stemming not from what was cooked, but who cooked it.”
Yeah so I think they’re attractive, so what? Those fried wedges were delicious. You need to lower your standards a little, it will be a long time before I eat anything up to your caliber.
“As long as you find something other than those mud pills.”
The boy started to turn to thank Enja when an elderly man burst through the tavern doors. He caught the edge of the closest table and caught his breath. He dripped with sweat.
“Soldiers! Soldiers! Wheeze… damned… huff… starfish is tearing up Yolde’s house!” The soldier nearest to the man got up and placed a steadying and on his shoulder.
“Woah now, Pench have you been drinking too much? This time of year giant starfish are deep underground and there’s no war horn either.” Another soldier laughed and took a swig of mead from his mug. He patted the bench next to him and smiled. “Come, have a seat and explain this nonsense to us, it shall be great fun!”
“No!” The man couldn’t catch his breath. His white eyes were wide and his hair was matted with sweat. The boy knew he was telling the truth. “A starfish! A real big one! It’s eating away at the house!” His entire body shook.
Silt shook his head. “Pench, you know inciting a false-”
A sudden, droning noise filled the room from outside the tavern. It started soft and escalated to a hollow roar that sent a chill down the boy’s spine. The soldiers sobered instantly. Silt’s eyes widened and he shot up from the bench, spilling his mead. They grabbed their armor, swords, and shields and tore out the door. Silt was the last one out and shouted to the barkeep, “We’ll return to pay our tab!” before bursting out the door rattling off orders.
“You all better come back!” Enja shouted back as they hurriedly brought over a bucket and sponges to sop up the spilled beverage. The boy took a sponge and knelt next to Enja.
“Here, let me help you.”
“You really don’t need to, it’s what I’m paid for after all.”
“I’m not doing anything else.” The boy wrung out the mead from the sponge into the bucket. “What’s this deal about a starfish?”
“Those dreadful things grow to the size of houses and love eating humans. They slip up from the salt shafts and engorge themselves on us before slithering back underground. We lose too many soldiers clearing out new hives that seem to pop up overnight. Having one attack this early into the winter season is a bad omen, the soldiers probably haven’t set traps up yet.”
“I hope they stay safe.” The boy finished cleaning the floor and helped Enja finish the table. Lilac watched amusedly. When Enja was turned Lilac gave the boy a sour grin. The boy ignored it.
“They will, most of the danger is from a surprise attack. The soldiers are a well-trained lot, and Silt is the best sword fighter in Shulsa.” Enja wiped a large spill into the bucket and groaned. “The table’s going to smell of mead for days.”
“It’ll come out eventually. Not like anyone will smell it over your amazing cooking.”
“Sounds like somebody wants more of my food.”
“I wish, but I’ve got to sleep soon. Big day tomorrow.”
“The sun hasn’t even gone down.” They pouted.
“I’ll probably lie there bored with my eyes closed. Not looking forward to it, but,” He glanced at his companions, “I don’t think I have a choice.”
“You just need something to look forward to. That always helps me pass the time.” They cast glances around the tavern. Nobody was paying attention to them. They walked up close to the boy. He backed up but found himself against a table. They locked eyes. Enja leaned in close to his ear. Their breath coated his cheek. They whispered to him.
“Meet me outside the stables at the south edge of town when the sun dips below the tide. Do you think you’ll be able to slip away?”
The boy opened his mouth and closed it again. His voice was stuck in his throat.
“I’ll be waiting for you.” Enja pulled away from the boy.
A practiced, happy smile crossed their face. “I hope you enjoy your stay!” They turned back to the tables to pick up plates.
The boy returned to the bar and sat down in a daydreaming daze.
Wetland and Lilac waved down Gull.
“We are looking for any information you have on the frontier.”
“The frontier? What do you want with that dreaded place?”
“We are looking for someone. Have you heard of a man named Prantis?”
When the name left Wetland’s mouth the boy could see Gull’s cheek twitch. His eyes shifted and he became aware that although there was a counter between him and the three travelers, he was boxed in. Wetland leaned over the counter with his broad shoulders and laid his hand out in question. Lilac pulled in his gaze and scratched a divot into the counter with her nail. Gull went to take a step back but found that the wall behind him was closer than he remembered. He looked down at the mug he was over-polishing.
“Prantis? Haven’t heard the name but if he’s out on the frontier he might’ve gone to another frontier town, there’s a handful south and north of here, I’m sorry I can’t be of more help.” Gull forced out his sentence in one breath. He regained his composure and returned Wetland’s smile, albeit from a distance. “More drink, sirs or ma’am?”
Wetland didn’t break eye contact with him as he finished off his drink. He set his mug down and pushed it along the counter. “That will be enough for the evening. How much is a room?”
“We barter here in Salt Hill, what do you have to offer?”
Wetland thought for a moment before wiping his hand over the counter to check for moisture. Satisfied, he motioned to Lilac who pulled a hand-sized black silk pouch from her bag and set it in front of the barkeep. Wetland opened it and presented it to him.
“Gunpowder.”
He raised an eyebrow and peeked into the pouch. “My, I’ve never seen the raw stuff in person,” he pinched a bit between his fingers, “this will cover a room for one night. Thank you.” He handed Wetland a small round wooden key hanging from a strip of cloth tied to his apron. He motioned to a thin door beside the bar. “Through the door, up the stairs, first room on your right.”
Wetland thanked him and got up from the counter. Lilac stood up as well and stretched her arms and yawned. She snatched the key from Wetland’s hand and opened the thin door. She ascended the stairs skipping every other step.
The boy got up as well and followed Wetland to the stairs. He looked over his shoulder at Enja but they had their back turned to him. He turned the corner and walked up.
“Are you going to meet with Enja?” Alocust chimed in inside his head.
Of course I am. I’m no coward.
“It could be dangerous.”
So? And what if it is? I can take care of myself.
“I don’t want to lose our body over lustful urges.”
I do not have ‘lustful urges’! And this is my body you parasite.
He caught up to Wetland and tapped him on the shoulder. “I noticed something strange when you asked him about Prantis.”
Wetland stopped on the stairs and held his hand to his lips. He looked back at the door at the bottom of the stairwell and ushered the boy to the room. They walked in and shut the door behind them. Lilac relaxed in a rocking chair made of twisted driftwood in front of the window, her bag was at her feet. Her suit was unzipped and she wiped her skin with a damp cloth. Her stomach and arms sported crisscrossed slashing scars. Pinched pits of skin most likely left from bullets dotted her side and up her armpit.
“These’re mah battle scars, boy.” Lilac caught his eye. “Mah memories, mah achievements, mah trophies. They’re tha most important part’a me. If yer lucky ya’ll get some’a yer own soon.”
“I’d rather my achievements be written in the blood of my enemies than in my own.”
“Ha! If tha enemy don’t take part’a ya wit’ ‘em, then why’d ya waste yer time wit’ ‘em?”
The boy didn’t answer the question.
She changed her focus to Wetland who closed the door behind them. “Room’s clear, one window, door wit a crappy lock, borin’.”
“Thank you Lilac.” Wetland sat down on the bed. He pulled his rifle off of his shoulder and rested it against the wall. “Now, what did you notice about that bartender, boy?”
“Ah, um- I think he knows more than he is letting on. His eyes dilated when he heard the name Prantis and he had subtle facial twitches.”
“He lied to me?”
The boy paused for a moment before nodding. He was too focused on other things to consider the consequences of his actions.
Wetland pondered this for a moment before breaking into a dark smile. “I will speak to him again in the morning.”
For a second the boy feared for Enja’s father.
Wetland wouldn’t do something as stupid as turning the town against us, right?






JELLYFISH




The boy watched the gray glow through the cracks in the driftwood change to a muddled pink. The air chilled and he thought about Enja and the promise he made to them. They were right, having something to look forward to helps pass the time.
The pink sank to a dark orange before extinguishing into a moonlit white.
Time to go.
He leaned forward in his chair and softly got up. Wetland snored with his hands clasped over his chest like a praying man. Lilac hadn’t moved from her chair. He stepped around his suit—he was relieved to take off that salt-rot smelling thing—and crossed to room guided by a glow of the window.
He opened the shutters letting moonlight spill into the room. He gazed out over the silent town. Candles lit the insides of some houses but most of the structures were dark.
The huge silver birds, what he assumed were stonejaws, were missing from their nests. Undoubtedly hunting for prey on the surface of the sea. He made out the tiny red bodies of flutterers stuffed together in their niches.
The tide reached the white wall making the town feel cramped. Gone was the black ocean floor of the Shulsan plains, replaced by a reflective and calm body of water that gave no indication of the horrors beneath.
“Where ya goin’?” The hiss made the boy nearly jumped out of his skin.
He turned to Lilac and saw her hand resting on the revolver lying across her lap. A half-open eye stopped him.
“None of your business.”
“I’ll put a bullet in both’a yer legs before ya make it out’a tha window.”
He answered with a half-smile. “But I know you won’t.”
He didn’t wait for a retort and climbed out the window and hung his legs over the ledge. He turned and dropped down finding a foothold in the driftwood wall. He lowered his hands to other nooks and descended.
Lilac leaned her head out the window. “Ya bettah be back by daybreak, ya hear?”
“Are you my mother?”
“…Get outta mah sight ya motherless maggot.” She spat at him but missed and closed the window.
He ignored her stinging remark.
Using the sliver of red on the horizon he estimated which direction was south and dropped to the cobblestone. He walked through dark and quiet alleyways, perturbed by the fact that he could see the sleeping families of townsfolk through the unfilled slats in the driftwood. The South edge of town was marked by the giant watchtowers he saw when they arrived. He passed beneath one still manned by a yawning woman with a telescope and remained unseen.
The stables must be around here somewhere, Enja mentioned the edge of town.
He followed the gentle decline to the salt ring wall and saw the tidewaters gently lapping against them. Past the low wall was darkness like the one he saw at the cliff when they crossed the Onyx Coast. The moon’s reflection barely shimmered on the smooth expanse. He walked up to the wall and paused. It felt like he was dreaming, looking out over the surface.
A splash startled him back to reality.
“Travelers always look at the tide. It’s beautiful, isn’t it?” Enja stood next to him bouncing a stone in their palm. The aura from their firelight orb bounced off the mirror-like surface of the tide like the moon and bathed the wall in a comforting glow. The force drawing him to the water subsided.
“Ah, oh, hey!”
“Hey to you too!” They giggled. “I thought you’d end up here, not like I gave you clear directions.”
They bent their knees and threw the stone low and horizontal to the water and watched it skip across the surface. The ripples spread out under the moonlight, breaking the effect of the glassy surface.
“Only three skips! You try.” They picked up another stone and tossed it to the boy.
He caught it and turned it in his palm it was flat and round.
“I’ve never done this before.”
“It’s easy, watch me again.”
They glanced around and found another flat stone and repeated the action. When the stone was finally sucked beneath the surface they threw up their arms in cheer.
“Seven skips! A new record!”
The boy looked out over the dark water.
Alocust help me out here would you?
“I’m not a party trick.”
I’m counting on you.
The boy crouched down and aimed his throw like they did. When he whipped his arm he felt Alocust light his muscles ablaze and his follow-through sent him tumbling to the ground. Enja laughed so hard they bent over gripping their stomach.
“Did I break your record?”
“It went right through the surface! Not even one! Here, I’ll help you.” Enja stood close behind him. Too close. “Take this,” they placed a flat stone between his fingers then took his hand in theirs and pulled it back, “now bend your knees and turn your hips,” they guided his midsection with theirs, turning them and pulling his hand so his arm was level with the surface of the dark water, “and…!” They pushed his arm forward and he let go when the stone was perpendicular with the water.
It spun through the air, almost hovering above the surface. It skipped once, then twice, then a third time before succumbing to gravity and slipping beneath the darkness. 
Enja sat down and pulled the boy down next to themselves.
“That was really good! For a second try, that is.” They both smiled at the ripples widening and dissipating across the water.
They paused and looked at each other. The boy fell into their eyes for a moment too long.
“So, uh, does that ever get annoying?” He pointed to their firelight orb.
“It’s surprisingly smart, it doesn't rub into the roof over my head, but it does sometime burn the tips of the drying herbs when I stretch in the wrong place.” They chuckled. “Oh yeah, you wanted to know more about my kind, orb wizards or awakeneds or whatever you want to refer to me as.”
“Ah, yeah, as I said before I only just got here and you’re the first I’ve come across.”
“I’m actually also the only orb wizard I’ve ever met!”
“Really?”
“Yeah, frontier explorers are never wizards because their orbs would make stealth impossible, something that’s incredibly important on the frontier.”
“How come?”
“You know… everything. Anyways everything I’ve learned about orb wizards was taught to me by travelers. As you heard Silt say, I’m actually one of Salt Hill’s well-kept secrets. My mom was a rebel slave who escaped from the Prei-Dan and fled as far as she could, so naturally she ran across Shulsa. My dad found her when he was on a raiding party-”
“Your dad was on a raiding party!? Raiding what?”
“Another settlement, it was stealing our trade routes, just politics stuff,” they waved their hand dismissively, “anyways they fell in love and long story short I was born. My mother died in childbirth.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry.”
“My dad’s raised me ever since. But because of my firelight I’d be a target of any Prei-Dan that do happen to wander out here, so he’s been sheltering me from travelers until recently.”
“I thought Prei-Dan couldn’t hide their orbs?”
“It’s complicated, there’s been mention of types and one type can hide theirs so my dad has always been paranoid. I don’t think any wizard in their right mind has any interest in Shulsa.”
Except one. The boy was reminded grimly.
“I love to sneak off to talk with travelers, though. That’s why my dad stopped guarding me since he knew I would do it anyways. I crave hearing their tales of adventure and complaints about Strangefall valley politics, I’ve learned so much about my orb magic that I never would’ve known. Did you know that the more specific the affinity the weaker it is? Take for example an affinity for, let’s say, water. They can use that for so much more than someone like me with an affinity for firelight. But apparently there’s exceptions to that rule, or something, so who really knows.”
They looked up at their orb. “My affinity represents a candle flame, an emergency torch, or a dwindling hearth. Father always told me it encompassed the warmth of family, comfort, or whatever other relaxing emotion he thought of at the time but I never felt like I’m useful beyond heating a stove. I won’t be able to protect people or be a hero with it… I’m afraid of always just being the tavern maid.” They sighed and pressed their knuckles into their cheeks.
“Ah, well… I think your father is right about one thing. Your orb is beautiful, it fills me with a familiar and comforting warmth that cuts through the cold of the night.”
“What, are you a poet?”
“Honest!”
“Hmm, no, not a poet, you’re just a flirt!” They scooted closer to the boy and rested their head on his shoulder. Electricity coursed through the boy’s body, but it wasn’t Alocust’s doing.
They sat there for a while gazing at the water, another comfortable silence falling over them. Enja’s orb and head warmed more than just his body. He felt their pulse, listened to their soft breaths, smelled the sweetness of their hair as he slowly leaned into them.
As the night aged a frigid wind cut over Shulsa and Enja sat up.
“Let’s go to the stables so the chill won’t get to us.”
“Okay.” The boy stood up with Enja.
His stomach tensed up in a familiar anxious manner but layered with anticipatory excitement.
They walked along the tide wall to a black stone structure that blended in with the dark. Carved over a large double door driftwood entrance was the word Stables. Enja pulled out a thin crystal key from the folds of their robes and inserted it into the salt lock on the handles.
“Father doesn’t know I had a whitesmith make a copy, so no telling, promise?” They grinned mischievously. The boy couldn’t help but smirk.
“Promise.”
They turned it and the boy heard a clicking noise before Enja pulled open the door just a crack and slipped inside. The boy followed them into a wide rectangular room lit by tall blue candles dripping with wax. The room was a wide central corridor lined with barrels and crates, some open and some not, with half wall stalls on each side, twelve in total. Enja rounded the corner of the closest stall and the boy followed. He had heard of different kinds of horses before, but never-
He rounded the corner and came face to face with a jellyfish squatting on the floor. Its round bell was squished on a bed of tucked in tentacles. Its entire body was mostly see-through and emitted a soft blue light.
“Wha- what is that!?”
“Don’t be afraid, they’re lifter jellies. We use them to help build structures, lift supplies up and down the salt hill, or scare off some of the more unpleasant denizens from the Shulsan frontier.” They walked up to one of them and pat it on the bell. It raised one of its feelers and wrapped it around their forearm.
“Um- aren’t they poisonous?” The boy took a step back. Enja laughed and took his hand in theirs and pulled him to the jelly.
“They’re gentle and sweet, totally harmless I promise! They love eating fruit scraps. Here.”
They opened a little container nailed to the wall and pulled out a piece of sweetwort rind. They put it into the boy’s hand and pushed him towards the jelly. The jellyfish extended a feeler towards the boy, who was stood tight and rigid. The feeler was nearly see-through, made of the same substance as the rest of the jellyfish. It slithered across his palm and wrapped itself around the rind in his hand.
“Ah- it’s cold!”
“Yeah, they don’t make their own body heat.”
The rind was lifted from his palm and the boy quickly put his hand down. The jellyfish tucked the fruit into its mouth and the boy could see it float to the center of its cavity and start to dissolve. In mere moments it was turned into a blurry foam that dispersed around its body.
“Let’s leave this one alone, come on!”
Enja pulled the boy to the next stall where an even larger jellyfish was resting on the floor. They let go of his hand and jumped onto the jelly’s bell. They smiled coyly.
“They make excellent beds, it’s truly a feeling like no other.”
The boy’s face was hot and his head was spinning.
“Come here! I’m not going to bite.” They sat up and reached towards him and took his wrist. They pulled him forward, pressing his hand against the bell.
It was smooth and squishy but dry. It gave off a pleasant coolness and he found himself enjoying running his fingers along the surface. He climbed up onto the bell on his hands and knees, nearly losing his balance from wobbly arms until Enja pulled him down onto it.
They lay side by side and Enja smiled as they watched him adjust himself against the jelly. “Isn’t this great?”
“Yeah… it feels really nice, actually.”
The jelly cooled his skin while his front was warmed by Enja’s firelight orb. The jellyfish didn’t move at all. He looked at Enja, who looked at him.
“Thank you, for asking me out here. I like being here with you, away from everything…” An expression of sadness flashed over his face for just a second, but Enja caught it.
“What’s wrong?” They frowned.
“Um, it’s just, I’ve got these thoughts. Bad ones. But I’ve been distracted by the peril of crossing Shulsa until now, and I’m terribly sorry to say this but now that I’m finally relaxed for once those bad thoughts have found time in my mind.”
“I’m here to listen.” Enja sat up on their elbow and looked him right in the eyes. “Sometimes you just need to let it out to someone.”
“Ah… it’s just… if your life was hell and you could start over, but leave behind others to suffer alone, would you do it?”
“Does this have to do with why you came to Strangefall?”
“Yeah. Where I came from, it was agony. I chose to run away. I took the easy way out. I abandoned them all. I’m a coward.”
“You’re not. There’s nothing wrong with putting yourself first. It takes strength to leave others behind.”
“No I- I could have tried to save my brothers and sisters from a life of misery but instead I ran so far away just so I would never have to think about them ever again but… but they’re all I think about. They haunt my dreams and turn them to nightmares. I can feel them crying out for me, calling me back into the muck…”
“You don’t owe them anything, in fact I’m sure they’re happy that someone got away and can live a fulfilling life.”
“But it hasn’t been fulfilling, I was almost eaten by a giant eel, shot at by bandits, I’m going to-” he caught himself, “I’m going on a mission that could hurt someone, and if they knew what I was doing with my freedom they’d be disappointed in me.”
“Are you free?”
“In a way, yes, but in others no.”
“Then you’re not done freeing yourself.”
“I can’t walk away from this.”
“You can. I’ll help you.”
“Thank you. But no, this is something I have to do, and I know I’ll be free after.”
“When you’re finally truly free,” Enja scooted closer to him and lifted their leg over his, “what will you do?”
“I… don’t know.”
“Will you come back to visit me?”
“Ah, yeah, of course.”
“Why? I’m someone you’ve only just met.”
“Because I really like the short time we’ve-” The boy’s words caught in his throat as Enja put their hand on his arm.
“Come closer.” The boy shifted a bit closer but, unsatisfied, they pulled themselves against him. They took his wrist and laid it over their hip. “Does touching me take your mind off those bad thoughts?”
Enja’s heat mixing with his own awoke something in the boy he never had the time or luxury of exploring. He found within himself an agonizing ache for the comfort of physical contact, an ache he sated with a hunger and passion.
Afterward, they lay entwined, relishing each other through tight embraces and circling fingers. The boy had his fill but wanted more. His hands did the talking, and Enja returned his greed with their own. Their twirling rhythm filled the stable with passionate noise. Until, it arrived.
“Hate to ruin the fun but something’s watching.”
His mind, which moments before was filled with bliss, was flooded by Alocust’s power. His senses sharpened. For a moment he was enveloped in Enja: the smell of the soap they washed with that morning, the softness of their skin, the taste of their tongue on his, their heartbeat. But that moment did not last.
He heard breathing. Deep breaths being taken through multiple mouths into more than one pair of lungs. It was coming from outside the stables. Through a crack in the stable wall near the ceiling, far above where any human could watch through, he saw shiny black eyes watching him. A lot of them. They twitched.
“Al… o… cust…?” A stained voice filled his head just like how Alocust talked to him. 
“WHAT!?” He leapt off Enja, startling the sleeping lifter jelly.
“Hey! What’s wrong? Where-” The Jelly shook awake and twisted around, sending Enja falling into a heap on the floor.
The boy ran to and pushed open the stable doors with one hand while pulling his shirt over his head with the other. Clouds choked the moon and filled the streets with pure black. He ran around the stable but there was nothing there. He felt each pore of his skin close against the frigid air. His heart thumped and lungs shook in his chest. The walls of the neighboring buildings boxed him in. He looked at the top of the stable, something scratched against the stone roof.
Alocust can you enhance my legs like you did before?”
“On it.”
His legs burned and his muscles contracted and relaxed. He bent his knees and threw his arms behind him. He released the energy and flew into the air, landing on the roof with his fists at the ready.
“It’s right in front of you!”
The boy lashed out with a right hook and felt a humanoid mass leap just out of reach. There was a clacking of chitin and a hum like a swarm of gnats. The thing stood on its legs, and from between the cracks in its armor a turquoise glow radiated, lighting up the roof. It was tall, almost twice as tall as the boy, with thin armored limbs with one too many joints to be human. Its head was bulbous and covered in tiny reflective beady black eyes with no other visible organs.
It pointed at the boy and repeated its wet whisper in his head. “You’re… Alocust?”
How does this thing know you!?
“I have no idea. Kill it!”
The boy felt more of Alocust’s energy enter his arms and he flung himself at the monster. Its torso moved separate from its body, fluidly arching to avoid his swing and simultaneously surrounding him with its thin hands. It grabbed his neck and choked him but he used the momentum of the swing to wrench his body free and deliver a kick to one of its knees. The joint buckled, then bent inside out. The monster collapsed but before the boy could deliver another blow it sprung into the air, soaring above the boy and landing on the cobblestone in front of the stable doors.
What if Enja comes out? The thought raced through his mind. Alocust, I need more power!
“You remember what happened when we fought the eels! Any more could be dangerous-”
MORE!
The blood in his body boiled. His retinas widened and the light from the stars flooded the ground with a brightness equal to daylight. He dove down at the thin monster, crushing the cobblestone beneath his feet as he landed.
The monster kept its body just out of reach of the boy’s frantic swings. It stabbed at openings in the boy’s wild throws, crushing his ribs and bruising his legs. Its chitinous feet clacked against the stone as the battle became one-sided, the boy fell to his knees as his battered legs stopped obeying. His arms grew tired of hitting nothing but air as the monster stalked him just out of reach. It towered over him, looking down at him, its arms reaching for its prey.
Alocust I need more or we’re going to die!
“I can’t give it to you, your body will-”
Then I’ll just take it!
The boy opened his mind and brought Alocust’s power to the surface. His veins were flooded with molten magma and his muscles swelled with an invigorating jolt of raw power.
It felt different taking the power by force. He felt even better. Even stronger. 
He screamed and rocketed off the ground and bore his white knuckles into the chitin of the monster’s chest. It shattered, revealing a swimming river of black ooze beneath. He swung again before the thing had a chance to move, striking its head with enough force to send it crashing to the cobblestone. Several of its eyes were slushed in the wide dent formed where the boy’s fist collided.
Still, the thing did not make a noise as the boy stood over it, grinning widely as he cracked his knuckles.
“Alocust you’ve really been holding back on me, with this power I could’ve ended the fight in mere-”
His entire body shook violently. His jaw seized along with the rest of his muscles and he fell to the ground in a frozen shivering mess. His diaphragm pushed and pulled rapidly and he drooled saliva and blinked uncontrollably. The heat and energy that a second ago were granting him inhuman strength ricocheted around his body, tearing through his tissue.
Alocust, what’s happening!?
“You dense fool! I warned you! Your body can’t possibly handle all of that power!”
The thin monster regained its composure and sat up next to the boy. It looked down at his shivering body face down on the stone and reached a claw for his neck.
“STOP!” A cry rang out from the stables.
The monster’s claw halted and its black eyes turned to the stable doors, between which stood Enja pushing them open with all of their might. The doors widened and a faint blue stirring appeared behind Enja, who flattened themselves onto the ground and screamed.
“KILL IT!”
The jellyfishes flew out of the stables above Enja with their tentacles raised. The monster lifted its claws in defense but the mass of feelers grabbed its limbs and locked it in place. The jelly penetrated the cracks and joints in the chitin and ripped chunks off and dug into the black goo inside while jolts of electricity coursed through the monster’s exposed flesh. The blue glow brightened climatically before extinguishing entirely as the jellyfish tore its body to pieces and dissolved each bit in their bells.
Enja ran to the boy. “Are you alright!?” They kneeled and turned him onto his back. The boy wasn’t shivering anymore. The energy that seized his body was dissipating, and he was regaining control of his body. He looked at Enja and tried to mouth something but couldn’t get the words out.
“Here, let me sit you up.” The worry in their voice filled the boy with guilt. Enja grabbed his shoulders and lifted him into a sitting position. The boy’s arms twitched. He wiggled his toes.
“Thank… you…” His tongue was still numb but he was quickly recovering.
“We need to get out of here, what if there are more of them?” Alocust’s voice wavered slightly.
You have a lot of explaining to do.
“Now’s not the time. Get up, now!”
The boy ignored Alocust and cracked his neck and groaned. He turned and looked at Enja. He saw a smear of dried blood on their elbow.
“I- I hurt you and I didn’t even- we were in danger- I’m so sorry!”
“I’m alright,” They covered their elbow, “what was that thing?”
“I have no idea, I really, really don’t.” The hurt in their eyes told him they didn’t believe him.
“Get out of there. You are endangering not only yourself, but them as well.”
There was shouting behind them, the guards from the watchtower must have noticed the commotion.
“I’m sorry. I need to go, Enja, I’m sorry.” He stood up but Enja grabbed his hand. He pulled it away and ran.
“Alocust!” They called out after him but he didn’t stop.






FLIGHT




He climbed up to the window of the tavern as the morning sun cut away the evening dew. He climbed into the room and sat against the wall to catch his breath.
Lilac was still sitting in the chair. She smiled at him.
“Hope yer not tired when Wetland wakes up, wastin’ yer time all night.” She whispered the threat.
Wetland snored softly on his back with his hands clasped over his chest, he looked like he was used to sleeping in coffins.
“Not tired. Just relaxing.”
The boy leaned his head against the wall under the window and curled his knees up to his chest. He closed his eyes and the sweet relief of unconsciousness overcame him for just a second.
“Boy!”
Wetland’s shout brought him back as quickly as he left. He was standing over him shaking his head.
“Lilac tells me you were out all night.”
“Um- yeah, I was. I’m awake though.” The boy looked around for Lilac’s smirk but she wasn’t there.
“You do not look awake.”
“I’m good Sir.”,
“Then let us go rediscuss Prantis with the bartender. Lilac is waiting downstairs.” Wetland pulled his briefcase off the bed and walked out of the room.
The boy got up and zipped on his suit. Memories from last night came back to him bit by bit. 
Enja, I wonder where they are… And that insect thing- ALOCUST!
“What?”
You know what! Tell me why that thing at the stables was looking for you and how it knew your name and where to find us!
“In due time.”
No, not in due time, right now.
“Fine, you asked for it. I owe someone named Obsyanis a lot of stuff that I never payed back, and his soldiers, like the one we fought on the roof, are on the hunt for me. As to why they found us- well, me, is that you’ve used my- our, name.”
Wait, so you’re- what- first off you said that they couldn’t find us like that!
By they, I meant the Prei-Dan.
You-! You let me use your name anyways! And what do you mean you owe someone? How can a name owe someone something?
“If you didn’t use me, we’d be dead right now. And relax, you’ll get nowhere trying to understand what I am, or what I was. Just know that I am now your name, and we are in this together. Your problems are my problems, and my problems are yours. I didn’t think Obsyanis would find me so quickly but now that he knows we’re here I have some explaining to do, but not right this moment. Instead you need to focus on saving Enja’s father.”
Saving- what?
A scream and a smashing of wood from below sent the boy running down the stairs in a panic.
He threw open the door behind the bar of the empty tavern and saw Wetland twisting Gull’s arms behind his back and pressing his bleeding head into a splintered dent in the counter.
“Now you will tell me unless you want Lilac to start peeling your fingernails off.” Wetland hissed in Gull’s ear. 
Lilac crouched in front of the counter and looked into Gull’s eyes and licked her lips. “I’ll peel ‘em reeeeally slowly.”
The boy ran to them. “What are you doing to him!?”
“Gathering critical information.” Wetland smiled like he just said ‘Reading a good book.’
The boy knew there was no negotiating with them.
“Gull, just tell them, it’s not worth your life! Think of Enja!”
Gull whimpered. “P- Prantis didn’t look right, he was sick with something bad. His skin was diseased and covered in boils and he smelled like a corpse! He muttered about some ‘metamorphosis’ or a ‘cube’ he’s made to anyone who’d listen. Then one night in the middle of tide-high he disappeared. Someone said he went floating into the frontier like a phantom! He’s bad luck, he must be cursed, please, I was trying to protect you!”
“Now that was not that bad, was it? You should have just started with your story, but instead you insulted me with your ‘protection’. You lied to me and you will pay the price.”
“Wetland! He told us what we wanted, let him go!”
“Shut up boy. Nobody insults me and lives.”
Gull squeezed his eyes shut as his head was lifted again by Wetland.
“No- please!”
The hairs on the back of the boy’s neck stood on end as he made the split-second decision to kill Wetland and Lilac.
A scream stopped him.
“FATHER!”
They all turned to Enja who burst through the tavern doors. Gull’s beaten face fell in horror.
“ENJA RUN AND GET-” Wetland slammed Gull’s head into the counter.
“What are you doing to him!? Alocust!?” Their eyes widened as they saw the boy standing near the counter. “Why are you…?”
The boy’s heart was gutted hearing the sound of betrayal in Enja’s voice.
Wetland looked at Lilac and motioned to Enja.
“Deal with it.”
“Wit’ pleasure.” Lilac stood and walked toward Enja but the boy grabbed her shoulder.
“Stop.”
She pistol-whipped him. He fell to the ground and blood oozed from his brow.
“I said ta nevah touch me.” Lilac spat. She pointed the gun at Enja. “Disobey me or use yer orb an’ lover boy dies.” She gestured with her revolver. “Away from tha door.”
Enja moved slowly around the tables until she neared the counter.
“Tied or dead?” Lilac asked Wetland over her shoulder.
“Dead.”
“Perfect.” Lilac brought the revolver level with Enja’s head. Their face turned white.
“Alocust!” They cried out.
“Stop!” The boy grabbed Lilac’s arm. She sneered and flung the boy to the ground.
“I’ll put one in ya maggot!”
She pointed the revolver and squeezed the trigger.
Alocust!
The boy’s legs grew hot with energy and he shot upwards and hit the barrel of the gun with his fist.
BANG.
The candle in the wall behind Enja exploded into a shower of hot wax. Enja covered their ears and fell to the ground.
“I said STOP!” The boy shoved his fingers through the trigger loop of the revolver, trapping Lilac’s fingers against the squeezed trigger. His other hand caught her neck and squeezed. Lilac drew a knife and pressed the tip to the boy’s jugular.
“Try… it…” Lilac smiled even as her face turned red.
“WETLAND, CALL HER OFF!” The boy didn’t break eye contact with Lilac. He squeezed harder and her blade drew blood.
Wetland sighed. “Fine. We have our information. Let us take our leave.” He dropped Gull’s head.
He slid off the counter and Enja cried out and ran to him.
The boy let go of Lilac and she pulled her blade back. She wrenched the revolver out of the boy’s hands and kneed him in the stomach. He coughed and doubled over in pain. She grabbed his hair and lifted his face to hers.
“I’m gonna tear ya apart.” Her grin was replaced with a look of true malice.
He stood and glared at her and with a newfound confidence he walked by her and whispered through grit teeth.
“Try it.”
Wetland walked between them to the tavern door. “Children, let us not waste time. The tide has receded by now.”
The three of them were ready by the door when the boy looked at Enja one last time.
“I’m sorry. I’ll be free soon. I’ll be back, I promise.”
“No. Don’t.” Enja looked at him with tear-filled eyes. They cradled their father in their arms. “Never come back.” They choked back a sob.
The boy felt his own tears accumulating in his eyes but wiped them on his sleeve. He turned and walked through the doors.
Right as he opened the doors a man stumbled in. “Woah there, sorry ‘bout that!” He chuckled, clearly drunk, and scooted around Wetland and Lilac as they walked out. The assassins greeted the man with cheery smiles.
“Good morning to you.” Wetland gave him a small wave and the man reciprocated. 
“And to you! Never too early to drink, eh?” He laughed and walked into the tavern. The doors closed behind him.
Wetland looked at the boy and Lilac. They all knew what to do.
A yell behind them was the signal to start sprinting down the streets. The breeze backed their strides and they wove through the crowds of what looked like a morning market. The boy ducked under men and women holding sweet-smelling dumplings and steaming seaweed wraps, Lilac and Wetland took a more brutish approach and tore their way through the crowd.
“Out’a mah way- I said MOVE!” Lilac moved to use her revolver when Wetland grabbed her wrist.
“Do not draw more attention. We do not need some hero stopping us.”
Lilac growled but took her hand out from her bag. They pushed through the market into a thin street. Their hearts beat fast. The boy was sweating and panting. Wetland paused to shake his leg and massage his kneecap.
“Princess?” A little voice came from behind them.
Lilac drew her revolver and stuck it into the face of the little whitesmith girl they met yesterday.
“Lilac!” The boy hissed.
Lilac was silent. The girl’s face turned white.
“Go home.” Lilac ushered her down the street.
The girl didn’t move. Her mouth opened a little and she took a deep breath. The boy thought Lilac would shoot her right there, they couldn’t risk her screaming.
But she didn’t.
“Go home girl!”
Tears filled the little girl’s eyes and she turned and ran down the street. The boy let go of a breath he didn’t know he was holding. Lilac started running and they followed her.
Before they made it very far a drone filled the air. It grew into the same hollow roar that they heard last night in the tavern.
The war horn.
They stopped and everyone around them stopped and looked right at them. Wetland pulled Lilac and the boy into a tight alley as the townsfolk disappeared into their homes. Their white eyes still watched the trio through the driftwood walls.
Lilac panicked rapped her nails on the wall behind her. “Tha whole town’s onta us!”
“No, they will not know the horn is for us. Information will not travel faster than our legs,” Wetland peaked into the empty street, “and nobody was brave enough to stop us. Go!”
They ran back to the street but before they made it far the horn sounded again, but this time different. It made repetitive notes of different lengths and tones.
They could see the guard towers and kept up the pace. White eyes and accusatory whispers followed them.
That horn, what could the different sounds… wait!
“Wetland, Lilac, they’re communicating using the horn! The guards will know it’s us.”
“Then we have no choice.” Wetland retrieved his rifle and loaded a bullet into the chamber. “We just need to make it to the stairs past the towers.”
They crossed from the wall of buildings to beneath the guard tower. The soldiers in the nest were scanning the streets with their telescopes.
“Wait,” the boy slowed and threw up his hand in front of Wetland who was training a shot at the underbelly of the tower, “they’re looking at the streets, we’re faster than they think we are.” He whispered. Wetland lowered his rifle and Lilac looked incredibly disappointed. The boy could see her itch for violence go unanswered.
In an act of desperation she raised her revolver at the tower but Wetland blocked it with his rifle.
“I promised you bloodshed today and I will see it through, but not right now. Too much rides on us leaving without a fuss.” Wetland stared Lilac down. She looked away and ground her teeth. She lowered the revolver.
They continued quietly under the tower until they crossed over the tide wall and started descending the stairs. They stepped down onto a wide salt plateau under a crystal obelisk and realized someone was there to stop them.
Silt blocked their path. He glared at them with a feral snarl and unsheathed his sword. He took a battle stance and pointed the tip of his blade at their throats.
“You’re not getting past me.”
“I disagree.” Wetland fired his rifle from his hip. Silt parried the bullet with the tip of his blade, it deflected into the ground and burst into a blanket of fire.
Silt took his stance again. “I haven’t seen incendiary rounds since the civil war.”
“You are older than you look. Shame, I would have liked to listen to your stories.” Wetland loaded another bullet, a light gray one that the boy hadn’t seen before, and aimed his rifle at the ground. “Maybe another time.”
He pulled the trigger and a massive plume of black smoke erupted from the bullet’s impact on the salt. The boy choked on the fumes as Lilac grabbed his arm and pulled him through the thick cover, something whipped over his head and he heard Silt’s war cry right next to him.
He’s swinging his sword wildly!
Another swift flow of smoke descended over his shoulder but he twisted out of the way, the sound of crystal smashing through stone came right after. He almost tripped over his own feet as Lilac yanked him out of the edge of the smoke. Wetland was already descending the stairs ahead of them.
The boy looked at the smoke expecting to see Silt emerging from the wall of soot but Lilac pushed him down the stairs.
“GO!”
They descended the tide-slick steps to the black stone of the tidal flats and ran far away from Salt Hill. The tide was still being drawn to the frontier and sucked down under the stone, they had to slog through shin-deep water as they fled.
The boy kept looking over his shoulder but no one was following them. He kept thinking of Enja.
When they could no longer see the stairs of the town at the top of the grayish hill, they stopped running and caught their breaths.
The boy checked to make sure they weren’t being pursued. He saw nothing. No squad of soldiers running them down, no Silt. He smiled, a giddy adrenaline smile made by a dizzy brain.
“We made it.”
Lilac laughed first. Then Wetland. Then the boy. They all doubled over in laughter and deep breaths until tears ran down their cheeks.
“We got away! We beat tha whole town! Ha! Just the three of us.” Lilac took his shoulders in her hands and shook him. “Ya feel tha thrill boy? Runnin’ the whole town through, it’s just-” She stopped.
“Lilac?” The boy noticed she was squinting over his shoulder at Salt Hill.
“Is there… somethin’ movin’?” She pointed.
The boy turned to see a blue blur fast approaching. His heart sank.
“Jellyfish!”
The blue lifter jelly raced across the tide with three soldiers hanging off a harness covering its bell. They beat their armor like drums and brandished their crystal swords that flashed in the sun. Covering their faces were dried starfish through which war cries warped into roars of a wild beast.
“Such speed…!” Wetland loaded his rifle.
No! Those rotting- they’re going to die! Lilac and Wetland will slaughter them and Enja will never forgive me. Assuming there’s even any hope of her doing that. 
“There might be a way to save them, but it will take trust on your part and some convincing of those violent two.”
Well then? Don’t keep it to yourself!
“Wetland’s sound bullet would be enough to temporarily stop the jellyfish. Use that spacing to knock them out.”
How do you expect me to be able to take on armored soldiers? You said so yourself I can’t rely on your power for that long.
“I have a plan, just trust me. Now convince them not to assist or the point of keeping them alive will be lost.”
The boy took a deep breath. He turned to Wetland and Lilac.
“I can take them all on. You both go on ahead.”
“What makes ya think I’d agree ta that, boy?” Lilac scoffed.
“You don’t need to waste your time. Save your energy, right Wetland, sir?”
Wetland looked at the approaching soldiers and then at the boy. He laughed.
“I do not know where you got this confidence, but I will humor you. You really think you can kill them all?”
“Yes, sir. Just slow them down for me, one of those sound bullets would be perfect.”
“Do not get used to giving me orders, boy.” Wetland loaded a white bullet into his rifle.
“Wetland ya promised me!”
“I need you at your prime for Prantis, Lilac.”
“But-”
Wetland frowned at her and she shut her mouth and snarled.
The boy continued. “Fire on my signal.”
Wetland nodded.
The boy walked towards their pursuers until he was a safe distance from the assassins where he knew they wouldn’t interfere. He raised his arm.
“Bring it down to signal Wetland on my command.”
Got it.
The jellyfish sped towards them. The war cries became louder.
Now?
“Wait.”
It would be on them in heartbeats.
Alocust!
“Closer…”
He saw the whites of their eyes.
Alocust!?
“NOW!”
The boy brought his arm down.
BANG ZEEEEEEEEEE.
The bullet made a screaming arc over the jellyfish making it stop dead in its tracks in convulsive shivers. Its passengers were ripped off the bell by their momentum. Their armor chipped the stone as they rolled to a stop or fell into filled tide pools. One went farther than the others, and, as expected by Alocust, swept up their dropped sword and ran straight at them.
“Relax your entire body. Trust in me, I’ll take over.”
The boy released his muscles, starting with his fingers and toes and working towards the center of his body. The sensation defied every instinct he had. His knees buckled and he fell limp for a split second before Alocust took over. His muscles tenses and his heart pumped. Adrenaline shot through him. His fingers twitched, but the boy didn’t move them of his own accord. He watched, fascinated, as his hands flexed and his legs stretched and bent like he was a puppet.
“I am in control. Don’t try to fight it or things could get messy. Just watch. Learn. The ways I fight will be imprinted in your brain as if you did them yourself.”
I- I trust you. Don’t kill them. And don’t die.
“Wouldn’t dream of it.”
The first soldier reached them and the boy’s body moved to meet his sword. The attacker shrieked then feinted a left swing only to turn the blade into an uppercut. The boy’s body leapt forwards and twisted in the air like flowing water, the blade barely brushed his suit as Alocust grabbed the top of the soldier’s chest armor and folded his legs straight up his chest. His feet extended like a lance into the starfish mask. The dried material shattered and the soldier’s neck snapped back as he fell. Alocust jerked to the right and landed on his feet. The blade flew into the air from the momentum of the initial swing before falling into Alocust’s outstretched hand.
Waves of pain made the boy’s body twitch.
“What’s wrong?”
“You just used muscles I never use and you’re lucky none of my tendons snapped! I feel like I’m burning, I can’t keep this up if you move like that.”
“Sorry, you are not as nimble as I believed. My swordplay is not nearly as… taxing.” Alocust flourished the crystal blade.
The next soldier reached them and swung their sword as they bellowed a cry of revenge for their fallen comrade. The boy’s body moved so precisely, there was not a single wasted movement down to the controlled beat of his heart, as he parried the blow and swept the soldier’s legs. She cried out as she fell forward, Alocust brought the flat of his blade down on their exposed neck with a crunch. The soldier let out a swift breath before collapsing motionless on the ground.
You didn’t kill her, did you?
“I held back as to not shatter her spine.”
Thank you.
A roar brought his attention to the last soldier, a hulking brute with a bastard sword gripped in both hands, sprinting at him across the stone. Behind him the jellyfish stopped shivering and was starting to move again.
Better make this fast.
“Working on it.”
Alocust clashed with the soldier. A flurry of crystal reflections painted the stone as the edges of their blades danced across each other. The soldier brought down his sword too slow and Alocust sliced the joints of his armor rendering his legs useless. In his pain the soldier’s grip loosened for a second and Alocust disarmed him, pushed him to the ground, and slipped the tip of his sword under his chin.
Despite sharp crystal jutting into his throat the soldier’s eyes were filled with rage. His fists clenched.
“Stop. If you move you’ll die. Surrender.” Alocust held the blade firm. The man’s panting breaths turned to whistling grunts through his mask.
The disarmed blade clattered to the ground.
“RAAAUGH!” He lifted himself and impaled himself on the blade. He swung his fist but Alocust backed out of the way of the punch and flicked his sword through the soldier’s neck. He fell to the ground writhing and holding his gushing throat but still held Alocust’s gaze. Alocust watched the anger fade away as his movements slowed then ceased.
“Stupid fool. I hope you died believing your sacrifice made a difference.”
“I’m sorry I broke my promise, boy.”
It’s… okay. It was unavoidable, he-
“Don’t dwell on it. We have one more.”
One more?
Alocust pointed at the Jellyfish flying at them.
How are you going to fight that thing!? 
“Watch this.”
Just as the Jellyfish converged on them with a flurry of stingers, Alocust unleashed an earth-shattering bellow that brought it to a shivering standstill.
Did- did I make that sound?
Alocust ignored him. He looked at the jellyfish and pointed to the two unconscious soldiers.
“They’re not dead. Take them and leave.” Alocust ordered the jellyfish.
It moved a feeler and tenderly touched the soldier beneath it.
“This one is deceased. Save the other two.”
It stopped for a moment.
Can jellyfish even understand speech? 
“It’s not the words they understand, it’s the emotional vibrations.”
The jellyfish wrapped the unconscious bodies with its feelers and retreated to Salt Hill. They watched it grow smaller and smaller and when they were sure it was gone for good the boy took control over his body. His sore muscles made him groan and he stretched his legs and arms. 
“Grab the sheath. You’ll grow tired holding the sword in your hand.”
The boy looked down at the dead man. He tried not to look at his face but he was drawn to his eyes, wide with pain, staring into nothingness. He unbuckled the sheath from the man’s waist and clasped it around his own. He tightened it and sheathed the sword. It felt strange feeling the weight of a dead man’s crystal on his hip as he moved.
As he started to walk away he felt an alien urge to turn around and desecrate the soldier’s corpse. He stopped walking and grasped the crystal sword. He unsheathed it and pointed it at the corpse. He imagined slicing it up, spreading viscera and crushing bones-
“What are you doing?” Alocust’s voice snapped him out of his trance.
What- I was- I was about to do something awful, I just-
“Your other name, it just rolled in its sleep.”
You mean-
“Yes! Do not say it, do not think it, do not wake it.”
I felt like taking my blade and butchering his corpse all of the sudden, and I would’ve done it!
“It brings obsessive destruction in its wake.”
If it does wake up, would I even have control of my own body?
“There’s no negotiating with it, but it’s two against one. We’ll just have to hope.”
The boy shuddered.
I’ll push the name as far out of my mind as I can.
“The more you try not to think of it, the more you will.”
I’m good at blocking things out. Trust me.
“I have no choice but to trust you.”
They turned towards the frontier and caught up with Wetland and Lilac.
“I did not know you had such finesse with a sword, boy.”
The boy looked down at the ground. I didn’t either.
They caught up to Lilac. She glanced at him but said nothing. Her hand gripped her revolver until her knuckles turned white.
Her bloodthirst dissipated as they walked, but the boy was wary of ever getting between her and her prey again.







WEIGHT




The boy’s sword, heavy with the life it took and thoughts of his other name, dragged him down with every step as they traveled deeper into the frontier.
The tide began its clockwork creep. A thin layer of water flowed over the stone and dripped into the dry pools. A bland overcast covered Shulsa. The monotonous clouds reflected off the new layer of water to create a canvas of bleak nothingness. They walked over an expanse of grayish-white and the boy couldn’t tell where the water ended and the sky began. They came across pillars of white salt standing like obelisks around them.
Wetland and Lilac trailed close behind him. No one spoke. Time trickled by. The sword grew heavier.
I can’t take this anymore.
“There’s no point in doing that.”
Shut it Alocust. I won’t be weighed down by guilt.
The boy unhooked the belt from around his waist and tossed to sword into a tide pool next to him. The splash made Wetland’s sun-beat head lift.
“What was the purpose of that?”
“Didn’t feel like carrying it. Lilac, give me one of your knives.” The boy held out his hand.
“I ain’t givin’ ya-”
“Lilac.” His voice held a level of exhausted command he didn’t know he had in him. She cracked a smile.
“Yer really growin’ on me, boy.” She handed him a knife from her hip, blade first. He gingerly took it and slid it into his pocket. They all kept walking.






CRUSH




When the sun was at its highest point, they encountered the crab.
A deep eruption of water heralded its appearance as it surfaced in the distance. Its enormous white shell towered at least ten men high with equal width. Two curved claws lined with jagged spikes nearly eclipsed its own body in size.
Wetland and Lilac leapt into a tide pool and crouched. The boy, a few paces ahead, was not as lucky. He realized there were no pools to hide in and dropped to his stomach. Cold water washed around him over his half-submerged face.
If it had seen him there would be no chance. He was dead.
He held his breath. 
The crab scuttled as it turned and surveyed the flatland. Each shelled leg crashing into the ground was thunderous and vibrated throughout the stone. It turned towards them and grew still. He felt its tiny eyes scanning over him.
His lungs burned for air.
Don’t let this be it. Don’t let me die here.
The crab took a few steps forward. The boy saw ripples in the water and realized he was shivering uncontrollably. The water that soaked his body was freezing. He closed his eyes. 
He expected a thunderous earthquake of crab legs to rush towards him but nothing happened. The crab still stood perfectly still, looking right at the boy. His lungs could hold out no more and he sucked as much air between a tiny gap in his lips as he could. A wave of cold water rushed around him and he struggled not to inhale the liquid into his lungs. He had to cough. His throat tightened and his head throbbed.
I can’t do it!
“Hold it in.”
I’m drowning.
“Hold it!”
I’m sorry Alocust…
“HOLD IT!”
The ground erupted next to him. The boy coughed violently and threw up water as stone chunks rained down around him. He covered his head and curled into a ball. He heard Wetland and Lilac shouting and a rapid smashing of crab chitin on the ground. The crab scuttled sideways over the ground right for him, claws raised and opened wide.
But it wasn’t him the crab was after. It snapped its claws shut over a giant suckered tentacle slithering up from the ground severing it from the body of a huge octopus hiding beneath the stone.
He felt hands on his back lift him.
“RUN BOY!” Lilac screamed in his ear.
He coughed more, desperately trying to clear his lungs as they fled. More stones rained down upon them and the boy looked over his shoulder.
It was a battle of giants. The octopus, a rippling slime laden monstrosity, tore away at the crab’s shell as it climbed inside the other monster. The crab pinned the octopus to the ground with its legs and sliced through its tentacles. Spraying blood obscured the scene but the boy saw a hunk of the octopus, its head and maybe two tentacles, squeezed itself into the crab’s shell. It excavated the crab’s innards sending blue blood into the sky.
They ran. They fell over each other and pulled each other up. They ran so far the slaughter-duel disappeared behind the mist at the horizon and they fell to their knees in exhaustion. They stayed for a moment breathing in unison.
Lilac laughed. A short, terrified, and ecstatic laugh.
Wetland grinned and grabbed both their shoulders.
The boy wiped his mouth and laughed.
They all laughed at death.






DROP




The tide came up to their knees.
The boy noticed a blue liquid flowing beneath the tide and bent down to taste it. He wiped two fingers along the stone and brought them up to let a drop fall on his tongue.
He was better at improving his senses without Alocust’s help. Or maybe, he decided, it was that they were further in sync; He didn’t need to ask him to improve his senses, he only needed to think about what he wanted to do.
An intense taste of copper filled his mouth accompanied by a nauseating sour taste similar to the seaweed he had eaten earlier in the day. Blood. He spat and ran his nails down his tongue.
The bloodstream came from the direction they were headed, so they unwittingly followed it. Eventually, the boy saw the source, a huge salt pile. As they approached he realized to his horror that it was another giant crab. He held his hand back and Wetland and Lilac stopped and crouched. The boy watched the crab but it didn’t move. The blood continued to flow. The boy stood and approached it. Wetland and Lilac followed.
It was not alive. As the boy approached it he saw that hidden from view was a giant hole in the shell. Its white carapace had been smashed open on all sides and its blue blood and mucus-covered guts oozed into the tidewater. Wetland stared at the corpse from a safe distance away and rubbed his jaw.
“What did this?” For the first time the boy could remember, Wetland’s voice held emotion. It wavered in awe.
The boy walked a wide circle around the corpse. The stone beneath it looked like someone battered it with a hammer. Chunks of shell were cracked inward and pierced the gills. Its arm lay detached nearby. Looking at the joint he noticed it wasn’t severed, but broken off. The final piece to the puzzle was the condensation running down the shell. The air was dry and there were no pools in sight large enough that the crab could have emerged from them. The boy looked up at the clouds. He recognized the method from the time on the shores back at home.
“I’ve seen something like this back home, birds would do it. They’d snatch up crabs wading in the muck and bring them way up high and drop them over the roofs. They’d swoop down and pick the crab up and they’d do it again and again until only a bloody pulp remained, which they ate.”
Lilac stared at the crab. “No meat missin’, kinda like it was smashed fer fun.” She took a step towards the corpse but Wetland stopped her. 
“No time to waste.”
He looked down at the water level. It was almost to his knees. 
“If we do not find Prantis’ hideout soon, we are dead.”
Lilac frowned but complied. They continued on. Wetland did not look back at the dead crab. The boy knew he and Wetland were thinking the same thing.
What horror deep in the Shulsan frontier could pick up and smash a giant crab for fun?






GLAZE




The first one they passed made the boy anxious.
Human-sized blobs of white gooey substance stuck out of the waist-high water. The boy felt incredibly uneasy as they walked past them. An uncanny feeling ate away at his mind when he looked at them, some of the blobs looked vaguely humanoid.
He noticed Lilac’s pulse started to race as they continued. More and more blobs stuck out of the ground ahead. They passed too close to one and she snapped, she waded up to it and grabbed it with both hands.
“What’s inside, what’s inside!?” She tore away at the material. It stretched and broke away like soft cheese. She ripped at it frantically, tossing the chunks behind her and going back for more.
It terrified the boy, seeing Lilac maniacally afraid of something. His pulsed throbbed as she dug deeper. 
She ripped a hole into the center, finding a hollow space.
“It’s shaped like one…” her voice broke, “Like a person-”
Wetland pulled her away from the blob. “Get a hold of yourself!”
“Somebody’s stuck in there-”
“There is nothing in there Lilac! It is empty! For all we know you dug through a pile of monster feces.”
She looked down at the water and took deep shaky breaths. In a daze she brushed Wetland off and moved far away from the blobs.
As they continued on the boy’s boots started sticking to the ground as he stepped. The stone was covered in a film of the stuff that made the blobs that were becoming more and more frequent around them. They closely resembled humans now.
They continued deeper into the hellscape.
The blobs took on a fresh, see-through look. Lilac started sobbing and Wetland was visibly disturbed. He guided her between them as she kept her head down.
The boy walked up to one. Behind a thin layer of glaze—he decided that’s what happened, these people were glazed—was a woman wearing Shulsan expedition gear stuck in a position of horror with her arms above her head and hands splayed, as if she was shielding herself from something above her. The boy reached out a hand to her face.
“You’re better off not to.”
I need to see.
He peeled away the sticky glaze around her eye. The pupil dilated and looked at him. It shed a single terrified tear. The boy took out his knife and cut at the glaze around her face but as he peeled it back her skin came off with it like she was in a preserved state of partial digestion. Blood oozed and the boy took out his knife.
“It’s okay, it’s okay…” He stabbed it deep into her throat until her eye rolled back and she grew still.
He looked around at the other forms of people in the same state. He wondered if they looked at him now, silently begging to be released from their long and painful agony.
I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.
The boy turned and ran to Wetland and Lilac.
“We need to move.”
“What do you think we are doing, boy?”
“No, I mean move.”
Wetland looked at him and understood the tone in his voice. He nodded. He pushed Lilac along into a wading stumble and they pressed on ahead. The boy honed his ears against the deafening silence and keeping his eyes peeled for movement in the skies.
There’s a primeval food chain at work on the frontier, and we’re at the bottom.






CUBE




When the tide came to their stomachs and the sun burned the sky a low red, the boy saw something a structure on the horizon. He stopped and squinted, feeling the jolt of energy that enhanced his vision tenfold. Wetland and Lilac stopped behind him.
“Do you see something, boy?”
“Yes. A cube, standing on one of its corners.” 
Wetland took out his rifle and pressed his eye to the scope. “When I was smashing his head in Gull said Prantis mentioned a ‘natural prism’ as his home. This has to be it.” Wetland’s face hardened into a smirk.
Lilac, having recovered her usual antagonistic vigor after putting a sizable distance between her and the glazed zone, checked each bullet in the cylinder of her revolver. “Finally. Time fer tha hunt ta begin.”
The boy swallowed. He looked behind him at the flowing surface of the tide, then back at the cube in front of him. He felt an impending doom watching him from it.
It’s my punishment. It’s what I must face to cleanse my guilt.
He pushed forward with excited dread.






DEN




The incoming tide pushed against their waists as they moved towards Prantis’ cube. The boy’s legs grew sore from moving against the flow but his anxious desire to face the dreaded orb wizard dulled the pain. He looked back the way they came, there was only an empty horizon of a darkening sky. Their time was dangerously limited.
Upon getting closer they realized the cube was floating above the tide. As the water level rose the cube ascended to maintain a perfect distance above it, the waves just barely lapped the bottom corner.
The boy noticed that there were no windows of any sort in the structure, save for the tip of the prism which was missing.
They stopped near the last pillar of salt before the cube. The hulking structure towered over them, easily twice the size of Salt Hill. The outside was made of tree trunks and tightly packed seaweed. Flowering vines foreign to the mainland webbed the surface. Holes in the wood were filled with dried mud and some of the seaweed was old and gray and some were new and dark green.
Prantis must keep it under constant upkeep. Or has something else doing it for him.
Wetland’s brow furrowed as he looked the cube up and down. Lilac eyed it hungrily.
“Ya think it’s magic makin’ that thing float?”
“What else could it be?” The boy muttered.
“Shut it boy.”
Wetland scratched his stubble. “Entering will be dangerous if our target has the ability to suddenly drop the structure as a defense.”
 “There are no barnacles on the lower corner, so it hasn’t been in the water for an extended period of time since its creation. It’s also built out of wood. Unless there’s some underground forest here, Prantis brought each piece by hand from the land. I doubt he would collapse something that took that much time and effort unless it was his last resort.”
“Then we will finish him quickly. Lilac, you and the boy enter the structure and flush out Prantis. I will wait at this salt pillar,” he pointed to a pillar next to them, “and when he is in sight I will finish him off.” He moved towards the salt pillar with his rifle resting on one shoulder and the case resting on the other.
“How did he get all of this wood out here anyways?”
“Magic, what else could it be.” Lilac imitated him.
“Ha ha. Does he an affinity for wood or something?”
“Could be anythin’. Won’t change what a knife in his neck’ll do.”
“Looks like there’s an opening at the top of the cube, it may be our only way in.”
“I gotta bettah idea.” She pulled out a thick leather drawstring bag from her pack and loosened it and let the contents drop into her palm. It was a wad of oil-black gum. 
“Stick it ta tha bottom an’ I’ll shoot it.”
“Is that what I think it is?” He looked at the shiny substance in her hand.
“Explosive.” Lilac’s grin couldn’t get any wider.
“You think the walls are thin enough?”
“This’ll blow holes in metal. Rottin’ wood ain’t gonna stop it. Now go stick it.” She held out the gum to the boy and he took it from her. As he retracted his arm she grabbed his wrist and dug her nails into his skin.
“If ya drop it an’ lose it I’ll drown ya mahself, ya hear?”
The boy shook his head.
“Good boy.” She let go.
The boy rubbed the nail marks on his wrist and glared at her as he waded towards the cube.
As he got closer he smelled something foul emanating from the logs. It was worse than the salt pillars, worse than rotting flesh. It was the stench of death. It was so heavy in the air he could taste it. 
Behind him Lilac took the revolver out of her bag and attached the silencer. She cupped her hands next to her mouth and yelled to the boy.
“It’s gonna incinerate everythin’ near it when I pop it, after ya stick it ya bettah be runnin’ as fast as yer scrawny little legs can carry ya unless ya wanna be vaporized!”
She is being completely serious, isn’t she? The boy looked at the black gum in his hands. Alocust, I might need your help.
“I’m ready.”
He reached the lower corner of the cube. He covered his nose and breathed through the palm of his hand to prevent himself from dry heaving. With his other hand he pressed the gum to the wood. It oozed between his fingers but stuck. He turned and waved to Lilac. She leveled her revolver.
She wouldn’t.
She lifted three fingers from her trigger hand.
Then lowered one.
The boy threw himself into the water and started flailing his arms as fast as he could.
Lilac lowered both of the other fingers at the same time.
The boy covered his ears and curled into a ball under the water.
The bullet collided with the black gum and the substance ignited in a booming clap. The wood erupted. A shower of red-hot splinters and expanding smoke made the water boil. The shock wave sent a water spout up into the newly formed gaping hole in the cube. It poured back down as a squalid deluge of blue and red.
The boy surfaced and gasped for air and felt his lungs filled with a stench of rot. His head swam and he heaved up spit from his empty stomach. As he was wiping his mouth something bumped his waist. He looked down.
It was an eyeball.
The water around him turned a dizzying mix of red and blue and purple. Bits of meat and flesh flowed around him.
He fell backward into the water to avoid the path of a long intestine wrapped around a chunk of meat. He recognized it now. That smell from the muck. Human flesh.
A hand grabbed his arm. Lilac pulled him free of the stream of guts.
“Smells like a corpse.” 
His head spun and he staggered as Lilac yanked him towards the hole blown through the wood.
“It’s human-” He tried to back away but Lilac was stronger.
“Don’t be a coward, I thought ya were used ta this stuff.”
The smell subsided as the viscera was pulled away by the tide. The boy quelled his sense of smell and regained his composure.
“I never got used to it.”
Lilac waved to Wetland who waved back. He climbed the salt pillar and was lying prone at the top looking at them through his scope. 
“Did Wetland wave back ta me?”
The boy looked at Lilac in confusion.
Can she really not see that far?
“Ya deaf, boy?” She looked back in annoyance.
“Yes, I mean no, I’m not but yes, he did wave.”
“Ya talk too much an’ think too slow.” She let go of his arm.
They waded beneath the hole and looked past the blackened edges of the logs into a dome of darkness. The inner walls were lined with sheets of dried seaweed. Not far up was a ceiling of logs separating the corner from the rest of the cube. At the center was a hole leading to the next room.
“Looks like a garbage dump.”
“Disgusting.” Lilac kicked away a rib floating in the water.
“All of this blood, human, crab, whatever else he’s eating, it doesn’t make sense. Did he gather followers out here as twisted as he is?”
“Or he ate ‘em all himself.”
The thought sickened the boy.
“Imma climb up ta tha hole. Follow tha best ya can.” Lilac jumped out of the water and gripped the side of the opening. She lifted herself and balanced on the rim. “It’s humid in ‘ere.” She unzipped the top half of her suit and tied it around her waist. She reached a scar covered hand down to the boy.
“Come’on maggot, we got a wizard ta kill.”
He grabbed her forearm and she grabbed his. She lifted him up and he found his footing on the sloped slick walls of the cube.

Lilac ran up the blood coated inner walls of the cube. She bent her knees and vaulted in a graceful arc that put her directly under the hole, she thrust both hands in and gripped the edge. Her bag fell heavily onto her back.
“Ya bettah start climbin’, boy!”
“Excuse me?”
“Make me repeat mahself ‘an I’ll drill yer ears wider.”
Was this really the only way? He took a deep breath and leapt up and grabbed onto Lilac’s boots. They swung and he felt her torso twist to counter the momentum. The nail marks in his arm reminded him of how strong her grip was. He climbed her legs. He got to her midsection and paused for a second.
“Ah- um, where should-”
“Get. Up. Now.” Lilac hissed through grit teeth.
He climbed the rest of the way, lifting himself into the next floor. It was pitch black and damp but smelled much better than the trough below.
He lent a hand down to Lilac but she ignored it and pulled herself up with ease. 
“Can’t see nothin’.” She opened her bag and brought out her lantern and lit it.
The boy got a good look at the room as Lilac slung the bag back over her shoulders. The ceiling was significantly lower than the bottom room and the walls were dry. The ground was covered with scrape marks that converged on the hole they climbed through. He bent down and ran his fingers along the scratches. A particularly defined set had five thin grooves. His thoughts flickered back to the eyeball in the slush that gushed from the trough.
Maybe it wasn’t a garbage heap. Maybe it was… soup.
The rest of the room was devoid of decoration, save for a hole in the ceiling, much smaller than the one they came in through. Lilac looked at it, then at him.
“Ya go first, boy.”
Much to his chagrin, he knew there was no arguing. He nodded. He looked into the tube. It was a little larger than the width of his shoulders and traveled upwards a ways before curving sharply to the left.
Prantis must be a small man with incredible climbing skills to easily navigate these tunnels.
“Up ya go.” Lilac grabbed him around the hips and lifted him. He thrust his fingers into the soft earth and raised himself inside. He pinned his back to the curvature of the tube by pressing his elbows on the wall and lifted his legs and replaced his elbows with his knees. His freed arms found a higher grip and he repeated the process making his way along the tube until it curved and he hauled himself onto a flat portion to rest.
The tube continued down and then turned up. He crawled to the end on his hands and knees to the curve and stood. His head popped out into another room. It was pitch black again, and cold. Not even his above-average sight could penetrate the darkness.
The hairs on the back of his neck stood on end and it felt like he was being watched. He pulled his arms against his sides and froze. He was vulnerable.
What if Prantis is waiting for me just out of sight? 
He felt a bump on his leg that made him jump. Lilac’s head poked out of the curve in the tube by his feet. She motioned upwards. He unsheathed the knife she gave him and climbed into the dark room.
The noise hit him before the smell. A rattling of wind chimes surrounded him accompanied by hundreds of shrilled howls from every direction.
“Lilac! Get up here!” He bent his knees and held his knife in both hands. His knuckles turned white as he felt Alocust enhance his body, ready to face the horde that lurked in the darkness.
Lilac jumped out of the hole with revolver drawn in one hand and the lantern in the other. A spark ignited the fuel and the blaze cut away the dark veil and cast hundreds of humanoid shadows on the walls.
The boy shouted in fear and stepped back into Lilac. She stepped back over the hole and raised her revolver at the figures closing in around them.
BANG.
The bullet tore through bones and hit the wall.
The noise brought the boy to his senses. Surrounding them was not an army of living things, but skeletons. Hundreds of them. The human bones were bound together in anatomically incorrect fashions and wore different sets of clothing. A few were covered in the dark green frontier suits that the boy and Lilac wore. Most were shrouded in long onyx robes trimmed with reflective gold.
I’ve seen that black-gold pattern before, through that portal-
Lilac grabbed his arm and pulled him towards the skeletons. Her face was contorted in fear and the boy understood.
Prantis, and whatever else was in the cube, heard that gunshot.
She snuffed out the lantern as they ran, covering them in darkness. As they wound their way between the dark macabre shapes their feet crunched on the floor. The boy looked down to see hunks of bone floating in a gray powder, bone dust piled in heaps like spilled flour. Lilac pulled the boy under a wide Prei-Dan robe. They huddled around a wooden pole that supported the skeleton and she replaced the missing bullet in the cylinder of her revolver.
“He’s coming for us.” Alocust whispered to him.
Where is he? From where?
The boy felt his inner ear grow hot and he heard the shrill howling again.
It’s wind! It’s coming in from somewhere, through the walls? Now that I think about it, I couldn’t even see the ceiling, this room must be massive.
Lilac’s breathing was short, steady, focused. A hunter’s breathing. The boy filtered out the whistling wind and rattling bones, alert for any other noise that heralded Prantis’ arrival.
I wonder if Wetland heard the shot. Would he abandon us, thinking we were killed by Prantis? Or would he lower his guard thinking we finished him in one shot?
“Hey, HEY.” Lilac whispered harshly and looked him in the eyes. “Focus.”
The boy didn’t realize his breath quickened into a pant.
“What if Wetland-”
“He’s smart, he ain’t gonna leave.”
“How much time’s passed?”
“Enough of it.” Lilac left the robe and stood.
“There’s no way he didn’t hear that shot, you think he isn’t here?”
“No. He’s ‘ere. Wit tha tide risin’, he ain’t out. He’s waitin’ fer us.”
She relit the lantern and held it high. The boy came out from under the robe and faced the densely packed skeletons around them. She felt one of the black robes between her fingers.
“This’s pure gold, ya know? Prei-Dan silk… We’ll be takin’ some when we leave.”
“Why are there so many of them?” The boy asked aloud but already knew the answer.
“We’re not tha first ta try ta kill ‘im. Or maybe he brought ‘em from tha valley as trophies.”
“Not only them,” he eyed the bones wrapped in frontier suits, “anyone he came across became his prey.”
He pushed his way between the dried bones to the wall. It sloped gently outward, indicating they were still in the lower half of the cube. Tiny holes covered the wall that curved randomly and smelled of salty air. A gust of wind pumped through them from the outside and they whistled together creating the cacophony of howling they were hearing. He never expected to yearn for the sticky humidity of the Shulsan air.
Lilac caught up to him and looked at the wall. “Ya see that, boy?” She pointed to large tunnel entrances on the slope. They were the same size as the one they used to climb into the room. A clear substance trickled down from one of them and the boy swiped it with his finger and tasted it.
“Rainwater.”
“Rain? Must lead ta tha top.” She grinned. “Bettah not keep Prantis waitin’.”
He didn’t wait for Lilac to command him to go first, he just started climbing. Using the wind holes as finger grips he pulled himself to the hole and looked into it. It curved sharply upwards so he leaned in to get a look. His heart sank. The tunnel curved inward along the outside of the cube, straight to the top. It would be a long and arduous climb. He looked back at Lilac.
“What if it’s a trap and Prantis catches us mid climb?”
“Then I can’t miss.” She tapped the silencer on her hip.
“Wait, if he comes from the top I’d be in the way.”
She just shrugged.
Great.
He crawled into the hole and started pushing his way up the slope. The rainwater made the floor slick so he angled his knees to avoid the trickle. The first half was easier than the second by far, he used the same method from his first climb to make it to the bend where the tunnel started ascending the top half of the cube. He noticed a faint orange pinprick of light at the end of the tunnel and he felt like he was looking up from the bottom of a deep well. 
He climbed and climbed, looking up at the light over and over but it never seemed any closer. His hands would slip and his heart would leap out of his throat but he always caught himself. His palms were rubbing raw on the coarse wood.
His raw palms started slipping more often on the wood. It felt like the walls were closer than they were before. He looked up but the light wasn’t any closer.
Is the tube getting tighter?
“No, it isn’t.”
It feels like I’m being squeezed. Were my shoulders always this tight against the wall?
He looked up again. The light wasn’t any closer.
Alocust the walls are closing in on me like some sort of throat, I can’t breath, I’m being crushed!
“No such thing is happening you fool, get a hold of yourself!”
The boy’s breaths quickened into sharp inhales and he squirmed against the wall. The light was not any closer.
“I’m stuck. I’m stuck and I can’t move and I can’t breathe and I want to go down. I’m going to die, I can’t-”
“Boy!” Lilac pushed against his boots with her hands. “Yer panickin’. Suck air deep inta yer stomach till ya cant take anymore an’ hold it. Hold it fer a heartbeat then get all tha air out an’ do it again, ya hear?”
The boy nodded quickly and took a deep and shuddering breath. His chest pressed against the wall as he took in as much damp air as his lungs let him. He held it for an agonizing moment before letting it hiss out through his teeth.
He repeated the exercise until his heart stopped pounding and the walls stopped undulating. His muscles relaxed and he found a good grip to pull himself upwards.
The rest of the way was daunted only by the thought of Prantis coming at them from above. The boy knew Lilac would have no trouble shooting through him.
The closer they got to the opening at the top the deeper the sunset glow became. The boy paused constantly to listen for any sign of the orb wizard but always heard nothing.
When he finally made it out of the hole into the top of Prantis’ cube he rolled onto the floor and took long and deep breaths of misty air and smiled in relief. It was the last time he would ever smile.






RIPTIDE




Lilac climbed up after the boy and surveyed the room. It was practically empty.
“Wetland’s gonna be real pissed if Prantis really ain’t home.” She muttered.
The boy looked around the room and saw that it indeed was devoid of any fugitive orb wizards.
The room was shaped like a pyramid, the walls sloped into tight corners on all edges. There was a giant hole in the center of the ceiling and he could see the gray sky through it. Other holes were dug into the corners, likely leading to other chambers. The wood was moist and the floor had moss growing in the crack from being exposed to the outside air. The red sky changed to a darker red even still as the sun disappeared. 
If the light fades, we would be at an incredible disadvantage.
“Do you forget that I’m here? I can let you see in the light of the stars.”
Assuming there are stars to see.
He looked at the storm front rolling above them.
Lilac walked around removing the lids of seaweed baskets that hung from ropes attached to the ceiling. 
“Crab shells,” she picked up a shard of bone clearly part of a spine, “an’ human bones. Mah bet’s all these’re filled wit’ ‘em.”
“You’d think he had enough bones back down there.”
The boy inspected the corners of the room. He placed a hand on the ceiling above him so he didn’t hit his head and crouched over red flowers growing out of knots in the floor. Their leaves were pruned and healthy and soil was packed into the wood around their stems.
He even brought flowers and dirt from the land all the way out here, guess he missed home.
He noticed a wooden chest tucked into the corner and pulled it out. Even though the material was rotting it looked like the wood was originally cut and sanded, another artifact from outside Shulsa. He slid it out and inspected the latch. A rusted iron lock hung from the loop.
He grabbed the lock and pulled. He felt warmth flash through his arm and he ripped the lock apart. He raised the lid and a smell, metallic and rotting, hit him. He reached in and lifted out a red tube the length of his forearm.
A candle?
He checked both ends but there was no wick. He brought it up to his nose and recoiled. The smell was definitely coming from it. He broke off a bit of the material with his fingernail. It crumbled easily into a flaky powder. He tasted it and spit it out in disgust.
They were tubes of coagulated blood, mixed with some kind of wax. He threw it back into the chest.
Don’t tell me that is some sort of food.
A shift in the air made the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end, followed by a prickling feeling like someone had their eyes on him.
“You sense it too? Good. You’re learning.”
He turned and searched the room. Lilac had her back turned to him and was inspecting something across the room from him.
If she didn’t look at me, who did?
He looked through the hole but saw only heavy clouds. Rain started to drip into the room.
“Lilac. Prantis is here.”
“What ya mea-”
The boy pressed his finger to his lips and glared at her. She closed her mouth and lifted her revolver. 
The boy’s senses hummed as Alocust enhanced their perception. His eyes searched the empty spaces in the room. His nose sifted through the scents around him. He could hear Lilac’s heart beat faster. The taste of blood filled his mouth from the microscopic bits between his teeth and he couldn’t stop himself further dissecting the taste to discover the tubes were made of blood, powdered bone, mucus, and ear wax. 
“Focus.”
A crack of thunder heralded the skies opening up. Rain came down hard. The pattering on the sloped walls crescendoed as water whipped into the room covering everything in a fine mist.
It was in the mist that the boy made out a hulking, twisted shape hanging from the rim of the skylight. Droplets bent around the grotesquely humanoid empty space.
“Lilac! He’s in the middle of the room!”
The shape dropped to the floor and rose into a tall humanoid shape. Its skin turned from see-through to a glassy texture, then was covered in millions of colored pores that grew together revealing the monster they hid. 
What… incredible camouflage. The boy thought in the back of his mind as the hideous form of Prantis displayed itself in all of its aberrant resplendence.
A purple orb the size of a skull, previously hidden above the ceiling, sat above Prantis emitting a milky purple glow. The stretching form stood to his full towering height. His skin was a slimy gray and encrusted with barnacles. His face was not that of a man, but a twisting mass of tentacles that swayed like plants beneath water. He cracked his swollen neck and flexed extra muscles that didn’t exist on a normal person.
He turned to the boy. The boy was so mesmerized by the demonic thing that he didn’t notice its black-nailed claw stabbing at him.
“BOY!” Lilac’s scream snapped him out of his horrified trance just in time to dive out of the way of Prantis’ probing claw.
Lilac squeezed the trigger of her revolver as Prantis turned and faced her. His orb wavered and shrank, the bullets turned sharply and hit the floor. One landed next to the boy’s foot as he stumbled across the room towards Lilac.
What was that? His orb gives him the magic to repel bullets? No… they didn’t turn, more like they fell unnaturally fast.
Prantis took a step towards Lilac. He released a sound, a strangled wet chuffing noise from some unknown orifice. Then he spoke. It was a bizarre noise, like hundreds of mouths speaking at once.
“Here… to kill me? To… silence me?”
The boy stopped next to Lilac. “We are here on behalf of the Prei-Dan to kill you, Prantis!”
“Shut. It.” Lilac didn’t take her eyes off of the monster. 
Prantis chuffed again and this time the boy knew it was laughter. “Hypocrites! They too twist the black flesh… bending… fusing… birth-” 
Lilac shot at Prantis. This time he waved his claw and the bullets scattered back at them, one grazed the boy’s cheek and a hot pain spread through his face. Lilac sidestepped another and kept squeezing the trigger but each projectile deflected in a random direction. Wet wood chips filled the air.
 The boy pressed his hand to the wound as his mind raced, How can Prantis deflect bullets? Is his magic grant him some sort of protection?
“Your weapon… is tiresome.” Prantis raised his arm and Lilac’s gun was wrenched from her hands. She leapt at it but her fingers only grazed the hilt as it spun up out and out through the hole in the ceiling as if it was falling upwards.
She shouted curses and unsheathed one of her knives on her belt as she ran at Prantis but he swung his arm and her weapon was yanked upward. She refused to let go, being lifted into the air with it.
The blade sank into the ceiling and Lilac swung her body upside down and planted her feet next to it and pulled. Her arm muscles bulged but the knife remained stuck in the ceiling.
“They’re doing it too you know… why am I to die? I helped make it… why can’t I have… a little flesh for myself…” Prantis’ hundreds of voices muttered to themselves. With a wave of his arms the boy felt an incredible force draw him towards the monster, Lilac as well was pulled from the ceiling and fell towards Prantis.
She spun and grabbed a knot in the floor and unsheathed another knife.
The boy used his own dagger to puncture the floor and stop himself from crossing the room into Prantis’ waiting claws.
He can make us fall towards, him, like- like he’s changing gravity, but just for us! And the bullets, and this floating cube, it all makes sense!
Lilac lifted her knife over her head and held the tip of the blade between her fingers.
The boy looked up at her and his eyes widened.
“Wait! Don’t-” 
She swung her arms down and sent the blade spinning across the room at Prantis. The wizard held up his hand and the blade stopped, shivered in mid-air as if it was deciding where to go, and shot itself directly into the boy’s thigh.
“AAAAGH- IT’S GRAVITY LILAC, HIS AFFINITY IS ROTTING GRAVITY!”
“So tha only way ta kill ‘im is ta get close!”
Lilac let go of the wood floor and plunged towards Prantis with a new knife in her hands.
Prantis chuckled and pushed his arms out causing Lilac to jerk to a stop.
“Ya coward! FIGHT ME!” She snarled and swung her knife in the air.
“Go… away…” Prantis took a step closer, his orb moved with him and shrunk a little more, and Lilac flew back and hit the slanted wall. The gravitational magic crushed her body into the softened wood.
The gravity pulling at the boy stopped as Prantis passed him by walking towards the pinned Lilac.
Looks like he can only do one thing at a time- “-Agh!”
He groaned as he pressed one hand around the bloody blade embedded in his leg and wrapped the other around the hilt.
“You need to take the blade out and stop the bleeding.”
How can I- IT HURTS!
“You can will it to stop, to repair itself. Trust me!
I- I can’t-
“If you don’t, Lilac will be killed and you’ll be next! Pull it out NOW!”
The boy grabbed the hilt with both hands, grit his teeth, and pulled.
Lilac tried to lift her head and look at the demonic monster approaching her, but couldn’t fight the gravity. With each step her muscles flattened, her bones bent, and she was compressed deeper into the wall.
Prantis stepped closer.
Her chest ached as her ribs warped, her skin threatened to break as it was stretched back. In one more move Prantis would be in arms reach of her.
Prantis’ claws stretched a hair away from Lilac’s face when the boy let out a war cry and stabbed a knife into the twisted flesh of Prantis’ back. Its face tentacles tensed in pain and the gravity killing Lilac released letting her fall from the human-shaped hole in the wall, the boy twisted the knife and pressed his body weight into the monster bringing it down to its knees.
The boy’s leg throbbed. Blood pooled at the surface of his wound but didn’t spill out.
Prantis twisted around, wrenching the knife out of the boy’s hands, and clawed at his attacker who ducked under the swipe fell backward. He brought his arm upwards and his orb flipped the gravity of the entire room.
Everything turned upside down as the boy fell towards the skylight, baskets tumbled around him and spilled their contents into the skylight. He tried to grab the lip of the hole but his fingers slipped on the rain-soaked wood and he spun out of the cube over the infinite black void of the sky.
“No, NO!” He flailed his arms wildly around him and touched the edge of something, he latched onto it and skidded to a halt.
He dangled over the night sky, gripping a stretching seaweed strand with burning palms and feeling sick to his stomach. Bug shells, dirt, even rain cascaded over his body as he grabbed the weakening rope with both hands.
Lilac rolled down the slope of the wall towards the hole but caught herself on the edge and puked blood into the void.
“Pran… tis. Ya rottin’-” She forced herself to her elbows and grabbed her knife which slid next to her.
Prantis remained on the floor, the ceiling now, gripping the softened wood with his feet talons and staring down at Lilac as she stood and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand while glaring at him.
“I’ll gut ya…”
The fire in her eyes meant nothing to the orb wizard as he dropped from the ceiling and landed on the rim of the skylight opposite the assassin. The orb swung down with him, barely the size of a fist now, and hovered above his slimy head.
The boy squeezed the rope between his feet and pushed himself towards the cube. The rope groaned from his weight.
In the sky something glinting caught his eye, hovering in the air with an uncanny stillness of anti-gravity.
Lilac’s revolver!
He reached out for it but his fingertips were barely out of reach of the silencer. He threw his weight out again and touched it but the rope sank a bit causing him to quickly retreat. The gun spun in the frigid air as the boy gently swung his body on the rope, sending it back and forth, each time getting closer and closer to the gun until he caught its grip in his hand.
He cried out in victory and looked towards the cube when the rope snapped.
“LILAC, CATCH!”
He focused Alocust’s energy across his arm and whipped the revolver straight up at the skylight, ignoring his sinking stomach as he accelerated into the sky.
The revolver flew through the hole and Lilac caught it with both hands and shot Prantis over and over. The sick sound of metal on muscle was the only thing reaching Lilac’s ears as she unloaded her entire cylinder into the shrieking monster in front of her.
Prantis screamed in one hundred agonized voices as his arm fell limp to his side, drenched in oily blood from its bullet wounds, and more blood oozed from across his body.
Gravity switched back to normal and the boy felt himself slow to a still, then start falling back to the cube. He screamed the whole way down, ending when his body threaded the skylight and crashed into the floor like a falling star.
He lay in a pit of wood in silent stillness, somehow alive, barely breathing.
Prantis was still recoiling. His limp arm swayed as his shoulder tried to move it. Lilac flipped back to the ground when Prantis’ gravity released and was frantically loading bullets into her revolver from her discarded bag.
“WHY ME WHY ME-” Prantis screamed so loud that Lilac had to pause and cover her ears.
His orb vibrated rapidly and shed half of its size sending out a ring of gravitational energy that sent Lilac flying. It hit the walls making them erupt outward and fall out of sight.
Lilac rolled to the edge and barely stopped herself from flying off by digging her nails into the wood. On her final spin she flipped onto her back and hit her head hard on the wood.
In an instant the room was gone. Cold night wind cut freely across the empty flat space. The weak light of Lilac’s lantern is all that lit the top of the cube, now an arena with steep drops on all sides leading to freezing tidal waters far below.
The rain thrown upwards before came crashing down with incredible force, cleaning the wood and leaving a slick surface that the lantern reflected off of creating a coating of liquid fire.
Lilac lay on her soaked back looking up into the rain, trying to get the lights out of her eyes and the spinning pain out of her skull.
The boy was barely conscious, the gravity blast having missed him in his crater.
“Secret… weapon… I have one…” Prantis swayed back and forth looking at his now small purple orb. “Want to… see?”
He emitted a strangled gagging sound as he reached his claws into the tentacles on his face and removed a black disk from an unseen orifice. He flicked it in his claw and it unfolded into a thin sickle-blade dripping with a lime green substance that glowed under the new night sky. He turned and faced the boy.
Lilac rolled onto her stomach. The revolver was just out of reach of her rapidly bruising arm.
“You’ll… pay… you’ll… pay…” Prantis muttered and walked towards the boy, swinging his blade back and forth over the ground like a guillotine. 
Alocust, Alocust do something!
“I can’t do anything! If I give you power your muscles will shred and your bones with shatter, and I can’t send energy through a broken spine!”
It’s better than being sliced apart! We have to do SOMETHING!
Prantis reached the boy and stopped swinging the sickle a hair’s width from the boy’s scalp. He extended his weapon over his head where it was illuminated a deadly purple from what remained of his purple gravity orb.
“Good… bye…” 
Prantis’ raised shoulder erupted in an explosion that left flames covering his hide.
The sickle sword dropped from his hand and clattered next to the boy as he dodged another projectile aimed for his back while screaming in pain.
Lilac gave Prantis a bloody grin as she rose to her feet. “Yer dead, Prantis!”
More bullets sliced the night air.
“Whe… re… where!?” Prantis bounded around the floor. His tentacles darting every direction trying to find his attacker. 
His arm bent in an impossible fashion letting his claws scrape the burnt flesh from his shoulder and extinguish the chemical flames before they spread farther. Some of his face tentacles were singed in the attack, leaving them hanging limp and shriveled.
He stopped at the edge of the cube and looked down through the darkness to the salt pillar where Wetland lay on his back, his rifle pointed straight up at the top of the cube.
“You…! Interrupting me-” Prantis stretched his claw out.
“He’s goin’ ta lift him!” Lilac leapt at her revolver but Prantis spun and sent gravity coursing through her body, bringing her to her knees and pinning her to the floor.
Prantis turned back and made a fist and drew it across his chest like he was pulling the string of a bow.
A moment of silence filled the air as Lilac struggled to lift herself and the boy tried to twitch his fingers but could only summon up immense pain from his spine that paralyzed him.
Floating up out of the darkness was Wetland. He clutched his rifle as he moved over the edge of the cube. He kicked a leg out and hit the wood corner, stopping his momentum for just a second, but it was ample time to line up a shot.
Prantis’ chest caved in as the bullet tore through his inhuman flesh and shot out the other side into the wood.
An armor-piercing round… smart. The boy could do nothing but watch the upside-down battle with his head on the floor.
The gravity magic released Wetland. He landed and loaded another bullet into the chamber with masterful speed. Lilac stood on shaky legs as she picked up her revolver and smashed the cracked silencer on the ground.
Prantis recovered from the shock of having a hole torn in his chest, he grabbed the sickle blade and slashed the air wildly as he bounded back. He dropped down to his arm, his other wounded appendage dangled under his oozing ribcage, his spine arched and his hissing voices made him the spitting image of cornered prey, something Wetland and Lilac knew very well.
They spread out around Prantis, splitting his attention, and lowered the barrels of their loaded weapons at it, both grinning like the mad assassins they were.
Prantis moved first. The sickle lifted off the ground as he galloped desperately at Lilac.
“Let us take that out of play, shall we?” Wetland hip-fired the rifle and Prantis’ claw disintegrated into a bloody mist. The sickle blade fell and Lilac took two shots, each hitting the weapon sending it spinning over the edge. 
Prantis pressed his wrist stump into his stomach and flicked his other hand at Lilac, but nothing happened. Lilac laughed madly. There was no orb above Prantis’ head, it shrank out of existence, using the last of its power to drag Wetland up. 
“Ya used it all up MAGGOT!” Lilac jeered as she unleashed a flurry of bullets at Prantis, each one ripping into his flesh.
He sank to the ground after the barrage, one arm riddled with bullet holes and the other a bleeding stump at the wrist. The tentacles on his face spread out like the spines of a sea urchin.
“Go… away! Leave me…!” He cried desperately in voices quivering in pain and terror. “Please… please…”
Lilac reloaded her pistol and Wetland thumbed through his bullet case and casually picked out another round to load into the chamber of his rifle. Prantis panted. His blood pooled beneath him.
Wetland and Lilac walked around the monster at a patient pace. They went on opposite sides of him, forcing him to split his attention between them as they circled him like sharks.
Around and around they went as his limbs failed him one by one. When he finally fell to his stomach they closed in for the kill. Wetland stood over the orb wizard with a grin plastered over his wrinkled face.
“Your time is up, Prantis.” He stuck the barrel of his rifle into Prantis’ face. “Die now.”
But Prantis laughed.
His limp arm sprang to life and forced the rifle up to fire uselessly into the air. Wetland had no time to react as Prantis plowed his bloody stump into his face. His rifle was torn from his hand and snapped in half as he fell back in a daze. Blood dribbled out of his broken nose.
“Lilac-” Wetland reached out at his companion as Prantis’ claws sliced through his chest. His eyes rolled back as he fell.
Lilac lost it. “WETLAAAAAND!” She unleashed her fury in each bullet she shot at Prantis.
Her gun smoked and the hammer fell for the last time. Prantis slunk closer, unharmed. His bullet-ridden arm and metal slugs popped out of each wound and fell to the ground.
“Ya- ya-” Lilac stuttered as she patted her waist for a knife that wasn’t there, “YA SHOULD BE DEA-”
Prantis backhanded her into the ground. She didn’t get back up.
His tentacles swayed and pointed at the boy, Wetland, and Lilac one at a time. He chuffed a great fit of laughter before standing tall and pointing his claw at the sky in victory.
“I… WIN!”
He lowered his arms and looked between his three victims. He settled on Lilac and walked to her.
“You caused me… the most pain…” 
He bent down and ran his claw down her cheek, drawing a thin line of blood.
“Die first…”
He poised his claw for the killing blow. 
The boy couldn’t even cry out as he watched.
I need- I need my other name! SER-
“If you awaken that tyrant you’ll go mad!”
I have no choice! SERIVINIAN! The boy called out to the other name. I know you’re in me, wake up!
A blue light flashed in the back of the boy’s mind, a portal was ripped open and from it spilled a voice like syrup.
“You called for me? My resst has ended, I dessire my name to be ssaid.”
A soothing cold rushed through his veins and relaxed his muscles. But under the refreshing feeling the boy could feel a destructive force waiting to be released.
You’re Serivinian.
“Yess. Now say my name. I’m your lasst chance.” The command was seductive.
“Do not listen to-”
“Ssay our name!”
I- I don’t-
“Give me control, ssave them, ssay it.” Serivinian’s words were filled with a sweet poison.
“NO!” Alocust screamed but Serivinian roared even louder.
“SSAY IT!”
I’m sorry Alocust.
The boy opened his bloody mouth and screamed.
“SERIVINIAN!”






OBLITERATOR




The boy’s lungs filled with blood and his lips split and still he screamed. Prantis whipped around and his tentacles recoiled as if in horror from the sound of the name.
“Impossible… you can’t be!” His voices carried a new note. Fear.
“SERIVINIAN!” The name struck like thunder. A raging heartbeat of energy crashed chaotically around them with each thrum. The air froze and the rain, caught in a cyclone around the cube, froze into thin strands of ice.
Even then the boy did not stop.
His mouth moved in repetitive motions and his body lifted into the air.
“SERIVINIAN SERIVINIAN SERIVINIAN!”
Each utterance broke down the world but the focal point of the destructive energy was the mad orb wizard. Prantis vibrated and his oozing skin sizzled and flaked into hot red ash that blew out over the tidewaters. Its tentacles, squirming in primal terror, melted away revealing a barely human skull beneath. His muscles and bones followed until his entire body disintegrated.
And still it went on.
Cracks covered the surface of the cube. Seaweed and mud boiled away as the wood crumbled into coals that fell and fizzled in the water below. Wetland and Lilac’s unconscious bodies sank through the cube as the floor beneath them buckled and shattered.
The boy levitated above the cube, the names he screamed blended. The mulch and coal filled water below evaporated and the steam was blown away in the cyclone or chilled into a thick fog. The tide disappeared down to the black bedrock where the stone beneath him melted into red magma.
But the boy didn’t stop. He couldn’t stop.
His skin peeled and his muscles blackened. His bones and tissue fused as Serivinian’s destructive energy filled every cell in him.
His voice did not cease until his body glowed like the setting sun and extinguished all at once.
The maelstrom stopped instantly.
His body gently hovered above the thin layer of glowing stone that cooled rapidly into a layer of obsidian. He fell to the ground. His legs hit first and shattered like glass followed by his arms cracking like a dropped vase, he ended on his back, looking up at the star-filled sky with the two dark pits in his blackened skull. The water rushed back in to consume the pit of cooling stone.

***

A boat with low edges and a wide bottom made of soft porous stone cut through the black tidewaters that had just settled where Prantis’ cube was. The three navigators of the vessel scanned the calming waves with their bulbous heads and many tiny black eyes. They were covered in many-jointed chitin dotted with thorns and a blue glow shined through the cracks, growing brighter then softer like a beating heart.
One was larger than the others, its head was wrapped in a cage of seashells. It tasted the water, dipping its arm into the tide and letting the fluid flow into the cracks of its chitin.
“He is here. Alocust the Enhancer is nearby. Find his body.” He commanded his two underlings telepathically.
They dove in, barely making a splash. When they brought up the charred body of the boy, the larger navigator leaned in close to the boy’s face. Its glow brightened excitedly.
“This is him. Let us bring him to the nest.”
“To the nest… to the nest…” His underlings repeated the command in a dream-like state. One of them noticed the bodies floating in the water with one of the many eyes on the back of their heads. “Them…? Them too…?
The larger navigator looked at the bodies of Lilac and Wetland. “Yes, them too. We will make use of all that Shulsa delivers us.”
“Praise Obsyanis… praise…”
“Yes, praise Obsyanis. Gather them, we must follow the swallowing of the sea.”
The two underlings dove in and pulled Lilac and Wetland’s bodies to the ship. They hauled them over the edge and inspected them closely, leaning into their mouths and placing the back of their claws to their chest.
“Alive… dead… one living, one lost.”
The larger navigator covered them with a blanket of reeds. “Death is a state we can overcome. Let us go back.”
They picked up glass oars and pushed them through the water.
The boy’s heart beat once in its cinder cage.







Most of the Boy, Alocust, Wetland, and Lilac will return…
THANK YOU FOR READING!


It means so much to me that you’ve made it this far, I hope you enjoyed the first entry in the Strangefall series, there will be more to come!


Please leave a review, it really helps me out!


If you’re interested in seeing more content, subscribing to my newsletter for updates and giveaways, or joining my author discord, follow the links below! I would love to hear from you and listen to your feedback and experience reading RIPTIDE:

Newsletter

Website

Discord

I’m active on all of my social media, consider giving me a follow to see the inner workings of my mind:

Twitter

Instagram

Facebook




