1. Lickety Split

2. Life Form

3. Them

4. The Killing Kind

5. The Same Old Nightmare

6. Boucherie

7. The Agency

8. Lint

9. Cracked

10. Road Games



























Road Games
and
Other Weird Tales
Published by Marlin Williams
Copyright © 2017

Acknowledgements

I've been a longtime fan of Hitchcock films and just about any thriller suspense novel that I can get my hands on. I like the feel of a book in my hands and the smell of the pages. Not to mention black and white sci-fi films from the '50s. Yep. I'm old school. As a matter of fact, the stories you are about to read were written entirely in black and white. Before perfecting the art of pecking away at the keyboard with two fingers,  I worked in the corporate world, but decided to leave and do what I was meant to do. I've been broke and eating Ramen Noodles ever since (yuck to both), but it's been worth it. 
I hope you enjoy reading, Boucherie and Other Weird Tales and you put it down feeling that you got something from it. I look forward to hearing from you.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by electronic or mechanical means, including photocopying, recording or by any information storage and retrieval system, without the written permission of the author.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to actual person, living or dead, business establishments, event, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Thank you, Sheila, my love, for all your hard work and the sacrifices you made to help me. There's no way I could have done this without you. You have always been that little shove that got me over the next hill. I love you.

















Lickety Split

Oh my God, what have I done? Coaly Banks berated herself. Just a few sweet days ago she had been a sane woman, well, at least as sane as you could get nowadays, but now, here she was today, speeding along Highway Seventy-Three with a dead body in the trunk of her car and the inside of her head a big ball of confusion. And she blamed it all on that late-night infomercial.
Lickety Split was the name of the product and it guaranteed instant weight loss. You'll actually lose an entire person, the spokesman claimed. She ignored the fanatical glint in the speaker's eyes as they urged the viewer to Order Now! and she did. Then she soon fell into a contented slumber feeling hopeful for the first time in years.
The chime of her doorbell woke her bright and early the next morning. When she answered the door, there stood a salesman carrying a briefcase. He was short and he was thin, wispy really, and wore a blue, polyester suit and a starched, white shirt with a polka dot bow tie—not one of the horrid clip-on things, this one was hand tied. The breast pocket of his jacket bulged with pens and a Lickety Split button was pinned to the lapel. He wore black frame glasses over a pair of sparkling, blue eyes, and a white Boater Hat, made of straw with a red ribbon circling the crown, topped his dark hair.
He set the briefcase down, cleared his throat, and broke out into his own rendition of the Lickety Split jingle. It was the same words they sang on television, but that is where the resemblance ended, because his version wasn't nearly as good. His ditty ended with the line, it'll put some pep, pep, pep in your step, step, step. He capped his performance with a big, cheesy grin and removed his hat. "Mister Simon at your service." He took a quick bow. "May I come in, Miss Banks?"
Still stunned, she nodded. Trance-like, she stepped out of the way and motioned him inside. He picked up the briefcase and waltzed through the door like a child brimming with energy. Energy was something she lacked these days, and despite his off-key performance, she hoped his peppy step was a harbinger of good things to come for her future. She motioned to the large, overstuffed recliner. "Please, sit down." The small table next to the chair held a lamp that emitted a dim glow that, besides the TV, was the only source of unnatural light in the room. She always kept the curtains on the large window drawn, and her shrink had once declared that Coaly was trying to shut out the outside world and should keep them open. That was a year ago, and the curtains were still closed, and that little bimbo psychiatrist with the pouty lips was outta sight and outta mind. Right now, she was thankful for the darkness that hid the empty snack bags and drained soft drink cans that littered the room.
The man folded his thin frame into the hollow where she'd spent countless hours watching old, romantic movies while many women her age were out partying and having fun, or on dates with handsome men like the ones in the movies. She sat on the couch across from him and settled back. It groaned in protest under her weight and she shot forward and covered her face with her hands in shame.
"No need to be embarrassed," said Mr. Simon. "Come on, now; let me see your face." She parted her fingers and peeked out. His gaze roamed over her body. She'd always wanted men to look at her, but now that one was, she felt uncomfortable. Maybe it was because he was looking at her in a way an entomologist would look at an insect beneath the lens of a microscope. Coaly knew what a bug scientist was called because she'd seen documentaries on the subject and read nature magazines that were among the heaping mass of overflow from the bookcase in her bedroom. She finally lowered her hands and his wandering eyes settled on her face. "Such beautiful features," he said. "And those eyes."
She wondered why he was using such a hokey sales pitch when she had already called the 1-800 number and gave them her credit card information. And, he certainly wasn't flirting with her; she knew what she looked liked. When Coaly last weighed, the scale was tipping at the 280 mark. That was months back. She was sure that she had surpassed that milestone. She'd tried every fad diet ever invented and once even joined an exercise class full of skinny girls dressed in skimpy workout attire. She'd felt like Hyacinth the dancing hippo in the Walt Disney movie, Fantasia. While the slim chicks glided through the moves, Coaly was a sweaty, jiggling mass stuffed into gray, baggy sweats boogieing to the high-energy music with ungraceful moves. The demons inside her head eventually won out and she dropped the class, returned to her old routine of late night TV and junk food, and left the aerobic classes to the slim chicks that didn't need them.
Mister Simon opened his briefcase. "I want to show you something." He reached in and grabbed what looked like a small stack of cards. Okay, she figured, here it comes, the catch. It was probably meal plans; a list of food she could have for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, like celery sticks and cottage cheese, or some other impossible condition she would have to do in tandem with the herbal pills to achieve weight loss success. He splayed them out on the coffee table. They were pictures. Mr. Simon pointed to one of them and exclaimed, "That was me a few weeks ago."
Coaly leaned down for a closer look at the face. Sure enough, the rotund man in the picture, taken seaside, bore a striking resemblance to the man sitting across from her. To be sure, she checked his face one more time, and it was then she noticed the thin, pink line running down the center. More than likely, he'd been involved in an accident.
It's not polite to stare, an old childhood commandment entered her head. It was in her mother's rigid tone of voice. Only it wasn't just her voice, it was a scene from the Wizard of Oz where Dorothy, the tin man, scarecrow, and cowardly lion stood quaking before the floating head of the great and powerful Oz. But, it wasn't the wizard's head she saw, it was her mother's, and Coaly herself was Dorothy. Coaly quickly withdrew from the vision and averted her gaze back to the pictures before he could catch her looking at his unusual marking.
"You see," said Mr. Simon. "I'm not just a representative for Lickety Split, I'm a client." He collected the pictures from the table and stuffed them back into the briefcase. He spent a few extra seconds foraging in the contents and produced a small bottle. It was tinted green with a yellow label on it. He held it up and shook the bottle. It clattered like an infant's rattle. "And here are the babies that will bring out the skinny girl in you." He set them on the tabletop. "The best part is, you can eat whatever you want and not gain a pound. Just imagine, a few days from now, you'll be turning some heads."
"A few days?"
He grinned widely, picked up the bottle, and pointed to the label. "Yep, it says right here, fast acting." Then he points to himself. "Just look at me."
Her head was swimming. "Isn't that dangerous?" She doubted losing a substantial amount of weight in two days could be safe.
"Well, if you don't want them—" With his smile gone by the wayside, Mr. Simon placed the pills back in his briefcase. "Of course you're under no obligation and your money will be refunded on your card in full." He closed the lid.
Her one and only chance of ever being slim was disappearing with the snap of the clasp. Panic swelled inside her. "Wait!" He looked at her. There was expectancy in his eyes like he had played this scenario out many times over. "I didn't say that I didn't want them." She crinkled her brow. "Say, what kind of herbs are in those pills?"
"The healthy kind," he replied. He reopened the case, retrieved the bottle, and held them under the lamp so he could see the label. After he named off the list of ingredients, Mr. Simon said, "Herbs are herbs, until their properties are managed by the way they're blended proportionately. That's what gives these pills their synergistic value." He paused for a moment, and then said, "I can see by the look on your face that I've confused you." He paused again. "Look, I'll simplify it. You can go out and buy these exact ingredients and take them, but it won't do anything, because it has to be the right amount of each herb to get the desired effect."
She got the gist of the explanation, enough to know that she could spend a lifetime taking shots in the dark to stumble upon the correct blend. She nodded. "Okay, I'll take them."
His smile came back. He handed them over. "I understand this must be frightening for you, but I can assure you, it's safe. But, there are—" he hesitated for a moment, "side effects."
With the panic gone, she was now filled with apprehension. "Side effects? What kind of side effects?"
"Oh, nothing serious," he replied.
She was almost afraid to ask. "What are they?"
Mr. Simon riffled through his briefcase and dug out a placard. He held it under the lamp and read it aloud. "Nausea, vomiting, headache, dizziness, skin rash," he held up a finger and quickly spat out the words, "but, they're only temporary."
She could put up with almost anything as long as it was temporary. Coaly looked at the bottle in her hand hoping that the product was worth the five-thousand dollars she'd siphoned off her credit card. It was going to take years to pay back that kind of money at twenty-one per cent interest. If it was a rip-off, hiring a lawyer was out of the question. That would be a waste of time and even more money. Scam companies knew that and that's why they fearlessly touted worthless products. She had fallen for more than her share of scams over the years. She uncapped the bottle and stuck it up to her nose. It smelled similar to cooking spices. She then looked inside the bottle. There were only four pills. That was one thousand two hundred and fifty dollars a pill. She looked up. "Are you sure that four pills are enough?"
He grinned. "Positive. Take one tablet twice daily for two days, and before you know it you've shed all that deadweight and you're going to be a whole new person."
She quickly lost all the apprehension inside her and she smiled. This time it's going to be different, she was sure of it. If not, as her mother always said: You'll just have to suck it up, Buttercup.
"But," he said.
Her heart sank and the short-lived smile disintegrated. She hated the word but. But this or but that was always usurping her happy high. She braced her herself for the bad news that was going to follow this but.
"You should allot at least a week to give yourself plenty of time to handle the process. Some individuals require more time than others. But, the recommended time frame is a week."
Her smile came back. The company that she worked for allowed her to bank sick leave. Since she'd never used any in the five years she'd worked for Sunny Co., she had more than enough to cover the time she would have to miss. Who knows, maybe she wouldn't have any side effects at all. But, why not just go ahead and take the time off and return to work after a week, and if the pills worked and she was thinner, she could blame it on illness. She felt eager for Mr. Simon to be on his way so she could get on the phone and call in sick, then she could get started. She envisioned herself at the mall browsing through the trendy and sexy attire instead of the tents she'd worn all her life. She would no longer look like the circus had come to town. She stood up and extended her hand. "Thank you, Mister Simon, for everything." She beamed a big smile at him.
He matched her smile, leaned forward, and placed a hand on hers. "My pleasure," he replied and let his hand slip off hers. He leaned back, perused the contents of his briefcase, and produced a stapled document.
"What's that?" she asked.
"The contract," he replied as he removed one of the pens from his breast pocket. He clicked the top button and the writing tip popped out. He extended it to her.
Coaly shrank back. "I don't understand. Why do I need to sign a contract?"
"It's standard procedure. I'm afraid you'll find it full of legal jargon. You know, a bunch of corporate lawyers justifying their jobs and overpaid salaries with big words and redundancies. But, you should read it carefully before you sign it since it is legally binding."
She took the document and plopped back down on the couch. She didn't bother to read the thing; hell, she couldn't read it in the dim lighting even if she wanted to, so she pretended to do so, while flipping through the few pages. She never read agreements anyway; it was her standard practice to trust the legalities to the people that wrote them in good faith. She scribbled her name on the bottom line.
Mr. Simon scooped up the papers and placed them neatly back into his briefcase.  He retrieved another set from inside the black, leather case. "This is a dummy contract for your records." He handed them to her. "I should be off, I have other clients today." He stood.
Coaly hefted her weight out of the cushions with the aid of a groan and crackling knees and tossed the contract on the lamp stand. She walked him to the door, wanted to hug him, but refrained. It might be misunderstood. Instead, she offered him her hand, which he took.
Releasing her hand, he tipped his hat, and walked out of the gloomy living room and into the bright sun. "Oh," he said. "I almost forgot." He reached around to his back pocket and removed his wallet. He took out a card. "My number, just in case." With briefcase in hand and whistling a tune, Mr. Simon walked along the sidewalk and disappeared around the corner.
After he was gone, Coaly rushed back inside, grabbed her phone, and dialed work. She feigned a hoarse throat and threw in a few sniffles while she explained to the boss's secretary that she had the flu and wouldn't be in for a week. After she hung up, she congratulated herself for an outstanding Oscar worthy performance. She then took the bottle to the kitchen, fumbled the cap off, and dumped one of the pills into her sweating palm. She stared at it. What if she swallowed it and got bad side effects? What if it was just a placebo and nothing happened? What if it didn't work? Yeah, but what if it did? She quickly ran a glass of water and downed the pill before her doubts could reassert themselves. She returned to the living room and sat in the recliner to wait. Minutes into Gone With the Wind, she jumped up out of the chair and rushed to the bathroom.
By her calculations, she should have already lost weight. Coaly used a foot to slip the dust-covered scale out from beneath the pedestal sink and stood on it. The digital readout went from zero to three-sixty-two in one point two seconds and fluctuated back and forth a few pounds. When it settled, she gazed into the mirror hanging above the sink with a disappointed look on her face. Damn it! Damn it all to hell! It was even worse than she'd thought. Now she felt even more desperate than before. If Lickety Split couldn't help her, she was doomed.
Coaly returned to the recliner and tried to block the cravings for a snack, or a snacky wacky, as she liked to call them, by concentrating on Rhett's and Scarlett's love/hate relationship. By the time the movie ended, Coaly was asleep in the chair, snoring and engaged in a dream where a village of little people, wearing bibs and armed with knives and forks, where chasing her. She wore a sweatshirt that had the words Big Ham emblazoned on it. She eventually made it to a mansion in the center of a huge plantation. She ran inside and placed one foot on the lowest rung of a sweeping staircase when one of the little people caught up to her and jabbed the tines of a fork into her leg. She snorted and woke up. She shook her head at her subconscious's ability to twist her battle with weight loss and a classic movie into a nightmare.
She glanced at the clock and realized hours had passed. She rose out of the chair and trundled back to the bathroom in anticipation. When she got there and turned on the light, Coaly noticed a change without setting foot on the scale. She stared at her reflection in the mirror at the thin pink line in the middle of her forehead that crept from her hairline down to her eyebrows. One of the side effect symptoms was a rash. Nothing to worry about. It wasn't too noticeable. And, didn't Mister Simon say the side effects were temporary? She stepped on the scale. What the hell? She'd gained a pound. She stepped off the scale and kicked it back beneath the sink.
She stomped back to the living room with the intention of calling Lickety Split to return her recent purchase and get a refund, but decided to wait. Give it a chance, she thought. Her stomp faded into a march that took her through the living room and into the kitchen where she foraged for a meal. For some reason her appetite had grown. Her stomach growled. Eat all you want and still lose weight, they'd said. She hummed the tune of the Lickety Split jingle.
With a plate of cold cuts piled high, she returned to the living room and sat in the recliner. She flipped through the channels and paused when she came across another Lickety Split infomercial. She dropped the remote and got caught up in the same uplifting hopeful message she had felt the first time when she'd placed her order while she absent-mindedly polished off the entire plate of meat and started on the bag of chocolate she had stashed in the side pocket of the recliner. She might not have lost any weight yet, but she was certainly feeling lighter. The program ended with her feeling comfortable with her purchase. She noticed it was nearing ten-thirty, so she'd take another pill, hop in bed, and snuggle with a hot romance novel. She liked the character, Jake Evens, in the Harlequin she was reading now. She'd read it before, but reading it again was like rekindling a romance with a long lost love. She picked up the herbal medicine, popped one in her mouth, and chased it down with a mouthful of water from a glass that had been sitting there a few days. She hated the taste of stale water even though it didn't make any sense that water could get stale.
Coaly hopped up out of the chair, raced to the bathroom, and climbed on the scale. The digital readout soared to her now established weight. She hadn't lost a pound. Furious, she looked at her reflection and gasped. The line in the middle of her forehead was still there, only it was a little wider and had spread like a creeping vine down to her chin. It began to itch. She scratched it with the tip of a nail, but that only made it burn. If she ever saw Mr. Simon again, she'd wring his skinny neck like a chicken. It was bad enough that she was fat, but now she had this thick, pink line down the middle of her face. She looked like one of those funky alien types on an episode of Star Trek. Not the original, but Voyager. She would for sure be turning heads now.
She thought about driving herself to the emergency room. But, she couldn't do that. She'd have to explain the diet pills and a lot of other things that she didn't want other people to know. She heard her mother's voice: They're all going to laugh at you! along with lines from the infomercial, You've got nothing to lose but unwanted fat, Lickety Split, order yours today! Put some pep, pep, pep in your step, step, step, as a convoluted chorus in her head.
"Shut up." Coaly clamped her hands over her ears, "Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!" She straightened up and said to her reflection, "You're just going to have to suck it up, Buttercup."
She climbed into bed, bypassed her nightly adventures with Jake, and closed her eyes. Visions played through her mind like a slideshow. Images of her trying to pass off the pink line down her face as an injury from an accident kept coming up. That could work. After all, hadn't she thought that about the line down Mister Simon's face? But, her mind wasn't content with just dwelling on that topic. It was ruthless in throwing everything from current events at her to dredging up ancient history until she could not stand it another minute. She got up and took a double dose of sleeping pills. The night eventually became a dark pit of dreamless sleep and it only seemed like moments passed before she opened her eyes and gazed at the sun coming through the partially opened blinds like glowing slices of lemon. Coaly shook off of what remained of the night's slumber and sat up. She stretched and let out a yawn. She felt better, better than she had in a long time. It might be nothing more than optimism that would be short lived, but still, she hoped and climbed out of bed.
She made a beeline to the bathroom, left the light off, ignored the scale and mirror, did her business, and got out of there quick. Ravenous, she headed for the kitchen, glad she had stocked up on food only a few days ago. She grabbed a bagel and popped it into the toaster. Reached in the fridge and got the cream cheese, placing it on the counter. There would be plenty of food for the entire week without having to go to the market. She dreaded the idea of going out at all with a pink stripe down the middle of her face. She closed her eyes. She hoped it was gone. Just in case it was, she reached up to touch it. Instead of the raised place, it was now a dent. It was shallow, but definitely a depression.
She forgot about the bagel and made a mad dash to the bathroom afraid of what she'd see in the mirror. She flipped on the light and stopped dead in her tracks. The red puffy line was now a trough, and it had traveled down her throat and past the collar of her gown. She ripped off her nightgown and stared down in fascinated horror. The line divided her body into halves from the top of her head to her crotch. Naked as a jaybird, she fled the sight and raced back to the living room where she'd tossed Mr. Simon's card on the lamp stand. She snatched it up and dialed the number. When the voice said hello, she blurted out, "Mister Simon. I mean, what the hell?!"
"Excuse me?" he asked.
"There's something weird going on. You've got to get over here right now."
"Who is this?"
"It's Coaly Banks! Who the hell do you think it is?"
"Ahhhhh, Miss Banks, how are you?"
"I've got a big line down the middle of my body! How do you think I am?!"
"Beautiful," he replied.
"Beautiful? Didn't you hear what I said?! There's a thick, pink line running down my body. I mean, what the hell?"
"It's the means to an end."
That didn't make a whole lot of sense. Was she going to be scarred for life? "What do you mean?" she asked.
"It's part of the process and it's temporary. It'll fade over time. Mine is hardly noticeable," he replied. "So, just calm down; it's a natural part of the process. I assure you that it's quite normal."
"Normal? I can assure you that this isn't normal! Come pick up your pills and give me my money back."
She could almost see him shaking his head before he replied.
"I can't do that," he said. "It would stop the process and you'd remain like you are right now. You wouldn't want that, would you?"
"Your frickin' commercial says your product comes with a money back guarantee."
"That's true," he said. "But that's only if you complete the course of pills and it doesn't work. But again, I can assure you that it always works. However, it is imperative you take all the pills or the current effect will remain permanent."
"You didn't tell me about this," she shouted.
"You didn't ask, and please lower your voice."
"What am I suppose to do?"
"Finish the bottle and call me in the morning." Mr. Simon replied.
Her mind raced out of control. There was a hush at the other end of the line. "Hello? Mister Simon?"
No answer.
"Damn it!" She hung up. There was nothing left to do but finish what she'd started. Or else, walk around the rest of her life looking like Humpty Dumpty. She rambled back to the living room and picked up the bottle, dumped a pill into her open palm and tossed it into her mouth. She took another swig of the old water, swallowed, and shuddered. It tasted staler than it did the night before, even though she knew how impossible that was.
She flopped down into the recliner. The impact sent tiny particles of dust flying into the air where they swam in a shaft of light slipping through the part in the blackout curtains. She began to feel sick. She had the chills and was certain a fever was coming on. Maybe she should sleep through whatever was going to happen next. After taking a few more sleeping pills, Coaly returned to the bedroom, crawled into bed, and pulled the covers over her head.
When she woke up, the room was dark. Coaly still had the chills and felt bile rising from her churning stomach. She'd never felt this sick in her entire life. She was going to vomit. She rushed to the bathroom and kneeled at the toilet just as a gusher came out of her mouth. Coaly waited until her stomach settled before rising on shaky legs and wobbling over to the pedestal sink. She avoided turning on the light and looking into the mirror. She was afraid her image would reflect a monstrosity to match her physical ailment. She had to force herself to complete the process. She managed enough strength to walk back to the lamp stand and take the last pill, and then she flopped back into bed.
Sometime during the night, her fever broke. A storm rolled in bringing bolts of lightning, loud thunder, and rain drumming against the windowpanes. She woke again, and amazingly, she felt better. The nausea was gone. However, when she tried to sit up, she couldn't move. Suddenly, she had this horrible thought that she was paralyzed. Wouldn't that be ironic: to finally be svelte but confined to a wheelchair?
No way in hell she was going to settle for that. She began to thrust and squirm and fight against the oppressive weight holding her down. Suddenly, there was a ripping sound as a searing hot pain shot from her groin up the center of her body. She screamed and passed out.
Coaly came to. She was lying on the floor next to the bed in a puddle of clear goop. She was weak, but with some effort, she climbed to her feet hoping that the ordeal was over.
With blurred vision, she made her way back to the bathroom and stood at the mirror peering at the fuzzy blob. She turned on the water and vigorously scrubbed the goo from her face. Afraid of what she might see once she looked, she peeked in the mirror with one eye. And almost fainted.
"Woooo hooooooo!" Coaly raised her hands above her head and twirled around. When she stopped spinning, she scanned her body, turning this way and that, with approval. She couldn't believe what she was seeing. She always knew she had a centerfold model's body trapped inside. Her face was thinner and more defined. Mister Simon was right. She was beautiful. Except for that pink line running right down the center of her. It tarnished the whole effect and wouldn't work at all. It was like getting all dolled up, then getting a run in your pantyhose. No, this line had better be temporary. Oh well, if not, who cared, she was in the skinny chick club now and that was all that mattered. She cracked a smile. She could cover the line with makeup and clothes. Oh yeah! Clothes! But wait! First, she needed a shower and to wash off the remaining slime. "Lickety Split!" she yelled as she jumped into the bathtub and yanked the curtains closed. Minutes later, what was left of the residue sluiced down the drain. She jumped out, toweled off, and rushed back to the bedroom and peered into the closet. There were striped tents, polka dot tents, all kinds of patterned tents, and with one shove, she pushed them all aside. And, there it was. The little black dress.
She'd bought it in January, not on a whim, but as a new year's promise that this year she'd lose enough weight to fit inside the slinky size six. She grabbed it off the rod, realizing that this was October and she'd met that goal with two months to spare. She looked the dress over and smiled thinking how hot she was going to look New Year's Eve. Yep, she was going to be a real heartbreaker. She might even break a few of the skinny chick's hearts at the health club. She took it off the wooden hanger and took a deep breath. This was the moment of truth.
Coaly stepped inside the dress and wiggled it up over her hips. It was snug, but doable. She slipped her hands and arms through the armholes and pulled the shoulders up into place. Wow! She'd actually done it. Coaly stood there silently, basking in the moment, closed her eyes, and gave herself a hug. The full-length mirror was attached to the backside of her bedroom door to keep the visual reminder of all the rolls and bulges hidden from herself for years. Exuberant, she march over to the door and swung it closed. Hot damn, she looked good! She stood up on hers toes, turned to the left, turned to the right, and let out a squeal as she spun around and faced the bed. Her eyes rounded out in fear as she clapped a hand over her heart and screamed out, "OH—MY—GOD!" This couldn't be real. It had to be a trick, or a hallucination created by the pills. Slowly, with her heart beating wildly inside her chest, Coaly crept forward. She screamed. Long after the shriek was gone, Coaly still stood in the same spot staring wild-eyed at the naked person lying in her bed. At last, she half whispered, "Hello?" Instantly, she felt stupid. It wasn't like she had been trying to be quiet before now.
The person remained immobile.
"Excuse me," she said, a tad louder this time. You'll have to be braver than that, she told herself. But sensible the voice of reason said. Coaly slinked backwards to the closet and scrabbled around for something to use as a weapon. She didn't own a gun, but now she wished she had one. Aha, at last she found something. With a bowling ball in hand, Coaly crept to the side of the mattress. Slowly, she leaned over the body, and shrank back as she dropped the ball and stepped away from the bed. This was impossible, wasn't it? She covered her mouth with her hand and eased closer to the body again. It was her, well the fat her, lying there as if asleep. But, there were no signs of life and the eyes were stuck at half mast. What had been the pink trench down the center of her body was now fused back together leaving a deep pink scar. A clear, gel-like substance was drying out in odd patterns along the flanks. Coaly ran from the room.
She'd left her phone on the lamp stand and knocked it to the floor when she made a grab for it. Frantic, she reached down hoping she hadn't cracked the screen. She sighed in relief when she found it intact and dialed. The representative from Lickety Split answered.
"Mister Simon, I mean, what the hell?"
"Ah, Miss Banks, how are you?"
"How the hell do you think I am? There's a dead body in my bed. My dead body!"
"Please calm down, Miss Banks. This was all covered in the contract."
"I'm sure I would have noticed any reference to a dead body in there." Damn it! Why hadn't she taken the time to read that contract?
"It's not a dead body per se."
"Excuse me." There was fire in her tone. "I know a dead body when I see one. And that body is definitely dead."
"No, no, you don't understand. We here at Lickety Split use the term deadweight. The term is associated with carrying an inert person or thing, or metaphorically, it means carrying a heavy burden."
She knew what the term meant. But, what significance did that have on her current situation?
"Everything," he said.
It was like he was reading her mind. "What?"
"The deadweight is part of the old you. It's those extra pounds, the burden of guilt, low self-esteem, and doubt that you've been dragging around all these years that caused you to binge."
"Oh."
"Miss Banks?"
"Yes?"
"You're free of all that now."
She didn't know what to say other than, "Thank you. Bye." Feeling more than a little disconcerted, she was about to hang up, but the realization of the immediate situation zinged back into her head. "Mister Simon?" she frantically shouted hoping that he was still there.
"Yes, Miss Banks?"
She breathed a sigh of relief. "What about the bod...the deadweight?"
"What about it?"
"I mean, aren't you guys going to come back here and pick it or something?" her tone was hopeful.
"No." He left her hanging for a few seconds. Long enough for fear to creep up inside her, coil itself around her chest, and squeeze. "The deadweight, as described in section two of your contract, is your responsibility to dispose of."
"What am I suppose to do with it?"
Mr. Simon huffed. "It's all outlined in the contract, and in it, you'll also find the location of the nearest designated disposal site."
"Disposal site?"
"Yes. It's the same place that the others in your area take their deadweight."
"The others?"
"You'd better hurry, Miss Banks, you only have a limited amount of time."
"What happens then?"
"It's in your contract. Have a nice day!" He hung up.
"Mister Simon?" Dead air. "Damn it!" She slammed the phone down on the table. Why hadn't she read the contract? Knowing about this complication may have changed her mind about the whole thing. She ran her hands down her sides, reveling in the new contours of her body. She shook her head. No, it wouldn't have changed a thing. With the fire back inside her, she gave the situation some thought.
She should call the police, that's what she should do, and bust the whole thing wide open and clear herself of any wrong doing. After all, she would be keeping others from being roped into the same scam. She picked up the phone. But how the hell could she explain all this without being locked up for sure; either in prison or in a nuthouse. She certainly didn't want to deny herself her newfound freedom, now did she? Hell no. She'd have to take care of this herself. Suddenly, she saw the logic in it. If the dead body was really just a part of her, then no one was going to turn in a missing person report. All she had to do was dispose of the carcass. She tossed the phone onto the lamp stand. Right into a half full can of soda that pirouetted before falling over. She watched as the dark, syrupy liquid cascaded into an amber pool right on the contract.
What the HELL! She snatched the document up and raced for the sink. She tilted it down a let the excess run off, grabbed the sponge, and began dabbing and swiping as fast as she could. The ink was starting to run. "Ohhhhhhhh," she cried as she tried to lift the first page and it tore. Easy. Easy. Coaly gleaned through the pages like they were an ancient artifact that could crumble to dust at any moment. She spotted the keyword, disposal time. Fours hours after waking. She strained to remember what time she'd roused from her sleep. Was it eight? Maybe eighty thirty. No. Closer to nine. "Ohhhhhh, I don't know," she cried out. What would happen after four hours? The rest of the paragraph was a blob of black ink. The only saving grace that came from this fiasco was the name of the disposal site.
The Atchafalaya Swamp! She'd recently read in the paper that there was an unprecedented amount of unidentified bodies being discovered there. One of the local sheriffs had claimed there was more dead bodies at the bottom than you could shake a stick at and that it would take years to recover them all. The homicide department was under the perception that they were desperately searching for a lone serial killer before he or she could strike again. Added to the mystery, was the baffling forensic findings that the prints of the few victims that were actually readable, matched those of people still living. She shook her head. They didn't know the half of it. The place had to be swarming with cops and could be like walking into a nest of angry hornets. Now she wished that she'd read the contract earlier and questioned Mr. Simon about these things. But the conditions of the contract are only broken if she were caught breaking them. Right? She could take the body someplace else. She knew of a few secluded places. Besides herself, who would know? What had she gotten herself into? Were they watching her? Maybe during the metamorphosis a biotracking chip had been implanted inside her. She could only speculate on the answers since the damn contract was now unreadable. Even if she was caught in a breach of contract, at this point, let them prosecute her. Prosecution? What were they going to do, take her to court? Not likely.
As it was, she had already wasted a significant amount of time and the clock was still ticking. She hoped the Lickety Split company had somehow safely paved her route to the Atchafalaya.
The swamp was only a two-hour drive, and there were miles and miles of secluded roads she could choose from. Her Volvo was parked inside the garage and the door was down. All she'd have to do is wrap her deadweight in a sheet, load it in the trunk, make the drive, dump the body, and get on with her life. Perfect.
She returned to the bedroom. She stood staring down at her old self and she got angry. Coaly lashed out and slapped one of the fat cheeks. "Fat ass! You've ruined my life. I'm glad you're gone. And I'm going to make sure that you never come back." She took the sheet and spread it out on the bed next to the body. She wrestled with it and finally got it rolled over onto the sheet. She grabbed the corners below the feet, began tugging and pulling with all her might, until it landed heavily on the floor. She spent a good hour heaving it along the floor in five-foot increments and finally made it to the back of her car.
Coaly stooped and placed a hand under each armpit of the deadweight and let out a groan as she tugged. The effort was like strapping a bottle rocket onto a space shuttle in hopes that it would lift the massive object into the stratosphere. Now red-faced and out of breath, she released her grip and paused to catch her breath and give this situation another think.
She looked around the garage for anything that might assist her. The company she worked for used conveyer belts to move the product from point A to point B for packaging. AHA! There, next to the dryer, camouflaged with hanging clothes, was her treadmill. She'd bought the thing last January as part of her New Year's resolution and used it for two weeks before it became an expensive clothes rack. She raced over to it and picked the hangers off until the apparatus was uncovered.
Thank God, it had wheels. She rolled it over to the trunk of her car. Coaly lifted the base of the treadmill onto the bumper. With it securely in place, she wrestled the deadweight up into a sitting position propped against the belt in between the bars. She took a few moments to catch her breath before turning the thing on.
Nothing.
Duh! You have to plug it in for it to work. She quickly found the end of the power cord. Way too short. She needed an extension cord, but knew she didn't have one. Her eyes lit up. Mr. Harvey probably had one. He was the kindly, old gentleman next door who often stopped by to see if there was anything that needed fixing. He lived alone, a widower, and definitely old school on how to treat women. More than likely he was home, he almost always was since he retired. Oh wait! He was retired from the police force as a detective working homicide. If she asked him, he'd probably insist on coming over to help. She could see it now. Mister Harvey, do you have an extension cord I can borrow? What's that? Oh, no. I can take care of it myself. Besides that, she had seen Mr. Harvey just yesterday, and yesterday she had been really fat. Hell, he might not even recognize her. He'd be suspicious and tenacious. She was certain he still had connections down at the station and he'd make a phone call. She didn't have to play out the rest of the scenario in her head. "No! No! No!" That wouldn't work at all. She'd have to think of something else. Think, think, think!
Christmas lights!
There were strings of the things in a box on the shelf above the washer. She raced over, grabbed the box, and placed it on the floor. Within seconds, she had a strand and was working through the knots, while cursing herself for not taking the time to wind them up properly after Christmas. At last, she unraveled the remaining knot and plugged the prongs into the wall socket. One-hundred twinkling lights did as they promised. She grabbed the other end and raced back over to the treadmill. She fitted two of the prongs into the receptacle, leaving the ground post exposed, and flipped on the machine. She hadn't bothered to check the speed setting. It must have been at the fastest pace, because Deadweight Coaly popped up through the frame like a jack-in-the-box. The momentum only lasted for a second before the deadweight buckled at the waist and knees and fell on top of her.
Muttering curses while she climbed out from underneath, Coaly managed to get to her feet and dial down the spinning belt from the impossible pace of fifteen miles an hour to the nice, slow speed of two. I mean really, someone would have to be as fast as a gazelle to run at that stride.
Coaly managed to prop the deadweight against the slow moving belt and this time it worked like she planned. The belt conveyed the body to the top and dumped it over the edge into the trunk. The back-end of the car bounced and settled. With that task out of the way, Coaly hoisted the treadmill down, moved it back to its spot next to the dryer, came back, and slammed the trunk lid shut.
She raised the garage door and then backed the Volvo out onto the street, grateful that no one was out and about to see her driving away. One of her nosy neighbors might read a look of a guilty conscience on her face. She calmed herself with the fact that she really hadn't done anything wrong. Then she sped up, headed straight for Louisiana.
Overhead, dark clouds were cramming the sky with the threat of rain, and by the time she had crossed the Louisiana State Line and merged upon I-10 eastbound, it began to drizzle. She tried her best to put the thought of the deadweight in the trunk out of her mind and popped in her favorite CD. She angled the rearview mirror down and spent the last hour and a half glancing at herself as she rocked out to Pink while ignoring the pink line marring her new look. Suddenly, there was a wall of taillights in front of her. She hit the brakes and peered past the wiper blades at the idle cars spread out in front of her. Her heart jumped up inside her throat. Ahead, red and blue lights flickered.
Cruisers, with lights flashing, were parked one after the other forming a V, forcing the traffic to bottleneck to just one lane. Two state troopers, dressed in caution-yellow raingear, stood on either side of the opening stopping each car and conducting a quick search. Panic welled up inside her when she saw the car at the front of the line pop the trunk open. "Idiots," she yelled. "Why now?" After her outburst, she looked around to see if anyone had heard her, but it was hard to see past rain splattered windshields and fogged glass. Satisfied that her sudden flare-up had been unnoticed, she settled back in her seat trying to figure out what to do. She looked in her rearview, cars were piling up behind her, and so she couldn't turn around. Even if she could, she would be headed the wrong way down the eastbound lanes. She just had to play it cool and not arouse suspicion. It was as if one of the officers was reading her mind, because he looked up about that time, and peered down the line of cars and she felt like he was looking straight at her. She slid down into her seat. She watched as car after car was subjected to the search until she was next in line. She placed her hand on the door handle, ready to jump out and run. But then what? There was no place to run. No place to hide. What would be the use? As the car in front of her pulled away, one of the troopers motioned her forward with the sweep of his hand. Coaly was trapped. Not knowing what to do, she sat there trying to conjure up a surefire plan that would get her off the hook. In an effort to heighten her senses, she squeezed her eyes shut. Come on, think, think.
She silenced Pink with a push of a button and the stereo automatically went into radio mode, did a quick search, and settled on a local channel casting a news bulletin. The female voice bleeding through the speakers talked about a rash of dead bodies found in the Atchafalaya Swamp and the possibility of a serial killer on the loose.
A rap on the window caused her to flinch and her eyes to fly open. Her heart leapt into her throat. The trooper stared at her through the glass with a no-nonsense look in his eyes. She quickly pressed the button to lower the window. "You about made me jump out of my skin!" Jump out of her skin, she thought. She'd already done that. Literally. The play on words sent her into a fit of nervous giggling. "What's the trouble officer?" she asked through a stream of chuckles. She clapped her hand over her mouth and her eyes welled with tears with the effort to quell the irrational response. I must be losing my mind. She ran her hands over her face to wipe the salty liquid from her cheeks. She looked up at the officer.
The rain was coming down pretty hard now and was quickly collecting on the brim of his hat, so that when he tilted his head down to speak to her, it caused the water to eddy forward and spill off the front in a wide column that split the view of his face in half. "Is everything okay, Miss?" His polite tone did not match the probing way his eyes searched hers.
She had a body in the trunk of her car. Why wouldn't everything be okay? "Fine," she replied. "Everything is fine." Coaly fought to get the nervous laughter under control.
"May I see your license, please?" he asked.
"What's going on?"
The trooper leaned down and looked her in the eyes. "I'll need to see your ID."
She quickly twisted to the right and grabbed her purse riding shotgun in the passenger seat. Coaly clumsily dug through the contents, found it, and snagged it from the jumble. She handed it through the open window to him.
He plucked it from her fingers. First he looked at the picture and then at her. He did this several times before his eyes settled on hers. "Miss Banks."
"Yes." She shivered. Maybe it was from the rain or maybe from the fear of what was going to come. She squeezed the lids of her eyes shut and readied herself for the impact of bad news.
She opened her eyes to see him tapping the screen of an iPhone. He nodded briefly, placed the phone back into his pocket, and handed her license back to her. "If you'll pop your trunk—"
A streak of fear shot through her along with an idea. "The latch is broken." She forced a smile that looked more like a grimace.
"Why don't you just try it for me?"
She looked straight ahead. The coast was clear. She could floor the gas pedal, but doubted that her four-banger would make it very far before a fleet of souped-up police cruisers caught up to her. She looked back up at him. She could play the victim card by stepping out and popping the trunk, feigning surprise that there was a dead body concealed in the back. But, officer, I have no idea how it got there. She was cute as hell now and she could play it up and get away with it.
He repeated the command to open the trunk adding steel to his voice.
"Sure," said Coaly. Slowly, she reached down to the floorboard between the driver's seat and the door for the lever that would trigger the release. A dreadful thought entered her head. She replayed the deadweight popping up like the jack-in-the-box when she had turned on the treadmill. But, there was nothing back there to make Fat Coaly pop up. Nonetheless, her heart pounded as she curled her finger under the lever. The moment before she pulled it, one of the other officers called out.
The trooper turned around.
"Get over here," the other officer yelled. There was urgency in his voice.
"Please wait here." He turned and walked away. Thank Gawd! She'd been granted some time to hatch a plot that would get her out of this mess. After minutes of straining her brain, she had it! The other officers were milling around aimlessly like ants, and being the amateur entomologist that she was, Coaly knew that ants worked together as a unit using a collective consciousness or intelligence. Maybe the officers worked like that too and were focused as one on some other issue and she could just drive slowly away. She cracked a crooked smile, rolled up the window, and shifted the car into drive.
She'd only inched her way a few yards when the repeated fire of knuckles rapped against her window. Coaly jumped and stamped her foot on the brake. She turned her head. The trooper she had spoken with a few minutes ago was now staring at her through the rain-speckled glass with a what the hell expression pasted on his face. She rolled the window down.
"Where do you think you're going?" he asked.
"Oh, I thought you said I could go." She feigned innocence.
He shook his head. "I told you to stay put. Now shut off the engine and pop the trunk."
She was busted, big time. But, hey, on the bright side, she was going to look great in that orange jumper. She might even get a tattoo. "Okay." She did as she was told, and her heart skipped a beat when the latch released with a pop. "What do you know: it worked!" She watched in the rearview as the trunk lid floated up and came to a rest. With her heart thumping wildly in her chest, she watched the trooper walk to the back of the car. This was it, she was doomed. She may as well hang both hands out through the open window and let him cuff her wrists. The car shook with a bang when he closed the trunk and she sank in fear as he walked back to her window. She squeezed her eyes shut tight.
"You can go."
Surely she hadn't heard that right. She opened her eyes. "What'd you say?"
"I said, you can go." He motioned her on with a wave of his hand.
What the hell? She rolled her window up, started the car, put it drive, and pulled slowly away while trying to figure out why the state trooper was letting her go. I mean, what the hell? He must have seen the body in the trunk. He'd have to be blind not to have seen it. Maybe she was suffering from a massive hallucination. Or, maybe she had woke up from a bad dream and hopped in her car thinking there was a body in the trunk. Could that be a side effect from the pills no one knew about? She looked in the rearview. A skinny-faced Coaly stared back. Or maybe she was still sleeping and the whole thing was nothing more than a bad dream.
A mile down the road, she pulled over onto the shoulder, popped the trunk, and got out of her car. She walked around the back fearing that Deadweight Coaly was still there and then feared that she wasn't. She lifted the lid and peered down.
The fat girl stared sightlessly up at her. This only added to the confusion. She slammed the lid down and got back into her car. She drove away determined to get rid of the body before anything else could happen.
It was still raining when she took the exit onto the feeder and turned down a dirt road that was now mud. No one with any sense would venture down this road in a sedan. She shrugged and continued on, reasoning that it would help with her alibi if she ever needed one. The tires slipped and she went into a slide, but was able to gain control. The rain was easing off and Coaly could see the swamp. Cypress trees rose out of the dark water with tendrils of moss hanging limply from their limbs. Cypress knees jutted sporadically throughout the marsh. An alligator was parked precariously on the bank and as she drove past, it dove in with a splash. My God, that thing was the size of a dinosaur. Now, she could see why Lickety Split had her bring the deadweight out here. It would provide a tasty snack for Mr. Gator and also invoke the no body no murder rule. But she wasn't about to go near the edge with that monster lurking nearby. She drove a little further.
She spotted a pirogue; a small boat hollowed out and shaped from a single log. As she got closer, she could see that it came with a paddle. Well, this looked promising. She pulled over and got out, looking to see if there may be a house nearby or another source for the little boat. There was no sign of human habitation in any direction. She pulled the trunk release and lifted the lid. Now what? At home, she'd had the assistance of the treadmill to load the body, but here, she had nothing. It would be impossible for her to wrangle the body out of the trunk by herself, much less drag it over to the pirogue. She looked at her watch. There wasn't much time left. She'd have to get creative. She thought about movies she'd seen and books she'd read; trying to think of what might work in this situation.
A few seconds later, she hopped back in her car and drove about forty yards before she came to a stop. Coaly shoved the gearshift into reverse, checked her rearview, and then she floored the gas pedal. A few yards shy of driving off into the murky water, she slammed on the brakes. The car slid to a stop.
She jumped out and hurried to the back, and much to her disappointment, Deadweight Coaly still resided there. The lip of the trunk had kept the dead girl from being flung out and deposited into the boat as she had planned. Coaly would have to think of something else. Suddenly, she had another idea.
She remembered seeing a broken sheet of plywood in the tall marsh grass growing on the side of the road. She could use it as leverage by placing one end down into the trunk and propping the other end up on the open lip. On foot, she hurried to the spot where she'd seen it. It wasn't far. This was the first time in her life she was thankful for people who dumped their trash in remote areas. It took some doing to liberate it from the muck, but at last, she worked it free. Her shoes were caked with mud, so she kicked them off. The wood was waterlogged, but she managed to drag it back to her car. Coaly heaved one edge of the sheet up to the trunk. It was heavy and the slime-coated wood made it hard to grip. There seemed to be no end to her challenges. She looked down. The deadweight was gone. "Oh my!" She looked around. Nothing. There was no sign of the deadweight. This was impossible. Wasn't it? She went back through the hallucination/dream scenario ritual again. Well, if there was no body, then her problem was solved! She could just get back in her car and head for home. Well, maybe she'd stop at the mall. She needed some new clothes. Yes, now she was free!
Coaly pushed the plywood off her car, slammed the trunk closed, and headed around the side of the car. Deadweight Girl was leaning against the hood facing away from her. Oh crap! Was her old self a zombie now? Was she/it waiting for Coaly's curiosity to get the better of her, and when she crept closer, the deadweight would spring on her and do something horrible, like eat her? Now what the hell was she going to do? Panic stricken, Coaly opened the driver's door. She'd run over her, that's what she'd do. But that would be murder, murder in the first degree. It would never hold up in court. Killing yourself isn't murder, it's suicide. Wasn't it? The ramifications boggled her mind. Just do it, she told herself and climbed into the car. As she started the engine, the naked deadweight slowly rose into a full standing position, turned, and stared at Skinny Chick Coaly through the windshield with puppy dog eyes.
"Get out of the way or I'll—!" Coaly revved the engine and gripped the shifter ready to throw it into gear. It couldn't be any worse than running over a wild animal, could it? Or, she could shove it into reverse and leave fat, naked Coaly here to die by the ravages of the elements. I mean, what was Fat Coaly going to do? Walk out of here? Coaly looked back into the fat girl's eyes and thought she probably had the IQ of a turnip, which led her to the conclusion that the deadweight couldn't fathom what was about to happen either way. Just the same, Skinny Coaly didn't have the heart to run over the pathetic thing. She shoved the gearshift into reverse. The sight in her rearview made her jump.
Flickering lights reflected off the glass. The cruiser came to a standstill behind her car, blocking her in. Deadweight Coaly watched stupidly as the officer stepped out of his car.
Coaly continued to watch in her side mirror as he approached her window. It was the same officer at the roadblock on I-10, the same officer that had let her go. Maybe he was playing some kind of cat and mouse game with her.
The trooper rapped his knuckles against the glass. With a push of a button, she rolled it down and looked up at the straight-faced cop. It was then that she noticed it; the thin, pink line. Earlier, during their first encounter, it had been raining and the water funneling off the front of his hat had eclipsed the line in the center of his face.
His smile grew broader and he broke out into the Lickety Split jingle. When he finished, he nodded his head at the deadweight and said, "I see that you didn't dispose of it in time."
She shook her head.
"It happens," he said and pulled his revolver. "But, I can take care of the problem."
"What are you going to do?" she asked. Her eyes were filled with terror because she wasn't sure if he was referring to her or Fat Coaly as the problem.
"Put it out of its misery," he answered. "Or put it out of your misery, whichever way you want to look at it."
She was almost relieved, except, that to him; this whole thing was as easy as shooting a rabid dog. But, to her, it wasn't a rabid dog, it was a part of her, a big piece of who she was, or had been.
He aimed the gun at the fat girl.
The deadweight didn't react at all. It was more like a baby. A big baby. It was all the hurt parts of her stuffed into one big sausage casing. All these years, Coaly had hated that part of herself and always plotted ways to expel it from her being. But now that she saw the truth standing in front of her. Coaly suddenly had compassion for the fat girl. "Stop!" Coaly sprang from the car.
The trooper lowered his gun. His smile disintegrated. "What's the matter?"
"You can't shoot her."
"Why not?" When she didn't answer, he raised the weapon long enough to wag the open bore at Fat Coaly and said, "If I don't do it, you'll get sucked back in."
"What do you mean?"
"I mean that in about less than a minute you two are going to be united in holy matrimony until death do you part. Do you really want to look like that again?"
She looked down at herself. This was the body that she'd always dreamed of having, and soon, if she didn't let him dispose of the deadweight, she was going to be her old self again. "No."
"By the look in your eyes, I can see that you're giving in already, and if I don't take care of it now, it's going to be too late." He raised the revolver and pointed it at the deadweight.
"Wait!"
He lowered the weapon and with a look of exasperation, he asked, "What now?"
"But you're a cop. Cops don't shoot innocent people."
"She—it, is not innocent. It's guilty of causing you a lifetime of grief," he shot back. "And, I'm not a cop."
"But you were back there checking people's trunks. If you're not a trooper then what are you?"
"I work for Lickety Split as an enforcer." He grabbed the lapel of his jacket and turned out the button pinned to the inside. "See." He released his lapel and the button turned back in. "Enforcers make sure that customers get rid of their deadweight in a timely manner. And when they don't, we step in and finish the job. There are dump sites all across the country and we set up the checkpoints as a way to keep the process under wraps." He raised his gun again.
Fat Coaly stared back emotionlessly.
"Wait!"
The enforcer lowered his gun. "Miss Banks, you're really starting to bug me."
"Isn't there some other way?"
"'Fraid not." He raised the revolver, and this time, he cocked the hammer back.
Fat Coaly continued to stare like a lost puppy dog, unaware of what was about to happen.
Skinny Coaly lunged for the gun and they became a tangle of flailing arms and dancing legs as she tried to wrestle the weapon away from the enforcer, but he proved to be too strong. The gun was slipping from her fingers. In a last ditch effort to thwart the man's plan, Coaly bit into the flesh on the back of his hand. He let out a scream followed by a string of curse words. He held on tight, but Coaly hoped that maybe the assault had made him loosen his hold and tried again to pull the gun from his grip. It did more than that. The revolver plummeted to the ground. Despite her knowing that guns don't go off when they hit the ground except in Hollywood movies, it went off with an ear-splitting bang.
She heard the shot, felt the percussion, and saw the spot of blood rapidly expanding. The terror in the enforcer's eyes spread across his face as he slowly sank to the road and collapsed. What were the chances of it going off and hitting him? Probably a zillion to one. She watched in horror as he bled out, the light in his eyes winked out, and the expression on his face went blank. She nudged him with her foot. He didn't budge. She kneeled and felt for a pulse. There wasn't one. She popped back up and stared Fat Coaly in the eyes. "Now what are we going to do?"
Fat Coaly stared back like a goldfish looking out through the glass. Her mouth opened and closed, much like a guppy trying to breathe out of water. Who knows? Maybe she was trying to form words. "You're right; we need to get rid of the gun."
Why didn't I think of that? Oh, I guess maybe I did, technically.
She reached down, grabbed the weapon by the handle, and flung it as far as she could out into the swamp. Suddenly, Skinny Coaly felt something strange. It started with a tickle on her toes. She looked down. Tendrils from Fat Coaly's toes had stretched out like long worms and attached themselves to her own toes. They had teeth and bit into the soft flesh of her skin. "Owwwwww!" she yelled and tried to jump back, but the tendrils had her tethered. Much to her horror, Coaly felt the wigglers work their way inside.
Everything from there happened quickly. Fat Coaly began to shrivel and collapse in on herself, like a rotting banana recorded by time lapse photography. Coaly felt herself swell like a water balloon, her clothes ripped along the seams, and she burst out of the skinny size six dress much like Dr. Banner had ripped out of his when he changed into the Incredible Hulk. Less than a minute later, the transformation was complete. Suddenly, she felt dizzy. And like a massive oak being chopped down, Coaly fell over backwards and smacked hard against the ground.
A new bumper of rain clouds was sailing in from the South, jamming together, creating a thunderhead above her while she was flat on her back staring up at them. A few large drops of rain pelted her on the head. She tried to sit up, but had to wallow back and forth to get enough momentum to heave herself into an upright position. She let out a groan as she sat up, and then labored under her enormous weight to climb back to her feet. The task left her huffing and puffing. She stared down at the enforcer. Now, she was faced with getting rid of his body.
Still naked as a jaybird, Coaly grabbed the dead man by his wrists. She was surprised how much easier her extra poundage made it to drag him over to his car and lift him into the front passenger seat. She climbed behind the wheel, and started the car. Then she shoved the gearshift into drive and aimed it for the water. Coaly had seen this maneuver performed countless times in the movies. The driver would floor the gas pedal and just before the car took a nose dive into the water, the driver bailed out. Easy-peasy. Oh, except for one thing: she opened her door so she could easily eject herself from the rolling car.
She hit the gas. Pea gravel and mud spewed out from beneath the tires. Just when it appeared like she was going nowhere, the tires grabbed hold of the slippery medium. Like a rocket, the car took off. G-force jerked her head back and the door slammed closed. No! It had to be open so she could jump out. She pulled the handle and pushed as hard as she could. She looked through the windshield and saw she was on a fast approach to the water. At this speed, she'd be in the water in less than a second. BAIL! But, when she tried to jump, her belly had her wedged between the seat and the steering wheel. Slam on the brakes! Too late!
A wave of water surged over the hood and splashed across the windshield. The collision flung the enforcer forward and his face smacked against the glass and he flopped back in the seat with his head facing her. He mocked her with a glassy-eyed stare. She had to get out. The car was floating, thank God, but swamp water slowly seeped in.
The level of the water quickly rose up past the bottom of her window. She was sinking fast. To add to the mêlée, gators on the opposite bank slipped off into the water and were headed her way. "Oh, Coaly Banks, what have you gotten yourself into?"
In an effort to free herself, Coaly wiggled back and forth until she successfully squeezed from beneath the wheel and out to her right. She clambered up on the seat on her knees. The compartment grew darker as the car descended into the murky depths.
She pulled on the door handle, to no avail. She'd have to roll down the window to equalize the pressure. Coaly thanked her lucky stars that the window had a hand crank instead of an electric motor. She took in a deep breath as a surge of water rushed in. The force shoved her into the dead enforcer and then smashed them together against the passenger door.
With the seconds rapidly ticking away and the air in her lungs depleting, Coaly pushed off from him and returned to the driver's door. It was stuck and no way was she going to squeeze her big butt through the window. Her lungs burned and her head told her, You better get things straight with the Lord, because you're gonna die!
No way. She turned and began kicking the door.
Nothing.
Her lungs ached.
Coaly pulled herself across the seat so she could reach the back doors and tried them both.
They didn't budge.
Now, her lungs burned with excruciating pain.
She faced back to the driver's door, and in a last ditch effort, kicked it harder.
It opened.
Coaly pushed through the opening thinking that she'd sink like a sack full of rocks. Lucky for her, fat floats. She rose to the surface like a helium balloon, and as her head broke the surface, she sucked in a deep breath, and then bobbed in the water until her oxygen debt had been repaid. Coaly dogpaddled to the shore, crawled through the primordial muck, and climbed to her feet.
Shaken and exhausted, but satisfied that her ordeal was over, she turned to walk away on shaky legs, but as she did, something out of the corner of her eye caught her attention. She did a one-eighty. Her heart skipped a beat. "Damn." She'd watched enough of those forensic television programs to know that newly dead bodies could float if they still had air in their lungs. Somehow, the enforcer had escaped his watery grave and had popped up like a cork. The body floated toward shore. Now what? She thought about the dinosaur gator and his pals that she'd seen earlier and bet that would take care of the problem.
She heard a noise. What the hell? Coaly turned her head in that direction. A vehicle, that's what it was, a loud frickin' vehicle, and coming this way. "I mean, what the hell?" She couldn't leave him floating out there now. She could imagine it; a carful of people passing by, gaping at the fat, naked chick dripping water standing next to the road and a dead police officer floating on the water. Wow, like that wouldn't arouse anyone's suspicion, or blaze an imprint of the scene into a person's mind, now would it? "What am I going to do?" she asked the ether expecting a response. There'd been plenty of times that she'd asked a question hoping that an answer would materialize in some form or fashion, and it usually did. Why would this time be any different?
Coaly waded out, retrieved the body, and pulled the dead trooper, enforcer, or whatever he was, over to her car. The gap between her and the approaching vehicle was closing; Coaly would have to act quickly. In a series of what looked like well-choreographed, swift movements of a dancer, she opened the door and popped the trunk. A second later, she twirled around and was at the back of the car heaving dead enforcer what's his name into the trunk. She slammed it closed. Now everything was going to be all right. She looked down. Except for being naked. She made a mad dash back to the open door, bent over and rummaged beneath the seat. She heard her momma say, Yep, all asshole and elbows. It was good to have Momma back.
The rumble of the vehicle's engine was nearer. It was going to be damn close. Her fingertips raked across the material and she pulled it out. Lucky for her, she kept a yellow slicker under the seat in case of rain. She slipped it on, jumped into the seat, and slammed the door. And just in the nick of time. By the sound of the engine, the vehicle was right behind her. She wasn't going to turn her head and gawk at them. She would look like a frightened chicken. Instead, she picked up her phone and aimed the lens toward the water at the cypress tress and hanging moss. She was just a girl enjoying the beauty of the swamp. Who would be suspicious of that? After the vehicle passed, she sat there for a few minutes before starting the engine, turning around, and driving off, lickety split.
Oh my God, what have I done? Coaly Banks berated herself. Just a few sweet days ago she had been a sane woman, well, at least as sane as you could get nowadays, but now, here she was today, speeding along Highway Seventy-Three with a dead body in the trunk of her car and the inside of her head a big ball of confusion. And she blamed it all on that late-night infomercial.
I mean, seriously. What the hell?






















Life Form

Brenda roughly shoved the man’s naked body off her.
She stood, scooped her dark-blue flight suit off the floor, and clutching the one-piece jumper in her hand, walked over to the small porthole. She pressed her face against the thick glass and stared out into the cold vastness of space. Her attention was drawn to the distant nebula slowly swirling around like a kaleidoscope of electric candy. The chill that gnawed at the pit of her stomach raced up her spine. She folded her arms across her chest and gave herself a reassuring hug.
Daniel laid on top of his own matching, crumpled White Star uniform. His gaze lingered on the beautiful woman's back. He'd fantasized about making love to her for months, but not like this. He’d met the astrobiologist while delivering routine navigation reports to the SETI Department. Galaxy Cruise Lines kept her on a permanent retainer on the off chance the intergalactic ship should cross paths with extraterrestrial life. His personal opinion of the department was that it was dead weight, but that hadn't stop him from becoming instantly infatuated with her. His puerile attempts to gain her interest were as regular as the reports. Until now, she had snubbed his every advance.
She turned away from the distant stars that were like thousands of tiny lighthouse beacons promising a port in the storm. Unfortunately, they were future solar systems in the making and not the help they desperately needed right now. She stepped into her jumper.
Ignoring the warning lights flashing on the panel, he picked up his glasses from the floor, nestled them on the bridge of his nose, and watched her dress. After she had covered enough flesh to make it uninteresting, he meekly uttered his fawning gratitude like a schoolboy who had stolen his first kiss, "Thanks for making love to me."
The insecurity in his voice made her cringe. "I didn't make love to you, Bankum. You have to care about someone to make love to them." She glanced at his body and crinkled her face like she had caught a whiff of some foul odor hanging in the air. "I just needed something to take the edge off."
Although he felt the sting of her words, he could understand. His gangly limbs and thin body looked like they had stopped maturing at the onset of puberty after granting him only a few sprigs of hair on his chest.
A faint smile graced her lips as she looked away dreamy-eyed. "Mmmmm, Brian Davich in steerage, now there's a guy I could wrap my legs around and fall in love with." Her smile broadened. "Well, at least with that rock hard body of his." She blinked and sobered then looked back at Daniel like she was observing some kind of weird, grotesque bug. "Why couldn't I have been marooned with someone like that?"
His cheeks reddened, and he felt a spark of anger. "But it wasn't Davich that saved you. I was the one that woke you and tossed you into this life pod." He tapped a finger against his chest. "Me."
That was true. Daniel had barged into her quarters and roused her from a deep slumber. Still under the influence of sleep, she mechanically slipped into her flight suit, and he'd whisked her away to this pod. Shamefaced, and with a weak voice, she replied, "Look, I am grateful, but what about the others?" She gestured to the empty seats with her hand. "We could have put forty-eight more people in here."
"There were more life pods, plenty for everyone." He felt a spark of guilt after he replied, knowing what he'd done.
She shifted her gaze to his eyes. "Do you think they escaped?"
Daniel smiled. "I'm sure of it." He broke eye contact before she could read the truth.
"I wonder why we haven't heard from anyone then?"
A pang of guilt shot through him. He shrugged.
"It was stupid to try and sail through a sandstorm. None of this would have happened if the captain had stuck to protocol," she said.
None of the crew of the White Star had thought there was anything threatening about the approaching sandstorm. It was a regular occurrence. A sandstorm was no more than a field of micro-meteorites that would bounce harmlessly off the hard shell of a ship, but they often played havoc with the navigational systems. It was common practice for the captain to set a new course and sail around a storm. This particular field had been abnormally large, and instead of losing precious time, Captain Edwards made the grave error of sailing through it. To make matters worse, a large asteroid, hidden from detection by the static of the storm, slammed into the ship broadside.
"Let's talk about something else. Okay?"
A long sigh of exasperation escaped her lips. "Alright." Brenda hiked an eyebrow and parted her lips as if to say something, but the shrill sound of an alarm curtailed her attempt.
Daniel jumped up, grabbed his flight suit, stuck one foot inside the coveralls, and hopped across the rubberized floor on one leg. He arrived at the console with its blinking panel of lights, gathered his uniform at his skinny waist, and punched the touch-screen. The audible alarm silenced, leaving one red warning sensor flashing. He turned around, still huffing from his trek across the cabin. "We just lost another battery." He glanced back down at the control panel. "Power is down another fifteen percent."
The red light flickered intermittently across her face and highlighted the concern in her dark eyes. "Translate that into time."
Daniel stuffed his other foot into his suit and pulled it up. He pushed the sprigs of fiery-red hair that had fallen across his brow back to join the other wispy strands. "Three days at the most."
She sighed and returned to her vigil at the thick glass. "Are you sure we can’t make it to any of those star systems?"
"No," he replied as he shook his head. "We can't." Daniel's Ivy League astronomy degree and job as a first class navigation engineer insured the accuracy of his answer. "We are light years from anywhere that can support life."
She turned and faced him.
Instead of the hangdog look he expected from her, a look of hope ignited.
"The cruise line," she said. "Surely they'll send out a rescue ship!"
He wanted to fib and tell her that he was sure they would. But, the truth was, there wasn’t a snowball’s chance in hell that that was going to happen. "I'm afraid not."
Her smile dimmed. "Why?"
"Why do you think they make crew members and passengers sign a waver that releases the company from all liability? Didn't you read the fine print?"
She looked blank.
"They count on people being so thrilled at the opportunity of traveling deep space that they never thoroughly read the contract."
"Why would they do that?"
"The Leviathan was the first commercial vacation liner owned by Galaxy Cruise Lines. Halfway through a voyage, all contact was lost. It would cost the company billions of dollars to attempt a rescue mission. Its disappearance is still a mystery."
What was left of her grin completely collapsed.
He mentally chided himself for himself for telling her the truth. "I’ll check the rescue beacon and see if anyone is tracking us." Immediately after abandoning ship, he had initiated the first step of rescue protocol by activating the emergency rescue signal. A light on the outside of the ship flashed red and blue, and within it, a signal encoded with vital information of the life forms on board, including their DNA signatures. That was hours ago. Since that time, there hadn’t been so much as a bleep in response.
"Do you think anyone will pick up the signal?"
"Maybe," he replied, knowing that if anyone was this far out, they were going to be heavily armed pirates. He suspected that's what happened to the Leviathan, but he wasn't going to tell her that.
She drew her legs up, and planted her bare feet on the seat of the chair. She wrapped her arms around her legs and rested her chin on her knees. She gazed off. A few minutes later, she cut her eyes back to Daniel and said, "Hey, I'm sorry about those things I said about you earlier."
"Let’s forget about it." He zipped his suit.
Suddenly, she erupted into laughter. "Thank God we still have artificial gravity."
Her remark left him bemused. "Why do you say that?"
She pointed.
His eyes followed the direction of her finger and he instantly felt the sting of embarrassment on his cheeks. At the last moment, he had decided not to remain inside and risk getting her pregnant, but thinking about it now, in their current circumstances, the possible ramifications from that seemed silly and trite.
"I'd hate for that to be floating around in here with us." She unfolded herself out of the chair and walked over to it.
He watched her with curiosity as she knelt down.
She pulled a slightly used tissue out of her pocket, dropped it on top of the goo, wiped the remaining fluid off the rubber, and wadded it into a small ball. She walked over to the port and placed it into the waste removal chamber, closed the cover, and hit the button. There was a loud pop as the air rushed out, taking the tissue along with it. "That takes care of that."
"Hopefully it won't get pulled into the ion intake."
She moved over to the view port and watched it spiral out into space and then disappear. "It's okay, it's gone."
The radio’s speaker suddenly popped and electronic static filled the cabin.
She felt a rush of excitement and dashed up the narrow aisle to the command center. "What is it?"
"Shhhhhhh."
They both fell silent and listened intently. Anticipation rapidly swelled within the compartment.
"I’m picking up something on the inter-stellar tracker. It’s moving, but it’s slow. Whatever it is, it’s coming toward us."
"Thank God! I knew it!" With a broad grin, she said, "They're alive!" Her sudden burst of joy sparked excitement in her dark eyes.
He knew that was impossible, and he knew the reason why. He shook his head.
When he failed to follow along with her newfound enthusiasm, she asked, "What else could it be?"
"It could be a radioactive pulse from the nebula. Or it could be just another asteroid floating around out there."
"No," she fired back as she shook her head. "We can't be the only ones left alive." Brenda returned to the view port and stationed herself at the glass looking at the glowing stars.
He picked up the wireless headset and walked over to her. Daniel placed a hand on her shoulder. He wanted to spin her around and embrace her in a hug, but instead of coddling her, he felt that she needed to face the truth. He handed the headset to her. "Try and hail them."
She stood there frozen.
"Go on."
She took it, placed it over her ears, and positioned the mic. "White Star, this is pod one, do you read me, over?" After a few seconds of listening to static, she looked at him and said, "All I hear is noise." Still clinging to the hope of making contact, she tried several more times and got the same results. Finally, with a look of despair on her face, she removed the headset and handed it back to him. Then she sat down on the floor powwow style and propped her elbows on her knees. "I don't understand how we can be the only survivors." She sat there silently mulling things over. "We should go back."
He looked shocked. "Why would you want to do that? We'd use what little battery we have left."
"There could be spare oxygen cylinders and food packets floating around in the debris that could give us more time." Brenda became buoyant with possibilities as she popped up out of the chair. She folded her arms across her chest and sported a look that defied him to dispute her logic.
He revoked the validity of her argument with one of his own. "Have you forgotten about the sandstorm? That would be suicide. It would be like jumping out of the frying pan and into the fire. We’d be sitting ducks."
"Then what do we do, just sit here, and wait to die?"
He perked up. "No." He returned to the control panel and raked his hand across it. "I’ll dial up the amperage on the beacon."
She protested his action with a stern look of disapproval. "That would use up what little power we have too."
He looked annoyed. "Do you want to be rescued or not?"
"What if there’s no one out there to pick up the signal?"
He dropped the voltage. "What do you suggest that we do?"
"I’ve already told you. Let's go see if there are any supplies to salvage."
He bowed his head. When he looked back up, he sighed. "What the hell. In a little more than forty-eight hours, our time is going to run out anyway." He returned to his seat at the control board. "Buckle up."
Before he could fire the engine, she said, "Wait. I think I saw something." She jumped to her feet and raced over to the midsection's window. "Look at that."
He clambered out of his chair and joined her at the port. The bow of the White Star was sailing slowly by with its tattered edges and entrails of twisted steel girders and wires hanging out of a gaping wound. The cruise ship had been sheered in half and neon-orange plasma shot from the opening like bolts of lightning. "It still has power," he said, "but at least one of the reactors is leaking." The starboard side slowly orbited around and exposed a large observation deck.
Her eyes became electrified with excitement. "I think I can see people staring at us from inside the Captain's Helm." She spun around. "See, I told you, they're alive! If we can make it over there and find an airlock—"
Before she could take a step, he reached out and seized her by the shoulder. "No! Look!"
She heard the urgency in his voice, and without question, pressed her face to the glass in time to see a behemoth rock, rolling end over end, toward the wounded bow of the White Star. She felt fear swelling in the pit of her stomach and wanted to scream, but it lodged in her throat, and all she managed was a weak groan as the asteroid struck the ship. There was a brilliant burst of light, like a camera’s flash, as the ruptured reactor instantly released the plasma from its core and exposed a large field of debris and freeze-dried bodies.
The pod began to rattle. They both froze as debris pelted the outer skin making the sound of hail falling on an asphalt roof. A large rock brushed by the port—upsetting the craft—tossing it back and forth like a dingy on rough seas. As the electronic gyroscope tried to recover, he grabbed Brenda by the arm. "We've got to get out of here, now." Daniel pulled her across the cabin and pushed her down into a seat. "Hold on." He made a mad dash to the control board and fired the rear thrusters on the ion engine.
The inertia pushed them back in their seats. He didn't slow the pod’s rapid escape until an alarm broke the silence.
She turned to him exhibiting the same look of fear in her eyes that he had seen many times since they had climbed into the life-pod together.
"What's wrong?" she asked.
He checked the battery display. "We're out of power." The engines shut themselves down. He tried to reassure her with a smile that he hoped would mollify her. "Don’t worry; it’s going to be okay."
Her voice fired with sarcasm. "Okay? How is it going to be okay?" She stood and pressed her hand against the rubber wall with a consecutive rhythm, flexing it in and out like a child's balloon. Galaxy Cruise Lines had replaced the larger, hard-shelled emergency shuttles, capable of interplanetary travel, with more economical, and room saving, inflatable life-pods that met the minimum safety requirements. "This is all that stands between us and death."
"Okay then, let's just get this over with." He abruptly turned around and raised the palm of his hand above the panel board like a game show contestant trying to beat his opponent on the buzzer.
The color drained from her comely Latina features. "What are you doing?"
"I'm going to pop the hatch."
"No!" Terror engulfed her face as she stuck her hands out. "Wait!"
He kept his hand above the instrument panel. "Why not get it over with instead of waiting and wondering when it's going to happen?"
"I'm not ready to die. As long as I'm still breathing, there's a chance."
He smiled like a card player that had just pulled off a bluff in a high stakes poker game. "Do you really mean that, Vascar?"
"Of course I do." On shaky legs, she made her way to one of the inflated chairs in front of the control panel and slumped down in it. "What's wrong with you?"
"I'm making a point." Daniel moved his hand away from the hatch release. "You've got to keep your cool if we're going to get out of this."
"Okay." She took a deep breath and let it out. "Point taken. So what do we do?"
The interior lights dimmed. Daniel switched from the main batteries to a single back-up. Now, instead of days they had hours. The transceiver popped again and the hiss turned into electronic squeals as a blip appeared on the screen.
She cocked her head. "Is something transmitting a signal?"
"No. I’m detecting another mass; it's generating a huge electromagnetic field. It could be the stern of the White Star." He paused and gave it some thought. "The generator room could still be intact and emitting an EMF. Whatever it is, it is steadily moving our way."
A smile blazed across her lips.
He quickly put a stop to her enthusiasm. "Don't get your hopes up." He motioned to the panel. "We only have about five hours of battery left and two additional hours in our environmental suits."
"How long before it reaches us?" Her words came out deadpan.
"It's moving slow. At least five hours," he replied. "It's going to be close."
She yawned. With an astounded look on her face she cupped her hand over her mouth. "How could I possibly be sleepy?"
He knew why. "I had to dial down the CO2 scrubber to half capacity to conserve energy."
She looked astounded. "You're kidding, right?"
"No." He shook his head. "I had to cut energy consumption somewhere."
"And then when the CO2 level reaches critical, you'll have to dial up the scrubbers and they have to work extra hard to get the levels back down."
He shook his head. "We're not going to do that, so the less we move around, the less oxygen we'll use."
She seemed to think it over then nodded her head.
"Maybe you should get some shuteye."
"How could I possibly sleep?"
"Try," he said.
"And what about—"
"I'll keep watch and wake you when whatever it is gets close."
She opened her mouth to say something, more than likely a rebuttal.
"No talking. It uses oxygen."
She closed her mouth.
"Good girl," he said.
Brenda crawled out of her chair, sprawled out face up on the floor, and locked her fingers together behind her neck. Staring at the ceiling, she said, "If it's another asteroid—"
"I won't," he assured her.
She yawned again, and her head flopped down onto the soft rubber of the floor as she pulled her hands from behind her neck. Folding them across her stomach, Brenda let out a long yawn and closed her eyes. It wasn't long before she fell into a rhythm of shallow breathing. If worst came to worst, she'd drift off to sleep and never wake up.
Without his mind focused on conversation, he lapsed back into thinking. His head did replays. Daniel was on duty when the huge asteroid had come out of nowhere. The sandstorm had cloaked the rock and interfered with the instrumentation. It was practically on top of the ship before he'd identified the mass. He'd grabbed Brenda from her quarters, stuffed them both in a pod, and ejected seconds before the rock plowed into the White Star. If he'd of activated the alarm and initiated a full scale evacuation of crew and passengers, he and Brenda would have perished along with the rest. Now, he had survivor's guilt along with regrets and wished he'd never taken this job. Maybe none of this would have ever happened. No use crying over spilt milk, what's done is done, he told himself. It still didn't make him feel any better.
"Are you okay?" she asked.
The sudden intrusion on his thoughts made him jump. He looked over. Brenda was awake and sitting up.
"Yeah." He shoved the vision out of his head.
"What were you thinking about?"
"I was thinking about Davich from steerage?"
"Are you serious?"
He nodded. Well, it was the roundabout truth.
An incredulous look clouded her face. "Why would you be thinking about him?"
"Maybe he'd do a better job of taking care of you."
"You're kidding, right?"
He shook his head.
"I actually thought about going out with him a few times. But, luckily, I realized he is nothing but a buffoon that only cares about what he's going to get out of it." A smile came to her lips. "I'm with the right guy."
Daniel doubted she'd feel the same about him if she knew what he'd done to seal the fate of the White Star crew and passengers. But, at this moment, there were other things to think about.
"Get us home, Daniel," she said. "And after we get there, you and I are going to find some romantic and exotic place to sip expensive champagne." She raised her arms in the air and spread her hands out wide. "We'll make love all night long and finish out the evening with a big bang."
Her comment brought to his mind a quick replay of the giant asteroid slamming into the White Star's mid-section. He imagined the look of dread and confusion in the passenger's eyes during their final seconds of life. It would haunt him for the rest of his. However long that may be.
After she let her hands drop and fall next to her sides, Brenda stared off as though she were looking past the thin, rubber walls of the life-pod.
Daniel wished he could get inside her head and see her thoughts. Since he couldn't, he hoped she was reminiscing about their recent tryst. He sat in the silence watching her and wishing there was something that he could do or say that would make the next few hours glorious. He let out a sigh knowing that their fate was out of his hands.
Finally, she laid down again, closed her eyes, and surrendered to sleep. She jerked once and let out a soft moan.
He watched the approaching mass on the monitor and decided that if it were an asteroid on a collision course with them, he definitely wouldn't wake her. He still carried the hope that it would change direction. He skipped a quick glance off the instrument panel at the waning life of the battery. Even if the thing sailed harmlessly past the pod, it would only put off the inevitable for a short time. He stopped thinking about it. He stopped thinking about everything, and in the long stretch of silence and low oxygen, fatigue crept in like a black tide. He closed his eyes.
Daniel woke to the touch of a hand nudging him on the back. He lifted his head off the panel, looked back over his shoulder, and met the alarm in her eyes. "What's wrong?"
She thrust her arm behind her and pointed to the rear viewing port. "It's here."
With his brain still foggy with half-formed dreams, he struggled up and out of the seat. "What is it?" he asked, expecting her to reply that it was an asteroid.
Instead, she said, "I've never seen anything like it."
He rushed to the back port with her close behind and pressed his face to the small circumference of glass.
The upper portion of the alien object’s massive structure resembled a brown, dried leather tube that twisted up like a cobra ready to strike. In the large open mouth, a flickering sphere of light was suspended. The neck made a sharp downward turn and then curved back up like a P-trap on a drain. In the middle of the bend was a large hole that puckered out like a knothole in a tree. Everything below that converged into a compilation of sharp twists and turns that could only be compared to an intestinal tract with balls of energy shooting through it, illuminating the translucent walls with an effervescent glow.
She placed her hand on Daniel's shoulder. She whispered as if the thing might hear her. "What do you think it is?"
He'd seen something similar in text books. "Have you ever heard of a bio-ship?"
"Of course I have," she replied. Any astrobioligist worth her salt would remember learning about spacecrafts being grown in the cold reaches of space. A large container had been launched outside the Earth's atmosphere where synthetic DNA was released in raw protein. Organic ships were grown for commercial and recreational use. "Yeah, the crafts had brains capable of logical thinking. They evolved and became self aware. The crews could no longer control them, so they were outlawed."
"And destroyed," he added.
"Then this can't be one."
"I didn't say all. A few escaped," he replied. "And would explain why's it's so far out."
She got a thoughtful look on her face. "Maybe it's a mutated version of one. Wouldn't be the first time a scientific experiment went rogue. Who knows what the long term effects of radiation are on those DNA and protein particles they threw out into space." She thought back to dissecting a Cyclops pig with six legs. The poor thing had been exposed to massive doses of gamma rays. "Do you think this life form is intelligent?"
He shrugged. "I don't know?"
Suddenly, a high-pitched shrill filled the compartment.
He rushed over to the control panel and silenced the alarm. He turned back to her, breathing hard and telegraphing dread from his eyes. "Better get the environmental suits on quick. We're about to lose power completely."
In the rear of the compartment, Brenda had already slipped her bare feet into the attached boots of a heavy suit by the time he snatched up one for himself. They dressed swiftly. He couldn't count the times the crew had to perform a mock scenario for this type of situation. It was required training that he'd always regarded as useless. Now, he was glad he had the training; the compartment temperature had already begun to plummet. In a few moments, the air would be cold enough to crystallize their lungs. After he was dressed, Daniel capped his suit by placing the bubble helmet over his head and locking it, and then helped Brenda with hers. Just as it snapped into place, the lights flickered and the compartment went black. The only source of illumination was the collar of light inside their helmets.
"My digital display isn't working," she cried.
"I'll keep you posted. Remember, two hours, that's it. So, try to keep your breathing regular."
Her feet lifted off the floor. "What's happening?"
"The gravity generator is dead."
Daniel pushed off the wall and returned to the window. She followed, and they watched the oddity hover. The minutes stretched their anticipation into seemingly long hours of waiting as they held their vigil.
The tension building inside her finally snapped her patience and she blurted out. "Is it just going to sit there?"
Before he could answer, the monstrous entity began to close the gap.
Brenda quickly moved behind him, peering over his shoulder and out the view port. "It’s coming—coming toward us," she gasped in fear.
Moving slowly, like a predator silently stalking its prey, it approached the starboard side of the life-pod. As it moved closer, the enormous size of the thing began eclipsing the field of stars behind it, and they winked out one by one, until they were gone. As it glided to a stop above them, Daniel thought that the wrinkles and folds of its outer covering looked like the skin of an old woman.
A throaty, pulsating hum filled the compartment—then the sound of splitting rubber. The vibration had compromised the first layer of the pod.
Brenda shrieked.
Daniel feared the flimsy craft might pop like a spent soap bubble and send them spiraling out into deep space. He stood rigid, solidified, and unable to move, unable to speak—unable to breathe. He waited, suffocating in the silence.
They both stared upward through the glass, unable to grasp what was happening. Suddenly, an explosion of white light blinded them.
Brenda instinctively shielded her eyes and shrank back.
Daniel froze, his face turned up, fish-belly white under the brilliant light, his pupils pinpricks of black in a sea of green. The intensity became too much. He looked away.
Then, abrupt darkness—black and ominous—like death.
Neither one spoke, neither one moved, petrified like statues, they were frozen in place.
The after-image of the light, dancing in front of his eyes, began to fade in time for him to see the leathery flaps covering the puckered knothole quiver. He wondered what was concealed behind the veil, and at the same time, he feared the possibilities.
The flaps split and long tendrils, like a large cluster of vines, wiggled out, blindly groping for the pod.
Brenda shrieked again, closed her eyes, wrapped her arms around his chest, and planted her face in his back. She screamed at the top of her lungs, "OH MY GOD!" as it pulled them inside.
They collapsed, slumped against the wall.
She looked at him astonished. "Gravity. How?"
He had been too long without taking a breath and gasped for air. "Has to be artificial." He was guessing, but it was a good guess. The behemoth was large, but not large enough to generate a field of gravity that would hold them in place.
He pressed his visor against the port. In the flickering purple light, he could see forms, shapeless, and as far as he could tell, organic. Something out there moved. He spun around. "We've got to get out of here!"
She read the terror on his face. "What did you see?"
"There's no time!" He raced back toward the control panel.
"I want to see." She pressed her helmet to the port. She caught a glimpse of the tentacles as they slipped back inside a hole that looked like puckered lips. She jerked around and had a wild look in her eyes. "Daniel, how are we going to get out of here?"
"I can wire the battery packs together. We might have enough power for one burst." He hurried to the compartment holding the environmental suits.
"Where will we go?"
"I'll try and fly out the mouth of this thing."
Something bumped the craft and jostled it around. They both went down.
Panic filled her eyes. "Daniel, what's happening?"
Suddenly, the small craft moved. The rubber bowed in. A tentacle slithered across and covered one of the portholes. Brenda screamed.
He thought the thin walls would split any second, and by the look in her eyes, she thought the same thing. He'd brought her this far unharmed and he wasn't about to give up now. Daniel ripped two air tanks from spare suits before rushing over to the control panel. He raised a hand above the button, prepared to strike the hatch release.
"What are you doing?" she demanded.
"We can't stay in here!"
Terror filled her eyes. "What about that thing out there?"
He brought the heel of his palm down and blew the hatch. WHOOOSH! Air from inside the pod escaped into the vacuum, and the shower of yellow sparks died almost instantaneously. The life-pod jerked and he went to his knees again, dropping the tanks. Brenda landed on her back. "Come on!" he yelled. He jumped up.
Brenda struggled to get up. The ship was being drug along by jerky stop-start movements.
Daniel grabbed one air tank. The other rolled away. He ran over to her and helped her to her feet. Together, they raced to the opening and jumped.
They stood in a poorly lit space. Pulsating, dull light gave them glimpses of moist, sponge-like surfaces creating a chamber of sorts.
Daniel and Brenda watched in terror as a jumbled mess of massive tentacles drug what was left of their life-pod over the rim of a large crater. The rim jutted up like a broken soda bottle snapped off at the neck, and the synthetic material of the pod snagged on one of the sharp edges, stretched out long, tore, and snapped back like a rubber band. A second later, it was gone.
Daniel raced to the crater. Light from his helmet gleamed off the sharp edges. Afraid of what he might find, he leaned over, and peered down into the hole. A net of glowing moss twinkled like a bed of hot embers. An incandescent veil covered the remains of numerous derelict crafts. Corrosive agents had devoured the outer hulls. Twisted girders reached up out of the debris like arms of the damned begging to be lifted from the pits of hell. He looked for their pod. Found it. The caustic agents had already reduced it to a molten pile of mush.
A digital readout blazed across his visor and a pleasant female voice reminded him that he had less than a two-hour supply of air. He pulled up Brenda's readouts and gave them a glance. Through the com-link, he could hear her stressed breathing. "Conserve your air," he told her.
She nodded.
Daniel walked over to her and grabbed her by the arm. "Let’s move before that thing comes back." He searched for a direction.
"And go where, Daniel?"
He held up the tank. "This is compressed air. If we can get to the mouth of this thing, we can propel ourselves into space and away from it."
"And then what? We run out of breathing air and power?"
He reminded her that there was still a chance. "Come on, keep moving."
They began traversing the branchlike system of caverns, passageways, and fissures. She moved along at his side feeling like that thing was on her heels. A few times, she felt the hair on the nape of her neck raise and quickly spun around only to see stationary, odd shapes reveal themselves in the flashes of light. Suddenly, the space narrowed until they could touch all the surrounding surfaces.
She stopped.
"We have to keep going," said Daniel. It reminded him of a long twisting esophagus. That in itself made him feel uneasy, but the misshapen lumps clinging to the walls set him on edge. They pulsed. For a moment, he entertained the idea of them splitting open and alien creatures popping out and descending upon them. It was a silly thought, he told himself. That only happens in science fiction movies.
They made their way to where the tube made a sharp turn and stopped. With a firm grip on the air cylinder, in case he had to use it as a weapon, he peeked around the corner.
"What's out there?" she asked. She grabbed his hand.
He didn't answer because he couldn't explain what he was seeing. She'd have to see for herself. He felt her arm grow taut. Without turning around, he assured her with a gentle squeeze of her hand and said, "It's okay." He felt the tension ease and her nestling against his back. It felt good. With his hand still in hers, he stepped through the opening and moved toward the flickering light. They stood side by side looking out over the expanse.
Inside the immense cavern, a clear membrane barrier, that looked impossibly thin, stretched across the enormous grotto like a huge soap bubble. He felt as though he could reach out and pop it. Daniel looked beyond the translucent colors swirling across the membrane at the source of the pulsing light. He figured they must be at the core of the life form, and this was some kind of power source. It was unlike anything he'd ever seen. A device, suspended in mid-space at the center of the bubble, consisted of twelve smaller, illuminated spheres rapidly circling a large ball of blue plasma. The orbiting electron-like spheres were tethered to the nucleus by tendrils of energy, like a cosmic maypole. As they absorbed energy from the center globe, their obit expanded out, and when they reached their zenith, they released the energy, causing a flash of light. Then the spheres immediately snapped back and produced a shock wave. Flashes of light slammed against the membrane and the after-effects of electricity crawled across it like tiny, glowing insects. Inside, nodules on the tips of stalks absorbed the purple light. They glowed for the lifespan of each wave and twinkled like violet fireflies nesting on top of cattails.
Without taking her eyes off the display, she dropped to her knees, spread her fingers out, and pressed them down on the spongy floor. "Do you feel that?"
The continuous process of pulsating light and shockwaves produced a steady rhythm like that of a beating heart.
Daniel didn't have to kneel, the vibration beneath his feet traveled up and spread throughout his entire body. He nodded.
She rose and stood transfixed on the phenomenon. Whatever fears she held up to this point were now lost to curiosity.
His degree in astronomy did not cover anything like this. This was more in the arena of an astrobiologist. He looked over at her and watched her gaze in wonderment. Finally he asked, "What do you think it is?"
Brenda continued to stare, fueled with a childlike curiosity to know and understand this unknown.
He nudged her in the side with his elbow. "Come on, Brenda, let me in on it."
The trance was broken. She blinked like a subject coming from underneath the spell of a hypnotist. Then she stared past the unimaginable demonstration of power. "I'm just guessing, but I'd say it's absorbing the energy from photons created by the stars." She shrugged and pointed to the waving stalks. "I'm not certain, but those could be some kind of receptors." She held her hand out in front of her and moved it toward the thin barrier. She could feel a magnetic pull through her glove. "It seems to have a static charge." She didn't blink and edged in a little closer. The ends of her hair stood up.
He didn't know if she wasn't aware of the danger or she just no longer cared. He suddenly had a vision of volts of electricity leaping out and incinerating her on the spot. "Careful." He reached up and pulled her hand back, and as he did, Daniel caught sight of a reflection of movement behind them on the thin bubble. He spun around.
"What's wrong?" she asked.
He made a quick search with his eyes before shaking his head. "I thought I saw something, but I guess I was wrong." He reminded her of their limited air supply. "We need to keep moving."
"Wait a second," she said. "I want to make sure everything is being recorded."
All flight suits were outfitted with video recorders that documented raw footage and transmitted the information to the White Star's black box, which he was pretty sure was floating around in deep space and no one would ever see it; at least not in their lifetime. Maybe in a hundred thousand light-years some weary space traveler might stumble upon the black box and learn the truth he was hiding. He shrugged the thoughts off and said, "Don't."
"Why not?"
"It uses too much battery and you need every bit of it to get out of here."
She looked disappointed as her shoulders slumped forward. "I guess you're right," she replied as she switched it off.
They followed a narrow path away from the membrane to a wall of twisted, tightly interwoven tubing. The mysterious contents they carried were opaque and a dark-red in color. Another fissure led into what looked like a dark, ribbed throat of a whale that had been carved from alabaster. This area was completely dark. Sacrificing some of his battery life, Daniel turned on the exterior light ring affixed to the top of his helmet. The light revealed a bend in the dark channel. He moved forward thinking, anything could be around the corner. His flight or fight mechanism kicked in.
She heard the change in his breathing. "What's wrong?"
"Nothing," he shot back and reminded himself to breath slow.
She was close behind. Brenda didn’t walk very far before she ignited the lamp on her own helmet and dialed up the light despite the fact that the increased output would rapidly drain her battery pack.
"Better save some for later," he said.
"I can barely see where we are going," she replied.
He didn't protest again.
The odds of them getting out of here alive was slim, but just the same, Brenda turned it down a smidge.
"I'm receiving a transmission." Fluorescent green letters blazed inside the visor of his helmet and moved across it like a ticker tape.
"What is it?"
"I'm picking up a signal from another ship, and it's transmitting an old code."
"Maybe someone picked up on our distress signal and they've come to rescue us."
He had his suspicions, but she guessed before he could voice them.
"Is it pirates?"
"Maybe" His imagination took over. If it were, instead of rescue, they would probably just kill him, rape her, and then kill her, too. Or, they could be shanghaied and forced to work grueling tasks and long hours until they were used up and then their dead bodied ejected into the cold vacuum of space. Or maybe they wouldn't wait until they were dead. He brought the racing images to a halt.
"Ask for an IMO," she said.
The ID number would classify the ship as commercial or private or otherwise. He did as she asked. The IMO flashed across his visor. He ran a check on it. "Impossible."
"What?"
"It's the Proteus."
"I've never heard the name. What is it?"
"It's a bio-ship originally engineered for commercial use, but at the outbreak of World War Three, the military commandeered it and mutated it into a warship. If we can communicate, maybe we can get aboard." He keyed his microphone.
"Don't," she said. Brenda looked worried. "What if it's pirates?"
He watched the scroll of information. "I don't think so. Its drivers are badly damaged and unsuitable for extended travel."
"What if it's just a ghost ship with dead bodies of the old crew on there?" he asked. "We have to go if we want to live. There might be enough oxygen, food, and water aboard to last us a long time."
She looked off and when her eyes returned to his, she nodded.
He hailed the Proteus on an all points frequency with his name, title and coordinates. The response came as a hiss of white noise and the disharmony of electronic feedback. "It's no use. My output is too weak."
"I've got an idea."
"What is it?"
"Hack into the White Star's flight recorder and use it like a satellite to bounce a signal to the Proteus."
"I don't know how to hack."
"Great." The tone of her voice was sarcastic, but suddenly brightened. "I don't know why I didn't think of this before." Brenda tugged at the flap that ran the length of her sleeve. The tiny teeth on the strip of Velcro ripped free and exposed the dozens of color-coded wires. She saw the problem. The cap-screw fitting on the output cable from the mini-computer was unattached. It was an easy fix. It was the thick material her gloves were made of that was going to make it a cumbersome task. She fumbled with the connection. "This may take a few minutes."
A few minutes was precious time.
"Let's just take our chances and—"
"And what, hope that there is enough pressure in that spare cylinder to get us to the Proteus? How far out is it?"
He got a fix on the ships location and told her.
"You and I know we'd never make it."
She continued to fiddle with the connector. "Got it!"
Brenda used eye contact to call up a screen on her visor and scrolled through a list of commands. "I'm in." Information from the flight recorder streamed across her visor and flashed red. "What's this?"
He knew.
She singled out a stream of red letters and enlarged the words. She furrowed her brow and turned to Daniel. "The evacuation alarm wasn't sounded."
A greasy, sick feeling slipped past the knot in Daniel's stomach. "There wasn't enough time," he replied. "The asteroid came out of nowhere. If I'd have taken the time to sound the alarm, report the situation, and followed evacuation procedure then we'd be dead with the rest of them."
Shaking her head she took a step back. "You let them die."
"No, it's not like that. I was thinking of you."
"Me?" She shook her head again. "You weren't thinking of me, Daniel. You were thinking about yourself." She paused for a second and then added, "Yeah, you were going to be my knight in shining armor and whisk me away to safety so that you could have me all to yourself."
"Please, expunge the data," he said. "No one needs to know."
She shook her head. "You know that I can't do that."
At this point, whether they survived or not, he didn't care what happened to him. "Do what you think is right." He was still determined to make every effort to get her out of here and safely back to their home planet.
She let her gaze slip away from his and returned to the screen. "Okay. I sent SOS to the Proteus. Let's make our way to the exit and hope we can get on board."
"It worked. The ship is crawling with the speed of a garden slug, but it's moving toward us."
Together, their lamps pushed back the shadows as they marched side by side through the winding turns. They stopped when they came to a large curtain of a web-like film. Slowly, Daniel reached out and placed his gloved hand on it. The tangled mass quivered and parted where his hand rested. Flickering light poured through the slit. He jerked his hand away from the substance. Caught between the urgency to move forward and uncertainty of the unknown, he hesitated.
"Let's go," she prodded.
He stepped through. "Turn off your lights."
They stood at the threshold peering at the ceiling of a web-like membrane imbedded with thousands of basketball-sized globes each with its own pulsating light within a clear blue liquid.
"It's beautiful!" she said as her eyes widened in amazement.
He thought it was eerie. The place gave him the creeps.
Suddenly, her expression flipped to terrified as she pointed to a tentacle wrapped around what looked like a giant wad of chewed gum.
To him, the object she pointed at looked like an overgrown ganglion cyst. It reminded him of the creature in the old science fiction movie, Attack of the Atomic Wart, he'd watched as a boy. It brought up the old feeling of terror. He shivered.
It could have been a trick of the light, but he thought he saw the thing move. He grabbed her by the hand ready to pull her along in case they had to flee. The mass quivered and moved toward them.
They both disregarded the need to breathe lightly and ran to the other side of the cavern. They stopped just short of a wall of living tissue. Daniel glanced back over his shoulder. The wart was gone. He twisted back around and checked their vitals. The sprint had taken its toll on their air supplies. "We'd better catch our breath."
"Look at this." She waved her hand over the wall.
He studied the surface. The stuff reminded him of his first fishing trip. His father had initiated Daniel’s right of passage into manhood by making him clean the entire catch. The first one he had cut open was a female loaded with eggs. The similarities ended there. The eggs clinging to the wall were much larger, leathery, and tethered by pulsating umbilical cords.
At first, Brenda stood transfixed, but shook the hypnotic spell she was under and began taking pictures using the suit's recorder.
"What are you doing?" he asked with a voice filled with angst.
"I'm not leaving here without at least a few photos." She snapped another shot.
He huffed, but it was in vain, Brenda continued clicking pictures.
Something different caught her interest. She stepped closer to the wall and placed both hands on a bulging sac that resembled a bladder. It was thick and milky white, but translucent enough to look inside and observe the contents. She pressed her helmet against it and peered at the tiny particles swirling around. Another egg formed on the wall close to the bladder. A clear vein sprouted from the sac and grew across the wall, attaching itself to the egg. The sac contracted, forcing the liquid through a fibrous membrane, filtering out the small particles, and into the newly formed egg.
"We have to keep moving," said Daniel.
She ignored him. She stooped, plucked something from the floor and stood back up holding it out in front of her. "Daniel, this is a piece of the tissue that I used to clean the floor of the pod."
"Yeah. So. What about it?"
Thoughts raced through her mind and slammed together into a heaping dichotomy of educated guesses and a backlash of confusion. She shook her head. Without comment, she held the remains of the tissue against the wall. Almost immediately, a layer of skin began to form over it. After it had thickened, the bladder filled with liquid and began contracting and expanding like a beating heart until the tissue was no more than soggy fibers swirling around. The process of filling eggs continued.
His curiosity got the better of him and he infringed on her experiment. "What is it?"
She turned to him with a smile. "Congratulations, Bankum, you're going to be a daddy."
He didn't appreciate her humor. Not Now. "Get serious, Vascar."
"Maybe they'll get their mother's looks."
Now, he was really annoyed. "Maybe you should leave the corny jokes to the comedians."
Her jovial frame of mind perished under his stare. "Sorry. You're right." She pointed to the wall. "These are her babies," she said as she stared at Daniel with a look of awe on her face. "You were just the sperm donor, Bankum."
There were a lot of questions floating around inside his head. He couldn't connect the dots. A burst of glowing green letters blazed across his visor. "I'm picking up a transmission," he said. "It's from the Proteus."
They both waited.
The transmission stopped.
"What was it?" she asked.
"The Proteus just transmitted its DNA signature to the Lady Luck."
"What's the Lady Luck?"
He tapped his gloved hand against his bubble helmet like he could dislodge the information and it would bob to the surface. It seemed to work. "It was another bio-ship. A deep space hauler." He stopped rapping his hand against the helmet. "The military took command of it during World War Three to haul military supplies."
"You think we're on the Lady Luck?"
His brow wrinkled as he looked at the leathery sacks, and he shook his head. "No, it can't be."
"Don't you see? If Lady Luck was a bio-ship, then it could have somehow mutated." She thought about it for a second. "Evolved."
"Evolved into what?" he asked.
"A mother ship. A floating reproductive system."
He wanted to scoff at her hypothesis, but she was the expert in this field. "But why?"
"Hold on, let me check something." Brenda ran a history on the Proteus and was shocked by what she discovered. "I just got a run down on the Proteus' protocol. It's mission is hard coded without a way to override it. It's military targets are now heavily populated civilian sectors on Earth."
"But it's damaged and can't make the trip."
She turned to Daniel. "We have to destroy the Lady Luck. Now!"
"What's the connection?"
"These two bio-ships just mated using your sperm, Bankum. Thousands of offspring could travel to Earth and finish what the Proteus was programmed to do. Millions of people will die," she said, "if we don't do something." Brenda tugged at one of the eggs until she grew red in the face. "No use." She let go. "What can we do? We don't have much time."
Effervescent green letters scrolled across his face visor. "I think I just got an answer to your question. The stern of the White Star is in the vicinity."
She shrugged. "How is that going to help us?"
"The anti-matter generators are located at the back of the stern. If we can get aboard, I'll overload them, and if the safety devices are functioning properly, they'll dump."
She cocked her head. "And what will that do?"
"It'll create one of the largest black holes you've ever seen."
She'd never seen a black hole, but that really didn't matter. Matter, she thought. There was humor in that, but she didn't smile. Existence for them was about to come to an abrupt halt. "Come on, Bankum, let's do this before our life support systems go caput."
He scanned their readouts. There wasn't much time left on the clock.
They quickly followed a passage which led to another chamber. "Look at that." He pointed at a large honeycomb formation. Each cell was about the circumference of a fifty-five gallon drum. He approached and peered through the hazy membrane into the jelly substance behind it. Empty eye sockets of a skull stared back at him in agony, its open mouth perpetually frozen into a silent scream. The hundreds of individual cells were filled with skeletal remains of assorted creatures in different stages of digestion. A look of horror washed across his face as he stared at two empty cells.
"Do you think those were made for us?"
"Probably. An expectant mother needs to eat."
"We're not on the menu yet." He thought he caught a glimpse of a smile and found her enchantment disturbing. Even though Daniel didn't share her enthusiasm, he stood mesmerized by the sight. He broke the spell. "We have to keep moving." 
He scoured the cavern for an escape route. He turned the external light on his helmet back on and chased back the darkness, and in the dim light, another channel made from the same smooth alabaster-like material lay ahead. The narrow tube was only a few yards long and they stepped out to a huge cavern. On the far end the grotto opened to the vastness of space. In the distance was the Proteus.
From the corner of his eye, Daniel caught the movement of a large shape untangling itself from the darkness as it moved into the penumbra of light. He turned his head. The atomic wart moved toward them at lightning speed. He pulled Brenda along and they ducked back inside the small passage. As he hoped, the entrance was too small for the atomic wart to enter.
They both breathed hard and leaned against the wall to catch their breath. The alarm inside his helmet sounded and a calm female voice said, "Life support has now reached critical levels.
"One of us is going to have to distract it," he said, "so the other one can make it to the opening of this thing and use the compressed air to propel over to the White Star's stern."
"It looks like I draw the short straw," she said. "You're the only one that knows anything about the generators."
She was right.
Brenda took a step toward the mouth of the tunnel, but stopped and turned around. Her eyes met his. He saw regret in them. "If you and I only had—" She didn't finish, but said the rest of it with a look.
He nodded.
She stepped out and ran. The atomic wart was on her heels.
He could here Brenda's labored breathing through the earphones as she ran. He thought he heard her whimper like a frightened little girl.
"OH MY GOD!" She screamed, "NO!"
He broke the com-link. Anger welled up inside him. He was going to get revenge on the atomic wart, but not now. The thing would be like a turd getting flushed down the toilet when Daniel opened the black hole. He scrambled out of the fissure and ran. Ahead, was the opening, and beyond that, the vast openness of space. Like an expectant father, the Proteus lingered nearby and in the background the remains of the White Star somersaulted slowly toward the Leviathan.
The effervescent green letters scrolled across Daniel's visor letting him know that he was now in reserve power and all support systems would be shutting down in fifteen minutes. He looked across the expanse. Hair-like formations sprouting from the floor waved back and forth like they were influenced by unseen currents.
Daniel edged up to the brink of flagella. A red light inside his helmet flashed on and off. There was no time left to waste. He stepped in and began to wade. Halfway through his jaunt, a form rose out of the furry waves.
The atomic wart blocked his way. "Move!"
Slowly, it edged closer.
Inside his head, he heard the repeat of Brenda's pleas. Anger well up inside him.
It came within striking distance.
Daniel raised the spare cylinder, ready to strike. "Come and get it!"
A tentacle whipped out of the darkness and wrapped around his wrist. He grappled with it, and as he did, his readings plummeted. Now, he was in dire straights of perishing on the spot. He stopped struggling. The moisture from his exerted breathing began forming a thin layer of ice inside his helmet. Within a few minutes, his sole purpose of existence was going to be reduced to the equivalent of a frozen dinner.
With every ounce of strength he could muster, Daniel aimed for the thing's head, if that's what you could call it, and swung with all his might.
SMACK!
It quivered like a Jell-O mold and loosened its grip. Daniel hit it again. This time, the thing's skin split and spewed gray goop that instantly crystallized in the subzero temperature. The tentacle shackling his arm let go and the monstrosity collapsed. Inside the rip, Daniel thought he could see a gloved hand and part of a bubble helmet. He hated the thing and wanted to stomp it into a pile if mush, but there wasn't time.
Daniel headed for the opening. When he got there and looked out, the stern of the White Star held its slow and steady approach of flipping end over end. With his back to the void, he planted his heels on the edge. For this, he needed the mirror strapped to his wrist. He timed the rotations and when the timing was right, Daniel squeezed the manual evacuation valve. The burst sent him spiraling uncontrollably out into the void.
It took several short bursts to gain control of his trajectory, and when he looked back, he was headed for the White Star. He hoped he'd timed it right. He squeezed the release trigger and accelerated his approach. Daniel slammed into the hull.
A few feet away, sharp tines of twisted metal poked out like thorns on a sticker bush. He carefully crawled across the razor-edged metal and pushed himself inside the craft. It was dark, and the gravity generators were down. His exterior light lit the way, but quickly ebbed. He floated in the zero gravity like a helium balloon. He'd have to use what remained in the air cylinder to propelled himself to the anti-matter generators.
Daniel fired off a blast that sent him deep into the bowels of the ship. When the inertia depleted itself, he looked around, found familiar scenery, and figured he was halfway there. The trek thus far had been unobstructed, but now a maze of twisting pipes lay before him. The temperature inside his suit dropped another ten degrees, and ice crystals, forming on his visor, grew another layer thicker. Daniel cleared it, but that put a ding in his battery. He compensated by cutting power to the lights. They winked out and he was surrounded by darkness.
Daniel grabbed hold of one of the pipes and pulled himself along. He must have taken this path about a thousand times during his service aboard the ship, but he quickly found himself disorientated and quite lost. He could turn on the exterior lights and risk eating up the rest of his battery, or— He continued to grope his way along and came to the end of the run of pipe. Certain that he was in the generator room he ignited his headlamp.
A sheet of ice had formed inside his visor and obscured his view. It took a minute for the crystals to clear and the beads of water to run down the inside of his visor. There wasn't much time, and he didn't think that he had enough power left to clear it again, not without completely draining his power source. With a sense of urgency, he looked around.
There in the far back of the room stood the anti-matter generators. He pushed off on one of the pipes like a swimmer pushes off the side of a pool and jetted out to them. He latched on to the control board to break the momentum. He jerked to a stop. Daniel quickly scanned the board. Ice was already forming in his visor again. He found the switch for the ship's auxiliary back up. He switched it on.
The room remained cold and dark, the generators dead.
There had to be something he overlooked. He frantically searched the board for anything and found nothing. The suit's light faded out like a dying ember and the temperature inside of the suit plummeted. The air burned his lungs. In a few moments they would freeze solid.
Frantically, in a last-ditch effort, he began flipping switches and turning knobs.
The board lit.
All of the generators came on.
Daniel coughed and droplets of blood splattered on his visor and froze. He was seconds away from death. His body numbed.
His fingers didn't want to work, but he coaxed enough dexterity out of them to dial up the power.
He waited.
The light bars blipped a few times before they remained lit.
Thin strips of light slowly crept up the scale.
"Hurry!" He didn't recognize his voice.
He felt the thrum of the generators coursing through his body as the machinery rose to critical operating conditions.
Visual alarms flashed red.
It would be after he was gone that the anti-matter generators dumped and created the black hole.
He counted it out. Five...four...three...two...one...
Blackness.
Out of the void came light.



















Them

Mr. Robbins pulled a small piece of jagged, silver metal out of his casserole. He held it up close to his thick glasses, got a surprised look on his face, and raised it into the air.  "Waitress, there's a piece of the space shuttle in my lunch." 
The guy at the next table grabbed it and looked it over. "That's not a piece of the shuttle," said Ernie. "I'll bet the new cook lined the casserole dish with aluminum foil." He handed it back to Mr. Robbins. "Tell Millie, and I'll bet you get you get a free lunch." He winked.
The old man held the foil scrap closer to his varnished corneas for a better look. After he'd scrutinized it, he scratched the white patch of thinning hair on top of his head. "You know it wasn't the space shuttle like they said it was."
"What are you talking about?"
He looked agitated that the other diner patron wasn't on the same page as him, and it resounded in the tone of his voice. "I'm talking about the thing that crashed in the woods not too far from here." 
"Of course it wasn't," Ernie replied. "It was a satellite, or pieces of it anyway."
He shook his head. "It was a flying saucer."
"What makes you think that?" he asked.
"Why else would NASA be out here after that thing came down?"
"Because it was their satellite."
"The men in black were with them."
"FBI!"
"They had tracking dogs," said Mr. Robbins. He raised his chin at Ernie, looked down at him, and doled out his next statement in disjointed words. "Sniffing-out-little,-gray-skinned-aliens." He sniffed.
"It was a satellite, you old fool!" 
The old man shook his head. "It was a flying saucer, and the aliens aboard that thing are still running around here." The wrinkled folds of his lids narrowed down until his milky eyes were thin slits. "They're probably plotting to take over earth."
Good!" said Ernie. "Maybe they'll do a better job running the planet than the politicians." He stood.
"Where you going?"
"Home." He started to walk off.
Mr. Robbins latched on to Ernie's arm. "Wait a minute."
"What now, Barry?"
"Shouldn't we call the army or something like that?"
Ernie scowled and shook his head. "Who's been filling your head with all this nonsense?"
"Corky Lindsey, and it ain't nonsense."
Ernie looked across the diner at the man sitting at one of the tables drinking coffee and talking to another elderly man, voices low and articulating concern.
Corky popped an antacid into his mouth. He ran his calloused hands through his gray hair, leaned across the table, and looked Ben square in the eyes. "Herbie disappeared right after he wrote that blog about how the government is being taken over by extraterrestrials and posted it on the Internet." He dragged the glass container of sugar over the nicks and scars on the diner's table to the cup of black coffee resting next to his elbow. Mel, the owner of the restaurant, had refused to replace the tabletops laden with decades of names and dates inflicted by sharp-edged knives. Mel called it nostalgia and said they added character. Corky just figured that he was being cheap.
Ben's sarcastic look highlighted the wrinkles around his eyes. "Somebody should have their butt kicked for showing that old idiot how to get on the Internet in the first place." He pulled the castor chair that once resided in Mel's office closer to the table.
"I've been askin' around and ain't nobody seen him since Friday a week ago." Corky lifted the container and turned it upside down. A steady stream of sugar poured like a crystal waterfall into his cup. He set the sugar down, grabbed his spoon, and began to stir.
Ben lifted a forkful of scrambled eggs to his mouth and stuffed them in. He chewed them into slurry and said, "That don't mean nothin'." He chased the eggs with a bite of toast and a sip of black coffee.
Corky lifted the cup to his lips, narrowed his eyes, and defiantly stared over its rim at Ben. "Ainsworth told me that he watched a black car pull up in Herbie's driveway," he took a sip, and swallowed, "and then he saw the Men in Black knock on his door and haul him away." He slowly lowered the cup.
A puff of air escaped Ben's lips and he smirked. "That don't mean anything. They could have been anybody. Anyways, Ainsworth is senile. Everybody knows that."
Ernie walked up to the table with a scowl on his lips and fire in his eyes. He looked down at Corky. "You need to stop spreading stories about flying saucers and little gray men before you get this town in an uproar." The storm brewing on his face intensified. "That's all I've got to say." He walked away. The glass door rattled when he pushed it open. 
As they watched him stomp off into the parking lot, Ben said, "Maybe he's right. You should keep this on the down low." He raised his cup in the air and motioned to waitress for a refill.
The girth of the waitress's hips filled the void of the narrow aisle as she lethargically moved toward them with a full pot of coffee in her hand, stopping at each table to replenish half-empty cups. Two years ago, Millie Downs had been a perky, petite thing gliding up and down the aisle with her long, brown hair pulled neatly back into a ponytail, ready to offer a friendly smile to anyone that stepped through the door of the diner. That was, until she took up with Toby Barnes, the village idiot. He had nothing better to do than run up and down the road in his rusted-out Chevy pickup, spending Millie's tip money on beer, weed, and his secret teenage lover that everyone in town knew about, including Millie. He had a hot temper and a short fuse. The fresh welt beneath her left eye, beginning to ripen into a dark bruise, was a testimony to that fact.
Ben watched her approach, turned back to Corky and whispered, "Now shut up, you old idiot. Don't talk that nonsense where somebody else can hear it."
Millie gazed out from behind a tangle of oily bangs with hollow eyes. "More coffee?" She held out the now half-empty pot.
Corky nodded his head and held out his cup. As she poured, he asked, "Hey, Millie, have you seen Herbie?"
"Moron." Ben's lips straightened out into a hard-pressed line and his eyes narrowed.
She finished filling the cup and turned her head to the empty table across the room where Herbie regularly sat. She turned back to Corky. "No, not since last week, when he came in for his usual breakfast of pancakes and eggs."
"See, I told you." He pointed to the empty table. "Herbie ain't missed a meal here in over ten years. Not even when his Noreen passed away. This is like his second home."
Ben poked his empty fork in Corky's face and repeatedly jabbed the air. "I told you to shut up."
A spark of curiosity flickered in Millie's eyes. "What's going on?"
"Nothin'," Ben quickly blurted out.
"Seems Herbie has got himself into some kind of trouble with the government—or worse," Corky replied. "I think it's aliens."
Millie's face that had been devoid of any expression for nearly two years suddenly blossomed with surprise. "Aliens?"
Fran Goodman stopped in mid-chew and adjusted her hearing aid. She looked up and said loudly through a mouthful of oatmeal, "Aliens? What kind of aliens are you talking about, Corky Lindsey?"
The chatter in the diner ceased and all eyes fell upon Corky.
"See, I told you to shut up," said Ben. He looked around the room into the curious stares. "This babbling old fool don't know what he's talkin' about."
"I know damn well what I'm talking about," Corky replied. He stood up.
Ben tugged at Corky's suspenders. "Sit down."
"Herbie Fletcher went missing after writing a blog about aliens taking over the government. You can ask Ainsworth if you don't believe me. The Men in Black came and took him away."
"Now you done it." Ben released Corky's suspenders with a snap.
Jason Dillenger looked nervously around the room from beneath his ball cap. Then the fair skin of his cheeks blushed red. "I saw something."
Millie set the coffee pot down on the table next to Corky's cup. "What'd you see, Jason?"
He lowered his head and the bill of his cap eclipsed his fresh, young features.
"Come on, tell us," one of the male patrons coaxed. "What did you see?"
"Lights." He raised his head. "Up there, in the sky. Saturday morning, before daylight, I was out in the field and I saw lights. My tractor died out and wouldn't start until they left." He lowered his head back down.
Ben shrugged. "That don't mean nothin'. The lights could have been a plane."
"And I found one of my prize heifers out in the pasture—dead."
"Cows die sometimes." Ben shrugged again.
Jason shook his head. "She was ripped open and her innards were missing."
"Wild animals," Ben retorted. "There's coyotes all around these parts."
"What about the lights in the sky?" Corky asked. "What'd they look like?"
"Brightest things that I have ever seen," Jason replied. "They floated over my head about five-hundred feet in the air. Three smaller ones moved in a circle around a bigger light. And, they didn't move like an airplane or a jet. They zipped off at an upward angle."
Corky looked down at Ben. "How do you explain that?"
"I'm just sayin'; we need to look for a logical and rational explanation for all of this, 'cause I'm sure there is one."
The sound of a toilet flushing penetrated the thin-paneled walls. Hinges squeaked and a tall man wearing overalls emerged from behind the restroom door wiping his hands on a brown paper towel. "I heard everything," he said. He wadded the paper into a tight ball and tossed it onto a vacant table. "Corky's right, something's going on."
Ben groaned. "Not you too, Merle."
Barry Robbins held up the fragment of aluminum foil. "I found a piece of the flying saucer in my casserole."
The tall man held up his hand, "Just wait a minute, and hear me out." He dropped his hand. "I saw Evan Billingsley this morning and he told me that Saturday afternoon, his wife went out to the field and found a large, round patch of corn had been mashed flat to the ground like something big and heavy had been sitting there. In addition, when she got back to the house, she became ill. He said that Eva hasn't felt well enough to get out of bed since Saturday."
A well-dressed man in his late thirties fidgeted with the morning newspaper, folded it, and placed it down on the table. "That would coincide with the timing of Jason's lights."
Everyone but Ben silently nodded their heads in agreement.
"They could still be here," Corky replied. "Just because the mother ship is gone, don't mean some of them ain't still here walkin' around."
Ben's expression soured. "Don't be stupid. Even I know they're supposed to be little, skinny, gray critters with big eyes." He looked around the room. "I don't see anyone here that fits that description."
The front door opened.
Fran shrank back in her chair and gasped. "Oh my God!"
A small, thin man with a shaved head wearing a pair of oversized, dark sunglasses entered the diner.
The newcomer frowned. "That's not quite the reaction that I was expecting."
Fran slapped a hand over her heart and let a nervous laugh. "Mayor Grundy." She took in a few sips of air and let out a sigh of relief. "Sorry, I didn't recognize you."
Mayor Grundy patted his belly. "My doctor told me I had to shed forty pounds or suffer the consequences." He looked around the room. "I've been on medical leave while I did eight weeks at the fat farm. Nothing but raw food and synergistic blends of organic juices." He turned to Millie. "Get me a heart-smart breakfast, and a cup of black coffee. God, I've really missed my coffee." He continued to surf through the stares and gawks. "What's wrong with you people? Didn't any of you miss me?"
The patrons remained silent.
Corky pointed to the top of the mayor's head. "You're bald."
He reached up, rubbed his scalp, and smiled. "Yep, I shaved off what was left of my thinning hair." His hand dropped away. "I figured I was due for some changes." He plotted a course for an empty table and along his way he proudly announced, "The last time I was in here there wasn't this much room in the aisle, but I tell you, I'm so hungry, I could eat a cow."
Jason Dillinger's eyes grew wide.
The rest of the eyes in the room trailed the mayor as he gave Ben a nod and faint smile as he walked passed him. He sat down. "I feel like a different person." He settled back in his chair. "Things seem a little different here since I got back." He nervously tapped the top of the table with his fingertips and fed the tension hanging in the air. "You all seem to be a little uptight." He stopped tapping. "What's going on around here?"
"Maybe you could tell us," Corky replied.
The mayor looked confused. He shook it off and smiled. "Well, as a matter of fact, I can. While I was away, I had time to think about making some changes around here."
Merle stiffened up. "What kind of changes?"
The mayor's smile broadened. "You'll see. I've got a big surprise in store for everyone in this town." He looked across the room to the clock hanging on the wall. "I should be at my office right now getting things started." He motioned to Millie. "Make my breakfast to go, would you?"
"Sure, Mayor." She ducked through the kitchen door.
He stood up. "I'll be calling for a town-Grundy meeting real soon and I'll let you all in on what's about to happen here."
Millie slipped back through the kitchen door holding a Styrofoam plate in one hand and a to-go cup in the other. She walked them to the other end of the counter and plopped them down. She rang up the total on the cash register. "That'll be five dollars and eighty-six cents."
Mayor Grundy handed her a ten. "Keep the change." He scooped the containers from the counter and left the diner.
Corky waited for the door to close. "Did you hear what he just said? That's proof enough for me."
"It makes sense," Merle replied. "They would infiltrate the government right down to the tip of the root."
Norman Catcher sat at a table digging the grime from beneath his fingernails with the sharp end of a toothpick. He looked up. "I was starting to think that all of you were crazy." He turned his head and stared out through the plate-glass window as Mayor Grundy got in his car. He looked at Corky. "But he sure does look like one of them little—"
"Fudder muckers," Corky interjected. "And, if they're smart enough to build a ship that will fly through space then they can probably disguise they way they look." Corky scanned the room. "Hell, they could be any one of you."
"What about you?" Merle replied. He poked his finger out at Corky. "For all I know, you could be one."
"You both should keep your wits," Ben stood up and stepped in between the two men, "and realize that there is no such thing as little gray men from outer space. Even if there was, they probably don't mean any harm."
Jason stared at Ben from under the bill of his grimy cap. "Why are you defending the aliens?"
Ben held up his hands in the air. "Just wait a minute here. I'm not defendin' anybody or anything. I'm just sayin' that we should look into this before we jump to any conclusions."
Merle turned his accusing finger at Ben. "Maybe you're one."
Ben lowered his hands. "Come on, Merle, you've known me all of your life."
"I know Ben Bates." Merle stepped back. "But maybe you ain't him."
A rusty pickup roared into the parking lot, skidded to a stop, and stirred a cloud of loose dust that swirled away on the morning breeze.
Millie stared out through the glass. She slowly reached up and gently touched the welt beneath her eye.
Corky witnessed her action. "Don't worry, you're safe in here."
The glass door rattled and opened. Toby Barnes's tall, thin frame looked like it had been swallowed by an extra large T-shirt and pair of baggy jeans; his waistband drooped off a pair of once-white boxer shorts. He rubbed at the spackles of hair on his chin. "What are ya'll looking at?"
Corky replied, "What do you want?"
Toby waded through the gauntlet of eyes casting silent judgment. He left a faint smell of beer and stale cigarette smoke hanging in the in his wake. "I'm here to have some coffee and to see my girl."
Millie looked down at the floor.
Toby sat down at the bar, pulled a cigarette from behind his ear, and stuck it in between his lips. He spun around on the stool and smirked. "Any of you gentlemen have a light?"
Corky fished out a book of matches from the pocket of his jeans and tossed them.
Toby snatched them out of the air and turned them over. He looked up at Corky with a wide, deviant grin. "The Fox's Den, huh?" He winked, plucked a match out of the book, and struck it. He lit his cigarette, blew out a puff of smoke, and then shook the fire off the stick. He thumped it at the NO SMOKING sign posted on the door. He held the book of matches up.
Corky said, "You keep 'em."
Toby tucked them in the pocket of his jeans and looked around the room. "What the hell's wrong with you old limp wieners? You look like you all seen a spook or somethin'." He looked over at Millie. "Now, how 'bout that coffee, baby?"
Merle sat down and tossed his hat on the table. "Why don't you just get your coffee to go?"
Toby thumped an ash to the floor. "Last time I looked, this was a public place. I think I'll stay awhile." He spun back around on his stool and faced the bar.
Corky reached out and tugged on Millie's wrist. "You don't have to serve him."
She gently pulled free. "It's okay." Millie squeezed through the narrow aisle and slipped behind the bar. She reached down, produced a white cup, and set it on the counter. She began to pour.
Toby laid his smoke down on the edge of the bar and waited until she finished pouring. He grabbed the top part of her arm. "Hey, babe, got a little cash on you?"
She shook her head. "I don't get paid until Friday." She tried to pull free of his grip.
He gritted his teeth and clamped down harder on her arm. "I need some money. I know you get tips. These old farts in here seem to like you." He squeezed even harder. "Now, hand it over, you fat sow."
She turned her body and pulled free from his grip that left red imprints of his fingers on the soft flesh of her arm. Millie reached down into the pocket of her white apron and dredged up a handful of bills. She plopped them down on the counter. "That's all I have."
He picked up the cash and slowly counted it out. He smiled, grabbed his smoke, and deposited it back in his mouth. "I'll see you later." He spun around and stood up to walk away. He met looks of disapproval and stopped. "What? You think your little high school homecoming queen here is a little angel?"
The looks persisted.
"I got news for you; I could tell you a thing or two about Little Miss Innocent here."
Corky said, "Just take the money and get out of here, Toby."
He took the cigarette from his mouth and thumped it down on the floor. "Alright, I'll let you old folks get back to your swappin' stories or whatever the hell it is you do here." He spun around and shoved the door open and left.
A moment later, the truck door slammed and the engine cranked. Toby left black marks on the street as the rear tires gnawed at the pavement.
Corky and Ben sat back down in their seats.
Merle grabbed his cap from the table and pulled it over his thinning gray hair. "Well, I'm going to forget about what happened here this morning and get back to the fields." He stood up. "And I suggest that you all drop this nonsense and do the same." He turned to leave.
The radio that had been playing non-stop Golden Oldies suddenly popped and static drowned out the song.
Millie turned around and twisted the knob in search of another station. Her effort produced more static. "I'll turn it off," she said.
Wait." Merle pulled his cap off his head.
"What is it?" Corky asked.
"Listen."
Everyone in the restaurant grew silent and turned an ear toward the radio.
After a moment, Jason asked, "What are we listening for?"
Merle slowly sat back down. "Don't you hear it?"
Jason shook his head.
"Voices," Merle said. "And they ain't human." He motioned to the radio with his hand. "Millie, turn it up, would you?"
She gave it a sharp twist and static filled the room. It carried in the far background a faint voice that sounded like someone speaking in an unknown tongue through the spinning blades of a fan.
Fran perked up over her bowl of oatmeal. "I hear it. There's more than one voice." She made an adjustment on her hearing aid. "They sound like they're talking back and forth to each other."
Corky leaned toward her. "What are they sayin'?"
She tweaked the dial and her hearing aid squawked from the feedback. She flinched and turned it down. Then she shook her head. "Don't know. I never heard that language before. It doesn't sound like anything from this planet."
Ben jumped up from his seat. "Hold on, people." He pointed to the radio. "It's static, nothin' more. Your minds are playin' tricks on you."
A loud omnipresent hum filled the air and the lights in the restaurant dimmed. Within seconds, the humming stopped and the lights grew bright again. The radio popped and a song rattled the speakers.
"Oh my God!" Corky sank in his seat.
"What's wrong with you, idjit?" Ben asked.
Corky nervously held up his hand and crooked his finger at the radio. "That song. Don't you get it?"
Everyone turned their heads to the radio and listened to Neil Diamond belting out one of his signature songs.
Corky let his hand fall limply into his lap and his complexion went ash. "It's code."
All eyes turned back to Corky.
"It's just what Herbie Fletcher was trying to warn us about before the Men in Black hauled him away." His brown eyes darted nervously back and forth. "That song is about aliens coming to America. The DJ down at TBRX was friends with Herbie and now he's trying to warn everybody."
"Now I know you're out of your fool mind. You need to stop this talk before you get everybody all fired up and start a riot," Ben warned. "Millie, turn that off."
Jason reached for the can of snuff in the pocket of his jeans. "Then how do you explain what just happened with the radio, the lights and that loud humming sound?"
"I can't. But I do know that it's not aliens."
Jason pointed his finger at Ben. "I think he's one of them."
Dave Summers pushed aside his plate of cold eggs and bacon. "Jason's right about you, Ben. You're either one of them or working with them. You were gone for about a month this last year. Where were you?"
"Vacation. I was in the tropics."
"Got any proof of that?" Corky asked. He moved in on Ben.
Merle waved his hands in the air. "Hold on."
Corky stopped.
"He might be one of them or might be one of us, but we shouldn't hurt the man if we're not sure."
"Then what do you suggest we do?" Jason asked.
Merle thought a moment and then he said. "I got a roll of duct-tape in my truck. We bind him up and put him someplace where one of us can keep an eye on him."
Jason placed a pinch of tobacco in between his bottom lip and gums. "Then what?"
"We find out what them little gray fudder muckers want," Corky replied.
Merle turned to Jason. "Go get the tape out of my truck. It’s in the glove box."
Jason nodded his head and jumped up from the table.
Ben's eyes filled with panic as he watched Jason walk to the door. "Do you really think that I'm goin' to stand here and let you tape me up?"
"Hey, Jason?" Merle called out.
Jason stopped at the entrance and turned around.
"Fetch my pistol from under the seat. Tuck it underneath your shirt so nobody out there sees you walk back across the parking lot with it."
Jason nodded and pushed past the door and stepped outside.
The panic in Ben's eyes was growing. "I don't know anything about aliens or spaceships. I swear."
"Maybe you don't, but then again, maybe you do." Merle grabbed Ben by the arm and pulled him down. "Now, just sit here and keep your trap shut." He turned to Millie. "Where's Mel today?"
"Home. He said he wasn't feeling well and took the day off. Only me and the cook are here. Why?"
"When Jason gets back inside, hang the closed sign and lock the door."
She nodded.
"Wait a minute." A thought rattled around inside Corky's head. One corner of his mouth turned up and he looked at Merle with a lopsided grin. "Eva and Mel are both sick. They could be turning into aliens or they might already be aliens." He was proud of himself for making the discovery, but the grisly realization ignited fear in the pit of his stomach. His grin fell flat.
Merle gasped, "I never thought about that. Good thinking."
The lopsided grin returned to Corky's lips and he nodded his head.
Jason pushed the door open and stepped back inside slightly hunched over and clutching the lump beneath his shirt like he was nursing a bellyache.
"What about the Mayor?" Corky asked.
"We'll take care of him soon enough," Merle replied. He motioned for Jason. "Did you get the stuff?"
"Yeah." He patted the lump beneath his shirt. "Got them both right here."
"Bring them over." He looked down at Ben. "First things first. Millie, lock the door and hang the closed sign."
"I could have said somethin' when Mayor Grundy came in," Ben protested. "But I didn't."
Corky leaned down and gritted his teeth. "You're not foolin' anybody. I saw how you and the Mayor looked at each other. You were talkin' telepathically with each other." He tapped the end of his finger on the side of his head. "I'm smarter than what you think I am."
Jason stopped at Merle's feet and handed him the roll of tape.
He took it. "Put your hands behind your back, Ben."
"I'm tellin' you that you're all makin' a big mistake and you're going to regret it later."
"Shut up, alien!" Corky slapped Ben upside the head. "I'm not afraid of you, you little gray fudder mucker."
"I wish you would quit calling them that. It's annoying." Merle grabbed one of Ben's wrists and pulled it behind the chair. "Now, give me your other hand."
Ben shook his head.
Merle dropped the tape to the floor, grabbed Ben's free hand, and barked out, "Come on."
Ben struggled against Merle's tight grip and began to get the upper hand in the battle.
A click interrupted the tussle. Jason stood holding the loaded pistol next to Ben's head with the hammer pulled back. "Just do it, Ben. It's for your own good."
Ben stopped struggling and placed his hand behind his back next to the other one.
Merle picked up the roll off the floor, bound Ben's wrists together, and then taped his feet to the chair. "Put him in the cooler for now."
"With pleasure." Corky grabbed the back of the chair and rolled him down the aisle toward the back of the restaurant where Mel had recently installed a new double-door, cold-storage unit. Corky opened one of the doors, he gave the chair a shove and it rolled to the back and banked against a sack of red potatoes. He tugged on the heavy door to close it.
"I've beaten you in the checker tournament down at the County Courthouse five years in a row," Ben blurted out.
Corky stopped and stared at Ben.
"No alien would know that," Ben continued.
"It's common knowledge." Corky started closing the door again.
"But I know that you let me win," Ben called out. "And I know why."
Corky stopped. He opened the door and stepped inside.
Ben slowly raised his head up and locked eyes with Corky. "Ever since my boy died in that car crash, you've been feelin' sorry for me. You've been lettin' me win so that I can have something to feel good about. That's never been said, not even between you and me."
Corky slowly nodded his head.
"Now, come over here and cut me loose."
Corky reached down into his pocket and pulled out a knife. He opened the blade and back-stepped out of the cooler. He turned around and peeked around the corner and saw Merle staring out the window and up into the clouds. Corky returned to the cooler.
Jason joined Merle at the window. "What do you suppose they want?"
Merle shrugged his shoulders. "Don't know. Maybe our natural resources." He studied the skies some more. He turned and looked at Jason. "Maybe we're a food source for them. You know, maybe we're just like a bunch of cattle they're preparing for the slaughter."
Jason flinched and made a face like he had just bitten into a piece of rancid meat. "You don't think that they're here to eat us, do you?"
"Who's to say?"
A hint of uncertainty surfaced on Jason's face. "I've been thinking about all this." A tentative grin parted his lips. "Maybe they ain't gonna eat us, but they need our bodies. Maybe they will take over every human on the planet until we've all been turned into those things. I'm almost positive you and I ain't one, and maybe not Corky." He looked back over his shoulder at the others wandering around the restaurant. He turned back to Merle. "But I ain't so sure about the rest of them."
Merle patted his revolver. "If we notice anybody acting suspicious, we'll put them in the cooler with Ben." He turned back to the window to watch the skies again. His jaw dropped and he tapped a finger against the glass. "Up there! I see something!"
Everyone rushed across the room, pressed their faces against the window, and looked up.
Dave Summers pressed his face flat against the glass and he rolled his eyes upward toward the skies. "I don't see anything." His words steamed the glass around his lips.
"It went behind the clouds," Merle replied.
"It was probably a jet." Dave pulled away from the glass.
Suddenly, all the electrical appliances went dead. Silence engulfed the room. The fluorescent tubes winked out.
Merle pointed up at the ceiling and gravely proclaimed, "I'll tell you right now, that wasn't a jet I saw."
"What did it look like?" Dave asked.
He formed a circle with his hands. "Round. Like a flying saucer."
Dave crooked his neck to stare into the heavens again. "The cloud ceiling looks pretty high." He turned to Merle. "Any chance that you could've been mistaken?"
Merle frowned. "You asked me and I told you what I saw."
The appliances kicked back on and the overhead fluorescents burst into light.
Merle turned to Millie. "Turn that radio back on."
She reached around and gave the knob a twist. Static poured from the speaker embedded with it the same warbling noise in the background as before.
Fran slapped her hands over her ears and squeezed her eyes shut. "Please turn it off. It sounds cold, like snow and ice."
"Sorry, Fran". Millie turned off the radio.
Norman Catcher grabbed his cap and stood up. "I don't know about all of you, but I'm going home."
Fran grabbed her purse from the floor. "Me too." She dropped a dollar bill on the table.
One by one, everyone in the restaurant prepared to leave.
Merle waved his hands in the air. "Hold on a minute and think about this. It's safe here. We've got enough food and water to last us at least a month. And I've got a shotgun in my truck with three boxes of shells left over from last hunting season. You'd all be a bunch of fools to set foot out there."
Norman turned to Millie. "Unlock the door."
Merle turned the gun on him. "Sit down. You ain't going anywhere."
Norman pulled his cap over his short-cropped hair. "My family is at home. And I'm going to protect them if the need arises."
"And I'm going to need all the manpower I can muster right here."
"Then you're just going to have to shoot me." Norman took a step toward the door.
Merle put his thumb on top of the hammer and cocked it back. "So be it." He curled his finger around the trigger.
"Wait!"
Merle relaxed his trigger finger and turned around.
Corky stepped around the corner with Ben following close behind.
Merle spun around and aimed the pistol at Ben's head. "What's he doing loose?"
Corky stopped and centered himself in front of Ben. "Put the gun down. He ain't an alien."
The tip of Merle's finger whitened as he applied a little pressure on the trigger. "What makes you think he's not?"
"Listen to me." Corky took a step.
"Don't make another move or I'll splatter what little gray matter is in your head all over these walls."
Corky held his hands in the air. "Put your gun away before you make a big mistake and hurt somebody."
Merle stretched the gun out farther. "You were back there a long time in the cooler with Ben." He stiffened his arms. "Maybe he got to you and you're now one of them."
"Look!"
Everyone turned around. Fran was standing at the front door pointing out into the parking lot.
A black car with dark-tinted glass pulled into the parking lot and idled to a stop in one of the empty slots. The driver's door opened and a man dressed in a black suit and dark sunglasses stepped out. He stood there a moment returning the stares of the diner patrons before he glided to the rear door of the car and opened it. A black alligator shoe, attached to an argyle sock, that connected to the cuff of checkered pants touched down on the concrete. The action duplicated itself as another foot joined the first. A moment later, a set of skinny fingers wrapped around the outer metal of the door. The car shifted as the passenger stood fully erect and a face crested above the top of the door.
"Well I'll be." Merle lowered his pistol.
A frail looking man slowly meandered across the parking lot as the driver returned to his seat, closed the door, and drove away.
The man reached the entrance and rattled the locked door.
"I'll get it." Millie dug down into her apron and produced a set of keys before she walked over to the door, jabbed the key into the lock, and gave it a sharp twist.
The man tugged the door open and stepped inside. He looked around the room and scratched the top of his bald head. "What the hell is going on here?"
Corky pushed his way up from the back of the crowd. "Herbie?"
The man nodded his head.
"Where've you been?"
Herbie smiled. "Vacation. My new son-in-law has a successful new business in the Florida Keys. He and my daughter flew me out there for a week."
Corky turned his head and looked out the window. "What about the car and the man dressed in black?"
"They hired a driver to take me to and from the airport." His smile broadened. "Of course, when I got back, this was the first place I wanted to come."
Merle let out a sigh of relief and tucked the pistol into his waistband.
Herbie nodded at the gun. "What's with that?"
Merle looked sheepishly around the room. "I'm afraid we've been a bunch of old fools letting our suspicious minds get the best of us."
"I know what I saw," Jason retaliated. "And what about my cow and the corn in Billingsley's field?" He pointed to the radio. "The voices?"
"Some things can't be explained," Merle replied. "Let it go." He turned his head and looked at everyone else. "We all need to let it go and keep what happened here to ourselves. Do we all agree?"
Everyone nodded.
Merle looked at Ben. "I'm really sorry, Ben."
Another car pulled into the parking lot. Merle looked at the clock on the wall. "Better get ready, Millie, it looks like the lunch crowd is coming in."
oOo
The next morning, Corky sat in Mel's Diner with a checkerboard placed between him and Ben. Corky said, "This year, I'm not going to hold back and I'm going to beat your sorry old butt."
"Good luck with that." Ben shoved a red checker onto an opposing square. "Your move."
Millie stared out from behind oily bangs with hollow eyes as she lethargically tromped up the aisle holding out a pot of coffee.
"Looks like everything is back to normal," Corky remarked. He picked up a checker off the board and readied it for his next move.
The front door opened and Herbie Fletcher walked through the entrance wearing a self-satisfied grin. He pushed past Millie and flopped down at the table with Ben and Corky. "Have you guys heard the news?"
Corky's eyes connected with Herbie's. "What news?"
"Somebody found that little teenage squack Toby Barnes has been doin' wandering along I-10 naked as a jaybird."
Corky set the checker down. "When?"
"This morning."
Ben sat up straight with a curious look on his face. "What happened?"
"This is where it gets juicy." He leaned across the table and lowered his voice. "They have her on the fifth floor in the hospital's mental ward pumped full of thorazine. She keeps babbling something about an alien abduction."
Corky slapped his hand down on the table and upset the checkers on the board. "Not this time, Herbie. Your stories have caused enough trouble already."
Herbie held up a hand like he was swearing into court. "So help me, it's the truth. It comes from a good source. I heard it from the head-nurse at Mercy that I dated awhile back."
Ben shook his head. "Knowing Toby, they were probably hopped on beer and drugs, that's all."
Herbie agreed with a nod of his head. "That might be true, but before I talked with Nurse Myrtle, I happened to be listening to my police scanner this morning."
Ben leaned in a little closer. "And?"
The police found Toby's truck parked at Miller's Creek. It was like something really hot had burned off all its paint. And about fifty yards away they found a big round impression in the ground like something heavy had been sitting there."
Corky dismissed the story with a shake of his head. "You're just never gonna quit, are you, Herbie?"
Ben's eyes rounded out wide and he pointed to the window.
Corky turned his head in time to see a tow-truck pass by with the scorched remains of Toby's pickup riding on the back.
"Now you believe me?" Herbie puffed out his skinny chest. "The scary part is, the girl said these gray, bug-eyed aliens ran some awful experiments on their bodies."
"Where's Toby?" Corky asked.
"That's where it gets grim," Herbie answered. "The girl said just before they let her go she looked across the room and saw Toby laying on top of a metal table with all of his innards removed. She was sure that he was dead." He looked up and saw Millie standing next to him holding a pot of hot coffee. "I'm sorry, Millie, I didn't mean for you to hear that."
Millie set the coffee pot down as a customer walked through the front door. She pulled her hair back into a ponytail and the light came back into her eyes. She beamed a large grin and said, "Welcome to Mel's Diner."
Across town, Mayor Grundy was down in his basement working on his big surprise for the town.







































Marionettes

Gazes locked—riveted, powerless
Frozen—on fire,
We're the only two in the world.
Time stops—captivated, helpless
Lost—we dive in
And spiral out of control.
Hopeful—puppets, performers
Spectators—critics of
A kaleidoscope of comedies and tragedies.
The finale—last curtain, the strings
Charred—brittle
And more than a little broken.
Ragged heaps—we pick up, move on
Tougher—wiser
And forever string-less.
~Sheila Williams~

The Killing Kind

Standing in front of the bathroom mirror in the Twilight Lounge, Gracie Phelps checked her makeup and made sure it was still camouflaging the fine telltale wrinkles that were beginning to show her age. She turned her head slightly and studied her pointy features in the artificial glow coming from the overhead Fluorescents. The last decade had eroded her youth and left her marginal looks less desirable to younger men. There had been a few recently, but they had not been around for long. The older male crowd at the Twilight still found her looks youthful and desirable. She shifted the spaghetti straps of her little black dress back into place, used her fingers to position her blond hair strategically around her green eyes; gave her reflection a practiced smile, and figured her looks would do for the night.
Voices, jumbled with a golden oldie playing on the jukebox, floated on a thick cloud of secondhand smoke. She put herself on parade by taking the long route through the barroom to see which regular she would offer the first smile of the evening. She sat down at her table in the center of the room, and her eyes came to rest on the newcomer sitting alone in the corner.
The diminished light could not hide his classic good looks. His long, dark hair flowed down over his shoulders in wavy cords. His athletic build filled out his jeans and white-cotton shirt in a way that could make a woman drool. She thought he looked like he could have stepped off the cover of one of the Harlequin Romance novels she occasionally threw in among the suspense thrillers she usually read.
He must have sensed her staring because he suddenly looked up and locked eyes with her.
She felt a rush of embarrassment burning her cheeks. She was normally shrewd at observing the room without appearing to be scoping the men out. Before she could look away, he offered her a smile that highlighted the dimples on both his cheeks.
She took in a deep breath and said to herself, play it cool, Gracie. Give the line a little slack. She returned a faint smile and pretended to be coy. She turned her head and took a sip from the drink that was now watered down by melting ice. I know how to play the game.
She feigned interest in the older, familiar gentlemen sitting around the table next to the new guy. She got up and made a graceful strut across the room while watching the mystery man through her peripheral to make sure he was following her with his eyes. She sat at the old men's table and pretended to be interested in the conversation by adding a remark or throwing in an occasional laugh while keeping her focus on the younger guy. When she felt the time was right, she excused herself, stood up, smoothed her dress against her thighs, and made a strategic turn that brought her around to face the handsome stranger. He was even better looking up close. His half-smile gave him a boyish charm. She felt a flutter in her stomach.
He remained seated and held out his hand. “Michael.”
Feeling captivated, she felt helpless to do anything else but automatically return the smile that she had practiced earlier in the restroom mirror. She slipped her hand into his. “Gracie.”
He wrapped his fingers around hers and gave a gentle squeeze. “I like that. It comes from the root word, grace.” He let his hand slip from hers.
Even after the tips of his fingers had parted from her palm, his touch left a tremble of excitement lingering throughout her body. “Are you a linguist?”
His smile broadened. “More like a writer.”
She laughed.
“What’s so funny?”
“I don’t know.” She shook her head. “I guess I’ve always pictured a writer as looking like a mole, squinting through a thick pair of glasses, and smoking a pipe.”
He laughed and nodded. “Yeah, that’s the successful ones. Then there are the ones like me.” He motioned to the empty chair.
“So, what do you write? Maybe I’ve read one of your books.” She inquired as she sat down.
“Science fiction."
She shook her head. "I've never read much in that genre."
"What do you like to read?"
“Suspense thrillers, mostly."
"I've been trying my hand at writing something similar.”
“What’s that?”
“A psychological thriller."
"I love those, too, but since I live by myself, I get scared sometimes, so I throw in an occasional romance to take the edge off." She worried that her nervous chatter had shared too much information too soon. That could be detrimental in many ways, so she decided to play it cool. “But I do have neighbors close by in case I need help.” She thought the statement seemed clunky and obvious, so she put the ball back onto his court. “Do you live alone?”
“No.”
She felt disappointed, but remained hopeful. “Girlfriend?”
“Nothing like that. I have a cat and a dog."
"What's their names?"
"Jules and Verne."
She shrugged.
"Twenty-thousand Leagues Under the Sea?"
She giggled. “Now I get it.”
“If you met them, you'd see what a couple of characters they are."
She wondered if he were making a play. Maybe she wouldn’t waste this Friday night at the old-timer’s bar by waking up next to a wrinkly dinkly, as she liked to secretly call them. “Can I? Meet them I mean.”
He looked a little taken aback.
“Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean tonight.” She fumbled for words. “I mean—maybe some other time.” She suddenly felt like she was drowning in an ocean of insecurity. “Not that I meant I was going to your place—“
“Tonight would be perfect,” he replied. "I was going to have to find a ride home. It may as well be with a pretty girl."
"Are you sure?"
He shrugged. “I've got writer's block, anyway. Might as well have some company."
“Having a little trouble, huh?”
He huffed. “Man, I wish it was just a little trouble. I haven’t exactly been prolific lately. It’s been a lot of work, and the thoughts just won’t come. I’m already two months past my deadline, and I’ve got an editor and publisher breathing down my neck. I came out for a walk; to try and clear my head.” He motioned to his foot. “That’s how I stepped off the curb into a hole and turned my ankle.” He let his hand drop into his lap. “And here I am.”
“Maybe I should take you to the hospital and have it looked at,” she offered.
“Can’t. I don’t have medical.” He smiled weakly. “Can’t afford it.”
Just her luck. The old men that were attracted to her had money and were harmless; but the young guys she was attracted to were usually not interested in her, or always broke and looking for a woman to take care of them while they played at having a career so they wouldn’t have to go out and get a real job. Or worse.
“I came in here to take the weight off and have a few beers to numb the pain.”
“Do you live close by?”
“Not far.” He winced and rubbed his ankle.
“I guess I could give you a ride.”
He nodded. “Thank you. I thought I was going to have to ask one of these old codgers for a lift or hop home on one foot.”
She observed a spot of blood on his shirt she had failed to notice earlier.
He caught her looking. “I've had a hell of a day. I cut myself shaving, too.” He placed a hand on each side of the spot and pulled his shirt out so he could observe it. “I guess I should have changed before I left, but I wasn't planning on going out on the town.”
She dug in her purse for her car keys and jingled them in the air when she found them. "Give me a few minutes to get to my car and I'll pick you up out front so you don't have to walk very far."
He nodded gratefully.
When she exited the Twilight, she left him sitting at the table. As she waded between the cars to her own used compact, she began to have second thoughts about giving Michael a lift back to his place. The events of the evening seemed too closely related to the book, The Dead Hour, she’d just read. The antagonist was a serial killer that lured his female victims by faking an injury. As she unlocked her door and crawled into the driver's seat, she thought she should just drive away, but then she told herself not to be silly. Gracie started the engine, slipped the shifter into gear, and drove around to where Twilight Lounge was flashing in red neon letters, and Michael was propped against the wall massaging his ankle.
She lowered the passenger side window and leaned over. “Okay, hop in.” The fear that she'd tried to ward off by chiding herself a few minutes ago returned. As she watched him hobble to the passenger’s door, she hoped she wasn’t making a decision she would later regret. She reached down, triggered the unlocking mechanism, and the locking post popped up. He opened the door and got in.
Gracie clicked her seatbelt into place and looked over at him. "Seatbelt?"
He shook his head. "Never wear the things."
She eased out of the parking lot, onto the street, into a bank of fog that had rolled in off the gulf. It obscured the details of the coastal town. She reduced her speed, leaned over the steering wheel, and strained to see the road through the droplets collecting on the windshield. She caught a red light, stopped the car, and turned on the wipers. The blades raked road grime and dust across the glass, smearing her visual of the outside world. She sat there listening to the beat of the wipers, waiting for the blob of red to turn green.
After the light changed, she steered the car down the empty street. Five minutes had passed before she realized the friendly conversation they had shared inside the club had given way to a chasm of silence. She still felt uneasy and turned on the radio. “You’ll have to tell me how to get there.”
He pointed. “Turn here.”
She made a hard left. "Could you give me more warning next time?"
“It's not my fault,” he said tersely. "It's hard to see anything in this fog."
Gracie lined the car out. The shift in his mood made her wary. Often, the loving and charming guy's disposition soured somewhere along the way, and she would end up in an abusive relationship. She always held on to the hope that the next man in her life would be different. She had been there one too many times. She'd recently adopted the philosophy; you either get the easy lesson or you get the hard lesson. She decided then and there, she wanted off easy tonight, and when they got to his place, she’d drop him off and leave. She eased her foot back down on the accelerator and looked at the odometer. She turned to him and asked, “Shouldn't we be getting close?”
“Not too much further.” He pointed to the right. “Turn.”
She jerked the wheel and barely made it. The quick change in direction pressed her into the door and caused him to lean into her. After she recovered, she reminded him, “A little more warning, remember?”
"Owwwww." He straightened up in the seat, grabbed his ankle, and winced. “Be careful.”
"Sorry." To calm the tempest she suspected was brewing, she decided to wrap up their evening together talking about his writing. “Do you mind telling me what your book is about?"
“No, I don’t mind. In fact, it might help jar something loose and get the flow going again." He straightened up in the seat. “It’s about this good looking guy that’s a serial killer and his female victims are usually a little older than him with fading looks. You know; an easy pick up." He held up a finger as if to emphasize his next statement. "And, he uses the ploy of being crippled…”
She began to feel a little panicky.
"I was thinking about giving him a really bad limp.” He looked at Gracie, cocked his head, and said through a lopsided grin, “You know, make them feel sorry for him; make them think he’s harmless.” His grin suddenly went flat.
The panic was growing.
She shifted her eyes back to the odometer and checked the mileage, wishing the trip was over, and she could be on her way. She watched the road, but stayed more aware of him in her peripheral vision.
Michael returned to his story. “I’m thinking of letting him pick this party-girl up, take her back to his place, and do something really gruesome. You know?”
All she could do was nod her head in agreement.
“This is a pivotal point in my writing career. I need something over the top.” He raised his hands in the air and splayed his fingers like he was praising something great. “Something that will bring my name, Michael Sanders, to the top with the rest of the greats." He turned to her maniacally and suddenly froze in the act; seconds later, the lunacy melted from his features, and he bluntly stated, "It needs realism."
His sudden emotional plunge made her shiver, and she began searching the rearview mirror, each side window, and through the windshield for a cop. The street was empty. She thought; there never was one around when you needed one.
He let his hand fall into his lap and said, “You could help make my story real.”
She wanted to scream, but she knew it would do no good. And, if he knew that she was on to him, he might just decide to end his little game sooner and dump her body in some remote area. No. She had to stay cool. “How can I help? I’m not much of a writer. I’m the reader, remember? Besides, I’m really bored with reading thrillers and leaning more toward romance novels. You know something light and fun. Have you ever thought about writing romance?”
“Romance is fluff,” he replied. “Don’t you see? Life and death, powered by the emotion of fear; that is real. Everyone is afraid of something, but not everyone is in love.” He nodded his head like he was agreeing with an inner-voice. “Fear is universal.”
She thought about slamming on the brakes and bolting from the car, but she wasn’t sure if he was faking his injury or not. He might catch her and bring her down before she had the chance to escape. Keep cool, she reminded herself, and don’t rattle his chain. “I see what you're saying. That's the crux of the matter. People are afraid of dying, and yet, they're more afraid of living."
"No. It's more the fear of the unknown. How it's going to happen. Then throw in an outside force like a psychotic maniac and ramp the fear up into the stratosphere."
She forced a smile. “Well, I told you I wouldn't be much help. But can I get a personally autographed copy from the author anyway?”
He heaved a deep sigh and the maniacal look returned. “Even better. I'll dedicate it to you.” He folded his arms across his chest and nodded while looking off into the far distance. A self-satisfied smile was plastered on his face. "Yeah, everyone will want my autograph." He suddenly thrust both hands up, grabbed hands full of air, and pulled his clutched fists down to his chest. “This will be the book they remember me by. My legacy. I'll be the king of all authors.” His demeanor suddenly flipped like a light switch being toggled by a mischievous kid. Calmness returned to his face. He lifted one of the hands he'd used a moment ago to conquer the world and pointed through the windshield to give direction. “Left turn coming up.”
They made the turn easily. “How much further?" she asked.
“Not far. I'll let you know.”
His vagueness brought more disturbing possibilities hammering at her imagination.
He drifted into silence again while staring blankly through the windshield and the darkness came back into his eyes. He suddenly sprang up in his seat.
She jumped.
“Do you know what my problem is?”
Said the spider to the fly, she thought. For some reason, she felt his question was a sticky web spun by his deranged mind to trap her. Tension traveled the length of her arms and settled into her hands. She gripped the steering wheel tighter. She was afraid to tell him what she really thought and afraid to leave the question hanging unanswered for too long either, so she responded with another question. "What's that?"
“Lack of experience,” he replied. “I’ve discovered that as a writer, I can only pull from my experience of life. That's what writing is all about, sharing a part of you.” He slapped a fist against his chest like a Roman centurion giving a salute. “I need to experience it before I can write about it.”
She noticed that the surrounding area had become less populated, and they were headed out on a desolate stretch of road. “Are you sure that we didn’t miss a turn somewhere?"
“We’re going the right way,” he assured her. “Just keep driving.”
She knew her chances for escape were getting slim. She had been in predicaments before, but the executive power of the Universe had always provided her with an out. Suddenly, a distant sound caught her attention. It was coming straight for them. She felt a spark of hope and was grateful for a second chance. She was basking in the triumphant twist of fate as the police cruiser appeared out of the fog with red and blue lights flashing and siren wailing. She thought it ironic how, in the recent past, she'd viewed the authoritative establishment as an adversary, but in that moment, her view changed. She needed the men in blue.
They zipped by.
She stared back through her rearview mirror; flabbergasted at fate's indifference. Most women would give up at this point. She thought, No ma’am, this girl’s not going down without a fight. Gracie slammed on the brakes, did a one-eighty like in all the great action movies, and gunned the engine. Dust and pea gravel spewed from beneath the tires as she floored the accelerator.
The rotation of the car had dislodged Michael from his seat and left him in an awkward position. She took advantage of his vulnerability and gave him a whack on the top of his head with her purse; loaded down with enough hard-edged womanly contents to make him cry out in pain. “Stay down.” She began blinking her lights and blaring her horn.
“That was stupid,” he growled and made a grab for the wheel.
"I'm not going to be your next victim."
There was a loud pop followed by the heart-sinking sound of a flat tire slapping against the pavement. She guided the car off the road and glided to a stop.
Michael hung his head, squeezed his eyes shut, and massaged his forehead like he was staving off a migraine.
She watched the taillights on the cruiser grow smaller and then disappear from view. The feeling of hopelessness returned. She wondered if perhaps God needed a good laugh at her expense. She had doubts whether He existed at all, because if He did, she was sure He would not stand by and let this kind of thing happen.
Michael stopped rubbing, let his hand slide dramatically down his face to fall into his lap, and stared up at her. “You know, women like you make things so difficult.”
She thought about launching another attack on his head with her purse while he was still off-guard, but that would only piss him off more and delay the inevitable. “Look, Michael, or whoever you are, let’s get this over with.” Fire sprang into her green eyes. “But let me tell you one thing. I’m not afraid.”
His crooked smile returned. “Awwww, come on. Don’t lie to me, you’re afraid. Like I said,” he paused and let tension charge the air, “we’re all afraid of something.”
Divine inspiration began as a tiny pinprick of light and rapidly swelled into an astounding idea. She didn’t hesitate. She didn’t question it. She just slammed her foot down on the gas pedal. The rapid acceleration forced Michael back into his seat. She grabbed her purse and whacked him across the bridge of his nose.
He winced and clutched his nose.
Sparks began to fly from the rim as the speedometer passed seventy.
He brought his hand down to examine the blood on the tips of his fingers. “What the hell do you think you’re doing?"
“Giving you a new ending for your book.” The speedometer passed eighty.
Gracie pulled her foot from the gas pedal and slammed it down hard on the brake. The tires squalled as the car went into a tailspin. She reached across Michael, who was struggling to upright himself, grabbed his door handle and pulled up; gave him a shove, and he instantly ejected out the open door, striking the pavement with a hard thump and rolled across the asphalt in a series of bumps and bounces. The compact completed the spin and came to rest on the side of the road. She let out a sigh of relief, pulled the passenger door closed, and stared into the rearview mirror at the crumpled body illuminated by the red glow of the taillights.
It made her think about the other younger men that had briefly entered her life in the past six months. They had been abusers that left an occasional bruise, a black eye, or a scar. Those men deserved their unmarked graves in an out of the way place, and maybe years from now some unsuspecting hiker or hunter will stumble upon the heap of bones and report the ghastly discovery to the authorities. But for now, her secret was safe; and without a body there was not a crime. The papers were calling the missing men a mystery, but there were rumors floating around that the authorities suspected it was the work of a serial killer. They had it all wrong. She was saving other innocent women from these monsters and the taxpayers' hard-earned money from housing the fiends in prison.
Michael was different than the run-of-the-mill abuser; she was sure of it. She recognized his character from the novels she liked to read; he was a stalker that methodically selected his victims for the shear pleasure of rape and murder. If she hadn't caught on to him, he would have killed her and walked free to satisfy his narcissist tendencies by reading about himself in the newspapers. But, she'd put an end to his manic shenanigans, and she would be the one reading about him in the dailies.
She caught movement in the rearview mirror. Michael might still be alive; or it could have been a trick of the eye, or maybe the wind rustled his white-cotton shirt. In any case, she had to be sure he was dead. Gracie shoved the car into reverse and stomped on the gas; the smell of burning rubber and the screech of tires filled the air. The suspension groaned as the rear wheels ran over his body. The jolt jostled her, and the car came to a stop straddling his corpse; it wouldn't do to have a random motorist or the police discovering the dead body while she was in the middle of changing the blown tire. She would rather avoid having to explain her involvement. The authorities might start putting it all together and twist her good deeds into a crime.
She popped the trunk and got out of the car. She dug through the compartment for the spare and the jack and pushed aside the shovel and bag of lye she'd used for disposing the other bodies. She had learned from her favorite authors that patterns eventually led the police to the doorstep of the alleged killer. She needed to devise a new plan of disposal that would send the detectives on a wild-goose chase and let the trail grow cold. She loosened the lug nuts as a big smile blazed across her lips, and she thought; maybe there was a God after all, and she was a marionette doing His will, because all of the elements were here that pointed to an unfortunate mishap. It was dark and desolate along this stretch of road. It was foggy with low visibility; poor Michael was walking home and had become the victim of a hit and run.
She slipped the spare tire on and tightened the nuts back down. Her smile faded away as she lowered the jack, tossed it and the spent tire into the trunk, and shut it.
As for herself, she had left the club alone. She was sure that all the old-timers had seen her walk out the door and leave Michael sitting at the table. She returned to the driver’s seat, plopped down, and thought all she needed now was an alibi, just in case. She smiled, nodded her head, and decided to drive back to the Twilight Lounge to pick up a wrinkly dinkly for the night. She envisioned herself talking to the authorities in the future and telling them that she had decided to call it an early night and had left alone; but on the drive back home, she had changed her mind and returned to the bar. "Case closed," she said aloud.
Gracie turned on the overhead light, angled the rearview mirror to check that her makeup was still intact and covering the fine, telltale wrinkles blossoming out from the corners of her green eyes, and gave herself a practiced smile.










The Same Old Nightmare

This was nine. God, how could she have been so stupid? She'd sworn to herself that there would never be another one after eight. She had made that same promise to the big-guy-in-the-sky and then asked him for help. Coaly Banks rarely prayed, but times like this constituted prayer; it demanded prayer.
She thought she must have some kind of weird compulsive disorder. People get them all the time and then they spend hours on some psychologist's couch staring at the ceiling and counting the cracks and wondering why spiders build webs indoors instead of the outdoors where there are plenty of bugs. She decided a long time ago, no sir; she wasn't going to spend good time and good money laying face up on some fake leather piece of furniture crammed in a tiny room while spilling her guts about how rough she had it growing up as a kid. She would handle the madness herself.
However, here she was again, waiting, standing in line with a bunch of sweat-soaked bodies, with the anticipation of doing it again. Sure, she could rationalize it; doing this was okay. She wasn't like the rest of the poor, mindless souls sharing the line with her. They couldn't help themselves; they were slaves to the monarchy of trivial pursuits.
Coaly was next in line and she felt the fanfare of expectancy tickling her toes and working its way up.
"Next," the ticket master called out.
She stepped up to the glass and felt the cool rush of air pouring through the round hole. Coaly opened her change purse and dumped the coins onto the stainless steel ledge. She carefully counted out eight quarters. It was part of the laundry money. Who would care other than herself? Besides, why should she worry about what anyone else thinks? She shoved the coins up to the open hole.
The ticket master's long, thin fingers reached out and raked the money inside. A ticket popped up from the rectangular slot.
Coaly snatched it up and clutched it tightly in her palm. This would absolutely be the last time. After today, she would go home and never come back.
She boarded the train that would take her to the meaningless job that she had begun nine days ago. Today would be her last day, she promised herself.















Boucherie

Brian Parks didn’t believe in the famous monsters of Hollywood any more than he believed in the tooth fairy or the sandman. Yet here he was, kneeling over a corpse with two small puncture wounds in the jugular vein and a stake driven through the dead man's heart. It made him wonder if the person they'd seen running away from the location was man or monster. Holly-weird just got weirder. He leaned in for a closer look.
Suddenly, a hand gripped his shoulder and tightly clamped down. Brian gasped, spun around, and found himself staring up into Sharon's blue eyes. "Don’t do that."
"Sorry." His new partner was breathing hard from the chase. "He got away." She bent over and placed her hands on her knees while she caught her breath.
The old-fashioned lamp, secured with a couple of ten-penny nails above the Rossini's Butcher Shop sign, suddenly dimmed. They both looked up at the swarm of bugs circling the light's chipped, green-enamel hood. A spider was eagerly attaching silky strands of web from the S-shaped mounting bar in anticipation of netting a huge catch for the night. Brian hated arachnids; the things gave him the heebie jeebies.
He grappled for the flashlight hanging from his belt, but before he could unclip it, the light perked back up and sent the shadows scurrying underneath the Dumpsters overflowing with garbage and back into the corners. He swatted a bug on his cheek that had escaped the lure of the light and smeared the blood across his face. He looked back up over his shoulder at her. He pointed at the corpse. "Have you ever seen anything like this?"
"Unfortunately, yes. But not this combination."
"What the hell do you mean?"
She kneeled down next to him and her long, black hair spilled over her shoulders, framing her classic Cajun good looks. "The punctures look like the bite of a vampire, but I’ve never heard of a vampire driving a stake through the heart of its victim. That’s something that a vampire hunter would do. Damn it. I thought I'd gotten away from the monsters when I left New Orleans."
"You can't be serious."
"I'm dead serious." She peered down at the victim. "There was nothing in today's briefing about cases like this."
"There hasn't been anything like this to report since I started on the force three months ago."
"Well, this is either an eerie coincidence or the nightmare is just beginning."
"I don't know what your game is, but I'm not going to fall for some spooky ghost story BS like some grade-schooler. So, just keep your fright night mumbo-jumbo to yourself."
"Well, I lived that fright night mumbo-jumbo, so believe me; I want to be wrong about it."
"Then on that, we can agree. You're wrong."
"So, what's your theory?" she asked.
"I don’t know." He shrugged. "I only believe in what I can feel, taste, see, hear, and smell. The rest is smoke, and we both know what happens when you try to grab a handful of smoke." He dug through the victim’s hip pocket, pulled out a wallet, and opened it to the driver's license. "George Stiles." He rummaged through the rest of the pockets. He held up a matchbook. "Here's an interesting artifact; Penelope's Place. It’s that new strip joint on the other side of town."
Sharon took it from his hand and opened it. "It has Kandie, with a K, and a phone number written in it." She handed the matchbook back to him and watched as he stuffed it into his pocket. "We need to call Chief Jaquette and get a team out here."
"He's going to be pissed." He shook his head. "Let's get out of here and let the next patrol find him."
"No way, Parks, you should have thought about that before you cruised us around town looking for trouble. Now you've got me in the middle of it."
"Hey, we could make up some story that explains why we're here."
She rolled her eyes. "Sure, we’ll just tell him that we discovered the body on our way to get coffee. I'm sure he'll buy that excuse."
"Well, before we get Jaquette involved, can we at least pay Penelope’s a visit and see if anybody knows who Kandie is? Maybe she can give us some history on this guy; see if he was there at the club tonight and got into it with someone, or maybe give us some other kind of lead." He stood up.
"You can't play by your own rules and just leave the body here."
"Well, while we’re standing here jaw-jacking that maniac’s getting away."
She looked him in the eyes. "Look, Parks, I know you’re gung-ho to build a reputation and get into homicide, but—"
"How do you know about that?"
"Guys sling more gossip around than any woman ever could, especially guys in our line of work."
Brian stared hard at her. "Well, that's none of their, or your, business. I just know, sometimes you’ve got to push the edge of the envelope to get what you want."
"Maybe, but I’ve had enough experience in this business to know that insubordination won’t just cost you a promotion, it could cost you your job, and get you blackballed everywhere else. I want no part of it."
He felt himself under fire and wanted to defend himself, but he couldn't argue with her logic. "Okay, I'll go call Jaquette."
She swatted a mosquito off the back of her neck. "I’m coming with you."
They got back into the cruiser and he made the call. "You do realize the Chief's arrival is going to come with thunder and lightning bolts?"
"Yep, we're in deep shit." Sharon grabbed the Styrofoam cup from the dash and took a sip of lukewarm coffee. "What did I do to get stuck with a renegade cop my first shift? What did you do before joining the police force, anyway?"
"Night security at Food Land."
"Well, I've got eight years in and know for a fact, you can't stray out of bounds and not expect to take heat from the higher ups. Hopefully you can get your old job back."
Brian shook his head. "Being there for ten years was enough for me."
Sharon sighed and gave up her lecture. "What brought about the career change anyway?"
He debated whether to dredge up the painful past or not and was silent for minute before he said, "When I was a kid, me, and Johnny Vesey went down to the bayou with a group of boys to dive off the bridge. When it was my turn, Johnny broke in front of me. Any other time, I would have shoved him out of line, but for some reason, that day I didn't. He did a half gainer and hit the water headfirst.
When he didn't come right back up, we thought he was messing with us. Two minutes must have passed before we started thinking that something might be wrong. We yelled and yelled, but he didn't come up. We all dove in looking for him." He looked off vacantly. "I found him. When I pulled him out, he wouldn't respond. I didn’t know if he was dead or alive and none of us knew what to do." He replayed the event over in his head and remembered looking down at Johnny's body while the others argued over what to do next. He broke the trance and the voices of the other boys faded back into the past. "Tommy Jensen rode his bike back into town. It seemed forever before a police cruiser came racing down the road with Tommy in the back seat. They loaded Johnny into the cop car and hauled him to the hospital."
"Did he live?"
"Yeah, he lived, but he never walked again or said another word. He had broken his neck. After he came home from the hospital, I went to visit him. He had this small chalkboard and scrawled out how the cops that drove him to the hospital were there every day to visit him. He decided that he wanted to be a cop. Of course we all knew that it would never happen." Brian fell silent.
"That happened years ago. Why wait so long?"
"Over the years, we just fell out of touch. I guess I couldn't get over the feeling that it was my fault. Then one day, about two years ago, I see Johnny rolling along the sidewalk in his wheelchair beaming this big crooked smile. He waved me down and wrote out that he'd discovered something that was going to change his life. He didn’t elaborate on what it was, but the next day I found out he died that night. I never heard the details. But, I couldn't forget that it could have been me that day on the bridge. He took my place, so after he died, I figured it was up to me to pay him back and become a cop." The memory drained from his eyes and he took in a deep breath and let it out. His faint smile was tainted with a hint of pain. "So, what's your story?"
"Eight years on the force in New Orleans." She got a far away look in her eyes and said, "I saw some pretty strange things when I was a patrol officer there." She snapped back with a faint smile on her lips. "I’m sure you’ve heard; it’s the vampire capital of the world."
"Nope. Can't say that I have. So why did you transfer to Los Angeles?"
"To get away from all the vampires," she replied nonchalantly.
"Don't start with that crap again."
"You asked. And, it's the truth."
"Well, I think somebody's playing head games." He pointed through the glass at the dead body. "This is the work of some lunatic trying to come off as a vampire. This guy is a real psycho."
"What makes you think it’s a male?"
Brian thought a moment and quickly came to the conclusion that his chauvinistic assumption that a real-life vampire would be a male was spurred from watching black and white re-runs on late-night television from under the protection of his covers when he was a kid. He shrugged. "I guess because most of the vampires in the movies are guys." After the words spilled from his lips, he remembered spending many a pubescent late night under the covers with his secret stash of Vampirella magazines, fantasizing about an erotic encounter with the seductress of darkness. But, he wasn't going to tell his female partner about that. He flipped the ignition key and turned on the radio to a classic country station.
"I've got something better." Sharon reached into the bag on the floorboard next to her feet, pulled out a CD, inserted it into the slot, and dialed up the volume on the Cajun tune. She swayed her head side to side to the rhythm of the music.
He watched her move to the beat. He shook his head. "You really like that stuff."
"Once the Louisiana way of life gets into your blood, you can never get it out."
He listened to her snap her fingers in time with the beat and chided her with a sour look.
"Laissez les bons temps rouler," she said.
"What does that mean?"
"It means: let the good times roll," she informed him.
At that moment a car entered the alley. A pair of high beams flooded the compartment of their cruiser, tossed the reflection back from the rearview mirror, and burned into his retinas. The sound of tires squalled as they bit into the pavement, and the car came to rest behind them. A moment later, the headlights winked out and two car doors slammed.
"Here comes your good times." He reached over, turned off the radio, and settled back into the seat.
As Chief Jaquette marched toward them with another officer in his shadow, Brian thought back to part of a conversation he happened to catch while in the shower room. It was nothing more than bits of whispers that he was unable to piece together. He knew Jaquette was mere months away from retirement; and the close-knit faction of law enforcers seemed locked in a clandestine battle over who would follow in the Chief's place. He couldn't help but think that there was something odd about it all.
A storm brewed on Jaquette’s face as he rapped loudly on Brian’s window. The stalwart officer accompanying him positioned himself two feet behind and to the right of the chief. He posed with his feet slightly apart, and as he folded his arms across his chest, the material of his uniform stretched to accommodate his movements. Brian often wondered about the peculiar attire of the other officers. Jaquette rapped on the glass again. Anger flashed from his dark eyes shadowed beneath a thick unibrow. Brian rolled the window down.
"I told you to squat on the corner of Grape and Vine and give out traffic tickets." Saliva foamed in the corners of Jaquette's mouth. "And that’s all." He planted a finger on Brian’s shoulder. "That means; you sit on the corner and give out tickets. Nothing else." In anger, he banged his fist on the top of the car. "If you don’t want this night to be your last on the force, then you'd better get back to patrol and let homicide take care of this." Sweat collected on his furrowed brow and rolled down his bulldog features.
"Look, before you get all steamed up, you need to take a look at that guy’s neck."
Jaquette’s face grew red. "You look; if you aren’t where you're supposed to be in the next five minutes, I’m going to skip step one and step two and go straight to step three, and you're out." He shot a hard glance at Sharon. "That goes for your partner, too. Understand?"
"Let’s go, Brian."
As he turned the key, she buckled up, and he shoved the shifter into reverse and gave the car a little gas. As he pulled out onto the street, she asked, "I wonder if he has the flu or something?"
"What are you talking about?"
"Jaquette. Didn't you see the sweat running down his cheeks?"
Brian shrugged. "They all do that."
"They?"
"Yeah," said Brian," everyone on the force."
"Don't you think that's kind of strange?"
"Sure I do. But, since I'm not a member of the sweat in Spandex club, I don't have any answers."
She cocked her head slightly to one side and cracked a smile. "What are you talking about?"
"It's weird. Once a month, like clockwork, everyone on the force wears uniforms made from the same Spandex-like material and sweats their asses off, except me."
"Haven't you ever asked them about it?"
He nodded. "Yeah, but when I did, I was always met with silence or a change of subject. It's probably more of that secret brotherhood crap they like to keep to themselves."
"What about the big guy with Jaquette, he wasn't a sweat bucket."
"That's Sheppard. He’s the Chief’s golden boy that he is personally grooming to take over for him after he retires."
"What makes him so special?"
"I don't know. He's never said one word to me since I got on the force."
"Not an overly friendly guy, is he?"
"It’s been my experience so far that they're all cliquish. I still feel like I’m on the outside looking in." He shrugged. "I guess it takes awhile."
She suddenly noticed they were off course from Main Street. "Where are we going?"
"Penelope's Place .It's one hour before closing time."
"What?" She looked at him incredulously.
He held up a hand and splayed out his fingers. "Five minutes. That’s all I need."
"No way," she answered firmly. "I've already had enough trouble for one night."
"We need to pay Penelope’s a visit and see if anybody knows anything." He continued on his course.
"You can investigate on your own time. Capish?"
He didn't respond, but he could feel her eyes on him. Brian ignored her and continued driving past the antiquated buildings. Most were abandoned, boarded-up structures with a few curio shops sporadically dotting the thoroughfare with yellow, glowing light from windows in an effort to entice customers to drop in.
"That does it, Rookie." Sharon grabbed the mic from its cradle. "I'm calling in."
"Just wait a minute." Brian pulled over to the curb and stopped. A blazing red and green Psychic Reader sign, hanging above the door of the shop, promised that Madam Dora held all the answers to the future.
"I don't need a psychic to tell me what is in your future."
"No, I want to get your take on something." He pointed to an old building further on down the street. "See that place?"
She peered through the windshield at the rundown structure with a few men loitering on the sidewalk under the glow of a street lamp. "Yeah, what about it?"
"It’s a halfway house funded by the city. Prisoners are referred there by Jaquette to finish out their sentences and give them a chance to clean up their act."
"Who are we talking about? Prostitutes and junkies?"
"Mostly," he replied.
"Sounds like a great program. What about it?"
"Most of them go A.W.O.L. within their first week."
"I guess with their lifestyle, it'd be easier to go back to the life they know instead of change." She huffed. "Think about it, Parks. If they're given half the chance, they'll bolt."
"You're right about that part, but within a few days, they show up dead." He could see that he had her curiosity.
"Well, what's the cause of death?"
"That's a part of the mystery I'm trying to piece together. Homicide just rubber stamps some reason for the deaths and sends the bodies to the crematorium." He paused a moment to let her think about it and then asked; "Don't you think there's something strange about all of that?"
"Well, yeah, but how does all of this tie into Penelope's Place."
"None of this started happening until that strip joint opened up."
"This sounds like something for internal affairs," Sharon replied.
"First, I have to be sure that I've got something."
"So, that's why you've been campaigning so hard to get on the homicide squad?" she asked.
He nodded. "Instead, I get relegated to traffic detail, usually by myself. Now, maybe you can help me solve the mystery."
"Okay, Parks, five minutes, but then we go back to our assigned post and if you want to dig deeper into this then you do it on your days off. Got it?"
He pulled away from the curb and they drifted back into silence. The electric glow of an occasional sign pulled them forward like beacons in the night along the empty street. The hush made Brian feel the ancient buildings were under a vow of silence, protecting secrets they held within their dark interiors.
As they crossed the L. A. River, Brian laughed. "Look at that." He pointed at Penelope's Place. "Someone tried to force a stereotypical den of iniquity look onto a mid-century façade and came up with an oddity fit for a comedy."
Penelope's Place took up residence at the far end of town just before the old buildings gave way to warehouses and loading docks. The building that harbored the strip club was a gangly brownstone structure freckled with boarded up windows. It stretched twelve floors and an old, wooden cistern crowned its roof. A pink, neon-flashing arrow ran vertically down the facing to point out the non-descript entrance. Flanking both sides of the arrow were female outlines, created with more neon, with manes of golden hair and posing with hot-pink boas.
Sharon chuckled. "Kinda like putting lipstick on a pig, ain't it?"
"You got that right."
Brian slowly skirted the entrance and parked in the back lot. After he shut down the cruiser’s engine, they could hear the muffled beat of techno-music permeating the establishment and flooding the night air with a string of high-energy riffs. They got out of the car and he followed Sharon across the parking lot.
He looked up at the flock of bats swirling in the light of the full moon and thought back to an epic battle he'd barely survived as a boy. Armed only with a flashlight, he'd explored the attic of their home and disturbed a colony of night-wingers causing them to scatter. He'd dropped the light and it went out. He would never forget the sound of their frantic screeching or the feeling of being pummeled by countless winged projectiles. He had blindly batted the air as he fought his way out. With his heart pounding, he shook the memory and said, "I hate bats."
"They're harmless. It's the real bloodsuckers you got to watch out for."
"Don't start that again."
"Denial won't save you, Parks."
He felt the sting of anger burning his cheeks, but he didn't say anything They entered the business and approached the girl with pink hair sitting behind the register.
"We need to talk to Penelope," Brian stated.
The girl looked their uniforms over and sneered. "She's not here."
"Don't lie," said Sharon. "I'll bet that classic Cadillac in the parking lot belongs to her."
The girl stared back coldly.
"Am I right?"
Brian mentally chided himself. While he had been gawking at bats, Sharon had picked up on the car. Determined not to let it happen again, he decided to keep his eyes and ears open.
Pink hair tilted her head and nodded toward the interior of the club.
They took that as their cue that they'd find Penelope inside. The wooden door, adorned with gaudy iron fixtures, looked like a prop that had been hijacked from a haunted castle at a theme park. Brian led the way and yanked the massive thing open. He waltzed into near darkness, a din of blaring music, flashing stage lights, and bumped into something big.
He thought it maybe was a prop until the colossal man twisted his bald head and stared down at Brian with what appeared to be sightless, white eyes. Brian's skin crawled. He waved his hands in front of the colossal man's face. The giant didn't flinch. A blind bouncer? What's the use in that? Despite feeling slightly disorientated, Brian turned to press on. Sharon was now at his side. He asked, "Have you ever seen anything like that before?"
She nodded and replied, "Zombies."
He smirked and prepared to shoot back a sarcastic remark, but a topless waitress brushed by him, and their brief encounter almost upset the drinks on the tray she held above her head.
She stopped and looked back over her shoulder. "Watch it!" She huffed and walked away.
"You really know how to charm the women," said Sharon.
He wanted to boast and tell her that he had charmed the pants off of that woman a few times in the past, and then remembered it hadn't taken charm but money and thought it wise to keep the comment to himself. Thank God she hadn't recognized him. It might put a ding in professional reputation, at least in his partner's eyes. He led the way over to the bar and leaned against it.
The blonde female bartender offered him a practiced smile that made the lines blossoming from the corners of her green eyes crinkle. "I guess you're here to check out permits."
He leaned in closer to speak over the din of voices and music. "We need to talk to Penelope."
The bartender’s smile faded and the wrinkles around her eyes relaxed. "No can do."
Brian pulled his badge and shoved it in her face.
"Penelope’s not here." The blonde took a step back.
Sharon reached out, pushed Brian’s ID aside, and squinted to read the bartender’s nametag in the dim light. "Look, Gracie, we just did this little dance with the bimbo up front. Unless you want me to run a background check on you, you'd better drum up Penelope—now."
Fear flashed in Gracie's eyes. "I’ll be back in a minute." She turned and hurried the length of the bar, made the corner, and was gone.
They stood looking toward the stage. The strobe light began to pulse and broke up the stripper's dance into choppy movements. The girl bore a strong resemblance to someone Brian once knew. When he had met Maria, she'd been a formal dancer with dreams of heading to Broadway, but put those dreams on hold after they had spent more than a few days in each other’s arms after making love. Brian was often late for his job and would scramble from bed in search of yesterday's sweaty uniform to hurry out the door with a cup of bitter instant coffee spilling from his cup. One morning he came home and she was gone. The oversized suitcase and her clothes were missing. No note—no nothing—just gone. He figured she had gotten tired of putting her dreams on hold, packed up and left.
"Somebody you know?" Sharon asked.
He shook his head.
A few minutes later, the bartender returned and said, "She’ll talk to you." She reached down, grabbed the countertop where it hinged, and opened it like a drawbridge. "Her office is all the way down and to the right." After they had both gone through, Gracie eased the bar top down and watched them disappear down the hall.
"Why don’t you let me talk to her? She might feel more comfortable talking to a woman."
Brian didn't like the idea of handing over the reins to his new partner, but in this case she may be right. He nodded his head in agreement.
Sharon rapped her fist against the door before twisting the knob and walking inside. Brian followed, closing it behind him. The intensity of the music eased to a dull throb. She walked over to the woman sitting behind the large, wooden desk and extended her ID. "I’m Sharon Labove, LAPD."
Penelope skipped a glance off the badge and then back up at Sharon.
"And that’s my partner, Brian Parks."
As Penelope looked him over, he remained unwavering with an expressionless face. If she were trying to read him, he was going to keep her guessing.
Penelope cut her eyes toward Sharon and took the time to thoroughly look her up and down. A smile came to her lips. "Nice looks. Ever thought about being a dancer?"
For a second, Sharon looked uncomfortable, but quickly shook it and delivered her response like a hard punch. "No." She shoved her badge back into her pocket.
It didn't seem to faze the club owner. She kept her hard-edged smile and replied, "Too bad." Penelope looked Sharon up and down once more. "Blue eyes, black hair, and a nice dark, olive complexion. I could use a girl with exotic looks like yours."
Sharon grew tired of the badgering. "Let's stick to business."
"Very well." Penelope sighed and motioned to the two chairs facing her desk. "Have a seat."
They both declined.
"Suit yourselves." She settled back in her chair and formed a steeple with her fingers. "So, what brings you here?"
"Does one of your girls go by the name of Kandie, spelled with a K?"
"Maybe. What's this about?"
"We need to ask her a few questions," replied Sharon.
Penelope strummed the tips of her fingers together, and then let them fold in on each other. "Is she in some sort of trouble?"
"We're hoping she may have information that can help us on a case," Sharon answered.
There was a moment of silence before Penelope replied. "I don’t know. She has a busy schedule tonight." She eyed Sharon suspiciously. "Did Jaquette send you?"
"Look, we can either question her here, or take her downtown. And if we start looking around the place, I’m sure we’ll find enough infractions to write you a citation and close this place down until you can see a judge."
Penelope let her fingers slide apart and glared. "She’ll meet you in the parking lot."
"Let’s get out of here." Sharon said.
As they walked out into the smoke-filled room, bass riffs pounded Brian like a boxer throwing hard jabs to his chest and the high notes bore into his eardrums like sharp-toothed bugs and ate into his brain. As they crossed the room, he swore the vibration was turning his insides into mush.
Sharon grabbed him by the shoulder.
He turned.
"Too much coffee," she shouted. "I’m going to make a trip to the girl’s room."
He nodded. "I'll meet you in the parking lot," he yelled back. After she melted into the crowd, he pressed his way to the entrance thinking that something had changed since he'd last patronized the club months ago. It wasn't anything that he could pinpoint. It was a feeling in the pit of his stomach that crept throughout his body like tiny vines and made his skin tingle. The flashing lights, the pulsating music, and the vibe of the place had him on sensory overload and made him feel vulnerable, especially without his partner at his side, and he felt anxious to be outdoors again. At the door, he quickly scanned the lumbering giant's colorless eyes and fought the urge to shudder. As he marched past the girl with pink hair, she smiled and handed him a matchbook. "Come back and see us." She winked.
Outside the club, he breathed out a long sigh of relief. The thump of the music's bass was much softer and reminded him of a heartbeat. The matchbook slipped from his fingers and he stooped over to pick it up.
"Thank God," a female voice said.
Startled, he jumped back and looked up, hand on his gun, certain that there hadn't been someone there just a few seconds ago. He must be losing it.
A tall blonde, wearing a schoolgirl uniform, stood in front of him holding an unlit cigarette between her fingers. "I thought I was going to have to go back inside and get matches."
He stood, speechless, holding the matchbook between his fingers.
She looked him up and down with her baby blues. He thought he saw flecks of light swimming under her lashes, but quickly decided it must have been an illusion created by the glow of the street lamp reflecting off the moisture in her eyes. She playfully bit her bottom lip and let it slowly slide from beneath her eyeteeth. "It looks like Morgan City is hiring cuter cops these days." She held up an unlit cigarette and nodded at the matchbook. "Mind if I get a light?"
Almost automatically, he opened the book and plucked one out, struck it, and stretched out his arm.
She giggled. "You can come closer, I promise I won't bite." Her lips remained slightly parted as she pressed the tip of her tongue to her upper lip and gave him a seductive look. Until this moment it was only a look that he'd seen in men's magazines.
He took a step forward.
She reached up and grabbed his hand and guided the match in to the tip of her cigarette.
Her hands were cold, but a warm sensation was spreading throughout his body and the reflection of the flames dancing across her eyes mesmerized him. At the core of his logic was the training that he'd received at the academy that reminded him to stay alert.
The tip glowed red and a curl of white smoke escaped from one corner of her lips. She released his hand. "Thanks." She gave him a smile before turning her chin up and blowing a cloud of smoke toward the night sky.
When he shook out the flame, a hint of sulfur lingered in the air. She caught him before he could stuff the book into his pocket. "Mind if I keep those?"
He handed them to her.
"I'm Kandie. Penelope said that you wanted to talk to me."
Before he could answer, the sound of the door opening behind him and the blare of music broke the trance. Still feeling discombobulated, he looked back over his shoulder.
Sharon walked out adjusting her pants around her shapely hips that the uniform failed to hide. "That’s better," she said as she walked up to him. She noticed what remained of the distracted look on her partner's face. "Are you okay, Parks?"
Whatever had happened to him was quickly wearing off. Brian nodded. "Yeah, I'm okay."
She acknowledged the girl with a nod. "And you must be Kandie."
The stripper took a drag off her smoke. "That’s right, Kandie—with a K." The words spilled from her lips in a stream of smoke and sailed away on the summer breeze.
"We’re wondering if you could tell us anything about a guy by the name of George Stiles?"
She took another puff from her smoke. "I’m not sure. I meet so many guys in this business."
Brian dug the crime scene matchbook out of his pocket, opened it, and presented it to her. "We found this on his dead body and it's got your name and number in it. Remember now?"
Kandie took another drag off her cigarette. "I’ve given out my name a few times to guys I like. Is that a crime?"
"No," Brian shot back. "But murder is."
She blanched and pulled back. "Are you accusing me of murdering this guy?"
"We’re not accusing you of anything," Sharon replied. "We just want to know if there’s anything that you can tell us about him."
"I only knew him from here. He came in from time to time and tipped well when he had money. He was in here tonight for a few lap dances; but he didn’t stay long. Before he left, he said he wanted to take me out." She shrugged. "He seemed like a nice guy, so I gave him my number." She looked at both of the officers. "That was it." Kandie checked the display on her phone for the time. "Smoke break's over." She tossed the cigarette to the ground and crushed the fiery tip with the toe of her Mary Janes. "I’ve got to get back inside."
"Wait a minute," said Sharon. As she looked the dancer over, the girl stared back looking partly curious and partly annoyed. Finally, Sharon said, "I'm going to be watching you."
Kandie hiked up one corner of her lips, and with a smug look on her face, she replied, "Whatever." The dancer walked away.
After Brian felt like the stripper was out of earshot, he asked, "What was that all about?"
"She's lying. She knows about how George Stiles died and is in on it."
"How would you know that?"
"Gut feeling."
He watched the door close behind Kandie and then he turned to Sharon. "But we saw a male running away from the body and if she had been there, she would have had to fly from the alley to beat us here. That's impossible."
"Maybe not." Sharon grabbed the sleeve of his shirt and gave it a tug. "Come on. Let’s go."
"Where to?"
"Fourteen-Oh-Eight Mangrove Road."
Fear spread across Brian's face like a wildfire. He planted a foot and came to a stop.
"What’s wrong with you?"
He didn't want to tell her about the bad experience that he had there as a kid. "Why there?"
"When I was in the restroom stall someone tossed this over the partition wall." She held up a crumpled piece of paper in her open palm.
He didn't think that she was lying, but he had to see it for himself. A quick look confirmed his fear. Something else on the paper caught his attention. He pointed to the drawing on the bottom. "What’s this?"
"The crescent moon is the symbol for one of the vampire clans from New Orleans."
He groaned like a kid that was told that he had to finish the vegetables on his plate before he got dessert. "Do you really expect me to believe that there are real vampires?"
"I don't care if you do or not. Now get into the car and take me there or I’ll leave you here and drive myself."
"Okay but—"
"There are no buts, Parks. I don't know how or why they got here, but I'm going to put a stop to them before this thing turns into an epidemic."
"I'm thinking that we should get someone more qualified to do this," said Parks.
"Like who?"
As silly as he thought it sounded, he said, "Vampire hunters."
"That would be me, Parks."
"So what makes you qualified?"
She didn't answer right away. A pained look surfaced in her eyes.
Brian was only able to catch a glimpse of it before it was washed away by the sober look that he was use to seeing.
She said, "You don’t know what it’s like to have to kill someone you love so that you won’t have to watch them turn into one of those monsters."
"You killed someone?"
"That's right, Parks. My partner was bitten and I drove a stake through his heart so he wouldn't turn."
The pain in her eyes was real. She wasn't lying. This produced a dichotomy between the realms of reality and the existence of the supernatural. All he could do was stare in disbelief and consider the possibility. "You killed him so he wouldn't turn into a vampire?"
Her expression turned dark and she nodded. "It was a mercy killing."
He mentally scrambled to gather his rationalities back together. Vampires aren't real. Neither were zombies. Immediately, questions began to form, and he was ready to launch into a full throttle interrogation that would satisfy his inquisitive nature. He opened his mouth to speak.
She held up her hand. "You're going to have to trust me that I'm not a murderer, and what I've told you is true." She lowered her hand. "Can you do that?"
Intuitively, he felt that she was speaking the truth. He had learned a long time ago to trust his instincts, so he decided to put his suspicions on hold for now and push his fears aside. "I'm not totally convinced of the vampire thing yet, but I agree that there is more here than meets the eye. I'm going to trust you."
They got in the car. With Brian behind the wheel, they rode without a word being spoken. A lot was going through his mind. It was a lot to process and hard to believe, but even harder to deny. Minutes lapsed before Brian broke the silence. "Suppose it’s a trap."
"Sticking your head in the sand is a trap." She twisted in her seat toward him and let her eyes settle on his. "The entire time that you’ve lived here, you’ve been unwilling to see what’s really going on. I on the other hand, tried to run away from it. But it didn’t work. So, I can't keep running and have to face it, but I could sure use some help tonight. Like, from my partner."
He nodded and couldn't believe what he was saying when he spoke. "You can count on me."
A quarter mile down the road, the buildings began to disappear, and the paved road turned into a long run of patchwork from the potholes filled in with cold tar and rocks.
Brian dodged a big hole that had escaped the road crew's attention. "If your plan is to confront a clan of vampires, aren’t we going to need things like wooden stakes, crosses, holy water, and stuff like that?" He shrugged. "And since none of the all-night convenience stores sell any of that, I guess we’re going in unarmed."
"I've got something better."
"What’s that?"
She patted her handgun. "A silver bullet in the heart."
"I thought that was for werewolves." He chuckled at his joke and ended it with a smirk.
"It will kill a loup-garou as well," she replied in a matter of fact tone.
He lost the smirk and wrinkled his brow. "What the hell is a loup-garou?"
"Pray you never have to find out," she replied.
He chuckled. "Yeah, whatever. I don’t think the all-nighters carry silver bullets anyway."
"I have some. I brought them with me from New Orleans and stashed some rounds in the glove box. And I figure, once we get there, we can whittle down some oak branches into stakes."
"You're kidding, right?"
"No, Sha, I'm not kidding."
"That's a lot of trouble to go through for nothing," he replied.
"Well, my motto is; always be prepared."
"I'll bet you looked really cute in your Boy Scout uniform."
"Keep dreamin', Rookie." She opened the glove box and dug a handful of the bullets out. After she'd exchanged hers for the silver tips, one remained which she dropped into his breast pocket.
"What's that for?" he asked.
"Didn't Sheriff Taylor make Deputy Fife carry his one bullet in his pocket?"
"Ha ha." He reached in to dig it out.
"You'd better keep it, Barney, it might come in handy."
Rather than expending energy on a squabble, he let it remain.
They entered a long tunnel of oak trees where the branches wove together over the road in a tapestry of tangled limbs dripping with gray moss. The length of it stretched beyond the capability of the headlights and seemed endless. He sped up. The speed of the moving car, combined with the moon sifting through the rifts of the branches, caused a rapid-fire strobe effect that made him feel dizzy. Just when he thought he couldn’t take it anymore, the tunnel came to an end. Instantly, he felt better.
The road ended at the double gates of a tall, wrought-iron fence. On each side of the gates, tall, stone columns sprang up from the overgrown weeds, and a gargoyle perched in a squatting position on top of each one, looking down on the new arrivals. He glided to a stop on the shoulder of the road. The dust cloud that had been following in their wake quickly caught up to the vehicle and washed over it, and then sailed away into the night.
Brian stared through the windshield at what lay past the wrought-iron barrier. The only word that he could conjure in his mind to describe the scene was foreboding. He cast his fears aside and stepped out of the car. He was the first at the fence with his faced pressed in between the bars, looking like a frightened little boy waiting his turn to enter the spook house ride at the amusement park.
The house had been grand at one time, but the years of neglect had sent it into a spiraling decline of decay that now made it look like the ramshackle abode from the Sixties television sitcom that was inhabited by a kooky, lovable family with a dark edge. The full moon rising behind one of the gables only added to the chilling ambiance. A stone mausoleum stood in the far background covered with a thick growth of vines. All it needed now was a bank of fog and a black, horse-drawn carriage to roll by with a creepy little hunchback in the driver's seat and the nightmare would be complete. Only he wasn't dreaming. This was real.
Sharon took her position at the fence and peered at the old mansion through the vines strangling the view. "Creepy place."
"The story goes that this house belonged to a once famous actress from the era of silent films. When she failed to make the transition to talkies, she spiraled down into alcoholism and hung herself from the railing of the balcony. So much for the glitz and glamour of Holly-weird."
Sharon nodded at the structure. "It looks like it's in bad shape."
"It's been abandoned a long time."
"Did you ever go inside?"
He nodded. "Once. When I was just turning twelve. It was one of those initiation into manhood things that all my buddies and I agreed to take."
"What happened?"
"The day before my birthday, a small group of us came to this very spot just before sunset. I had to go in by myself and walk up to that second floor window," he pointed to the empty socket next to the gable, "and wave at everybody to prove that I did it. When I got to the front door, it was already open. I was so scared; I remember shaking like a leaf when I went inside."
"And, I guess being a macho little boy, you didn’t back down off the dare."
"That’s right; I didn’t want to be called a candyass like the last guy who failed the test. So, I tiptoed all the way up the stairs to the landing and walked into the first room I came to. I shined my flashlight around the bedroom." A look of terror flashed across his face. "I saw a dead man laying in bed; staring at me with terror in his eyes and his mouth wide-open like he’d seen something horrible before he died."
"Oh my God, what did you do?"
"I was going to run, but before I could move, a gust of wind blew through a broken window pane and slammed the door shut. I raced over to it and tried to open it, but it was jammed. I started screaming. And then, the worst thing happened; I lost control of my bladder and wet my pants." He shuddered at the memory. "My parents found me curled up in a fetal position on the floor. I found out later, when my buddies heard me screaming they all took off. After the cops knocked on some of their doors, one of the boys told my parents where I was at." He looked away. "I had nightmares about it for months. In those dreams, I had not been found, and at sunset, the dead man would crawl out of that bed and walk toward me with outstretched hands and moving its mouth like he was trying to tell me something. I slept in my parent’s room for over a year." Brian snapped out of the memory and physically shook it off.
"It sounds like a terrible ordeal for a kid," Her brow wrinkled with curiosity. "What about the dead guy? Did you ever find out who he was?"
Brian shook his head. "I never heard anything else about that."
"Odd," she said and turned to the fence. "Let's do this thing." She squeezed through the gap where the two swinging gates were padlocked together with a heavy chain and was confronted by a thick bramble that seemed to grow there for the sole purpose of warding off unwanted trespassers. She looked back over her shoulder at him. "Coming?"
Brian hesitated outside the fence. "I’m getting a bad feeling about this."
"I don’t know if we’re going to find any vampires in there, but this is going to be our only shot at getting some answers."
The uneasiness growing inside spread across his face.
"It's just an old house," she assured him.
He crawled through the opening thinking: If that were true, why was she searching the ground for branches suitable for carving stakes?
She looked back over her shoulder. "Aren't you going to help?"
"Sure," he replied. While he rummaged around he kept telling himself it wasn't instinctual fear he felt but the psychological fear of embracing the unknown. Thoughts like that could cloud his judgment. He put his trepidation back into check. When he had gathered an armful, he whipped out his pocketknife and held it up where she could see it. "Boy Scout knife, Troop One—Oh—One." His attempt at humor rolled off his lips, but quickly lost its velocity under her stern gaze. He lowered the knife and began carving the tips into sharp points. When he was done, he gave her half of them.
She took the stakes and shoved them underneath her belt, then handed him a palmful of silver bullets that she'd taken from the glove compartment. As he scooped them out of her open hand, she said, "There's a cross carved into the tip of each one. If you can hit a vampire in its heart, you’ll kill it."
One of courses he'd aced in the academy was marksmanship. Brian could nail the bull's-eye almost every time at sixty feet. He emptied his clip and loaded the new bullets in. When he finished, he shoved his revolver into its holster wondering how good his partner was at hitting a target. "I hope you're a good shot." The bare look on her face left him guessing.
With Brian in the lead, they waded through the yard overgrown with tall blood weeds. He felt strands of silky web in his face and hair. He stopped and swatted the back of his neck.
"What's wrong?" she asked.
He held out his hand in the moonlight. "Spider," he replied. "It bit me."
Sharon leaned in for a look. "Wolf spider."
He brushed the dead insect off his hand. "Come on."
The years of dead leaves rustled beneath their feet as they hiked the stone walk and up the steps to the double doors. They stood beneath the overhang that eclipsed the light of the moon and he squinted to read a hand-painted word masked by the shadows. He removed the flashlight from his belt and aimed the disc of light at the word painted on the door. "What does it say?"
"Boucherie."
He shrugged. "Whatever that means?"
She nodded. "It’s a loose Cajun term for families that contribute animals for a community butchering."
Brian stared at the gruesome graffiti for a moment before he gave one of the doors a shove hard enough for it to swing inward and strike the wall inside with a thud. He stepped over the threshold and stood panning the darkness of the cavernous foyer with his flashlight. He let it drift across furniture blanketed in a silvery shroud of webs gently undulating in the unseen currents of air. The light came to rest on a staircase that looked like it could have been in the scene where Scarlett descended in her bell-hoop skirt to meet the charming Rhett. He moved the light from the anachronistic scene over to the enormous fireplace with the cold remains of charred wood lying dormant in the hearth. Brian could feel Sharon’s presence at his back and heard the sound of her breath in his ear.
He slowly pivoted the light to his right, guiding it across more furniture draped in sheets. The light flickered and winked out just as he caught a glimpse of the figure standing in the corner of the room. His heart leapt into his throat and pounded there. He heard a snap and the sound of Sharon’s handgun sliding free of its holster.
He nervously fumbled to unscrew the cap on his flashlight and let the batteries drop to the floor like spent shells from a shotgun where they rolled noisily across the wood. He quickly dug through his utility belt, feeling for extra batteries with the tips of his fingers. After he located them, he popped them into the cylinder, screwed the cap back on, and filled the room with white light.
Sharon, who was poised holding her gun in a firing position, suddenly laughed and lowered it.
Brian marched across the room to where an antique mannequin stood shrouded in a network of cobwebs collecting dust. Its torso was cloaked with heavy material draped over the shoulders to the floor and gathered in the front like a bathrobe. A dirty, brown wig was perched atop its slick head. He brushed the coarse locks back from its dark eyes; they were dull and lifeless. He let the hair fall back into place and lifted a silver, metal box suspended from a piece of twine strung around the mannequin’s neck. Brian let it drop back into place and gave the macabre eyesore a shove. He thought it felt heavy, but older things were made of metal and wood, not like that flimsy plastic stuff that they made things of today. It rolled away on a set of squeaky caster wheels and settled quietly in the center of the room.
He turned his flashlight to an arched opening. He followed the trail of his light and discovered a dining room with a long, wooden table that had been elegantly set with fine china. Maybe this had been the film starlet's last bash before she placed the rope around her neck and flung herself over the rails. He picked up one of the plates and blew the dust from it. He turned to Sharon. "I think we’re a little late for dinner." She didn't laugh. He set the plate back down.
One of the risers on the stairs let out a creak.
They raced through the archway back into the foyer. Sharon positioned the barrel of her gun toward where the sound had come.
He aimed his light up, illuminating an empty staircase. "Hello," he called out, not really expecting an answer. Old houses were prone to shifting and letting out creaks and groans. Still, there could be someone in here. Either way, he had to debunk it. "I’m going up." As he planted a foot on the bottom step, it growled out a creak similar to the one they'd heard only moments before. He cautiously ascended the stairs knowing that he was in a vulnerable position if an opponent were to suddenly appear from above. To even the odds, he pulled his gun.
Sharon trailed close behind and slightly off to his left to keep her pistol’s range of motion wide.
At the top of the landing, the moon sifted through a dirt-streaked window and pooled on the floor in a dim glow. They both huddled in the light.
A door slammed.
They both jumped.
He aimed the flashlight in the place from where the noise had come, and the beam of light rested on the first door to the right. Remembering what happened twenty years ago sent a shiver shooting up his spine. Brian was careful not to make any noise as he walked across the floorboards. Sharon followed him. He stopped in front of the door. She cocked the hammer back and gave him a single nod of her head. Brian hiked his foot high in the air and slammed the sole of his boot hard against the door. The wooden jamb exploded with a loud crack as the door burst open. Splintered wood rained down. She slipped by him, entered the room led by the barrel of the gun and made a quick search while he guarded the hallway. "Clear." She lowered the handgun and returned it to its holster.
Brian secured his own weapon. He stepped into the room, stared at the crumbling bed in the corner, and thought he saw a shadow move across the old ratty mattress. Shadows could play tricks on your mind, but it didn’t stop the cold fear from coiling itself around his spine, or the memory of the dead body lying in the bed. A sudden gust of air flowing through the same hole in the window from when he was a kid blew the door closed. It rattled in the busted jamb and made him jump.
"You okay?" she asked.
"Yeah. This is starting to remind me of one of those cheesy horror movies."
"You mean the ones where the guy is always the skeptic and is the first one to get it?"
Her remark eased his fear. He laughed and nodded his head. "Yeah, those movies."
She pressed a red, lacquered nail to his lips and whispered, "Shhhhhhhh."
"What?"
She removed her finger and whispered, "Didn’t you hear that?"
He shook his head.
"Downstairs."
She pressed past him and pulled her gun from its holster again.
He followed with the equanimity of finding another rational explanation for the noise.
Halfway down the staircase, he heard what sounded like a choir of out-of-sync cherubs warming up for their not so heavenly performance.
She stopped, slapped the back of her hand against his chest, and brought him to an abrupt halt.
It took a moment for his mind to make sense of the cacophony. It was the sound of squeaky wheels rolling across the floor.
Before he could aim his flashlight to where the noise originated, the batteries went dead again and left them standing in the dark. A figure glided through broken patches of moonlight and quickly dissolved back into the darkness. He leaned over Sharon and asked in a low voice, "You saw that, right?"
"I saw it," she answered back. "But I’m not sure what it was."
He snapped his flashlight onto his belt. "I don’t understand why these batteries are draining so fast. I don't have any more spares."
She clicked her own light on and the beam eddied down the stairs and pooled onto the floor. "I’ve always heard that supernatural forces can drain batteries."
"Yeah well, I still think supernatural occurrences are a bunch of hoo-doo."
"Let’s hope you're right this time, Parks." She took a step down the stairs.
Brian un-holstered his gun, and they slowly creaked down the staircase to the end of the banister together. When they entered into the cavernous foyer, the beam from her light split the darkness at the center of the room and revealed a frightening discovery. She gasped out, "The mannequin's gone."
The noisy castor wheels began to squeak again. Silhouetted by the moonlight, the dummy darted by one of the windows in the foyer.
Brian’s face clouded with disbelief as he raised his pistol. "That mannequin can't be moving on its own. There must be someone else in here with us."
A scratchy female voice spoke from somewhere in the darkness. "Let’s be friends."
"Over there." Sharon shined her light in the direction from where the voice had come and exposed the mannequin. Suddenly, it was as if someone was turning down the lights in a movie house as her flashlight dimmed, and then there was darkness, except where the occasional patch of moonlight breached the openings in the house and leaked in.
A short burst of squeaks filled the darkness. The voice warbled out, "Let’s play a game."
"Police officers," Sharon shouted out. She beaded her handgun in the location of the voice. "If you have any weapons discard them now and step forward."
The squeak of the wheels retreated deeper into the darkness. The tromp of footsteps bled through the roof, and then the sound of breaking glass followed a second later.
She turned to Parks. "We need to get out of here."
Before he could reply, the sound of wings beating the air came from behind. Something struck him hard enough to knock the breath out of his lungs and send him crashing onto the hard planks with a loud thud. He struck his head, and everything went black.
When Brian opened his eyes, he was sitting on the floor with his back propped against a support column and his hands fettered tightly behind him. The glow of the moon coming through the small window at the end of the room offered only enough paltry light to make his eyes labor to pick apart the confusing shadows in front of him. The question was: who had brought him up here and tied him up? Footsteps creaked up the stairs and stopped outside the closed door. The doorknob rattled and turned, and the door made a slow arc from the jamb to the wall amidst a long, drawn out creak. It came to rest against the wall, and a figure stood at the threshold. Brian strained to see details through the murky darkness, but his eyes failed him. He suddenly felt frightened by the possibilities of whom or what this presence might be. He felt like a fly trapped in a web as he struggled against the ropes.
A flame magically ignited on the end of a wick, and the soft glow of the flame stripped away the mystery of the person holding the candle.
The surprised look on his face was conquered by one of disgust. "I should have known."
She glided into the room like she was standing on a cushion of air, and the candle deluged the room with light. Her movement caused the flame to flicker. She stopped at his feet and set the candle down. She smiled, leaned in, and ran a fingernail along his jugular vein.
"Where’s Sharon?"
"Don’t worry; she’s around." Penelope wore a satisfied grin.
"I want to see her."
"You’ll get to see her soon enough. She’ll be hungry after she turns." The iridescent particles swirling around in her pupils like glitter in a snow globe converged into a solitary component and began to strobe.
He suddenly felt like he was going to pass out.
Another figure suddenly appeared at the door just outside the perimeter of the candle’s luminescence, making it impossible to identify the newcomer.
Penelope quickly clambered up from her sitting position as the dark figure slowly entered the room, untangling itself from the shadows as the figure entered the penumbra.
Brian recovered from the hypnotic spell and let out a sigh of relief.
"I'll be damned," said Penelope. She scowled with disapproval. "What are you doing here?"
Jaquette stepped boldly into the organic glow of the flame holding a handgun in his outstretched hands, beaded on Penelope’s chest. "Your girls are getting sloppy. One of them drained the blood out of a male victim and left his body in an alley tonight." He wiped the sweat from his brow with the back of his hand.
"What did you expect?" Penelope shot back angrily. "We’re starving."
"Letting you open the strip club was a bad idea. We’re going back to the original covenant." He pointed a finger at her. "You don’t leave Old Town, and you only take the ones I send to the halfway house, that’s it."
"The covenant," she scoffed. "You broke the agreement when you started killing us."
"I tired to warn you, Penelope, about having more than one clan here. There are too many vampires for this city, but you and your girls have to stay in your territory. That's the deal!"
"If my girls get too hungry, I can’t keep them under control."
It all sounded crazy. Brian found his tongue. "This can't be real"
Jaquette turned the gun on him. His hand trembled. "You've opened a real can of worms." Sweat ran down his cheeks.
"You’re letting them murder innocent people," said Brian.
"The streets in Old Town are a collection of the homeless, prostitutes, habitual criminals, and drug dealers. I can’t have that in my city. He turned the accusation back on Brian with a pointed finger. "You should have left things alone. But you come here, disobey, and stir things up. You weren’t supposed to know about this." He loosened his sweat-soaked collar and swallowed hard. "At least not yet."
"What are you talking about?" Brian asked.
Penelope interjected with a laugh. "Are you oblivious, boy? You and that pretty little partner of yours were hired to be brought into the brotherhood and to help eradicate us."
"Brotherhood?" A nervous chuckle escaped Brian's lips. "What kind of brotherhood?"
"Werewolves," Penelope replied to the question.
"Somebody has to keep the vampire population to a minimum. Disgusting creatures," Jaquette replied. "It's time for you to go to hell, Penelope." He cocked the hammer of his pistol back and turned the gun on Penelope.
Fangs curled over her bottom lip as the corners of her mouth bent into a wicked smile. "Been there."
"I know," said the chief, "but just like a bad penny, you just keep coming back."
"You know what they say, you can't keep a good girl down," she replied.
"There's nothing good about you." He tightened his finger around the trigger. "But this time you ain't coming back."
"Come on, Chief, do you really think you can hurt me with that?"
He lowered the gun and shook his head. "No." he looked at her with a smug expression on his face. "But this can." He planted an index finger at each corner of his mouth and let go a loud whistle, and a moment later, the steady rhythm of soft steps padded up the stairs.
The smell of burning sulfur wafted through the open door and stung Brian's eyes.
It entered the room and stood by Jaquette.
This is crazy, thought Brian. He reeled at the sight.
Penelope looked terrified and shrank back. "Keep it away from me."
Jaquette patted the hellhound on the head and addressed Brian. "You know Officer Sheppard." He turned to Penelope. "Let's get down to business."
Like a pissed off cat, Penelope hissed. "You can't do this, Jaquette." Her face changed; more creature than human. Large leathery wings sprouted from her back. She beat the air with them.
"Going somewhere?" Jaquette ended the question with a smirk. The hellhound growled.
"I'll be back." Penelope now looked like a mad scientist's experiment gone bad. She spun around and faced the broken window.
"Sic 'er, boy!" shouted Jaquette.
As it flapped its leathery wings, Brian felt the pulses of air brush against his face.
The hellhound howled and lunged. Before the vampire could take flight, the dog had the thing's leg in its mouth and brought the vamp down on its back. Penelope let out a howl of pain as her skin sizzled. Smoke spewed from the pores of her skin and a foul stench filled the air. Her face twisted in agony.
"Watch out!" Jaquette cried out. "She gonna blow!"
Because of the ropes, Brian couldn't cover his face. When she exploded, all he could do was squeeze his eyes shut and tuck his head. He felt the shower of hot sparks rain down on his neck and eat into his skin. He let out a cry of pain and did the best he could to shake them off. He smelled smoke and heard the crackle of fire.
He opened his eyes and looked around. Smoldering bones were scattered throughout the room, and a stack of magazines burned in the corner.
The hellhound eyed Brian and growled.
"No!" shouted Jaquette. "Go find the other vamps and kill them." He pointed a finger at the door. The hellhound turned and walked to the door. It stopped and gave Brian a look from over its shoulder.
"Go!" said Jaquette. The hellhound left.
"You've got to cut me loose, Jaquette." He looked back over his shoulder. The flames were growing higher.
Jaquette pulled a silver dagger and quickly made his way over to the rookie cop and raised the knife.
Brian cringed when the blade came down. Seconds later, he was free of his binds and on his feet. "We have to get out of here!" The flames were rapidly spreading throughout the room. He started to run, but Jaquette reached out, grabbed him by the shoulder, and yanked him to the floor.
Sweat poured down Jaquette's face. He breathed heavily.
The room began to fill with smoke. Flames crackled at Brian's back. He felt the heat. The smoke stung his eyes.
"What the hell are you doing?" asked Brian. "We have to get out of here now!"
"I'm starving, Parks." The chief removed the amulet hanging from his neck by a small chain. He took a step forward and stood in the middle of the patch of moonlight pouring through the window. He let the amulet slip from his fingers. It hit the floor with a clatter. Suddenly, Jaquette's face twisted in pain. He dropped the knife.
Brian made a move to go for it, but the chief lifted a foot and brought the sole of his shoe down on Brian's fingers.
Jaquette's body twisted and contorted, muscles thickened. The uniform stretched until it was about to burst. Thick, coarse hair sprouted on his hands and face, his jaw bone elongated into a snout. His eyes turned blood red and he let out a guttural growl.
Parks pulled his throbbing hand from beneath Jaquette's shoe and looked for an escape route.
Jaquette laughed. It didn't sound human. He wadded his fingers into a fist and rapped his knuckles against the wall. "Little pig, little pig, let me come in." A thin line of drool slowly cascaded from the snout infested with sharp teeth. He got a crazy look in his eyes. "Why Grandma, what big fangs you have." Jaquette went down on fours ready to pounce. "The better to eat you with, my dear."
The only escape would be to the right or left of Jaquette, but the walls left little room. Even if Brian happened to scoot by the werewolf, there was no way in hell he was going to get down the stairs before the quadruped caught up with him. But he was going to have to try. He only took one step before Jaquette growled and sprang.
A second later, Brian was on the floor with Jaquette on top of him. The werewolf snarled and gnashed its teeth together like a rabid dog. Brian managed to hold the chief off, but he didn't think he could for very long. He had to come up with something and fast. He'd seen enough monster movies that he should know how to kill one.
One of the werewolf's teeth grazed Brian's cheek.
He remembered something about the power of vampires trumping werewolves. One of Penelope's smoldering bones lay next to him. A sharp one at that. While he fended off Jaquette with one hand, he grabbed it with the other, and thrust it hard into the werewolf's chest.
Jaquette let out a howl of pain that rattled the broken glass in the windows.
From outside, the faint sound of a wolf pack answered back.
Jaquette's eyes rolled back and he collapsed on top of him. Brian struggled to get out from under the dead weight. When he did, he jumped to his feet.
Jaquette quickly shape-shifted back into a man. He let out a gasp and his eyes went cold.
The fire had already eaten a hole through the floor and was on its way down to the lower levels of the house. Brian bound down the stairs three at a time.
At the bottom, he stopped and looked around. The smell of smoke filled his nose. The place was old, and the wood dry, it wasn't going to be long before this place was a blazing inferno. If he were going to find Sharon, it would have to be quick.
Brian had no idea where to begin. The old mansion was a big place. He cupped his hands around his mouth and yelled out her name. He hoped for a response, but when he didn't get one, he ran blindly down the hall.
A female voice that sounded like an old, scratchy, vinyl record spoke from the darkness. "Let’s be friends."
Brian stopped, reached for his gun, but found an empty holster. Penelope must have taken it while he was unconscious, and the stakes he'd sharpened to a point were gone. He'd have to find another weapon. He quickly scanned the patch of light on the floor, but the illuminated patch was barren. The female voice repeated itself. "Let's be friends," and was followed by the sound of something dragging across the floor.
A tendril of smoke slithered out of the darkness and into the path of the moonlit window. Far in the background, a tongue of fire danced on the floor. It twisted and swirled as it searched for more fuel to satisfy its craving. In between the flame and him stood the mannequin. Bony fingers parted the material, and a thin arm extended out. It reached up, and one of the knobby fingers latched onto the plastic loop attached to the metal box hanging from the dummy’s neck. It tugged it downward. As the cranky spring inside the mechanism slowly uncoiled, a scratchy doll’s voice said, "I’m having a party, and you’re invited."
Brian turned to run, but smoke and fire had found its way to the corridor. He felt the heat on his cheeks and coughed. Tears clouded his vision.
The doll's voice came from behind. "We're going to be best friends forever and ever."
Brian spun back around and faced the thing.
Another hand slipped from underneath the hem of the robe, and as both hands propelled the mannequin forward, the metal castors squeaked and squawked.
Brian stood frozen and wide-eyed like the proverbial deer in the headlights.
Suddenly, the thing behind the cloth planted both palms against the floor, and the tailor's dummy came to an abrupt halt.
Brian's muscles coiled tight as he readied for a fight.
The mannequin wobbled, quickly stilled, and the fanged thing behind the curtain slipped out and heaped itself onto the floor.
The boy who had broken his neck hissed.
"Johnny, it's me, Brian."
With all human elements gone, it stared back glassy-eyed and continued to pull itself forward. The thing hissed again.
Brian thought about making a mad dash through the wall of flames hoping it wasn't too deep. He took a deep breath, took a step forward, but stopped.
A shape of a dog stood in the fire. The hellhound stepped out and growled.
Brian did a one-eighty. The flames eating their way to him were hotter and higher. They licked the ceiling.
With the two creatures and two walls of fire, Brian had nowhere to go. The smoke choked off his breathing.
The hellhound stepped forward. "Fresh Meat," it growled out.
"Parks!" A female voice called out.
Brian jerked around and tried to shield his eyes from the heat with the back of his hand. He peeked through the narrow gap of his fingers at the broom-riding witch as she flew through the wall of fire.
She hiked her skirt and grabbed the wand sheathed to her calf by leather straps, aimed it at the hellhound, and uttered an invocation. The beast froze. Patches of its skin glowed red like the sides of an old wood heater, flames burned in its eye sockets, and it exploded like a Fourth of July skyrocket.
She hovered next to him. "Just don't stand there gawking, Parks, hop on."
"What about the vampire?"
"The flames will destroy it." The flames grew higher. "Hurry, Parks, if you want to live." She landed her broom next to him.
He straddled the broomstick and wrapped his arms around her waist. "What about the fire?"
She lifted off and flew them away from the vampire and into the flames.
Brian stiffened his body and prepared to be charbroiled, but the witch waved her wand and the flames parted. By the time they flew out of the house, it was engulfed. She made a couple of passes in front of the full moon. "I just love doing that," she said. Then she brought them to a soft landing.
Shaken, he climbed off. It was the first time he'd gotten a good look at her. He stared wide-eyed. It was the dancer that had mysteriously walked out of his life years ago. "Maria!" Her long, black robe plunged at the neckline, and the pointed hat atop her head crowned her dark locks of hair that flowed down past her shoulders. "You're a witch?"
"I prefer enchantress." She grinned.
"What are you doing here?"
"What does it look like? I'm here to save your ass."
"How'd you know where to find me?"
She huffed. "Crystal ball. How'd you think I found you?"
"You've been watching me?"
She nodded.
"Why?"
"Not now, Parks. The sun will be coming up soon; you'd better find your girlfriend."
Brian's face lit up. "You think she's alive?"
She shrugged. "Something like that."
He looked skeptical. "How do you know?"
"Oh, I know," she replied.
"Then where is she?"
"I'm picking up that she's somewhere around here and she needs you."
"If you know all that, then you'd know that she isn't my girlfriend, she's my partner."
"Trust me, Parks, the girl really likes you."
He stood there gawking.
"Well, what are you waiting for? Chop, chop!" She gave the broom a command and took off.
As Brian looked up into the sky, Maria's figure was silhouetted against the backdrop of the moon as she made another pass and flew away. The distant howl of wolves filled the air as a thin red line split the dark horizon. Brian felt a sense of hopelessness. He only had minutes to find Sharon. If he found her, what then? It's not like he had anti-vampire venom. The only way that he knew how to cure a bad case of vampirism was to drive a stake through her heart. He shuddered at the thought.
He felt a jolt of shock when someone or something suddenly landed in front of him.
"I almost forgot." Maria reached the pouch and fumbled around in it before pulling out a small amber colored bottle.
"What's that?" he asked.
"Anti-vampire serum," she replied and tossed it to him.
Stunned, he almost dropped it.
"Careful, Parks. I had to milk a lot of vamps to get that. Give her this and she'll be her old self again."
He nodded and stuck it in his pocket. "Maria, why did you leave me?"
"Parks, there are more important things to deal with right now."
He stood there.
"All right. Think about it, Parks. A witch and a mortal." She shook her head. "It would never work." He began to say something, but she lifted a finger. "Don't say another word. You're wasting time. If she sleeps through the day then there's no turning her back." She pulled a small, cloth pouch from her bag and handed it to him.
"What's this?"
"You're going to have to burn the nest when you find it. The risk is that your girl could be fried too, unless she is still more human than vamp."
"Don't you have something in that bag that will protect her?"
She shook her head. "Sorry, dude, this is the best I can do."
He looked at her dismayed. "Aren't you going to help me?"
She shook her head again. "I broke the rules when I slept with you...and rescuing you tonight.... If I help you again...phtttt... too risky! If the girls in the covenant find out, my powers get revoked."
"Okay! I get it!"
"One more thing, Parks."
He looked at her curiously.
"When you burn the nest you've got to say these words, Adolebitque infantem ardeat. Think you can remember that?"
"Yeah, I think so."
"Don't be so namby pamby, Parks. You've got to recite it exactly. Now let me here you say it."
"Adolebitque infantem, uh, ardeat."
She shook her head. "Put some heat in it."
"ADOLEBITQUE INFANTEM ARDEAT!"
"That's better."
They heard the wail of sirens.
"You'd better hurry and find the nest." She nodded at the house engulfed with flames. "The fire department and cops are going to be crawling all over this place real soon." Without warning, she took off.
He looked around. If he had to guess, the vamps were holed up in the mausoleum. He headed for it, and when Brian arrived at the heavy, metal doors, guarded by a stone image of the grim reaper, he found them locked.
The sirens grew closer.
Brian quickly skirted the perimeter and found nothing but smooth, stone walls infested with creeping vines. When he returned to the entrance he found the door slightly ajar. He slipped through the gap and the slab of iron slammed closed behind him. Suddenly, it was pitch black and the place smelled bad, like the time he forgot a package of raw meat in the trunk of his car. Brian twisted around and put his shoulder into the door as he turned the knob. It didn't budge. There was a noise at his back and he spun around.
The room began to glow. The light was sickly green, but didn't appear to have a source, and it was strong enough to illuminate the crypt in the middle of the room. As the stone lid slowly opened, it made a grating sound.
Brian pressed his back hard against the door and watched in horror as mist crawled over the rim and drifted down. A hand grabbed the edge as the lid hit the floor with a heavy thud. The person inside sat up.
"Sharon!" He felt a spark of joy, but it was short lived.
Two of her upper, pearly whites sprouted into jugular-piercing fangs. Her gaze settled on him.
He could tell by the look in her eyes that she didn't recognize him. "It's me, Brian."
She hissed.
He frantically groped inside his pocket for the antidote and found it.
Sharon rose to her feet and stepped out. She wore a red, keyhole halter costume that hugged the sensual curves of her body and black, leather boots with spiked heels. Much to his angst, his pubescent wish had come true. She gave him an out-of-kilter smile like someone that had been out on the town and had too much to drink. The bite marks on her neck trickled a small stream of blood. She walked slowly toward him.
If he was going to get the serum down her throat she had to be close. When she was only a few yards away, he heard a ruckus overhead and looked up.
The winged creature, hanging by it toes, dropped down between him and Sharon. It was Kandie, the dancer from Penelope's Place. She hissed and slapped the serum out of his hands. The vial broke into small pieces and released its contents to the floor. The liquid found a crack and channeled away.
"Girls, we have company," said Kandie.
Drawers inside the tomb made a gritty sound as they opened.
The place was suddenly crawling with vamps. They surrounded him. Brian still had the hex bag Maria had given him. He reached into his pocket hoping he could remember the words. He tossed it to the floor.
Kandie's eyes were drawn to the symbol on the bag. She cringed and covered her eyes. "NO!"
As the others tried to scramble back into their vaults, he yelled out, "E PLURIBUS UNUM!"
When nothing happened, Kandie let her hand slide from over her eyes and laughed. With a smug grin on her face, she looked at Parks. "Don't remember the words, do you?"
He shook his head.
"I've got something for you." She held a sharp stake in her hand. It was one of the ones he'd sharpened. The vamp quickly raised it and plunged the sharp end of the stake into his chest. The pain took his breath away and blood rapidly spread across his shirt. Suddenly, he felt disconnected. His knees buckled and he went down.
Kandie stepped out of the way. Sharon strolled up to him and knelt at his side. She raked a fingernail across his neck.
"Sharon, don't." He felt too weak to push her away.
She touched her finger to his lips. "Shhhhhhhhhhh." She reached down, placed a hand on each of his shoulders, leaned over him, and stared into his eyes. Tiny specks of light swirled there. "It'll all be over soon, and you'll live forever."
She brought her face close to his neck.
He could feel his beating pulse as she lightly brushed the tip of fangs over the spot where the wolf spider had bitten him. His felt the prick. The words came back to him. "ADOLEBITQUE INFANTEM ARDEAT!"
The bag exploded. Shrieks filled the room as ribbons of plasma whipped around like bolts of lightning and latched on to the vamps.
"Let me go," said Kandie. Her words were strained. The tendril attached to her began filling her with light. She screamed out in agony and exploded.
One by one, the others began to glow. The inside of the place looked like explosion in a fireworks factory as shrieks filled the air. Brian dove inside the open crypt and didn't move until the place was quiet again. Slowly, he raised and peeked over the rim.
Sharon stood near the door. A blue, liquid aura surrounded her.
She moved slowly toward him, and with her eyes, gave him a silent command. He stepped out of the vault. She reached out and pulled the stake from his chest.
He collapsed to the floor.
She knelt at his side and rested her lips close to his ear. "Don't be afraid," she whispered, and climbed into the crypt. Manipulated by some supernatural force, the heavy lid gravitated off the floor and covered the vault.
It was dark again and the place was quiet as a tomb.
Brian hurt, even his bones ached. He tried to stand, but couldn't. Suddenly, his skeleton literally twisted around inside him. He let out a groan and writhed in pain. Three oversized insect legs sprouted out of each side of his body and tore through his uniform. They flailed around like they had a mind of their own. He let out a scream, as his own legs grew long and spindly.
Someone or something outside the crypt banged on the door. He heard a muffled voice: clearly a man asking if anyone was inside.
"Help me," Brian didn't recognize his own voice. It was a watery, high-pitched, nonhuman whine.
The banging outside the mausoleum got louder.
His new appendages flipped him onto his stomach. His hands were claw-like and covered in fine, brown hairs. Now, his shoulder blades ached. The skin split. He let out a cry of pain as a pair of small leathery wings popped out of his back. They flapped and shook off fluids and blood.
The door began to give in to the constant battering and a shaft of light spilled across the floor.
Brian wanted to yell out to them, tell them that he was Brian Parks with the LA Police Department, but discovered he no longer had a voice.
The rift in the door grew wider. More light poured in. The door shook violently. A few more licks and it was coming down.
Brian wondered what they would do if they opened the crypt and stumbled in on this monstrosity. They'd kill him, that's what they'd do. He scurried to the back of the crypt, scuttled up the wall to one of the empty vaults, and squeezed in.
The door trembled and caved in. A firefighter holding a battering ram rushed inside with a brigade behind him. The first one looked around. Finally, with a dumbfounded look on his face, he shrugged his shoulders. "I swear I heard a female screaming inside here."
One of the other firefighters slapped him on the shoulder. "It looks empty to me."
The bewildered look on the man's face remained as he scanned the crypt one more time.
"Let's get out of here," said one of the others. "This place gives me the creeps."
The first one nodded.
They all turned and left.
It was dusk when he came out. The house was now a smoldering pile of ash. Through the keen sight of his one eye, he spotted a few varmints in the tall grass. Brian remembered something about the wolf spider having excellent eyesight and a great appetite. He felt hungry. The last time he'd eaten was yesterday. He'd wait, and when it got dark, he'd spin a web with the anticipation of netting a huge catch for the night. Maybe a tasty dog or cat, or if he was lucky, a human or two. He remembered little boys in search of adventure like to lurk around places like this.
And, as far as Brian Parks was concerned, Holly-Weird couldn't get any weirder than this.












































The Agency

Murdoch plucked the glass eye from its socket and rubbed it across the sleeve of his tweed jacket. He closely examined the artificial eyeball for lint before popping it back into his head. "The Agency sent me here to kill you, Mr. Spencer."
Standing with his back to Murdoch, Frank Spencer stared out the window as the storm festered in the night sky. Rain pelted against the window pane and globs of water drooled down the glass, obscuring the outside world. Frank turned and glared at the frail man who was sitting on the shabby sofa in his living room. He nodded his head, "I know why you are here, Murdoch." He looked over at the clock hanging on the wall. "Why so late?"
"I had a prior engagement." Murdoch twisted around and grabbed the white cotton macassar from the back of the couch. He turned back around, looked at Frank and held the linen in the air. "May I?"
Frank stared at the circle of cloth dangling from Murdoch’s fingertips, and a look of perplexity washed across his face. "I suppose."
Murdoch reached inside his coat and pulled out a nickel-plated revolver and slowly began wiping it down. He angled it up to the ceiling light for a thorough inspection. "That should do nicely." He draped the cloth over the pistol and used it to shove the gun back into its holster. He rose from the sofa and replaced the linen.
Murdoch walked across the room dodging the empty whiskey bottles and over-flowing ashtrays littering the floor. He stopped at a shelf cluttered with Hollywood memorabilia and picked up a trophy. "Midnight to Nowhere, I remember that flick; I took my first movie date to see that picture. Nothing would get a girl all hot and bothered like taking her to see a Frank Spencer movie. God, that was so many years ago, but I can still remember it like it was yesterday." Murdoch turned and looked at Frank. "That was your last memorable motion picture before your career hit the skids." He gave Frank a thoughtful look. "Didn't you win an Oscar for that film?"
Frank marched across the room and plucked the trophy from Murdoch's bony fingers. "I was nominated, but I didn't win the Oscar." He set the trophy back on the shelf.
"That's too bad." Murdoch wiggled the fingers on his empty hand. "Nothing like watching your greatest desire as it slips through your fingers." He raised his eyebrows and glanced up with his good eye. "I remember seeing your face plastered on the front page of every tabloid, along with your co-star Margaret Gray. There for awhile, you two were a hot item."
Frank returned to the window and stared out. A bolt of lightning highlighted his deep wrinkles and thinning white hair. "Don't believe everything you hear in Hollywood."
Murdoch glanced over his shoulder at Frank. "What do you mean?"
"Our romance was a cover up. Margaret Gray was a lesbian."
Murdoch blinked. "Gee, I didn't know that."
"That kind of publicity would have ruined a career back then and destroyed the studio's reputation." Frank walked away from the window and sat down in an overstuffed easy chair. He lit a cigarette and expertly sent two rings of smoke, one inside the other, drifting toward the ceiling. "Why don't we just move along and talk about the business at hand." He poured himself a whiskey.
Murdoch's thin lips transformed into an eager smile. "Sure, sounds good to me." He walked over to the sofa and plopped back down onto the sagging cushions. He leaned toward Frank. "You remember how it was, the paparazzi digging into every little detail of your private life. Everyone wanting to be near you, hounding you for photographs and autographs." He looked Frank squarely in the eye, raised his hand and snapped his fingers. "And just like that, fame loses its luster. One day you wake up and no one knows who Frank Spencer is and no one cares."
Frank fidgeted in his chair. "I still have a few friends in Hollywood."
Murdoch lifted the corners of his lips into a faint smile. "Friends? Don't fool yourself. None of those so-called friends go to bed at night wondering how Frank Spencer is doing. You have to take care of yourself, because no one else will." Murdoch's attention drifted to the awards on the shelf. "There are a few Hollywood idols that stay in the limelight long after their leading-role-looks have faded away." He looked over at Frank, lifted his hand and pointed a finger. "You, on the other hand, go un-noticed in public. The phone has stopped ringing." He shook his head. "You've become used up by Hollywood and they've tossed you out like a scrap of worthless trash, and opportunity has faded away. You've fallen into obscurity, left with nothing but a few memories and an empty bank account."
Frank straightened his spine and pulled his shoulders back. He took a deep breath. "I could still make a come-back."
Murdoch stood up and lifted his hands in the air, condemning the collection of yellowed Hollywood photographs hanging on the walls. "Look around you Frank, there is no come-back. All you have are a few dusty trophies and some old photographs crammed in a dump on the bad side of town."
"My career is not over. A lot of people still recognize the name Frank Spencer."
Murdoch smirked. "Yeah, maybe a few old blue-haired ladies in nursing homes would remember who Frank Spencer is." Murdoch edged in a little closer. "Tell me, Frank, when was the last time anyone offered you a role in anything?" Silence hung thick in the air. "That's what I thought. As far as Hollywood and the fans are concerned, Frank Spencer died a long time ago."
Frank snuffed out his smoke and slumped back in his easy chair. He stared at the awards. "I'm not dead yet, there's still a chance...."
Murdoch howled, "A chance?" And then he laughed. His laugh trailed off as his face grew serious and his glass eye betrayed a condescending stare. "We should have collected a long time ago, Frank. We gave you a chance to pull yourself out of the bottle, but you destroyed yourself and your career."
Frank deflated and slumped forward.
Murdoch sat. His thin frame folded in on itself as he reached down and lifted his briefcase from the floor. He flopped it on the coffee table. "You didn't keep your side of the bargain." He unlocked the gold clasp and flipped the top open. He removed a stack of papers and tossed them in front of Frank onto the table that was marred by burns from forgotten cigarettes, placed on the edge, during late-night drinking marathons. He reached over and flipped through the document and folded back to the last page and pointed. "That's your signature. You do remember signing it, don't you?"
Frank stared blankly at the contract and then looked up at Murdoch, "I'm not sure." He massaged his temples with the tips of his fingers, as if warding off an oncoming headache. "It's been too long ago."
Murdoch reached inside the briefcase and retrieved a clear vial with a small brown object sealed inside. He shook it in Frank's face. "The Agency wouldn't take a chance of spoiling those good looks of yours, but hardly anyone would miss this. It was our way to keep you from reneging on our contract. Remember now?"
Frank glanced down at his slippers, feeling the empty space in his left shoe where a little toe had once existed. "Yes, I remember."
Murdoch shoved the vial back into the briefcase. He reached across the table and placed a re-assuring hand on Frank's shoulder. "We will honor our part of the agreement. After your death, there will be Frank Spencer marathons on TCM. Your picture will be on the cover of People Magazine and Hallmark will do a movie of your life."
Frank pulled away from Murdoch's hand and reached inside the breast pocket of his silk, monogrammed smoking-jacket. He grabbed a pair of cheap reading glasses and placed them over his eyes before retrieving the contract from the table. He lifted the legal papers up to eye level and pulled them in for a closer inspection.
"The contract is standard," said Murdoch." The Agency receives one-hundred percent of the income generated by memorabilia sales and royalties following your death."
Frank dropped the contract. "I'm an old man and my heart is bad." He looked up at Murdoch with pleading eyes. "Can't you wait a few years? I'll be dead by then anyway."
Murdoch returned a contemplative stare, "True." He shrugged. "But the public is not interested in some old washed-up Hollywood has-been dying alone in his apartment." Murdoch's lips twisted into a macabre smile. "But, if that same old has-been movie-star dies a mysterious and tragic death, then it has everyone talking." His smile broadened. "And that, is good for business."
A flash of lightning brightened the dim room and a peal of thunder followed. The lights flickered and then brightened. "I'm not ready." Frank stated.
Murdoch cocked his head. "You're not ready? Will you ever be ready, Frank?" Murdoch straightened up and settled back in the sofa. "I'll let you in on a little secret, you're not the only one who wasn't ready. The Agency has helped more than one faded star escape the tragedy of a Hollywood wash-out over the years. Look at it this way; we are probably doing you a great favor. Think about it. You're looking at a triple bypass and a pace maker. In reality, The Agency is saving you a year, maybe two, of pain and suffering."
Frank gazed longingly at the awards shelf again. "One last chance for an Oscar. Then I swear...."
Murdoch rubbed his chin. "You've had your chance. This is the end of the line and the contract has come due. You owe us."
Frank lurched forward. "The Agency promised."
"The Agency promised you what, Frank?" Murdoch calmly inquired.
Frank glanced at the contract on the table. "They promised me that I would get everything that I wanted."
"The Agency has kept its end of the bargain," Murdoch replied. "You were a leading man for over twenty-five years. You were associated with the most beautiful women in Hollywood. You had fame and you had fortune."
Frank looked up and scowled. "It was my good looks and my talent that propelled me to the top. The Agency didn't give me that."
"You were just another good looking face in the crowd," Murdoch retorted. "You might have landed a commercial or two, maybe even a bit part in a movie. But it was The Agency that got your foot in the door. It was the Agency that put your face in front of the right people."
Lightning flickered and the lights went out, followed by a rumble of thunder that shook the room.
Murdoch spoke from the darkness. "Must have shorted a transformer. Have any candles?"
"No," Frank growled.
Removing a Zippo from his pocket, Murdoch flicked the lighter. "This should do the trick." He set the lit Zippo on the coffee table.
Frank stared into the flame. "How are you going to do it?" He turned his head to Murdoch. "You know, kill me."
Murdoch returned a solemn look. "Maybe we should let that be a surprise. But, I can assure you that you will not be disappointed." He looked at Frank and smiled. "Have you heard about Robert Grayson?"
Curiosity scattered the apprehension on Frank's face. "What about him?"
"Oh, I don't guess you've heard; being out of the loop does have its drawbacks. The studio is shooting a re-make of Midnight to Nowhere and he has a part in it. They're shooting the last scene tonight. At this moment, Robert Grayson is playing the part of Big Tony." He hiked an eyebrow. "I believe he received an Oscar for best actor the same year you tumbled from Hollywood's grace," Murdoch taunted. "And you didn't get anything."
Frank's eyes narrowed and he reciprocated with a sneer. "I know who Grayson really is. He's a two-bit, no talent character actor. He's going to ruin the movie. Why are you telling me this?"
Murdoch picked up the lighter and removed the contract from the table. He placed the document back into the briefcase and closed the lid. "Just making conversation," he said as he locked the clasp. He placed the make-shift candle back on top of the briefcase. "I can't remember the actor's name that played Big Tony in the original film."
Frank's face brightened. "I remember! That character was played by Jensen Isles."
Murdoch snapped his fingers, "That's right." He shook a finger at Frank. "And if I'm correct, Mr. Isles won an Oscar that year for best supporting role. Maybe Richard Grayson will receive another Oscar for his work in the re-make." The lights in the apartment flickered and came back on. "Ah, we have light." He flipped the lid on the lighter closed and stuffed it back into his coat pocket. "It's time, Mr. Spencer."
"Time for what?"
"Let's not play games." Murdoch checked the time on his wristwatch. "I have another appointment tonight."
Frank picked up his glass of whiskey. He took a sip and then settled back in his chair with the glass, cradled in both hands, resting across his chest. He looked up at Murdoch, "I'm not going anywhere."
Murdoch reached down and grabbed the lapel of his coat and pulled it open exposing the revolver nesting in its holster. "Let's not forget who has the advantage here."
Frank stared at the pistol. He took a deep breath and sighed. "Okay, Murdoch, you win. It's over. I am too old and too tired to be chasing rainbows." Frank looked down at his smoking jacket. "At least, let me change into something more appropriate."
Murdoch released his hold on the tweed jacket and the lapel fell gently back into place, concealing his weapon. He looked at Frank and nodded his head.
Frank downed the rest of the whiskey and popped up from the recliner. "I'll only be a moment." He hurried toward the bedroom. At the doorway, he turned around and extended his hand. He curled his fingers into a tight upturned fist. "I had it. The Oscar was within my reach. Then I lost it." Frank's head sagged to his chest as he stepped into the room and in lieu of a door, pulled a curtain closed.
Within a few minutes, Frank emerged wearing an obsolete three piece suit. He stopped in the middle of the room, smoothed the material with his hands and pinned a white artificial carnation to the lapel. "I wore this suit in the original Midnight to Nowhere. The wardrobe mistress presented it to me after we wrapped the shoot. I've kept it hanging in my closet all these years." He pointed to the door. "Please, Mr. Murdoch. I would really like to get this over with." He hurried across the room and opened the door leading out of the apartment. He looked back over his shoulder. "Are you coming?"
"Sure." Murdoch followed Frank out into the hallway and closed the door behind him.
Murdoch cranked the engine of his black 1946 Super Ford Deluxe, threw the column shifter in reverse, and backed out of the parking space. He drove out of the parking garage with Frank sitting on the passenger side of the full-sized front seat.
Frank surveyed the interior of the Ford. "Nice restoration job. Your work must pay well."
"It does have its perks." Murdoch eased out onto the empty street, turned on his wipers and looked up through the windshield at the night sky. "It doesn't look like this storm is going to ease up anytime soon."
Frank slowly reached inside his jacket, pulling a forty-five revolver. He quickly pressed the end of the barrel against Murdoch's temple. "Don't make any sudden moves or I'll blast ya'."
Murdoch stared straight ahead and snickered. "That sounds like a line from one of your old movies."
Frank applied a little pressure to Murdoch's temple. "Maybe it is, but the gun is not a prop. And I assure you, it's loaded."
"Maybe this is your last shot for an Oscar, pardon the pun."
Frank pushed the gun harder against Murdoch's head. "Don't treat me like some senile old fool." He used his free hand to reach cautiously inside Murdoch's jacket, fishing the pistol from its holster. He dropped it to the floor next to his feet.
Murdoch lifted his foot from the accelerator and punched hard on the brakes. The Ford skidded to a stop. For a moment, the only sound was the rain pelting the roof of the car and the wiper blades raking back and forth across the windshield. He turned and the gun's barrel sat square in the middle of his forehead. "You don't make the deals here, Frank."
Frank cocked the pistol as lightning ripped through the heavens. "I'm betting that you're not ready to check out of here just yet." Frank watched the rosary hanging from the rear-view mirror tremble in the aftershock of thunder. "What do you say, Mr. Murdoch?"
Murdoch eased his foot off the brake and faced the road. "Where to?"
"To the set of Midnight to Nowhere."
Murdoch grinned. "Curiosity killed the cat."
With Frank still nuzzling the forty-five against his skull, Murdoch steered the car down Hollywood Boulevard through the pouring rain. Murdoch said, "That thing must be getting unbearably heavy by now."
The ache in Frank's hand had crawled up his arm and into his shoulder. "I'm fine."
Murdoch shifted in the seat. "I love old Hollywood. That is one of the reasons why I took this job." He let out a satisfied sigh. "The actors and actresses had such a flair for delivering their character right into the laps of the audience. They had talent."
Frank suddenly forgot about the spreading pain that was now gnawing into his shoulder blade. He relaxed his tight grip on the pistol and released the hammer. His face softened. "I know what you mean. It's all about economics these days. Get rid of them before you have to shell out the big bucks. They're just a face. Maybe they make a film or two and then they disappear."
"Absolutely," Murdoch agreed. "The new Hollywood just mills them through and disposes of any chance of culturing a true star on the silver screen." He shook his head. "It has certainly turned into a sad little business. But it's all for the best. It helps to keep the bad blood out of Tensil-town."
Frank tightened his grip on the pistol and pressed it back against Murdoch's temple. His relaxed expression was suddenly flushed with anger. "What do you mean?"
Murdoch signaled for a left turn. "I mean, that now there is less time to build up peer rivalry in Hollywood. The way I heard it told, was that you and Grayson had words after the awards ceremony."
Frank scowled, pulled the gun away from Murdoch's head and shook it at him. "Grayson was a sorry SOB then and he still is."
A sly grin rose on Murdoch's lips. "Why, because his career took off and yours plummeted straight to the bottom?"
Frank shoved the pistol back to Murdoch's head. The pressure created a white ring on the skin around the end of the muzzle. "Maybe you should shut up before I scatter your brains all over this pricey car of yours."
Murdoch made a sharp left turn, bringing the car to a sudden stop in front of a guard shack and the rosary swung back and forth like a clock's pendulum. "We're here," Murdoch announced. He turned off the ignition.
Frank strained to see beyond the thick coat of rain running down the windshield. He heard the horn blast from a tugboat. "Where are we?" He pulled the pistol away from Murdoch's head and leaned forward. He used the back of his sleeve to make a small porthole in the sweat that had formed inside on the windshield. He pressed his face close to the glass. "What's going on here?"
Colored lights of the cityscape from across the river danced on the surface of the water with the rhythm of the falling rain. A few merchant vessels slowly chugged up the river through the churning currents, and the rest of the view was lost to the darkness and the sheets of rain. "What's this all about?" A bolt of lightning flashed and briefly illuminated the sign above the tin building and then the image was quickly disposed back to the shadows. Frank pointed into the darkness. "Why are we at the docks?"
"The studio rented a warehouse on the docks for the last scene. For the sake of realism," Murdoch replied.
Frank pulled the hammer back. It clicked and locked. "What kind of trick are you trying to pull?"
"I'm not pulling anything. You have the gun. You're here of your own free will."
Frank looked at the dark and empty guard shack. "Where's the guard?"
Murdoch shrugged. "I don't know. I just got here myself."
Frank frowned. "Don't get wise with me."
Murdoch pointed to the open gate. "We should just drive in."
Frank hoisted the gun up and pointed the barrel at Murdoch. "Take it slow."
Murdoch started the engine and took the Ford slowly through the gate and made a sharp right out onto the pier. The car rolled along the warped planks. Frank succumbed to the pain screaming in his bicep and placed the pistol in his lap. He looked at Murdoch and said, "Don't get any wise ideas. It's still cocked and I can get to it faster than you can."
Murdoch lifted his hands off the steering wheel and held them in the air. "Come on, I'm not stupid." He let his hands fall back down on the wheel and resumed steering the car down the crumbling wharf.
Frank used the hand-crank to roll down the glass and he craned his head outside the window into the rain. He looked down at the ancient wood bending and creaking under the white-wall tires. He had a vision of the car breaking through the planks and plunging into the cold, dark water below. He pulled his head back inside and with a swipe of his hand, pushed the rain soaked chords of thin, white hair out of his eyes. "I'm not so sure this is safe. We should walk the rest of the way." Frank rolled the window up and clutched his chest. "Ughhhhh."
"Take it easy old timer. We're almost there," Murdoch assured him.
Murdoch piloted the car down the pier through the intermittent shadows and parked next to a forties-style black and white police cruiser. He looked at Frank, who was still clutching his chest with his eyes closed. Murdoch leaned over and gently shook Frank on the shoulder.
Frank's eyes bolted open in a wide-eyed stare as he fumbled for the gun and slid his finger across the trigger, jerking it out of his lap. He poked the pistol in Murdoch's face. "Get back."
Murdoch eased back into the driver's seat. Lifting his hand, he pointed a finger at the vehicle parked outside of Frank's window. "Look."
Frank turned his head and strained to see past the rain at the old-style police cruiser sitting next to a warehouse. "So, you were telling the truth."
Murdoch opened his door. "Come on." He stepped out into the downpour and raced to the front entrance. He motioned for Frank to follow.
Frank bent over and picked up Murdoch's gun from the floorboard; he noticed a rabbit’s foot dangling from the keys in the ignition. He considered his own luck and checked the cylinder for bullets before shoving it in his pocket. He stepped out of the car, clutching his own forty-five pistol. He covered his brow with his hand, shielding his eyes from the falling rain as he stared at the words, Warehouse 13, stenciled on the front door of the building.
"Come on." Murdoch called from the sanctuary of the awning. "Get out of the rain." He opened the door and motioned for Frank to join him, but he remained a motionless gray figure in the distance, so Murdoch slipped inside, leaving him standing alone in the deluge.
Frank stood in the storm contemplating matters as he watched the water stream down the gun barrel and onto the pier. He couldn't help but notice that the water, eddying along the planks, only traveled a short distance, before it was caught by gaps in the boards and fell helplessly through the cracks. He removed Murdoch's pistol from his coat and for a brief moment he considered its lethal capabilities. He cocked his arm and threw the gun high into the air. It remained airborne long enough to clear the dock and then plunge into the deep murky water below. He tucked his prop pistol under his jacket and waded across the slippery planks to the entrance of the warehouse. Frank opened the heavy metal door and poked his head inside. A shiver ran down his spine when he saw there was only one source of illumination.
It was a spotlight beaming down, creating an oasis in the middle of the room. Beyond the circle of light was total darkness. He opened the door far enough to squeeze through and walk over to the light. He stood in its center, dripping water from his clothes down to the concrete floor. He pulled his collar close to his neck and shivered against the cool damp air.
Frank pulled the fake revolver from its nesting place. "Murdoch," he yelled. Frank tilted his head and waited for a response. When none came, he pointed the revolver into the darkness. "Murdoch, I'm only going to give you a few seconds to come out before I open up." Silence rang in his ears. He shouted, "Where are you?" Frank revolved on his feet in a circle, like a beacon shining from a lighthouse, until he felt light headed. He stopped spinning and planted his free hand over his chest. He coughed and said in a raspy voice, "Murdoch, I'm not kidding. Don't make me kill you."
A male voice called from the darkness, "Over here."
Frank jerked and gasped for air. He edged forward, carefully stepping in the direction of the voice, with the revolver leading the way. When he arrived at the brink of darkness he halted. "Where are you?" Frank stared out into dead space. With his own breath whispering in his ears and the feel of his heart pounding in his chest, he listened for a response for what seemed like an eternity.
"Here, on the floor," the voice responded. "Help me."
Frank cautiously stepped forward and planted the toe of one of his winged tipped shoes outside the perimeter of light. He craned his head forward and strained his eyes to see through the veil of darkness. He heard something in the shadows slithering along the floor and gurgling like a plugged drain pipe. He shook the gun at the black hollow. "Don't come any closer." A pain streaked through his heart like a bolt of lightning and his chest muscles quivered in the aftershock. He dropped the gun and turned to run.
A bloodied hand reached out of the darkness and grabbed Frank around the ankle. He looked down over his shoulder as a mortally wounded Richard Grayson pulled himself across the floor and into the light. With every exhale of breath, blood and air escaped through the hole in his chest.
Frank’s eyes widened in terror. "Oh God! Please! No!"
Frank broke free and stumbled through the room, out the door and onto the pier. The beat of his heart was like thunder in his ears and he felt the constriction of the muscles in his chest suffocating him like the coils of a boa constrictor. He stumbled across the crumbling planks and collapsed at the edge of the pier, with one of his arms hanging out over the water. He listened to the water lap against the pier and then heard approaching footsteps. Frank gasped for air. The footsteps stopped next to him and then he heard a thud as an object touched down on the wood.
Murdoch kneeled next to Spencer and watched him gasp for air. "Bravo, Frank. Outstanding last performance."
Frank lifted his head and tried to form words with his mouth.
Murdoch mocked Frank with child-like glee. "What's that?" He leaned down and began to improv. "Yes, it was perfect," he chimed. "The cast and crew was let go early because of the storm. Grayson is always the last to leave the set, so I just waited around for him to be alone and put a bullet through his chest." Murdoch sat down. "The murder weapon has your fingerprints all over it and cotton fibers from the doily in your apartment."
Frank coughed and spittle ran down the side of his face. He silently worked his lips as he stared up at Murdoch with glazed eyes.
Murdoch continued with his monolog. "I can see the headlines now." He reached down and patted Frank on the chest. "Aren't you excited Frank? You are going to be big news again. Everyone is going to be talking about Frank Spencer. One more thing, Frank." He twisted around and picked up the metal object that he had placed on the deck. He held it above Frank's head. "Ladies and gentlemen, tonight’s Oscar goes to....Frank Spencer." He laid the award across Frank's chest.
Frank smiled weakly, raised a shaky hand in the air, and crooked his finger for Murdoch to come closer.
Murdoch complied.
With a final burst of strength, Frank snatched the trophy off his chest and whacked Murdoch across the forehead.
Murdoch’s glass eye popped out, rolled across the pier like a stray marble, and dropped through a gap. His other eye rolled back in his head and his eyelids fluttered as blood poured out of the gash above his eyebrow. He fell back and flipped off the pier into the water. His unconscious body broke the surface with a hardy splash and sank.
Frank let the Oscar slip from his fingers and it followed Murdoch down into the watery depths, to join him on the bottom.
Frank smiled and closed his eyes.










Lint

Sharon Massey felt like she was being watched. She reassured herself that no one else would be down in the badly-lit basement of the Glendale Hotel at 3 A.M. Although the summer temperatures had spiked to a record high, a wave of cold chills ran across her skin and raised the hairs on her arms. She shivered and slipped a button-up sweater over her cropped T-shirt. As the sensation grew stronger, the fine hairs on the back of her neck stood up and she felt compelled to finish what she'd come down here to do.
She reached down into the hip pocket of her sweatpants for the handful of loose change just as one of the ancient beams on a load-bearing wall let out a loud groan and a rapid succession of pops pursued. Old buildings shifted, she knew that, but she hoped the aged timber wasn't brittle enough to suddenly snap, bringing the whole building crashing down on top of her head.
Over the years, the antiquated gothic hotel had fallen into a state of negligence and disrepair. A slow creeping tide of poverty had worked its way through the neighborhood, leaving the business district a lifeless carcass of empty buildings and boarded up windows. The streets had become open territory to undesirables such as prostitutes, drifters, and drug dealers. Instead of bringing the building back up to code, the new owner had made payoffs to the right people and now the establishment attracted the destitute that paid for substandard conditions on a weekly basis. Without the power to leverage complaints, they surrendered their pride and accepted their situation. Being employed as a telemarketer twelve hours a day paid very little and this place was all Sharon could afford.
She waited for the restless framework to settle before she pulled the coins, that was part of her grocery money, from her pocket. The feeling of eyes on her back persisted to creep her out as she counted out the quarters. She held onto the ones she needed, pocketed the remainder and then stood perfectly still while listening for anything out of the ordinary. Her eyes darted back and forth from one end of the room to the other as the uneasy feeling continued to grow. The basement was far enough removed that if something were to happen, she wasn't sure that anyone could hear her screams or pleas for help. One by one, she clumsily fed quarters into the coin slot while looking back over her shoulder and hoped the feelings she'd conjured up stemmed from a rumor about a body being buried in the basement. Veteran tenants eagerly spread the gossip to newcomers about the previous owner who'd failed to pay back a high interest loan to a notorious loan shark, and his bones supposedly resided beneath the floor. She skipped a quick glance off the large oval shaped patch in the concrete as she slipped the last quarter through the narrow gap. The coin rattled its way down the machine's metal gullet and dropped into the coin box with a clink. She quickly did a full about face to catch the perpetrator in the act, but all she confronted was the ancient furnace that sometimes provided heat to the radiators on cold winter days. It made her feel better that it was only her imagination at play; no company was better than bad company.
Content that she was the only living soul inhabiting the place, she turned, picked up the plastic bottle from the laundry basket, unscrewed the cap and poured the liquid soap into the dispenser. She pressed the wash cycle button with the tip of a polished nail. This week they were pink. Maybe next week, after she got paid, she would go for a white tip and a clear coat of lacquer, or maybe spring for a diamond stud for her left nostril. That would be a nice change. She screwed the cap back on the bottle and tossed it into the basket.
Sharon returned to the recent addition of plastic, multi-colored chairs across the room that Mr. Grogan, the hotel manager, had dug out of the trash from behind the Hair Clinic on Forbs Avenue. She stashed what was left of her meager boons into her purse and sat down in the pink chair, since it was her favorite color. She knew where the chairs had come from because she'd seen the same ones while taking the shortcut through the alley on her walk to work. They'd been stacked on top of a Dumpster behind the string of buildings that housed the beauty salon. She would bet her last cigarette that Grogan was taking money from the petty cash drawer and writing out fake receipts for the junk he found on curbsides and alleyways. It seemed that every time the hotel acquired another cast-off addition, he suddenly had money for a new pair of shoes or another gaudy necklace that he liked to show off by walking around the complex with his shirt unbuttoned down to his navel while whistling and jingling the loose coins in his pocket. She found it annoying and thought he instinctively performed his reptilian-brained ritual to attract a mate or maybe just get laid. She thought it was the latter because she remembered crossing the courtyard in early spring wearing a pair of cut-off denim shorts and a tank-top when he'd appeared from around the corner of the building and met her head on. He'd deliberately jingled the coins in his pocket as if to draw her attention to his groin while launching a full frontal assault on her perky assets with his dark eyes. His perverted gaze moved across her breasts like a slippery patch of oil and after he'd passed her, she felt his stare on her ass.
The feeling of being watched returned and she desperately wanted a cigarette. It had only been a week since she'd quit and the urge was still strong. She quickly dampened the craving by picking up her self-help book from the neighboring chair and returning to the previous chapter of theoretical postulates that she had mentally digested the day before. The information streamed through her mind and filled the chasm of her psyche with a possible remedy to her plight in life. The book suggested that change began with the simplest of things, such as breaking your routine, like parking your car in a different spot at work each day, or facing your fears. Sharon's fear was this basement. She looked around. The place was creepy in the daylight hours, but it was even creepier in the dark. Sounds from unknown sources became more distorted and frequent, and the stuff hanging out in the corners, decoded by the light of day as benign junk, became sinister figures lurking in the shadows by night. That's why she was here, to prove her fears were imagined and that they had no more substance than those dark ethereal shapes cowering from the light down here. Her eyes settled on the shoebox-sized windows running in a horizontal line inches from the ceiling. All but one of the twenty-four windows was completely covered with a thick coat of black paint on the outside of the glass. Someone had scratched an aperture about the size of a silver dollar in the streaky layer of latex in the middle pane. A person could lie belly down, outside in the unkempt boxwood hedges and engage in a ground-level peepshow. She wondered what kind of a pervert got off to watching women fold their panties and bras. Her suspicions immediately went back to Grogan.
She returned to reading the book. The words were hard to see beneath the poor lighting. Frustration set in. Even though the glow from an ancient lamppost in the middle of the courtyard struggled through the scraggily branches of the hedges and found its way through the orifice in the painted-out window, by the time the narrow beam entered the basement, it was yellow and dull like an old family portrait that had hung on a wall for countless generations and grown dim over the years. It did little to aid the two fluorescent tubes in the ceiling fixture that was prone to fits of flickering. Sharon had been down in the basement during one of the fluorescents' episodes and the strobe effect had made her feel dizzy and nauseated. Her vision had become warped like she was on some weird psychedelic trip and she'd fled the room leaving her clothes sprawled out on the folding table. The next day, she'd summoned enough courage to go back down into the bowels of the basement to retrieve her wardrobe, even though she suspected that the girl in 2B had already found the clothes and claimed them as her own. The girl was always admiring her outfits and fawning over them, much to Sharon's irritation, by seizing the opportunity to paw at her new print blouses whenever Sharon encountered her in the hallway. Maybe the girl was covertly copping a feel of her breasts. But much to Sharon's surprise, when she'd made it to the bottom of the steps, she found that her laundry had been neatly folded and placed in the basket.
Something hit the floor and made a TAT-sound like a baseball bat does when the batter connects with the ball on the sweet spot of the wood. She froze. The sound of shuffling feet made her gasp, drop her book, and jerk around in time to catch a glimpse of a shadow retreating into the corner beneath the stairs. Tension tugged her shoulders up around her ears at the sight of a wooden push-broom lying across the floor. She grabbed the lapels of her sweater and drew them together like the closing curtains on a Broadway play. "Who's there?" The constant droning of the washer on its spin cycle was the only answer. The overhead fluorescent tubes went into a fit of jitters. Her heart amped up and adrenalin pumped into her bloodstream. She was about to flee the basement on spring-loaded heels, but quickly calmed her irrationality with the thought that faulty wiring, snaking across the stone walls and through the ceiling joists, could be the culprit. Bad wiring would cause the light to flicker and high EMFs. It was becoming common knowledge that strong electro-magnetic fields could sometimes cause hallucinations. She thought that she might be one of those unfortunate victims. She took in slow deep breaths until her heart resumed its normal pace and questioned herself as to whether the broom was already on the floor. Satisfied that it was only a trick of her mind, she turned back around.
The light calmed and dimmed, but that did little to ease the tension that returned to coil itself around her belly like a boa constrictor causing her to take breaths in tiny sips. The craving for a cigarette returned. This time, it was amplified to nth degree. She liked using the term even though she didn't know what it meant; math was never her strong subject. Sharon blamed her lack of aptitude for numbers for keeping her out of City College and attaining a higher degree of education that would have catapulted her out of the lower income bracket and into the higher echelon of the middle class. She needed something to take the edge off and dug down into her purse and dredged up half a pack of Menthol Greens that she kept in case of an emergency such as this. She fished one out and stuck it between her lips before digging out a brushed-steel Titan lighter. She gave the wheel a spin; a spark from the flint ignited the wick. She touched the flame to the raw end of the cigarette, inhaled and the tip glowed red. The rush of nicotine in her veins made her feel high and there was something soothing about the smell of burning lighter fluid and tobacco mingling together that calmed her nerves.
The sound of feet shuffling across the concrete floor came from behind.
She whipped around and held the lighter above her head. The flame chased the shadows from the corner where the broom lay and exposed a battalion of daddy-long-leg spiders skittering up the stone wall. It reminded her of a scene from the weekly television series, Spirit Qwest Paranormal, when the team did an investigation at a deserted insane asylum. Sharon abandoned the EMF theory and thought it might be Mr. Cummings lurking around. He was prone to living his alter-ego and exhibiting odd behavior when off his lithium.
Richard Cummings was the all-round handyman and janitor at the Glendale Hotel, although he didn't do a very good job of keeping the lint cleaned out of the dryers. He lived alone in the attic surrounded by old posters and marquee cards proclaiming the young, dashing Richard Cummings Junior to be Captain Neutron. The old television series was a short-lived program in the mid-Sixties about a soldier that received his super powers from a nuclear blast at a test sight. The series was filled with clunky monsters and bad acting and went defunct along with Richard Cummings's career after an accident occurred on the set. As a parting gift to himself, Richard stole the costume. Four decades later, he did a TV commercial, as the return of Captain Neutron for Chuck's Pharmacy on Twenty-Third Street, advertising the super powers of the EZ Vitamins. The super hero had long faded into obscurity and the viewers no longer remembered or cared about the character. After the ribbing Chuck took from the general public and his customers about the cheesy commercial, it was taken off the air. Richard snapped and re-enacted an episode from the serial by climbing the clock tower in the middle of the town square to fight his evil arch enemy, the Green Gargoyle. After a few weeks on the fifth floor at County Hospital, and an increased dosage of lithium with a sedative chaser, Richard returned to his custodial duties at the hotel doing the thorizine shuffle while pushing a broom up and down the halls. He became the bottom rung on the social ladder as far as the infra-structure of residents at the hotel was concerned. They poked fun at Captain Neutron whenever and wherever he was within hearing range. Sharon often consoled his hurt feelings with a visit to his room and a store-bought bunt cake. They would drink coffee and eat cake while he regaled her with the heroic tales of Captain Neutron until he fell into a peaceful sleep in his recliner.
Sharon slowly moved the flame of the lighter side to side, shifting the shadows falling against the basement walls back and forth. The angle of the lighter and the luminosity of the flame cast heavy shadows on the floor that revealed patterns in the fuzzy gray stuff carpeting the concrete. Where the lint had migrated to the far corners of the room, and lay undisturbed by pedestrian traffic, the glow of the flame highlighted what looked like blueprints. She thought it was odd how one configuration shared the likeness of crop circles that UFO hunters discover in remote corn fields, and even odder that there was a stunted mound of the stuff beneath the fluorescent light fixture. She disregarded it as some kind of strange phenomenon that was beyond her reasoning and returned to her quest. "Mister Cummings?"
No answer.
"I know it's you, Mister Cummings. You can come out now."
The sound that mice make when gnawing on wood came from the corner.
"You shouldn't be down here hiding in the basement, Richard. You know if you scare any of the other tenants, Grogan will have you back at County. You could lose your job." She paused and waited for a response that didn't come. "Why don't you come sit with me and we'll talk about it."
The scratching stopped and was replaced by the sound of footsteps retreating to the cavity beneath the stairs.
"Okay, suit yourself." She flipped the lid closed on the lighter, took a drag off the cigarette and exhaled a cloud of smoke into the air. The overhead light flickered and perked up. Sharon bent down and retrieved her book from the floor and returned to her reading in hopes that her feigned indifference would discourage the visitor from further eccentric follies. The washer completed its spin cycle and she heard the damp clothes settle at the bottom with a clump. The room fell silent. Sharon decided that the dryer would have to wait until she finished her cigarette because there was no telling when there might be cause for another one.
For her, nicotine was such a powerful learning tool, so the words from the book seemed to flow easier and she could absorb their meaning with such clarity. Halfway through her second smoke, the book revealed that thoughts are the purest form of energy. She paused, gave the passage some consideration, and merged it with the original EMF theory to form her own paradigm: if her imagination was spurred into overdrive and energized by the leaky electrical fixtures, it could cause a physical manifestation of her fears.
By the end of the book, her third cigarette had burned down and the glowing ember touched the filter. Sharon took the last bitter drag and blew a gray cloud of smoke into the air. She snubbed the butt out underneath the heel of her sandal, wrapped it in a napkin and deposited it into her purse with the others. Despite the proclamation, No Smoking, that was penned-out on cardboard squares and posted all over the basement, everyone ignored the policy. Grogan threatened to evict anyone he caught breaking the rule under the pretext that the accumulation of lint presented a fire hazard. But everyone knew it was just a brassy display of his insect authority. She tossed the book back down in the empty chair next to her and stood up.
The rickety clothes dolly had seen its better days and looked like something Grogan had fished out of a heap of scrap metal. She retrieved it from the corner and rolled it over to the washer on wobbly wheels that played an insane opus of rattles and intermittent high pitched squeals. After she had piled the damp clothes into the basket, the dolly repeated its symphony of squeaks and rattles to the bank of dryers on the other side of the room where the zany concert ended. Suddenly, she felt silly and took a bow to an unappreciative audience of spiders hanging out on cobwebs and to the shadows lingering at the back of the room.
The wire mesh on the dolly's basket was broken in places, leaving sharp tines that would poke or rip a hole in fabric if they were removed too hastily. She carefully lifted each garment from the pile as not to damage her wardrobe. The laminated handwritten warning, posted on the wall, made it clear that management was not responsible for any lost or damaged clothing.
There seemed to be no end to the Groganisms. The message: ABSOLUTELY NO STATIC SHEETS USED IN DRYERS had been scrawled in shaky handwriting on crumpled sheets of stained paper that looked like they had been fished out of the wastebasket and tacked on the steel skin of each dryer with a sticky mystery substance. She didn't even want to know what that might be. Even though she hated conforming with Grogan's rules, she reluctantly dropped the box of dryer sheets back into the basket and felt satisfied she was taking a baby step that would take her life in a new direction.
Cracks and nicks in the porcelain around the dryer's opening had become a breeding ground for corrosion and she was careful not to touch any of her clothes against it or the heat would set in an irremovable orange stain. As the last article of clothing went on top of the damp pile, the scratching on wood commenced again from the corner. Determined not to be spooked, Sharon addressed the noise with a gritty tone in her voice. "I know it's you, Mister Cummings. You may as well come out."
The scratching stopped and the sound of footsteps retreating deeper into the shadows followed. Whispers flowed from beneath the stairs and streamed to her as un-intelligible muttering, except for the last sentence—"She's going to die."
A new and frightening thought festered in her mind. This was not the peculiar man who lived in the attic hiding in the shadows, it was someone else. Some of the tenants at the Glendale were miscreants that she went out of her way to avoid. Something fell to the floor with a clatter. A chill ran up her spine and her heart raced. She rushed back to the row of chairs for her purse, shoved her hand inside and curled her fingers around the first item she came to. Sharon raised her voice. "I have a knife. And if you come out I'll use it." More sounds came from the corner. She pulled a tampon from her purse and held the bogus weapon up in a threatening manner. "I swear, I'll cut you." She kept her eyes glued to the corner beneath the stairs as she cautiously moved toward the bottom step and readied herself to make a hasty retreat. Her journey brought her to a different angle where she was eye-level with a split in one of the wooden risers. A broken patch of artificial light had wormed its way through the crack and settled on a figure rooted deep within the shadows. Maybe there was some truth in the book that stated that all things in the universe are connected and her feelings of being watched had merit. Sharon stopped and lowered the tampon, then boldly stepped forward, rounded the corner where the strong odor of mothballs wafted from beneath the stairs and overpowered the musty smell of the basement. She seized the person by the forearm and tugged the red-spandexed super hero out of the murky darkness and into the sickly, dim glow of the un-natural light. Rippling muscles that once tested the structural integrity of the seams had long withered away leaving ample room for the material to gather in folds and sag over the geriatric physique. "What are you doing down here, Mister Cummings?" She released his arm. "And why are you dressed in your Captain Neutron costume?"
He brushed the thinning strands of white hair, which had spilled over his wrinkled forehead, back on top of his head, wadded his bony fingers into tight fists and planted them firmly on his hips. With a well-rehearsed, deep melodramatic voice, he exclaimed, "I'm here to protect you."
Sharon shoved the tampon into her hip pocket, folded her arms across her chest and eyed him suspiciously. "Have you been taking your pills?"
He scowled. "I don't need that stuff. It makes my head cloudy."
"That's no excuse. You know you have to keep taking them."
"Never mind the pills." He grabbed her by the shoulders and shook her. "You're in danger and you can't stay down here."
She pulled away and concern worked its way into her brown eyes. "Richard, if you stop taking your medication, they're going to put you away for good this time."
"I swear, I'm not crazy."
She reached around behind him and planted her hand on the small of his back. "Just go back to your room and I'll come by and check on you after I get off work." She gave him a shove.
"Wait!" He stubbornly stomped his foot against the concrete floor and pushed back. The cuff of his cloth boot dislodged from around his stringy calf muscle and collapsed around his ankle like a deflated accordion. "You don't understand. I have to protect you."
She scanned the vacant room and her search ended at his gray eyes dulled by cataracts. "From what?"
"It!"
"Oh, that explains a lot. Now please go back upstairs." She exerted more pressure on his back.
He stiffened his leg and it bent at the knee like a twig on the verge of snapping. "You've got to listen to me," he ground out through gritted teeth.
"Okay." She relaxed and removed her hand from his back. "If I listen will you go back to your room?"
He ignored her question, reached down and scooped up a handful of gray substance from the floor and presented it to her. "I've got to protect you from this."
Sharon tucked her shoulder-length blonde hair behind her ears and stared at the debris cradled in his bony fingers. "That?" She shrugged her shoulders. "It's lint." She shook her head. "I promise, I won't start any fires. Maybe if you'd sweep down here...."
"No! I've been watching." He dropped the wad of lint and pointed to the window with the hole scratched into the paint. "Through there." He dropped his hand and had a wild look in his eyes. "It got them—got them all!"
She rolled her eyes and let out a heavy sigh. "Sweet Jesus, Richard, what am I going to do with you?"
"You said you'd listen."
"Sorry." She nodded. "Okay then, what got who?"
"I don't know what it is, but the last one it got was Birdie Winchell while his clothes were in the middle of the wash cycle." He pointed a yellow, un-manicured fingernail at the light fixture hanging from the ceiling. "Some kind of weird electrical storm started brewing around the tubes and they began to flicker." He brought his hand down and made a single sweeping gesture with it. "Then the lint on the floor scooted across the concrete like iron shavings being drawn to a magnet and formed something that looked like a man. Before Birdie knew what'd grabbed him, it sucked all the energy out of his body until there was nothing left but a small pile of dust." Dynamism returned to his voice. "But I won't let it harm you."
"Look, Mister Cummings, there is no cosmic creature from outer space living in the basement."
"I don't know where it came from, but I do know it's intelligent." He aimed the same finger at the dryers. "Who do you think put those signs up?"
"That's obvious." She looked at the messy handwriting scrawled out on rumpled paper warning the tenants not to put anti-static sheets in the dryers. "More than likely it was Grogan on one of his power trips." She cracked a smile. "Besides, why would a monster post signs on the dryers?" The vision played out inside her head and made her giggle.
Richard lowered his hand and slumped. "What's so funny about that?" He narrowed his eyes, crinkled his brow and pushed his bottom lip out.
"Sorry, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings," she said through a stream of giggles.
"You don't believe me," he shot back with agitation in his voice.
"It sounds a little far-fetched." She pressed her hand over her lips in a fruitless effort to control her laughter.
"You know me. I wouldn't make this up just to scare you."
The giggles stopped but left a smirk on her face.
He turned his head up and challenged her with a defiant stare. The illumination from the overhead lamp flashed a sparkle of light off his varnished corneas.
"The lighting down here is really bad and I'm sure you thought you saw something."
"Then what about the others like Carol Brody in 7B and Walter Davis in 1A or Jolene Sanders in 5C?" He raised his hands in the air and let them fall helplessly to his sides and shrugged. "They all disappeared and nobody knows what happened to them, except me, and I was the one that had to remove their clothes from the washers and clean their belongings out of their rooms. Everything was left like they were planning on coming back. So don't patronize me."
The smirk faded from her lips. "This place is a hotel," she replied. "People pay on weekly basis, so it makes sense that if they don't have the money for rent they would leave in the middle of the night or they would just move on."
"But I'm telling you, I saw what happened to them." The agitation in his voice had intensified.
She raised her hands and patted the air. "Just calm down. I think I know what's going on and it proves my theory that EMFs are causing hallucinations down here. I'm sure the electromagnetic fields are strong enough to penetrate a thin pane of glass and influence what you think you saw."
"You're trying to pacify me because you're like the rest of them and think I'm crazy."
"No, you're not crazy, Richard." Sharon placed a reassuring hand on his shoulder. "The old wiring can interfere with some people's brain waves, but once the problem is fixed—"
He let out a loud, "HAH!" Sarcasm chased the agitation from his voice. "Grogan fix something? That'll be the day."
"I'll go over his head and talk to the owner."
"That won't work." He turned his pointy chin up and addressed his words to the sagging beams running across the ceiling. "I know the owner and he won't do anything about it."
"Okay then, I'll bypass him and contact the state inspectors myself. Once they know how Grogan is letting this place fall apart, maybe they'll get him fired. And when the owner is forced to bring the wiring up to code, I guarantee you won't be seeing any more monsters."
He lowered his head and hope returned to his milky eyes. "Do you really think it was all hallucinations?"
She placed a hand on his bony shoulder. "I'm sure of it. That's why it's very important that you don't tell anyone else about this because they wouldn't understand the way I do."
"Maybe you're right." He reached up and gently patted her hand. "Sharon, you're the only one in this town that treats me with any respect. There's nothing that I wouldn't do for you."
"I'm glad to hear you say that." She let her hand slide from the slippery material. "Promise me that you'll take your meds and retire that outfit back to the trunk where it belongs before you get into trouble."
He brought his hand up to his breastbone and ran the tips of his fingers over the atom symbol embroidered into the spandex. He nodded, and with a touch of reluctance in his voice, he said, "Okay." Then he gave her a solemn look and sealed their agreement with a sigh.
She gave him a shove, and this time, he didn't resist. "I'll come by and check on you after I get off work. We'll have some cake and you can finish the story about how Captain Neutron defeated the Green Gargoyle."
He nodded and the steps gave birth to creaks and groans beneath his feet as he labored up the risers. The chorus of broken notes stomped out on the planks stopped when he reached the top and she heard the click of the latch and the screech of cranky hinges as he opened the door. A sheet of light from the hallway spilled down the stairs and as his narrow frame moved through the opening, his shadow split the light like the sharp edge of a stiletto. The door closed; Sharon was left alone, but the feeling of another presence remained and the sensation of watchful eyes on her back persisted. It spurred her into completing her task. She returned to the dryer, fed it money and turned it on feeling relieved that she was almost done and hoped that by the time she'd finished, she would walk up the stairs feeling free from fear of the basement.
Her adrenaline rush began to fade and a slow wave of fatigue started in her toes as a tingling sensation and worked its way up through her body. Her brain released a powerful dose of melatonin and her eyelids grew heavy and wanted to close. She hadn't slept well in a week. Every morning around three, she woke up from a bad dream of tangled and undecipherable images and spent the rest of the night tossing and turning. It was beginning to have an effect on her.
Yesterday at work had almost proved to be catastrophic. She'd shown up feeling on edge and had trouble settling into the daily routines of the job and by noon, her sixth cup of coffee jangled her nerves. She'd promised herself to go straight home, have an early dinner, take something to relax and climb in between the sheets with her book until she fell asleep. By the end of the workday, she was beyond any definition of the word tired and her usual cordial personality had slipped into a septic state that produced a cataclysmic landslide of sarcastic remarks that she'd heaped upon her co-workers, including the cute guy, Kelly Thomas, in the cubicle next to her. She'd come out of the foggy state of mind that had claimed her rationality and found herself staring straight into his blue eyes rounded with shock. Her strategies of catching his eye had failed dismally over the past few weeks. She'd tried meeting his eyes with a soft smile or asked to borrow a pen while letting her fingers linger in his palm a little longer than necessary. But her efforts were all wiped out in one fell-swoop of her sharp-edged tongue and she feared she'd never know if Kurt Thomas's interest had been piqued. She'd mentally chided herself, 'Idiot,' then stammered out an apology. Defeated, she'd slumped back in her chair and let out a sigh.
His shock had quickly turned into a compassionate smile. "It's okay, I have those days too."
She'd felt relieved that she hadn't jeopardized her chance for a first kiss with him. Pressing her mouth against a new pair of lips was sometimes more exhilarating than a cigarette after she hadn't had one in awhile. She'd sat up straight, put on a cute smile and shook her head. "Not enough sleep."
"Oh yeah, your boyfriend keeping you awake at night?"
She'd bitten her bottom lip, turned the corner of her lips into a broader smile and cut her eyes away. Maybe her bad mood had been the break in the ice that she'd needed. It certainly seemed to be the catalyst that turned up the heat for flirting with him and proved fate was not her enemy. She'd veered her eyes back to him. "I don't have a boyfriend."
He'd returned a smile of approval and leaned forward in his chair. His long blonde hair tumbled over his shoulders and spilled across his chest. "Oh really?"
Instead of an appropriate response that might have triggered the unexpected incident into a full-fledged affair, her tired brain had lapsed into a social coma. She'd sat in her chair staring blankly while frantically clawing through her mind for the right words. Before the lapse in the conversation could become detrimental to the fledgling courtship, she'd blurted out, "Want to come over to my apartment after work tomorrow?"
He'd looked satisfied. "Sure."
An image of Captain Neutron barged into the daydream. "What about me?" It yanked her from the memory and slammed her back into the present moment. She was left with a sense of urgency. "Oh my God, that's today." She called out, "Richard?" The only response was the sound of plastic buttons and metal zippers slapping against the metallic drum turning inside the dryer. She noisily clomped up the stairs, opened the door and poked her head out into the empty hallway. "Mister Cummings?" She strained to hear a response over the tinnitus in her ears. No answer. "I can't make it this afternoon. I have plans." The ringing persisted. "Did you hear me?" The light fixture in the hallway flickered. She slammed the door, fled back down the stairs and collided into someone standing in the shadows at the foot of the steps. She took a step back from the vaporous cloud of cheap aftershave and the smell of stale beer breath hanging in the air. It took her a few seconds to focus her eyes. She looked puzzled by his presence. "How'd you get down here?"
The man jingled the loose coins in the side pocket of his garish nightly attire before he reached up and plucked the key hanging around his neck from a string. He held it up. "There's a back entrance that only I have access to." He raised one eyebrow and pointed to the back of the room.
She didn't trust Grogan enough to take her eyes off him, so she squelched the urge to turn her head and gave him a weak nod instead. "Okay. So why are you down here?"
He let the key drop from between his fingers and it clattered against the half-dozen gold chains adorning his neck and settled into the thick, curly chest hairs sprouting from his black silk robe that was left slightly ajar. His eyes roamed over the thin material of the white cotton T-shirt beneath her sweater.
She suddenly had regrets for wearing the shirt she'd lopped off with a pair of scissors just below her breasts that exposed the faint outline of her bare nipples along with her exposed midriff and the silver belly-button ring that Grogan now had his eyes fixed on. She pulled her sweater closed.
He pointed to the ceiling. "My apartment is right above the basement."
Sharon peered up at the ceiling for the hole in Grogan's floor she was sure he'd drilled so that he could practice voyeurism on the unsuspecting female tenants.
"I thought I heard you yelling something about having a knife, so I thought I'd better come down and check on you and make sure everything was alright."
"Everything is okay, Mister Grogan. You must have misunderstood what I said. I was talking to Richard Cummings." She continued to search for the hole.
"What are you looking at?" He growled out.
She tilted her back down. "Lint."
"Yeah, that old codger doesn't do a very good job of keeping this place clean." He shook his head. "I would've fired him long ago, but he's some relation to the owner of this dump." He raised his eyebrows. "You'd better be careful, that old man is a loony." He reached up and ran his knuckles down the length of her arm and brushed the back of his fingers against the bare skin of her hand. "You're a pretty girl and I wouldn't want to see anything to happen to you."
She pulled away. "Richard wouldn't hurt me."
He gave her a cocky grin. "I wouldn't be so sure about that. The way I've heard it, was that his pretty young co-star died on the set of that lame television series right after she broke off their relationship. Even after all of these years there's still question if it was an accident or not." He paused and fixed his eyes on her face. "Come to think of it, you look a lot like her." The fluorescent light went into one of its spasms and Grogan turned his face up toward the ceiling.
Sharon felt grateful for the distraction that shifted Grogan's eyes off her body and the opportunity to change the subject, but regretted having to play her ace in the hole and hand the problem back over to him instead of reporting his negligence of the property to the state. "It's been doing that a lot lately. I think it's bad wiring. Maybe you should have it checked out before this place burns to the ground."
The flickering stopped and he shifted his eyes back on her. "That's nonsense," he shot back. "The wiring is as solid as the day it was installed."
She huffed "Man, that was back in nineteen-ten."
"Yeah, so what? Stuff back then was made to last."
"Maybe so, but I think it's creating a strong EMF down here."
Grogan reached up and scratched at his thick crop of greasy black hair. He chuckled out, "What the hell is an EMF?"
"Electromagnetic field and it causes things like hallucinations."
Grogan stopped scratching, lowered his hand to his double chin and stroked it. He eyed her suspiciously. "You've been seeing things down here?"
"No, not me."
He stopped stroking the fat hanging beneath his chin and folded his arms across his chest. "Cummings?"
She remained silent.
"I thought so. I told you that old man is off his rocker." He grinned. "I'll have him put away for good this time."
Before she could argue, the light performed its strobe act again, and this time, with tiny blue arcs of electricity shooting from the receptacles at the end of the tubes.
Grogan looked perturbed, walked over to the corner where the broom lay on the concrete. He picked it up and returned to the misbehaving light and gave the housing a few solid raps with the handle that only seemed to encourage its mischievous behavior. He gave it one final whack, hard enough for the tubes to explode. A packet of energy dispersed into the room in a blinding flash of light, and a shower of sparks rained down to the floor where they danced on the concrete for the short span of their life and winked out. Only the single ray of yellow light, coming through the peep-hole in the window, kept the room from turning completely dark.
She stood in the gloom. "Now you've done it, Mister Fix It." A moment later, she sparked her cigarette lighter and the shadows, projected against the wall, performed a jittery dance that was choreographed by the wavering flame.
He aimed a finger at the fire. "I thought I smelled smoke down here. You're as good as gone."
Anger radiated from her eyes. "You can stay down here if you want, but I'm out of here." She used the lighter like a candle, turned and took a step toward the stairs.
A figure entered the basement through the back entrance Grogan had left open and hunkered down in the darkness. The trespasser's erratic strides across the room were disguised by the shadows as a silhouette on spidery legs performing a macabre ballet.
She planted a foot on the bottom step as Grogan reached out to seize her by the arm.
A split second later, the prowler popped out of the darkness wielding a butcher knife. In the same moment, Grogan fell to the floor and curled up in a fetal position. "Please! No!"
Before she could take her foot off the step and turn, the interloper wrapped an arm around her waist and pulled. The tug unbalanced her and she fell backwards against a bony chest. She looked down at the spindly arm clad in red spandex, yanked free and spun around. She held the flame close to a wrinkled face. "What do you think you're doing?"
"I told you, I'm here to protect you." He raised the blade over his head.
"Put the knife down," she commanded. "Grogan may be a creep, but he's harmless."
The costumed super hero shook his head. "Not Grogan." He pointed down. "It," he cried out.
Sharon looked down at the clumps of lint and stray socks rolling across the floor like wooly tumbleweeds and collecting in a pile near the broken shards of glass. The lint began to take on a humanoid form as it built itself from the floor up. The hairs on all of their heads rose and stood on end like a bad hair day commercial. "My God! It's true!" She turned to Grogan. "Come on get up," she said with urgency in her voice, "we've got to get out of here. NOW!" she yelled.
Grogan struggled up from the floor and onto shaky legs.
The fibrous creature's enormous cranium formed in the middle of its broad chest, not at the top of a neck where it should have been. A wide horizontal gap split the fuzz, giving it a jagged smile, and it let out a hiss of electric steam. The fissure quickly grew into a deep ravine of swirling blue light. Unable to turn her eyes away, Sharon stared into the vortex and her stomach suddenly began to churn. Dizziness overtook her senses and she felt her consciousness slipping away as it was replaced with a feeling of peace none like she had ever experienced before. She caught herself before the trance could take her to the point of no return, whipped her head to the side and yelled "Don't look at the light."
Captain Neutron shielded his eyes with the back of his hand.
Grogan remained frozen like a statue, eyes fixed on the thing that now looked like the abominable dust man with thousands of small blue lights streaking helter-skelter beneath the veneer of lint and cloth footwear. Static electricity sizzled in the air and the light emanating from the monster filled the room with erratic pulses of light.
Sharon remembered from biology 101 that human cells produced energy which the creature could use as a food source. It took a step toward Grogan.
In an effort to break the hypnotic spell that had impaired Grogan's cognizance and motor skills, she reached down, pulled a sandal off her foot and launched it at him. The heel struck him square on the chin. He didn't flinch. In one final attempt to break the spell, she yelled at the top of her lungs, "GROGAN!" He remained granite-like as the entity shuffled toward him.
"Get out of here, Sharon." Captain Neutron shoved her toward the back entrance.
"NO!" She broke the inertia of his push with the bottom of her bare foot and came to a stop.
"It's the only safe way out." He raised the knife in the air. "I'll save Grogan."
"You can't kill it with that."
The thing seized Grogan by his shoulders and moved its over-sized head close to his face.
Grogan opened his mouth and instead of a scream, he croaked like a bullfrog and his eyes bulged from their sockets. He went limp and a stream of blue energy flowed from his mouth into the flickering vortex inside the monster's head. Grogan's sightless eyes shriveled in their sockets until they looked like withered grapes on the vine.
"I've got to do something," Captain Neutron yelled. "It's killing him." He cocked his arm and launched the knife. It somersaulted, end over end, through the air. The handle struck the creature and bounced harmlessly to the ground.
"The lint," she said.
"What?"
"The lint and the socks. They form a solid crust." Sharon looked frantically around the room and her eyes came to rest on the dryer where her clothes were gently tumbling inside the rolling drum. She pointed to it. "We've got to get that thing in there." She blew out the flame on the wick, pocketed her lighter and raced across the room in the pulsating light. She opened the front loader. "Push it in here."
He shrugged. "What good is that going to do?"
The thing continued to drain Grogan of his life force. He began to look like a five-thousand-year-old mummy.
"No time to explain, just do it."
"Okay." He took a three point stance like an offensive lineman and charged. With the momentum of speed behind all one-hundred-ten pounds of his weight, Captain Neutron placed his shoulder into the thing's mid-section. When he hit the monster, he was startled because what was left of Grogan crumbled to the floor like ash and a charge of energy instantly transferred from the creature into him. An aura of energy surrounding his supercharged muscles made them ripple and the glow radiating from the thing winked out. Uprooting the massive hulk and shoving it across the room was as effortless as floating a dandelion fluff on a breeze. When they hit the dryer, it crumpled through the open door like a feather pillow.
Sharon slammed the door closed behind it.
The balls of energy zipping around beneath the creature's fabric membrane returned. It regained its strength and bucked around inside the dryer like a wild bronco. Richard pressed his back against the glass and strained as his newfound super strength foundered. "Whatever you're going to do, you'd better hurry." The veins on his skinny neck stuck out and his frail limbs trembled from the force. "I don't know how long I can hold it."
She snatched the box from the clothes dolly. "Open it."
He rapidly shook his head back and forth. "Uh uh."
"Just wide enough to put these inside." She held up the box and removed a white roll of Spring Breeze.
"Are you crazy? It'll get out."
"It's our only chance."
"Make it quick." He took a small step forward letting the door open a few inches.
She shoved the roll of static cling sheets inside. "Close it!"
Atrophied muscles went to work beneath his thin skin and vibrated like plucked strings on a harp as the thing pushed back against the door while howls of electronic shrieks escaped through the narrow opening like loud feedback from a speaker. He managed to walk the door backwards until it sealed with a click. "Turn it on! Turn it on!"
She stabbed the button with the tip of her index finger, but nothing happened.
"What's wrong?"
"It's timed out."
The creature let out a howl.
"Wait here."
His glazed eyes bulged from their sockets. "Where are you going?"
She raced across the room and clumsily dug through her purse while the door convulsed against his back. With defeat in her eyes, she held up a few coins and an overwhelming sense of fear filled her voice as she yelled back across the room, "I didn't bring enough quarters."
"We're screwed," he moaned. The entire machine began to shake and his quivering legs began to buckle. "We're going to have to make a run for the stairs, it's our only hope."
She whipped her head toward what was left of Grogan. "Wait a minute." Propelled by adrenalin, she raced to the pile of cinders, brushed aside the tangle of gold chains and sifted her fingers through the ashes. "YES!" She held up a handful of quarters."
"Thank God! Now turn this mother on and disintegrate this friggin' thing."
She sailed back across the room to the dryer, and with shaky hands, she managed to drop all the coins through the narrow slot. She punched the start button and the drum began to rotate. "There!" She pressed both of her hands against the metal ring surrounding the glass to help hold the door closed and peered in at the thing rolling around inside. "Die dammit!"
It let out a screech and continued to slam around inside the dryer.
Captain Neutron's face grew beet red. "What's happening?"
She pulled her head away from the glass. "Nothing."
"It's not going to work." The tremors in his muscles turned into quakes. "Get yourself out of here while I still have enough strength to hold it."
"I'm not leaving you."
The dryer door trembled against his back. "Don't argue with me. Get the hell out of here. NOW!"
When blue flashes of light began to pop inside the dryer, it reminded her of the time she'd forgotten that gold-rimmed plates contained metal and had placed one in a microwave oven. "Wait a minute." She pressed her face back against the glass. A single bolt of lightning ripped through the cavity and made a loud boom like when a transformer blows. She flinched and jerked away from the door a moment before it separated from its hinges and sent Captain Neutron, clothes and an enormous wad of gray fluff, tangled with stray socks, on a quick journey to the other side of the room. The blast was followed by a brilliant flash of effervescent plasma and an unearthly wail of psycho-phonic-funk that reverberated off the walls and quickly faded out. Sharon hurried over to Captain Neutron and pulled the door off his limp body. She picked him up by the shoulders and shook him. "Richard? Oh God, please be okay."
He barely opened an eye and stared out through the narrow slit. "Did you see me? I really had super powers."
"Yes, you were amazing, Captain Neutron!"
He asked with a weak voice, "Did we kill it?"
"Yeah, it's toast."
He swiveled his head and stared at the pile of ashes. "I'm sorry I couldn't save Grogan."
"Don't ride that guilt trip. I have a feeling that if it was up to him to save us, we'd have been monster bait while he high-tailed it out of here." She pushed the wispy strands of hair away from his face. "How about you? Are you okay?"
He sat up and brushed the lint from his shoulders. "I think so." A clump of electrical innards, hanging out of the dryer, fizzled like a Fourth of July sparkler and died out, sending an acrid tendril of smoke drifting through the air that smelled like a mixture of burnt plastic and ozone. "You know, this is how Patricia died."
She looked confused and shook her head.
"My co-star, Patricia Perkins, on Captain Neutron." His glazed eyes turned watery. "It was a stunt that involved arcs of electricity from a mockup of an oversized Tesla Coil. Back in those days, there wasn't money in the budget to build a prop with pyrotechnics, so the prop master used live electricity. The scene called for me to run across the set and free her from wrist restraints the moment the lever was thrown, but it went bad." The tear at the corner of his eye found a deep wrinkle in his cheek and channeled its way down to the edge of his chin. "My timing was off."
"I'm really sorry that happened, Richard, but you can't blame yourself. It wasn't your fault."
"It was my fault. We ran through a hundred practices before performing that stunt." His face clouded with despair. "Every time I close my eyes, I can still see the way she was looking at me when the prop man threw the switch."
"Tonight, you made up for it."
Mystified by her statement, his white brows drew together and his gray eyes became deep pools of curiosity.
"You saved me," she explained.
His entire body relaxed as he let out a sigh and light returned to his eyes. A faint smile graced his thin lips; he nodded and placed a liver-spotted hand on top of hers. "Teamwork. We saved each other."
She looked at the mess in the basement. "Should we report this?"
"Who'd believe it?"
"I guess you're right." The first sign of early-morning sun angled through the aperture in the paint on the glass. The beam struck the floor and made a puddle of light beneath the fluorescent's empty housing and sparkled off the shards of glass. She checked the time by her wristwatch. "I have to work today."
He looked surprised. "You're going to work after all of this?"
She nodded. "Yeah, there's something that I really need to take care of, but I'll see you when I get home."
Sharon arrived at work three hours late after a nap and a shower and found Kurt anxiously waiting.
"You're late," he said.
"I know."
When she sat down, he cheerfully asked, "Ready for tonight?"
She shook her head and answered, "Tonight is off."
"What do you mean?"
"Just what I said."
The jubilance of his smile faded into oblivion. "I don't understand; you've been playing footsy under the table with me for weeks." A hint of cockiness girded up inside his steel blue eyes and was accompanied by an equivalent smile. "I know you want me."
She shrugged. "What can I say? Yesterday you were the right kind of guy for me, but today you're not."
He frowned and a touch of petulance entered his voice. "They've got a name for girls like you?"
"Look, don't take it so personal."
He glared.
"Life is too short to waste on a meaningless relationship."
He dropped his gaze to his cold cup of coffee. "So you wake up this morning feeling all philosophical and just like that, everything has changed?"
"Yep."
She stood up.
His eyes followed her. "Where're you going?"
"I quit."
"What are you going to do?"
She shrugged. "I'm not sure yet, but whatever it is, it's going to be the right thing for me." She turned and walked away.
After she collected her last paycheck, she followed the familiar cracks in the sidewalk that ran along Grand Boulevard back to the front steps of the Glendale Hotel and stifled the urge to have one last smoke before tossing the remainder of the pack into the trash. She entered the foyer and creaked across the ancient wooden floor that fed into the long, narrow hallway lined with doors. The familiar blare of TV's and radios bleeding through the cracks of the doorjambs were an indigenous blend that filled the hall with a senseless natter she was accustomed to hearing well into the night. The noise always seemed to roll uphill like a snowball defying physics, and as the day wore on, it gained enough momentum to reach the fifth floor and penetrate the floorboards of her room with full force. She drowned out the din by turning up the volume of her own radio.
The hallway ended at a narrow, wooden staircase that wound its way up through the floors at a steep incline. She began to climb. Normally, the task was effortless, but the past sleepless nights, combined with last night's episode, had expended her reserved energy and made every fiber in the muscles of her legs burn by the time she planted her foot on the fifth floor landing. She wanted to give up, but stopping wasn't an option.
The last flight of stairs came to an abrupt end at an ancient wooden door shielded by a coat of cracked varnish that had blackened over the years. She wadded her hand into a tight fist and rapped it against the solid oak that rattled in its crooked frame. She stopped and pressed her mouth close to the door and called out, "Richard, it's me, Sharon." She waited an anxious moment for a response that didn't come. She slowly reached down, grabbed the metal knob with a sweaty palm and gave it a twist. The stored energy, generated by the cockeyed hinges, popped the door ajar a few inches and a gush of warm, stale air escaped through the narrow opening. She placed an eye to the gap and peered into the darkness that seemed determined to hold on to its secret and heard an odd creaking noise that had a methodic rhythm like the swinging pendulum on a clock. "Richard, is that you?" She reached through the opening with one hand and groped the wall for a switch she hoped to find that would light the room and put an end to the mystery. When her search proved futile, she summoned enough nerve to fling the door wide open. The light filtering into the space from the poorly lit stairwell quickly lost its momentum and stalled a few feet inside the room. She took a step over the threshold. "I came to say goodbye." The creaking continued. She began to feel uneasy and searched the bottom of her purse with inept fingers for another source of light as she continued to move cautiously forward. "If you're trying to scare me, it's not working." She located the stainless steel lighter in a loose pile of cosmetics and anxiously clutched it in her hand. Something in the dark brushed against her. A scream leapt up from the pit of her stomach and lodged in her throat; she pulled the lighter from her bag and gave the wheel a spin with her thumb. She wasn't ready for the sight that filled her eyes and they rounded out impossibly large. The terror, powered by the air in her lungs, gave birth to a shriek that echoed throughout the room.
Captain Neutron hung by his neck at the end of a hangman's noose from one of the high ceiling joists with his back to her. The combined racket from the televisions and radios drifting up from the lower floors had crawled up into the exposed beams in the attic and set up a vibration in the wood like a tuning fork and caused him to gently swing back and forth. The heel of his boot brushed against her thigh and sent him into a pivotal orbit. He came to rest facing her. She clutched her fist to her mouth. "Damn you, Richard," and she laughed nervously. The laugh became short lived and turned into a fit of giggles with tears streaming down her cheeks. Her emotions quickly spent themselves and she shook her head, grabbed the boot to put an end to the swinging.
The costume had been overstuffed with what looked like lint from the basement. Small clumps of it clung to the stretchy material and the fluff that had sieved its way through threadbare places pooled around the dummy in a fuzzy gray ring on the floor. The makeshift head, constructed from a stained pillowcase, had a happy face drawn on it in black marker. The loop in the rope crooked the limp neck and the dummy's face smiled down on her. She noticed a sheet of paper pinned to the atom emblem on its chest and she tore it from the costume.
Dear Sharon,
My brain is old and my mind is tired, so I'm having trouble finding the right words to say to you. I wanted to write something poetic like they do in the movies, something that you would remember forever, but all that seems to come to mind, is the simple truth. Until this morning, I didn't realize that I was being held a prisoner by my past. For all these years, I blamed Captain Neutron for what happened to Patricia. So, I decided to kill him. And now that he is dead, I can move along with my life. I know there isn't much time left on the clock for me, so I'm going to fill it with the finest moments that life has to offer. You know, do that bucket list thing. I thank you for helping me let go of everything that's held me back. You saved me. I hope that this wild nightmare changed you in some positive way that will help you go forward in your life. I have a feeling that it did.
I cleaned up the basement, and while I was sweeping up Grogan's ashes, I dug the gold necklaces out of the cinders. I put them on the table for you. I'm sure that he would have wanted you to have them. Even if he didn't, take them anyway. I don't think he needs them to impress the women where he's at. And don't worry; nobody is going to come around asking about him. I packed his bag and left a note saying that he quit. I took his suitcase with me and, somewhere in my travels; I'll find a donation center in some quiet little town. I don't think anyone will come around questioning his motives for his hasty decision. As you well know, people at the Glendale Hotel come and go.
The only advice that I can leave with you is, don't waste one precious moment of time on the things and people that don't matter, but I think that you already know that one too. I wish there was more that I could say, but there is really only one word left, and that is goodbye.
Your friend,
Richard
She left the attic with the gold chains in her hand and returned to her room feeling empty inside. She sat down on her unmade bed and glanced at the book and it reminded her that certain people and situations had come into her life to show her something about herself, and when she understood that reason, the lesson was over and she didn't need to repeat it. She couldn't help but feel a little bit sad that Richard was gone and she would never see him again. That left a hole, but the universe hates a void and would fill it with something new and something better.
She folded all of her new print blouses into one neat stack and placed the book on top. She carried everything down to the second floor and heaped them at the girl's door in 2B, and when Sharon Massey left the Glendale Hotel, the sun was shining on her back. She felt free.
Cracked

Coaly Banks stared down from the second floor window of her apartment building at the busy sidewalk below. God, there were more of them, more this year than last year. Every year there were new ones. But what did she expect? The neighborhood was quickly approaching its centennial mark giving them plenty of time to multiply. Because of them, she hadn't left the building in six months. Next year, there would be more and avoiding touching one would become impossible. The thought made her shiver. She honestly didn't know what to do. The city refused to do anything about them despite her numerous calls of complaint. 
That was it; she resigned herself to the fact that she would live the rest of her life as a recluse. She looked down again and hated them, hated them all. She had thought about counseling. But what would be the use of that? She would have to go out to keep an appointment. 
She glared at them until her hate turned into loathing. She surrendered, threw her hands in the air and yelled down, "Go ahead, multiply like roaches. I don't care."
Only a few curious faces stopped to look up at the woman hanging out of the second story window with her dark frizzy hair blowing in the stiff summer breeze.
She had to do it and prove to them that they couldn't hold her a prisoner for the rest of her life. She took another look down and began to chant, "Coaly is a scaredy-cat, Coaly is a scaredy-cat." She slapped her hands over her ears. "STOP IT! STOP IT!" The agony on her face turned sour and she pointed at them. "You think I'm afraid of you? Well. I'm not. I'm coming down and you can't stop me." She slammed the window shut, grabbed her purse and stepped out of her apartment with her heart drumming inside her chest. She took careful strides down each step of the stairs. Heaven forbid taking the elevator; those things were nothing but a deathtrap. She strolled through the lobby with her head held high, confident that she could do it this time.
The front entrance of the building, leading out onto the busy sidewalk, drew closer as she took quick, punctuated steps across the cranky floorboards. Suddenly, she felt as though she were wading through a thick sludge of uncertainty. Her steps slowed. Why in the hell did this have to be so hard? She stopped, placed a hand on the brass door-knob and drew in a deep breath.
What if it was true? She didn't care if they harmed her, but she had to protect the person that she loved the most. Even if it were remotely possible, it was necessary that she take that chance, to prove that they were wrong. She steadied her nerves. It was only a myth, she reassured herself; a rumor without legitimacy. She gave the knob a sharp twist, yanked the door open and stared at them. "See, I'm not afraid of you," she sang out. Then she lifted a foot and let it hover above the sidewalk.
A surge of doubt pushed its way back into her thoughts and washed away her newfound confidence. It had to be true; she had heard it since she was a child. Why would anyone make up something like that? A limerick danced around inside her head, Step on a crack and break your mother's back. It repeated itself over and over again until she abandoned her hold on the open door and raced back upstairs to her apartment, slamming the door closed behind her. She locked it and a crooked smile rose to her lips as she thought, Tomorrow, tomorrow I will walk down the sidewalk and step on all of the cracks.
Road Games

Nathan rode the top of the eighteen-wheeler like a surfer rides a wave. It was going at least eighty and the wind threatened to rip him off the cab. He aimed the shotgun. He knew he had one armor piercing shell in the chamber, but he didn't know if there were any in the magazine. So, if he wanted to get out of this alive, he'd better make the shot count.
The moment he pulled the trigger, the truck encountered a bump; for a brief moment, he suffered the pain of disappointment of a spoiled shot. But in the darkness, Nathan saw sparks and heard the clink of metal impacting metal. Fire spread rapidly across the hood of the pursuing car and it became a rolling ball of fire. It suddenly veered off the road and came to a halt. The glow of the flames highlighted the Wilkerson brothers as they bailed out and high tailed it away from the inferno. A second later, BOOM!
Goddamn! It was just like in one of those high budget Hollywood movies! A big ball of orange fire rose up as pieces of shattered metal scattered through the air. A small shard whizzed by and nicked the lobe of his ear in its passing. He felt the sting. Warm blood trickled down his neck. He was about to jump through the roof hatch to the safety of the inside of the cab until he saw the obstacle in the middle of the road. He braced himself for the impact.
This day had been a living nightmare right from the start.
Nathan had been driving Texas Highway 4 all day. Somewhere, he'd taken a wrong turn and ended up on a long stretch of deserted road. About the time the sun got sucked below the horizon, the needle on the gas gauge hit bottom. The engine sputtered, chugged, and died. He coasted the 1963 Ford Falcon to the side of the road and let the radio play. He usually boycotted music in the hopes of erasing the crap fest of the eighties. For him, they'd sucked. He had high hopes for the fledgling nineties, but so far, they sucked too. His job sucked. His boring life sucked. Life, in general sucked. Now he was going to be late for the interview he'd set up for tomorrow morning in Uncertain, Texas. Well there goes the chance for a new start. When the song ended, Nathan shut the key off, grabbed the flashlight from beneath the seat, got out, and in the gray light, he began walking. The isolated road didn't promise much hope of finding a gas station or anything else. As he trudged forward, darkness closed in around him. The serenade of insects gave him zero comfort as he covered the miles. He followed the strip of tar as it wound around a clump of pine trees. His emotional barometer, that was hovering somewhere near sea level, took a nosedive.
Nathan's face reddened. "I don't believe this shit." Damn the luck, the inside of his head concurred. It was too much. He screamed out and banged his fist against the metal barricade stretching across the road. From its mooring of baling wire, the ROAD CLOSED sign shuddered and clanged against the gate.
The noise aroused the curiosity of an owl perched high overhead. It called down with three soulful hoots, took wing, and flapped away. His granny had always said that seeing an owl was a bad omen. It was a good thing he didn't believe in that superstitious crap. He panned his flashlight along the gate and saw multiple NO TRESPASSING signs affixed sporadically all along the span. From the corner of his eye, he noticed a vine-infested signpost. Maybe it was for a town. He walked over to it and pulled at the vines, hoping it wasn't something like poison oak or poison ivy. The word Uncertain was printed on the rectangle green sign. Hey, maybe he hadn't taken a wrong turn after all. Or, maybe all roads lead to Uncertain. Either way, the word uncertain summed it up. The number 100 was printed next to it. He could walk it or hitch a ride, if that's what it took. He knew there was nothing for a hundred miles back. Ignoring the NO TRESPASSING signs, Nathan squeezed through a gap in the vertical bars.
After a few miles, a full moon was on the rise in front of him. A few wisps of clouds curdled in its light like soured milk. He heard the owl cry out again, but this time it was making a beeline straight for him. Nathan ducked. It screeched as it passed overhead and the downdraft from its wings ruffled his hair. He rose up and twisted around to watch it flying away. The creature let out several more cries before it faded into the night. When he turned back around, a pair of headlights headed toward him at a high rate of speed.
Behind the glare, he heard the growl of an engine. His first thought was that someone had reported the abandoned Falcon and it might be the cops. It was certainly possible that someone had sent in the Calvary. The car slowed and the brake pads squealed as the vehicle came to a stop and idled roughly. The exhaust wafted over him, stinging his eyes and nose. The way it sat there, headlights glaring at him, and growling gave him the willies. Over the years, Nathan had read about serial killers that traveled the highways picking up young, female hitchhikers. They were raped and strangled before being buried in remote locations.
Although he'd been accused of being a candyass a time or two, Nathan wasn't some frail girl. If it came down to a fight, he figured he could hold his own. A door release clicked and he balled his hands into fists. He thought of running, but by the time the signal got down to his feet, the driver's door of the car popped open and a tall thin figure waded into the wash of light.
To Nathan, the person appeared no more than a stick figure silhouette, and even though he couldn't see the stranger's eyes, he could feel his hostile stare. The hair on the nape of his neck rose and the muscles in his legs wound tight.
"Lookie, lookie, who's this cookie?" The juvenile vernacular didn't make Nathan feel any safer.
The headlights winked out and left an after-image of the glare dancing in front of his eyes.
The passenger door opened with a squall. "Whatcha doin' on this road, boy?" The voice sounded like it came from a kid.
Answers escaped Nathan, so he remained mute. The second figure rounded the front bumper and stood next to his partner. This person was short and stocky.
Nathan's vision began to clear. He still held the Maglite, so he raised it and put them in the spotlight.
The tall skinny one had a prominent Adam's apple that bobbed up and down, a fuzzy goatee sprouting from his pointy chin, and a set of beady eyes that looked like a pair of black marbles. The other one was extremely short, not just a smidge over five feet short, but dwarf short, and he was thick in the shoulders, had a shaved head, and was sneering at Nathan with a set of broad, flat teeth. Definitely not a kid. In the background, the car was an old, rusted out junker covered in graffiti.
"Get that outta my eyes," the short one demanded.
"Sorry." Nathan put the disc of light at the guys' feet.
"He asked what are ya doin' out here?" The thin man stepped forward. "This here road belongs to me and Ford. You saw the no trespassin' signs, did'n' you?"
"I'm not looking for any trouble." Nathan held up his hands. "I'll just leave."
"Too late; you already found trouble." The guy pulled a knife. It clicked and a silver blade shot from the end and caught the light of the moon.
Nathan's toes tingled and he spun around to escape.
Ford shouted, "Get 'im, Charles Ray!"
Nathan ran. Instead of taking the road, he veered for the trees with the sound of hurried footsteps at his back. When he reached the edge of the woods, he encountered a barbed wire fence. With his heart beating wildly in his chest, he scrambled over it and dropped the flashlight. No time to get it now. He went crashing blindly through underbrush that seemed determined to slow him down.
He fought through the brush until he ran short of breath and collapsed to the ground. Nathan coiled himself into a ball and lay there whimpering like a frightened puppy. He vowed not to move until he saw the morning sun. He closed his eyes. If Charles Ray was going to plunge a sharp blade into his chest, he didn't want to see it coming.
Time passed and his breathing slowed. He lay there listening for sign of pursuit. When he finally dared open his eyes, the moon was in his eyes and a swarm of mosquitoes dined on his blood. He swatted a few. The rest scattered, but stayed close until they could return. Tenacious little bastards. Maybe those two crazy dudes had given up and left. He sat up. The dry foliage around him rustled. Close by, something cracked. It sounded like a stick breaking underfoot.
His heart skipped a beat and he hunkered back down, rattling the dead undergrowth around him. He quieted his breathing for another listen, but, just when he thought he heard another noise, one of the little blood suckers decided to fly into his ear. All he could hear was the high-pitch of tiny wings strumming the air. With his open palm, he swatted it. Yeah, that really helped. Now his eardrum was ringing. Something eclipsed the light of the moon and threw a heavy shadow across him. Slowly, Nathan tilted his head up.
A thin face, clouded with heavy shadow, stared down. It was Charles Ray. A streak of fear shot through Nathan. "Lookie, lookie, here's our cookie." Then he hollered out, "Hey Ford, come lookie at what I found."
"I'm takin' a leak. What is it?"
"Jus' get over here."
The other man was close. Nathan heard the zipper cinch as Ford grumbled out a few curse words and capped his tirade with a loud fart. Dead leaves crunched, twigs snapped as he approached.
Unable to move, Nathan lay on the ground like a small, helpless animal. His groin area tingled. He was about to piss his pants. "Please don't hurt me."
The men mocked him sounding like two little, mean girls, "Please don't hurt me!" and broke out into laughter.
"That's it. I've had enough of this lil pansy." Charles Ray pulled his knife.
Ford pushed the knife away. "Put that up, dummy. We can use him."
Charles Ray looked disappointed. "What the hell are ya sayin'? He's worthless."
"Nah. man, think about it. We could use him as bait." The darkness didn't hide the ruthless glint in Ford's eyes.
Charles was silent almost a full minute before spouting, "Hey, you could be onto somethin' there, brother." He retracted the blade and tucked the knife back inside his hip pocket.
"Help me tote him out to the road," said Ford.
Nathan was too petrified with fear to even fight back. He'd never been in this type of situation before.
Taking hold under each arm, they scooped Nathan up. In order to keep him balanced between them, Charles Ray stooped, so it was an awkward journey as they drug him back through the thicket loaded with briar patches.
When they finally made it back to the road, Nathan's arms and face were covered in stinging cuts and streaked with blood. "Please let me go." His voice barely audible.
The pair of bullies suddenly released their grip and Nathan crashed to the ground face first. Tiny pieces of rock bit into his face. Charles Ray laughed. "You said to let you go." Both Wilkerson brothers broke out into laughter again.
"I'll get the rope," said Ford through a chuckle. "You stay here and keep an eye on him."
"K." Charles Ray pulled his switchblade and flicked it open.
Ford waddled back to the car.
Warm blood trickled down Nathan's brow and got into his eyes. He was afraid to wipe it. Charles Ray might mistake it for an aggressive move and plunge the blade into his back.
Still clutching the switchblade, Charles Ray knelt next to him. "What's wrong, pansy, skeered?" He drew the tip of the knife lightly across Nathan's throat.
Terror filled every molecule in Nathan's body. He let out a soft whimper.
Charles Ray let out a howl of laughter. "Lookie, lookie at this cookie. Are you gonna piss yourself?"
Ford came back with a flashlight and coil of rope slung over his shoulder. "Quit toyin' around with 'im. We don't have much time before the game starts."
Charles Ray leaned down and placed his lips close to Nathan's ear. "Now, don't so much as blink an eye while Ford ties you up nice an' tight or I'll—" He planted the sharp edge of the blade against Nathan's neck again.
He felt the pressure against his jugular.
The clank and clatter of a diesel engine bellowed out from the darkness.
Charles Ray pulled the knife away from Nathan's neck and spun toward the noise.
Ford stood next to his brother.
Forgotten on the ground, Nathan could tell that the situation had changed drastically. Now he had a chance.
A pair of headlights came into view. "Dammit. We're too late."
A second later, a diesel rig pulling a long, silver box trailer materialized in the wash of moonlight. Its engine was growling and gray smoke billowed from the twin exhaust pipes sticking up behind the cab.
Ford turned to Charles. "He ain't no use to us no more. Just go on and kill 'im."
Charles Ray grabbed Nathan by his shirt and yanked him up.
The air horn began a long ear-splitting assault, and the tires sang a staccato squeal as the rig stuttered to a stop. The air brakes let out a loud hiss.
Nathan wasn't sure if he should break away and race to the safety of the new arrival or just get the hell out of there period.
Suddenly, the truck's interior panel lights came on, casting a green hue on the face behind the wheel making the driver appear more fiend than human. Nathan stood there transfixed. The door opened, and the overhead light popped on illuminating the interior of the cab with brilliant light.
The driver jumped out and the soles of her boots hit the pavement with a solid thud. She stalked up to the two abductors.
Ford turned the flashlight on her.
Thick cords of red hair hung around her heart-shaped face and a pair of effervescent, green eyes flashed like a wild animal's. "Let him go." There was fire in her voice.
Ford cracked a grin. "What's he to you?"
"He's my partner," she replied.
Charles Ray looked at her with suspicion in his eyes. "Then what's he doin' out here?"
Ford folded his arms across his thick chest and eyed her with the same degree of suspicion. "Yeah."
"I'm picking him up."
Ford's grin disintegrated. "I ain't buying what you're sellin'. Go ahead and stick 'im, Charles Ray."
The skinny brother got a gleam in his eyes, nodded his head, and moved the blade in on Nathan.
Nathan shrank, back pulling against Charles Ray.
"Wait!" she shouted.
Charles Ray came to a halt and looked at her.
"You'll be breaking the rules of the game if you do."
"He ain't no part of the game, so it don't count." Charles Ray said, and then looked at Ford for confirmation.
"The starting line is a mile up the road. If you kill my partner here and now, then you lose."
"Who's gonna know?" asked Charles Ray.
She pointed to the owl in the tree. "The Cabal, that's who."
With that, the owl took flight and circled overhead.
"She right," said Ford. "You can't kill him, not yet."
Charles Ray pursed his lips together and narrowed his eyes. He glared at Nathan for a second then brought the point of the knife down. "Before this night is over, I'm gonna slit your gullet."
Nathan felt like he was in some surrealistic nightmare. He hadn't realized until now that fear and relief could exist at the same time. He let out a soft moan.
"I said let him be," Ford bellowed.
With a punch of a button the knife clicked and the blade retracted. Charles Ray opened his hand and pushed Nathan to the ground. He gave Nathan a kick with the toe of his boot. "I'll be seein' you real soon, pansy."
"Come on, let's git this party started," said Ford.
Nathan listened to the men's footsteps marching across the pavement. Hinges groaned, and a moment later, the car doors slammed. He didn't feel safe until he heard the car turn around and the engine's chugging growing faint in the distance. He wanted to get up and run, run all the way back to Gainesville if he had to, but he was too weak to stand. He continued to lie on his side and began sobbing with relief.
The redhead watched the clunker's taillights fade then went over to where Nathan lay.
He rolled over face up still sobbing. His face was stinging with embarrassment.
"Nothing to be ashamed about," she said, then offered to help him to his feet with an extended hand
A fit of maniacal, nervous laughter burst past his lips and then abruptly ended. Anger melded with embarrassment and he slapped her hand away. He bolted to his feet, hands balled in fists at his sides, and demanded, "Who in the hell are those two maniac throwbacks?"
"The opponents," she replied.
Opponents. Opponents. Opponents. The word danced in his head. His bumfuzzled mind worked hard at trying to put the pieces of the puzzle together. "What the hell are you talking about?"
"They are my opponents in the game," she replied.
"What game? Those jerks sure didn't act like they were playing."
"It's a local thing. High risk, big money, and we locals take it dead seriously."
It still didn't make a damn bit of sense. "So, you've played it before?"
She shook her head. "Of course not. You only get one shot."
Her cryptic answers left holes in the story, but he didn't care. He just needed the hell out of here. "Look. I'm not interested in some backwoods idea of fun and games. I've got to get to Uncertain before ten in the morning for a job interview. I could use a ride."
She shook her head again. "I can't help you with that." She looked him up and down and then said, "Unless…."
Nathan shuddered under her scrutiny. "Unless what?"
"Listen, the game is a type of lottery. You and a partner put your names in the hat, so to speak, and every year, the Cabal draws the winning team to make the run from one end of the road to the other. The challenge is to get past the Wilkerson boys."
"So, what do you get out of it if you win?"
"A million dollars."
"You said partner, so, what happened to your compadre?"
"Buck must have weaseled out at the last second. He's disappeared."
Nathan stared at her while trying to decide if he was being played or not. Then he said, "Well, Buck sounds like a smart guy." He turned and walked off.
"Where are you going?"
"I don't want any part of this, lady."
"It's too late for that," she called after him.
He stopped.
"Now, they think you're with me."
He turned around. "I'll just explain to them what happened."
"Yeah, good luck with that. If you're lucky they'll just hang you up in tree and skin you alive." She giggled.
Nathan bristled at her tittering at his plight. Her odd response to the situation only served to add to his confusion and made his head spin. "I'm glad you find it funny, because I don't." Fueled by the need to get as far away from this place as possible, he turned and marched down the dark road back toward the gate, but the image of Charles Ray running the knife across his throat came to mind. He could almost feel the tip of the hard steel once more. He reached up and pressed his hand over the spot. With terror in his eyes, he jerked back around.
Nathan was almost certain that his knees were going to buckle as he climbed into the truck.
The redhead had the diesel engine purring beneath the hood. In the overhead light, she scanned his drying wounds. "Lucky for you I showed up when I did."
He wanted to feel lucky, but somehow he couldn't quite get there. "We'll see," he managed to mumble.
"You better buckle up, buttercup," she said as she rammed the gearshift forward and released the brakes.
"My name's Nathan." He cinched the seatbelt across his chest and locked the clasp into place with a click. When he looked up, she had a sawed off shotgun pointed at his face.
She nuzzled the open bore against his cheek. "Let's get one thing straight. If you think about running away and ruining my chances of winning, I'll kill you myself. Got it, Nat?"
He swallowed hard and nodded. At this point he didn't even care that she'd got his name wrong.
With the gun tucked at her side, she put the truck in motion.
Less than a mile down the road, static abruptly popped from the speakers and made Nathan jump.
"Hey, Sundowner, got your ears on?"
She plucked the mic out of its cradle. "That's a ten four, Road Demon."
"You ready for this?"
"That's a ten four," she replied. "I've been ready for this night for a long time."
"Just remember everything I taught you, Sammie, and keep your wits about you."
"Ten four," she responded.
Static filled the speakers again. "And what about your partner?"
She bounced a quick glance off Nathan. He was looking back at her trying decide if he should call her Sundowner or Sammie since neither one seem to fit her looks.
She keyed the microphone. "He's the best." She glanced at him again with a forced grin. He thought the look was a mixture of disappointment and pessimism, so, he just shrugged and looked away.
"Roger that, Sundowner."
"Who was that?" he asked.
"My dad." She cradled the mic and aimed a finger at the road ahead. "There it is."
A broad white stripe was painted across the road and Nathan felt his gut tighten as they crossed it.
"Keep your eyes and ears open," said Sammie.
"What am I looking for?"
"Traps," she replied.
The word filled his head with a plethora of images and his gut tightened some more. In fact, it was in knots and his belly ached. He squinted as he peered through the windshield.
She noticed. "What's wrong?"
"I left my glasses in my car."
"Oh great," she said. "You're a wuss and you're blind." She shook her head. "I'm screwed."
Nathan felt a spark of anger and ground out his words through gritted teeth. "I'm not a wuss." He was about to give her an earful of some of his past feats of masculinity, but he saw something in the road that was large enough to see without his glasses.
Sammie saw it too and tried to slow down, but she was too late. Two litter barrels, standing sentry on either side of the road, were tethered together by a thick cable. The grill of the truck snagged the wire immediately uprooting the barrels and swooping them in toward the truck. A second later, loud clattering broke out and the truck jerked to a sudden stop.
"Why are we stopping?" he asked.
Sammie had a terrified look in her eyes. "Get out," she said.
"What? Why?"
"You've got to get that mess untangled from the truck's wheels or we're dead."
He looked out the window. Nathan was sure that Ford and Charles Ray were out there somewhere, waiting. "I'm not going out there."
"Get out," she repeated herself; this time the tone of her voice was firmer. Her green eyes steeled against his meek stare. She picked up the gun, looped a finger through the trigger guard, and let it rest there. "I said get out."
He opened the door. Immediately the warm summer air rushed in carrying the smell of something dead. He recoiled and slapped a hand over his nose and mouth. "Oh God!"
"Don't worry. It's probably just road kill," said Sammie. She rattled the shotgun. "If there's anyone out there, I've got you covered."
He didn't find comfort in her words. He didn't know who was more dangerous, Sammie or the Wilkerson brothers. He hesitated before stepping out onto the runner, and then he stood there squinting through the darkness for any movement before he jumped down onto the pavement.
He waded through the stench holding his breath. Sooner, rather than later, he'd have to take a breath and then death would literally be coursing through his veins. His lungs screamed for air. Nathan took in a deep breath, gagged, but kept plodding ahead, his eyes watering. Walking to the end of the cargo trailer, Nathan stuck close to the truck in case he had to duck behind one of the massive wheels for cover. At the rear-end, he found one of the litter barrels, now crushed, had wedged itself between the tire and fender well and the cable had wound around the shaft. With both hands, he gave the can a tug. It moved a little, but wasn't going to come free without a fight. He wrestled with it until sweat ran down his face. The juvenile prank had caused a time-consuming problem, but if this was all the rednecks were capable of, then maybe there wasn't much to worry about. At the same time, he continued to intermittently look back over his shoulder half expecting Charles Ray to be breathing down his neck clenching the knife in his bony fingers. Nathan worked faster to remove the squashed metal.
He returned to the cab with road grime smeared across his scratch-riddled cheeks. "Got it free," he announced as he climbed back into his seat. "Are childish pranks all those two can come up with?"
"They're just toying with us and trying to slow us down," she said. "And set us on edge. The Wilkerson boys may not be much to behold, but they are smart and they're dangerous."
His grin faded. Just the words he didn't want to hear. He buckled his seat belt.
She put the truck in gear.
He kept a vigilant eye on the road and muscles coiled tight as springs in case he had to act suddenly.
A few miles down the road, she must have noticed. "Easy Nat, you're registering about a ten on the tension scale."
He hated her calling him that. It made him sound like a pesky bug. "My name is Nathan."
She pursed her lips together and gave a sloppy nod. "Okay, Nathan. So, why were you on a deserted road all by your lonesome?"
He didn't answer.
"Running from something?"
"I'm not running from anything." Nothing but a truckload of bills and not enough money to pay them with. "I've got a job interview in Uncertain."
"Why Uncertain?"
This chick was too nosy. He wasn't going to tell her that the name of the town mirrored his life. "Because I like the name of the place." Half truth was better than a lie.
"Good enough reason, I guess."
"Look," he shot back. "Shouldn't we be keeping our minds focused on the matters at hand?"
"You mean the Wilkerson boys and the game? What's to talk about?"
"What about the million dollars? Do I get some of the money?"
She turned to him. "Yeah, you'll get your cut."
Since his vast fortune of wealth consisted of three worn out dollar bills in his wallet, hell yeah, he could use a cut. He perked up. "How much?"
"Half," she said. She turned her head back toward the windshield. Sammie narrowed her green eyes. "But, you've got to earn it."
As far as he was concerned, his life was worth twice that amount, but half seemed fair. He could easily enjoy life with a half million dollars. He just had to survive the night. "Okay, I'll do my part."
The corners of her mouth turned up into a slight grin. It wasn't the pixie smile he'd seen earlier, this one was more devilish. He felt like he'd just jumped out of the frying pan into the fire. "Don't you think I need to know the rules?"
"You're right. You need to know what you're up against." She delivered the statement like a punch to his gut.
He felt it. It was bad enough that his insides were already wound up in a tight knot.
"The rules are simple. You have to stay on the road to engage with the opponent and in order to win; one person from the team must cross the finish line before sunrise."
"Where's the finish line?"
"Uncertain."
That didn't sound so hard. Less than a hundred miles. They'd be there in no time. "That should be easy."
She shook her head. "No one's ever lived to make it to the finish line."
The headlights caught an anomaly zipping across the road.
"Did you see that?" asked Nathan.
Sammie nodded. "It looked like a soap bubble."
It must be another childish prank from Charles Ray and Ford. One soap bubble wasn't anything to fret about. Another bubble, caught in the crosswind, whisked across the road. A few more followed. "Better slow down," he said.
"We're already behind schedule."
A huge cluster of bubbles appeared in the headlights. Unlike the single cells, this one was a slow moving mass that defied the crosswind.
"You're going to hit it," yelled Nathan. Certain something disastrous was about to happen, he braced himself for the impact.
The collision vaporized most of the suds and sent the few survivors scattering. If it had been a ploy to set him further on edge, it was working, his nerves were jangled. The euphoric feeling generated by the gain of money? Gone.
Another line of bubbles streamed across the road. His imagination ran amuck and conjured a vision of a death machine spewing out its toxic bubble brew. He managed to rein in the far-fetched mind freak as more bubbles zipped across the road.
"They're screwing with our heads," Nathan cried out.
The speakers crackled. "Be careful." It was her dad's voice. "They gotta—" Hiss and crackles cut him off. After the short electronic outburst, his voice came back, but it was faint and under a blanket of heavy static, and then it faded out altogether.
Sammie grabbed the mic. "Come back, Road Demon, you're breaking up."
Suddenly, another male voice blazed across the speakers mocking her in falsetto tones. "Please come back, AUNTY EM', come back! Oh, Aunty Em', Aunty Em'. I'll get you my little pretty and your little dog too." Insane cackling followed.
Another voice in the background growled out, "Gim'me that mic, Charles Ray, you idiot." The speaker popped. "Listen here," said Ford. "You can't be consultin' with outside sources."
Charles Ray came through the speakers again. "Lookie, lookie, half-baked cookies, we ain't puttin' up with no cheatin'."
Up ahead, a wall of suds stretched across the road to the boundaries of the woods on both sides. Nathan guessed it to be about twelve feet high.
Sammie slowed down.
"You're not going to drive through that are you?"
"I've got to, there's no other way," she said.
"But you don't know what's in there or what's on the other side."
Sammie eased her foot off the gas some more. "The biggest challenge will be staying on the road."
He watched in horror as the truck penetrated the barrier and the bubbles crawled across the hood. Anything could be in there. The bubbles could be some kind of corrosive acid and eat right through the metal skin of the cab. His mind flashed through a list of deadly scenarios.
Sammie turned on the wiper blades as the suds crept up the windshield.
Nathan was coming to the conclusion that this girl was bonkers and was going to get them both killed. He grabbed the mic and keyed it. "Charles Ray! Ford! Listen to me. I'm not a part of this. My name is Nathan Wilder, and my car ran out of gas and I'm not a part of this game." He released the button and there was nothing from the speakers. Nathan keyed it again, held it closer to his mouth, and spoke louder. "Do you hear me? I'm not a part of this." Silence followed in the wake of his last word.
"They aren't going to answer you, Nat," she replied and pointed to the radio.
"IT'S NATHAN!" he screamed at her. Then he noticed the radio wasn't lit up. "Did you turn it off?"
"Get a grip, would you? I told you I wouldn't let you blow this for me and I meant it."
The truck hit a bump and Nathan's heart leapt into his throat. With a frantic look in his eyes, and still clutching the mic in a white-knuckled grip, he turned to Sammy. "What was that?"
"I don't know," she replied as she continued to slowly guide the truck forward. She hit something else. Whatever it was brought them to a complete halt.
"Back it up!" Nathan shouted over the whine of a hydraulic motor.
She threw it in reverse. "Can't! Something's blocking the way."
The truck jiggled. The feeling of terror swelled inside Nathan as he felt the sensation of floating upward like in a helium balloon. "What's happening?"
The wiper blades raking across the glass worked fast and furious to clear the windshield. In the soapy haze two blobs of light seemed to float in front of them.
She pushed a button and water shot up to wash the film away. The glowing orbs became two bright lights just below the tops of a row of trees and were moving toward them. The pines slowed whatever it was. They could hear the sound of popping, cracking, and a mechanical whine as they watched the trees being snapped and uprooted, then tossed aside.
The ludicrous thing stepped out onto the blacktop.
"Bail out!" Sammie yelled.
Nathan popped open the door and looked down. Way down. The truck was suspended in the air.
She grabbed her shotgun and opened her door. A split second later she was gone.
The roar of an engine and the clanking of metal drew his attention back to the windshield.
The giant spider was powered by what sounded like a souped up V-8 engine sticking out the top of a Volkswagen Beetle body. Charles Ray was at the helm controlling the eight legs made from excavator booms of backhoes. The engine revved as it clacked forward spitting fire and smoke from the open bores of its exhaust pipes.
The mechanism mounted beneath the spider swung toward him. He heard the POP POP POP and saw the muzzle flashes and the pock pock pock of bullets striking the hood.
Nathan jumped and hit the ground with a solid thud that jarred his body and rattled his teeth. He shook it off, jumped to his feet, and joined Sammie where she hid behind one of the three legs of the mammoth lift.
The mechanical monstrosity rattled off more shots that pelted the road around their feet as it clattered steadily closer. The headlights split the darkness near them.
Nathan looked around for a safe place to run to. There was a grove of trees that fit the bill, but Charles Ray would cut him down before he made it there. "What are we going to do?" he yelled.
"Level the playing field," she replied. Sammie pumped the shotgun. In one sweeping motion, she rolled around the edge of the cylinder and fired well-aimed shots. The headlights winked out and a shower of sparks floated down.
Charles Ray returned a rain of bullets.
Sammie jerked back as the projectiles pinged the metal leg.
Nathan stood with his back against the post as the spider contraption continued toward them, still firing. He was about to make a run for the trees, but as he took a step, she seized him by the shoulder and yanked him around.
"Where do you think you're going?" She held a knife.
He looked at it and shrugged. "Go ahead. Kill me."
"I'm not going to kill you." She flipped the knife around so that she held the blade and shoved the handle into his hand. "You're going to go cut the main hydraulic feed line while I keep bone daddy occupied."
POP POP POP POP... The spider sprayed bullets.
Nathan dropped the knife and would have taken a step back if it weren't for the flying lead. He shook his head.
"Lookie, lookie, where's our cookies," Charles Ray said over a PA. Shrill feedback from the speaker cut him off.
"All right." Sammie scowled, picked the knife up, and said, "Fine. You cover me while I go cut the line." She shoved the shotgun into his chest. "Do you think you can do that?"
He wasn't sure, but nodded anyway. Better her than him running out there. It was a suicide mission.
"Good. And do me a favor, Nat."
Who could think of favors at a time like this? What could she possibly want? He cocked his head at her.
"Grow yourself a set of balls before I get back." With only the knife, Sammie took off running toward the metal arachnid.
Nathan cowed behind the lift's leg. If something happened to her, he'd be at the mercy of those two Neanderthals. There was no telling what they'd do to him. He peered around the column. Sammie was already halfway there, dodging bullets and depending on him for protection. Nathan stepped out and took a shot. It was a lucky one. It hit close enough for Charles Ray to sit up and take notice.
Still firing, the machine gun mounted to the belly of the spider swung toward Nathan. A bullet bit into the toe of his shoe. Too close for comfort and more incoming. Nathan danced around like an organ grinder's monkey.
Charles Ray raised his sights. The bullets were now whizzing past him like a swarm of angry hornets.
Sammie made it to the base of one of the legs and shimmied up the metal appendage.
He'd done his part, so he ducked behind the metal post again, breathing hard. Nathan peeked around the corner. Sammie had already scrambled up to the underbelly of the machine and was sawing at one of the hoses.
Charles Ray climbed out through the window carrying a rifle. "Along came a spider and sat down beside her," he yelled out.
Sammie made speedy progress and liquid spurted from it like blood from a severed artery.
The spider shuddered and then it wobbled before taking clumsy steps forward like a drunken sailor on leave.
Charles Ray stumbled around fighting to keep his balance. The rifle became airborne when the redneck was forced to grab on to something to keep from falling off the edge. The wooden stock noisily splintered on the pavement.
Sammie was descending the leg when the machine shuddered again, took a step sideways, and came crashing down in a disharmony of clashing metal.
"Sammie?!" Nathan couldn't see her, but he watched Charles Ray manage to ride the thing down and make the short hop to the ground as the spider crashed. Now that he was unarmed, Nathan charged him; hitting him square in the jaw with the butt of the gun.
Charles Rays' eyes went vacant; he sagged at the knees and toppled like a felled tree. When his noggin hit the road, it made the sound of a ripe watermelon when you thump it.
Nathan got down on his hands and knees and looked beneath the wreckage of the machine. There was a cavity. It was small, but maybe Sammie was in there, unharmed. His hopes were dashed when a small stream of dark fluid trickled out of the void. In the moonlight, it looked like blood, but his nose picked up the scent of petroleum. He let out a sigh of relief. "Hydraulic fluid." There was still hope that she was under there and still alive and hopefully uninjured.
"Hey, Mofo!"
Nathan looked up.
Ford had arrived at the scene brandishing a rifle.
Nathan grabbed the shotgun and jumped to his feet.
"If you don't want a hole in'ya the size of Texas then I'd suggest you drop that thing." Ford's rifle was pointed at Nathan's chest.
Nathan let his weapon fall.
"Now lock your fingers behind your head."
He complied again. What choice did he have?
Charles Ray stirred on the ground and let out a groan.
"What'd you do to my little brother?" asked Ford.
Charles Ray lifted his head. "He sucker punched me that's what he did." He spat blood on the pavement and got on his knees. "Sumbitch ain't playin' fair."
"It don't matter now," said Ford. He looked around. "Where's the girl?"
"Hee hee he hee hee." Charles Ray broke out into a big satisfied grin that showed all ten of his teeth. "She ain't nothin' more than a pile of mush."
"I'm almost disappointed. It was way too easy this year." Ford grinned back. "Let's finish this goober smooch and call it good. We can go grab us some beer and still catch that wrestlin' match on cable." He raised the end of the barrel to Nathan's head.
This was it. Game over. Nathan closed his eyes.
"Wait a minute," said Charles Ray. He got to his feet and pulled the switchblade. "I wanna take him apart a little piece at a time for what he done to me." He flicked the blade.
The click made Nathan flinch.
Charles Ray came at him slow.
Nathan didn't want to be scared, but he couldn't contain the fear welling up from the pit of his stomach.
Ford chuckled when Nathan let out a whimper.
"Stop!"
Charles Ray came to a halt and all heads turned.
Sammie crawled out from beneath the debris looking like a cardinal caught in an oil spill. She was covered in a film of hydraulic fluid and road grime and she no longer possessed the knife.
"Lookie lookie at the crumbled cookie."
She ignored his asinine limerick or whatever the hell it was. "Why don't you take a stab at me?" she asked, still looking a little shaky.
Charles Ray broke out into laughter. "Now, that's funny."
"You won't find it so funny when I kick your ass."
The skinny hillbilly stopped laughing and looked her over. "Right now, you couldn't kick your way outta a wet paper bag."
"I'll make you a deal," said Sammie.
Ford sneered. "You ain't in any position to make any deals. We got you fair and square."
"It'll make the game more interesting. You're not ready for the game to end yet, are you?"
Ford mulled it over. "What kinda deal?"
"If I kick bone daddy's ass," she said, pointing to Charles Ray, "you let us go and the game continues."
Ford narrowed his eyes at Charles Ray. "Think you can handle this chick?"
"HA! Are you kiddin' me?" asked Charles Ray. He pointed the tip of his knife at her. "Jus' look at her. She's about as weak as a popcorn fart in a hurricane."
Ford folded his arms across his chest. "And what if Charles Ray kicks your ass?"
"Then you kill us both. Right here on the spot."
Ford grinned like he enjoyed the thought of that.
Nathan's jaw dropped. "You can't be serious!"
"Damn straight I am." Sammie was rapidly regaining her strength, but she didn't want the brothers to know that, so she didn't put a lot of fire in her words.
"Aiight," said Ford as he nodded his head. A big grin spread across his face.
"Sammie, don't," implored Nathan. He felt terrified.
"Shut up, Nat."
Charles Ray took a stance, waving the silver blade around.
"That's not a fair fight," said Nathan. "He's got a knife."
"My road, my rules," Ford replied.
"Yeah," said Charles Ray. "Them's the rules."
Sammie crab-walked around him.
Foot over foot, Charles Ray rotated. "Come on," he said. "You skeered?" With a thrust of his knife, he poked the air and kept the knife extended.
With the speed and agility of a jaguar, Sammie rushed in. Before the hillbilly could retract his arm to make another stab, she performed a well-executed flying snap kick to his jaw.
The hillbilly's eyes glazed over and he dropped to the ground.
"BOO YA!" With a smile on her face, Sammie slapped her hands together like she was dusting the dirt from them. "That was easy."
"Wait a minute," said Ford. "You can't do that?"
"Why not?" she asked.
"Because usin' that kung fu crap ain't fair."
"We had a deal," said Nathan. He stepped forward. "Now let us go."
Ford raised the shotgun. "Shut your yap, Pansy."
"Nat's right," said Sammie. "I beat him fair and square."
"Yeah," said Nathan. "Them's the rules."
Charles Ray groaned.
"Get up, stupid," said Ford.
The brother sat up. "What happened?" He rubbed his chin.
"You let a girl kick your ass, that's what happened. Now get up."
Charles Ray crawled to his knees and then slowly got to his feet looking a bit shaky.
"Go let the truck down, an' let's get out of here."
The odd couple waded off into the darkness chiding each other.
Nathan asked, "Where'd you learn to fight like that?"
"My daddy taught me when I was a little girl."
"Most little girls play dress up and with dolls."
"Not me," she replied.
The whine of hydraulics filled the air. They watched as Charles Ray lowered the truck. After it touched down, the brothers walked away and faded in the dark.
"Let's bounce before those hoodlums come back."
After Nathan and Sammie climbed back in the semi, she buckled up and shoved the shifter into first. "Good job." She held up her hand for a high-five.
Nathan returned it feeling a little bit guilty. He didn't feel like he'd contributed a thing toward the win.
She let off the clutch. The engine growled as the truck rolled forward.
The next time Nathan looked at the clock, it was after midnight. He didn't know where the time had gone, like it had collapsed in on itself into a black hole. He was relieved and worried they hadn't seen hide nor hair of the Wilkerson duo. Maybe they'd given up and gone home. Fat chance. Licking their wounds and plotting revenge was more like it.
A voice crackled out of the speaker. "You got your ears on, Sundowner?"
She picked up the mic. "That's affirmative."
"Careful, Sammie, there's a bogey on your tail."
"How does he know that?" Nathan asked.
"I'll explain later." Her eyes fixed on the side view. "See it?"
"I see it."
She cradled the microphone. "Hang on." She told Nathan as she floored the pedal, but the truck was slow to pick up speed and the register made a sluggish ascent toward the ninety mark.
He checked his mirror again. It looked like a hopped-up, all terrain vehicle with long, metal spikes poking out of its silver skin. The long barrel of a gun, mounted on the hood, swiveled back and forth like it was trying to get a fix on them. "We can't outrun it."
Sammie flipped a toggle on the dash. The bar of tail lamps blazed back the darkness and reflected off the vehicle's metallic skin. It swerved to the right, skimmed along the shoulder of the road, kicking up dust and flinging gravel in its wake as it came along his side of the truck. A stream of fire shot from the end of the gun barrel.
"FLAME THROWER!" yelled Nathan. Flames licked the glass. He felt the heat. "We're on fire!" He shouted. How in the hell did he get sucked into this nightmare?
"You're going to have to take them out."
"What? Me? How?"
She reached beneath her seat and pulled out another shotgun. "With this." She pointed to the hatch on the roof of the cab. "You'll have to climb out there to get a good shot."
Like hell he was. That was suicide. "You must be crazy." His heart thundered inside his chest and his complexion went ash.
She thrust the gun into his hands. "It's loaded with armor piercing shells."
"Not no, but hell no!" He waved it off.
"Then get out of the way and let me do it."
"Who's going to drive?"
"You, Einstein!"
"I can't drive this thing."
"Then what can you do, Nat?"
The metal cocklebur dropped back. He watched in the side view mirror as it retreated into the darkness. Thank God, he thought.
"Here it comes again!" Her eyes flicked back and forth between her side view and the road.
The cocklebur made a pass on her side and doused the tires with fire. Within seconds the smell of burning rubber filled the inside of the cab. The enemy dropped back out of sight once more. "One of us better get out there quick." She shoved the shotgun in his hands.
Nathan stood in a half stance and popped the hatch. A slipstream of air rushed in carrying the smell of the burning rubber. This shit was getting serious.
"You'd better hurry," Sammy said. "That stuff is napalm and it's going to melt the tires off. Then we're really going to be screwed."
He looked down at her. "I don't know if I can do this."
At first, she looked taken aback, then her eyes steeled. "Look, dude, you have no choice. It's do or die. Now get your ass up there."
He climbed out the hatch and stood on top of the cab, facing the rear, with the rushing air threatening to topple him. He spread his feet a little further apart and tightened his thigh muscles. He saw the headlights coming up fast and he could hear the high-pitched whine of the engine. All he needed was one good shot. He took aim between the lights. The turbulence, along with the constant rocking of the cab, threatened his shot. The same moment he squeezed the trigger, the rig encountered a bump in the road; for a brief moment, he suffered the pain of disappointment of a spoiled shot.
In the darkness, Nathan saw sparks and heard the clink of metal impacting metal. Fire spread rapidly across the hood of the pursuing car and it became a rolling fireball. Suddenly, it veered off the road and came to a halt. The glow of the flames highlighted the Wilkerson brothers as they bailed out and high tailed it away from the inferno. A second later, BLOOM!
Goddamn! It was just like one of those high-budget Hollywood movies! A big ball of orange fire rose up as pieces of shattered metal shot through the air. A small shard whizzed by and nicked the lobe of his ear in its passing. He felt the sting. Warm blood trickled down his neck, but he didn't care. "WOO HOO!" He looked down through the open hatch at Sammie. "I got them!"
She looked up "Great! Don't get cocky!" When she shifted her eyes back to the road, she saw it, hit the brakes, and the tires squalled as the rubber bit into the road.
Nathan flew forward.
Sammie saw him tumble down the windshield and across the hood.
At the last second, his hand grasped the demon head hood ornament before he could be flung off. The momentum twisted him around so he had a front row seat to witnessing his own demise. A metal wall had popped up out of the road like a piece of toasted bread.
Propelled by the weight of the trailer, the truck continued to skid forward. In about three seconds he was going to be flat as a pancake.
At the last second, Sammie cut the wheel hard to the right. The rig jackknifed.
By sheer force of will, Nathan maintained his death grip on the demon head as the passenger side wheels lifted.
He felt the rig tilt. Nathan twisted back around, belly to the grill, and latched onto the head with the other hand. Now, he could see Sammie through the windshield and the terror on her face.
The truck slowed, stopped, and slammed back down, bounced a few times, then settled on all eighteen wheels.
He let out a sigh of relief and dropped to the ground.
Sammie had already jumped out of the cab and was dowsing the burning tires with a good dose of sodium bicarbonate.
"Are you all right?" she called out to him.
He couldn't be worse off if someone had thrown him in a dark pit filled with venomous snakes. "Yeah." His voice was weak and almost inaudible. His knees trembled.
"Good." She tossed him the fire extinguisher. "Stow this." She turned and walked away.
He found a storage nook on the outside of the cab, stuffed it in, and climbed back inside the truck. Nathan flopped down in the seat. His mind replayed the incident like a movie inside his head, and he was the stunt double. "Close call."
"You're bleeding?"
"What?"
She nodded at the nick on his ear.
"It's nothing." He shrugged it off.
Suddenly, the ground beneath them shuddered. Hydraulics whined. He popped back up in the seat. "Holy shit, what now?" He watched as the iron plate sink below the hood. "Let's get out of here."
"Good idea." She grabbed the shifter.
"Wait!"
"What now?"
"How's the tires?"
"A little overdone for my taste."
He didn't appreciate her humor, not right now. He frowned. "Are we going to be able to drive on them?" The acrid smell of burnt rubber hung in the air.
She shrugged. "Let's hope so." Airbrakes hissed and the truck rolled forward slowly picking up speed until the needle rested on eighty. "We've got to make up for lost time."
That would be fine and dandy in the real world, but this place was far from it. He was sure that the redneck brothers from hell would pop up any second, or another wacky trap would be sitting in the middle of the road. "How do those Wilkerson lowlifes muster up enough brains cells between them to come up with such clever booby traps?"
"You don't need a degree from some fancy school to be smart," she replied.
That was true. He'd worked under quite a few bosses who held degrees and were book smart, but didn't have a lick of common sense. The big schools had seemed to strip that away. As a matter of fact—
"I dropped out of school when I was sixteen so that I could learn to drive this rig, and that was ten years ago," she said. "And, just look at my dad."
"What about him?" He shrugged.
"He quit school and left home when he was fifteen to go to work for a trucking company and then he bought a trucking line of his own. He became one of the most successful in the country."
That explained how Sammie was such a natural behind the wheel of a big truck. It was in her blood. He never had that. His parent had always gone with the flow, taking life as it came without any sense of direction until the house fire took their lives. He was following in their footsteps meandering without a purpose or idea of what he wanted to be when he grew up.
"You just have to want it, Nat, down to the core of your very being, you have to want it. That's all. If you can do that, then there's nothing that can stop you."
He really didn't care about the history lesson or the pep talk. Right now, there was only one thing he cared about. Getting through this alive. He could worry about finding the it later. He shook the thought off. "Like crossing the finish line before the break of dawn and winning a million dollars?"
Her smile flattened to into a straight line. "I really don't care about the money."
"If you don't care about the money then why are you doing this?"
"For the sport of it."
He doubted that. He'd seen the look in her eyes when she was in the face off with Charles Ray. She was out for blood.
She looked at him from beneath a cocked eyebrow. "What about you?"
"What about me?"
"Don't try to shuck and jive me, Nat. You are either running from something or running to something." Her expression sobered. "So, which is it?"
He squirmed in his seat. "Seriously, I just made a wrong turn and ended up in Hillbilly Hell."
"Sucks to be you." She turned her attention back to the road ahead.
Her lack of sympathy grated on him but he kept silent.
The next few miles passed without conversation. The terrain became a series of rolling hills. They topped a small rise and a pair of high beams glared in their eyes. Another rig was on a collision course with them.
Sammie took evasive action, but the oncoming truck matched her move.
As Nathan braced himself for the impact, he could see two faces in the other truck staring back as wild-eyed as they were. One looked like Sammie and the other looked like him. What the hell?
The impact sent shards of splintered glass exploding in every direction.
"It was a giant mirror," Sammie said through a stream of hysterical giggling, but suddenly her eyes widened out in terror and she stomped down on the brakes.
Nathan's gaze swung to the windshield. Both sides of the road had around twenty feet of spike strips and a giant knight, mounted on an enormous steed, stood in the center of the road. Both were armor clad and the knight held a lance pointed straight at them.
Sammie mashed as hard as she could on the brakes and grabbed the hood release and pulled. The air rushed beneath the hood and jerked it up as far as the hinges allowed. The thing wobbled in the wind like a puffed out sail in a monsoon, then ripped off its hinges and somersaulted away into the night. The parachute effect wasn't enough to stop them, but it slowed them down.
The long lance entered the grill and drove straight through the engine with the deafening sound of twisting metal. He thought he heard Sammie scream, but then he realized it was him.
The tip of the shaft pierced the dashboard, taking out the radio and gear shifter as it rammed past them and into the sleeper. Then the truck came to an abrupt halt like they'd slammed into a brick wall. The interior lights winked out.
The moonlight caught wisps of steam slithering from the engine and the hiss of the leaking radiator was the only sound. Nathan looked at the metal shaft. A foot either way and one of them would have been shish kabobbed.
"HELL'S BELLS!" He whooped and let out a laugh. He should have known that Sammie could pull it off. But, his elation suddenly flat lined when Sammie said, "Let's go find the Road Demon."
"Your dad?"
"No. The hood ornament."
He looked back out the window and checked out the scenery. There was a squatty bush that resembled Ford, so Nathan stared at it, waiting to see if it would move and betray the masquerade, but it didn't. Nevertheless, he was certain that he could feel their presence in the shadows. "I'm not getting out of this truck until the sun comes up. I'm through. Capish?"
She pulled the shotgun, pointed at his face, and cocked the hammer back. "We're going back for it. Capish?"
He buffered her gaze with a nervous chuckle. "Why don't you tell me what's so important about that thing?"
She ignored his question and stepped out onto the running board. "Get out."
He grabbed the handle on his door.
"No," she said. "My side. I want to keep an eye on you."
Nathan climbed out and deposited his feet on the pavement. The barrel of the shotgun was inches from his face.
"Why are we wasting time going back for a hunk of metal?" He could grab the gun and twist it out of her hands. She may be faster but he was stronger. He lashed out.
With lightning speed, she swung the shotgun like a battle stick and whopped him upside the head with the butt.
A bright light flashed in front of his eyes, and the next time he opened them, his head throbbed.
"Get up."
With his thoughts of escaping tamed and his head spinning, he got to his feet.
She prodded him in the back to get him moving. They fell into a silent march. He rubbed the knot on his head. No way was he going to ask what significance that evil head held again. She might just cut her losses and shoot him.
"We'll walk a crisscross pattern so we don't miss it," she said.
He grudgingly complied and alternated looking on the ground and looking around for the psycho brothers.
Fifteen minutes later, she said. "We should have seen it by now."
What did she expect? It was dark. Besides that, the hood could have sailed off either side of the road and be hidden behind a thicket and they'd never see it. He opened his mouth to suggest they give up looking.
"Look." She pointed to a clump of brambles.
He shrugged and shook his head. "I can't see anything."
"There. About ten yards out." She ran to the edge of thick growth.
He stepped up next to her and squinted into the darkness. Strained his eyes to focus and saw the two pinpricks of red light and knew it was the demon's eyes tossing back the light of the moon. "Yeah, I think I see it."
"Go get it," she ordered.
He was fed up with her ordering him around. "If you want it, go get it yourself."
She shoved the open bore of the shotgun into his belly and gave him a push. "Time's a wasting."
"Not a problem." He felt safer hidden in the thick vegetation. He took a step away from her. A few bubbles whisked by his head. What was it with those rednecks and bubbles, anyway? The contrast was so blatant.
"What in the hell?" asked Sammie as she swatted one. A few more bubbles whisked by.
They both turned and faced the road, but couldn't see anything in either direction.
"We'd better get out of here," said Nathan, "before they show up like the unfriendly neighborhood welcoming committee."
"Not without the Road Demon. Go get it. One of us has to be on the road. I'll go wait for you."
"Fine." Nathan wheeled around, pointing himself in the direction of the demon. At one point, the thorny growth seemed impossibly thick. Growing up in Texas, he'd encountered a thicket more than once, and he'd quickly learned that you go over it not through it. Taking careful steps, Nathan stepped on the vines at root level and mashed them down as he went along. It was a slow process.
"What's taking so long?" Sammie shouted.
"Keep your shirt on," he shouted back. Even though he'd wondered a time or two what she'd look like with it off, the thought fled his mind when he stumbled upon the hood resting upright in a briar patch. Wonderful, he thought. The devil head grinned back as bubbles that survived the briars drifted around him.
"You'd better hurry!" she yelled out.
Nathan ignored the thorns that tore at his clothes and skin as he ripped the evil looking thing off the hood and returned to where Sammie stood.
She grabbed the grinning head and shoved it in the bag. They headed toward the finish line.
The roar of an engine approached from behind. They both spun around. Headlights winking through the trees was surrounded by a flickering blue glow. A squatty, beach buggy raced into the clearing. Through the glare, Nathan saw tendrils of blue lightning whipping around and he heard the crackle of electricity. "What the hell?" he asked. What in the hell was right. The lightning came from a large, mushroom shaped terminal fixed atop the hood. It had to be those two hillbilly misfits in another hoodlum mobile.
"Come on," he said. "Get off the road." He reached out to grab her.
"No!" She pushed his hand. "We'll lose."
As the hotrod sped toward them, they split like bread and butter.
He'd swear that every molecule in his body lit up like a light bulb before the ribbon of electricity knocked him to the ground. They'd been tazed.
He lay there while his body rebooted so he could move again. The ground shook beneath him. He raised his head and stared past his feet in disbelief. A new mind-boggling contraption came over the rise.
It was a crane. A bright light affixed to the top of the boom illuminated a giant marionette of a little girl with hair made of rope. Charles Ray sat on top of the thing's head and held a strand in each hand like reins. Bugs swirled in the umbrella of light. In a movie, it would have been comical, but in reality, it was a horrifying sight.
Sammie!" he cried out.
She stirred.
"Get up, Sammie."
She groaned and looked at the spectacle, but her eyes were glazed.
As the giant automaton continued its ungainly walk toward them, the little girl repeatedly raised her giant bubble wand and blew a stream of bubbles from her lips. In her other hand, she clutched a chain tethered to a full-sized garbage truck. The giant pulled it along behind her like a toy car.
Behind his head, Nathan heard the whine of a high-performance engine and knew it meant the lightning buggy was on its way back. He jumped to his feet and raced over to Sammie. He slapped her cheek.
She stirred.
"Get up." He slapped her harder on the cheek while keeping his eyes on the car slinging lightning bolts. It was close. He abandoned his attempt to rouse her and grabbed the shotgun at her side.
He took aim at the windshield. In his mind, he heard Prescott's sage advice, 'Don't fire until you see the whites of their eyes!' But, dammit, the driver and passenger didn't have any eyes. Four hollow sockets stared blindly from bone-white skulls. He squeezed the trigger. The windshield blossomed into a frosty, spider web pattern, but the car kept coming. Nathan was seconds away from becoming road kill. He became a terrified mind trapped in a frozen body.
A hand clamped down on his shoulder and tugged him out of harm's way. He and Sammie tumbled to the ground as a tire skimmed by his head and the sizzle of electricity crawled across his skin.
Sammie grabbed the shotgun and jumped to her feet.
By the time Nathan climbed to his, the lightning hotrod was on its way back. Like a bat out of hell, it traveled in a zigzag pattern as it sped toward them. Afraid one of the zags would plaster him across the grill, Nathan went into panic mode. "Shoot the thing!"
She raised the butt of the gun to her shoulder and looked down the barrel mumbling something about needing a night-scope and the spray pattern of the shotgun. She remained frozen like a statue.
"Shoot it!"
She didn't respond to his command.
"Just shoot the freaking thing!"
The roar of the engine filled the air and the glare from the headlights blinded him.
Sammie pulled the trigger.
Nathan heard a falsetto yelp. The voice belonged to Charles Ray.
The car careened off the road and bucked across the grass and crashed into a clump of trees.
Charles Ray stood on top of the girl's head dancing around and yelling, but his words were impossible to decipher through the growl of the crane's diesel engine. Like the prince in the gothic fairytale, Repunzel, Charles Ray clutched one of the long ropes and repelled down the giant puppet. Once the redneck's boots were planted firmly on the pavement, he rushed over to the garbage truck.
"Come on," said Sammie.
She raced over to the still running car, tore the skeleton out of the driver's seat, and tossed it to the ground. She looked back over her shoulder. "Are you coming?"
Nathan was still a bit foggy. Like a zombie obeying a command, he lumbered forward.
The garbage truck's engine fired.
"Hurry," she yelled.
Nathan pulled himself out of the stupor and raced over to the lightning buggy. It wasn't much larger than a golf cart. Sammie was already behind the wheel. He ripped the skeleton out of the passenger seat and tossed it.
"We have to find the remote control for this thing." She looked at him. "Think you can do that?"
He'd had a remote control car when he was nine or ten. He nodded his head. Not knowing what he was looking for, Nathan scanned the compartment, and when he came up with zilch, he lay down on the floorboard and looked underneath the dash. It was dark. He blindly groped through the tangle of wires until his fingers rested on a box. This had to be it.
"What's taking so long?" she growled.
Nathan tugged. A few sparks flew and he surfaced with a triumphant look on his face. "Got it." He hopped in and she tossed him the shotgun. This reminded him of a scene from The Road Warrior movie. Only this was way more exhilarating than watching it on the silver screen from the safety of a mid-row seat armed with a bucket of popcorn and extra large Coke.
Sammie raised the heel of her boot and kicked out what remained of the windshield. Then she threw the shifter into reverse. The rear tires slung grass and dirt. She straightened the wheel and punched it. She drove up on the pavement, throwing bolts of lightning, with the garbage truck on their tail.
"Won't this thing go any faster?" he asked looking back over his shoulder.
"I've got it floor boarded now," she replied. "The Tesla coil could be slowing us down."
On the dash were a row of toggle switches. He flipped them. The metal mushroom on top of the car ceased flinging lightning. "Did that help?"
"No."
The front bumper of the garbage truck kissed the rear bumper of the hotrod.
"The shotgun!" she yelled out. "Shoot!"
He twisted around and brought the shotgun up.
The truck made a little zigzag and pulled out from behind them, whipped into the left lane, and paced them. The garbage truck was old and grease splattered. On the side, spray-painted red letters branded the truck la kooky racha.
Nathan stood up in the seat. He was too wobbly to get a clear shot. The car jiggled across a rough patch in the road and he fought for balance.
The la kooky racha pulled ahead and Nathan followed it with the shotgun. He lay across the dash onto the hood, and with the barrel nestled against the shaft of the Tesla coil, he took aim on the rear tire of the truck. Like the opening bay doors of a warplane, the tailgate slowly lifted, but instead of bombs, a thick swarm of winged roaches took to the air. Within seconds, Nathan and the lightning buggy were covered. He pulled the trigger and the rear tires on the garbage truck exploded. Shredded rubber beat against the truck's fender wells. It began to swerve uncontrollably.
Nathan stood in the seat once more and began frantically swiping at the ghastly critters. Another bump in the road separated Nathan's feet from the seat. He dropped the shotgun and latched on to the window runner. The weapon bounced end over end and held pace for a few seconds before it fell behind. Another bump sent Nathan flying and he let out a cry of pain when he hit the pavement.
He forgot about the pain as he jumped to his feet and ripped his shirt from his body sending buttons and bugs scattering in every direction. In the middle of his swat-fest he saw a pair of headlights on the horizon. He didn't know if it was Sammie or the two brothers. He scrambled to find the shotgun and discovered the butt was splintered and the barrel bent, but he could still use it like a bat. He grabbed the iron and took a stance like a batter at the plate.
The vehicle pulled up next to him and stopped.
"Get in!" It was Sammie.
He felt a wave of relief wash over him. Nathan jumped in, she did a U-turn, and they sped away.
Ahead, in the dawn's light, Nathan could see the garbage truck parked across both lanes.
Sammie slammed on the brakes and skidded to a halt.
Ford and Charles Ray sat on top of the truck, feet dangling, like two little boys fishing off a dock on a warm summer's day.
Nathan looked at her as she stared ahead. "Now what?" he asked.
"The railroad tracks are just on the other side of that truck."
That didn't mean anything to him. He shrugged.
"The tracks are the finish line."
The sound of a train whistle sounded.
It didn't matter now, the sun would be breaking over the horizon in any minute.
"Buckle up, Nat," said Sammie. She revved the engine.
"You'll have to leave the road to go around," he replied
"Who said anything about going around? Keep your head down if you want to keep it." She punched the accelerator.
Stephen watched wild-eyed as they headed straight for the garbage truck. They were close enough that Nathan could read the surprise in the brother's eyes.
"GET DOWN!" yelled Sammie.
He ducked. Overhead, the racket of metal ripping terrified him as the windshield separated from the body and the buggy scraped beneath the garbage truck. The car emerged on the other side, but now they faced a new quandary. A fast moving locomotive was in sight.
She punched it. It was going to be damn close. The crossing gates were coming down. Nathan closed his eyes, sunk down in the seat, and covered his head with his arms for good measure. He could hear the train's powerful engine and the horn blaring coming right at them. Suddenly, he was slung against the dash when Sammie slammed hard on the brakes. By the time the car came to a stop, the grill was nestled against the crossing arm. It bowed inward. The train's engine raced by.
A hole appeared in the dash. Nathan twisted around.
With rifles aimed, the brothers stood on top of the truck. The rumble of the train masked the sound of the shots.
"QUICK! GET OUT!" yelled Nathan.
As they scrambled out of the car and raced to the front bumper, more bullets hit the car.
He heard Sammie cry out. Nathan crouched, pulling her down with him. He noticed the spot of blood on the shoulder of her shirt. Suddenly, the firing ceased. Nathan peeked over the top of the hood and watched in horror as Charles Ray clambered down the metal ladder on the back of the truck with his rifle slung over his shoulder. Nathan looked back over his shoulder. The graffiti-covered tank cars clipped along at a brisk-speed, the tracks rattled and sang out metallic squeaks and squawks. He looked back at Sammie. "We're trapped! What are we going to do?" He could hear the panic in his own voice.
She fumbled in the pouch and brought out the demon head. She stuffed it into his hand.
"What do you want me to do with this?"
The brothers were closer.
"Throw it over the train!"
He didn't have any idea what good that would do, but Nathan jumped to his feet and struck a classic quarterback pose: left arm extended straight out in front of him, right arm cocked back.
Another shot fired and his little finger disappeared from his left hand. A rhythmic geyser of blood spurted from the stump in tempo with his heartbeat. He dropped the head, grabbed the bloody stump, and clamped down hard while he danced around on the pavement, dripping blood.
Charles Ray's grin widened out into a sparsely populated chasm of decaying teeth. "Lookie lookie, two bloody cookies."
The train continued to rattle along the tracks.
Nathan stopped his dance and watched as Charles Ray pulled the switchblade. The redneck's grin grew broader as he stepped forward.
Nathan scooped up the head, and sent it sailing over the passing cars.
Charles Ray stopped to scoff. "A whole lotta good that done."
Scary boy was right about that. Nathan had expected it to blow up or at least perform the supernatural. But all it did was bounce on the pavement a few times. He turned to Sammie. She had a satisfied look on her face like the task had accomplished something. He'd question her on it, but the skinny hillbilly moved toward him with the blade. He shrank back.
You've got to conquer your fear or your fear will conquer you, his inside voice told him. He bet the little dude rattling around in his brain never had to face the sharp edge of a knife.
Charles Ray moved into striking range and Nathan performed Sammie's flying snap kick, but not with the same outcome. He lay flat on his back looking up at the grinning hillbilly.
"Lookie lookie at the karate cookie." He laughed. "You shouldn't of tried that."
Charles Ray aimed the point of the knife at Nathan's throat and came down.
Nathan planted a foot square on the hillbilly's chest as he grabbed two handfuls of shirt collar and tossed him backwards.
Charles Ray went sailing through the air with arms and legs flailing. He hit the pavement and went into a roll that sent him tumbling between a set of passing wheels. The momentum played out and he laid amid the rails. "Help me, Ford!"
As Nathan climbed to his feet, Ford kept aim on him. "Let's see how good that karate crap does against a bullet."
At his back and high overhead, Nathan heard the screech of the owl. The last car passed and he turned and stared. "Who in the hell are you?"
The clanging stopped and the crossing guards lifted.
The man smiled. "Neville Scorch." He clutched the extended handle of a travel bag at his feet. "I represent the members of the Cabal." Behind him, a patch of gray spread across the dark sky, and the moon was gone.
Charles Ray picked himself up out of the Caliche and swiped his hand through the air. "Hey, Mister Scorch."
Ford smiled. "Looks like we won again." He pointed to the sun blossoming red on the horizon.
"'Fraid not," said Sammie. "We won."
"Like hell you did," Ford replied. "You didn't cross the tracks."
"But he did," replied Sammie. She winced in pain when she pointed to the demon head near Scorch's feet.
"HA!" said Ford. "That's nothing but a hood ornament."
"It's more than that," Sammie replied. As she walked over to pick it up, Charles Ray raised his knife.
In a few short steps, Nathan was standing in front of the hillbilly. "Don't even think about it."
Charles Ray grinned back and swung the blade.
Nathan blocked the move and delivered a jab to Charles Ray's chin that made the hillbilly drop the knife and go weak in the knees.
Sammie picked the head up off the road, unscrewed the cap at the bottom, and proceeded to dump the contents.
Ford looked relieved and chuckled. "It's dirt."
"It's ashes," she replied back.
"What's the difference?" asked Ford.
The last of the ashes sifted out. "They're my daddy's ashes."
"What?" Nathan's mind tried to wrap around what he was hearing. "But the radio—"
"Ghost channel," she replied. "He was the first one to try and make the run, and these two dimwits killed him."
"Killed him deader'n a doornail." Ford grinned then he looked smug. "An' dead people don't count when it comes to crossin' the finish line."
The corner of Sammie's lips curled up into a smug grin. "There's nothing in the rules that says they have to be alive."
"Come to think of it," said Charles Ray, "she's right."
"Shut up, stupid," barked Ford.
Neville Scorch held up a hand. "She is right."
Ford stared across the tracks with a dumbfounded look on his face. "That's the stupidest thing I ever heard." Ford reared his foot back and kicked the rocks at his feet and sent them scattering.
"Them's the rules," said Nathan.
Ford glared hard at him for a second before turning to his brother. "Come on, bro, let's get outta here."
"I’ll be seeing you around, princess." Charles Ray nodded his head at Nathan. "An' you too, pansy."
The brothers turned to walk away.
"Ford," Neville called out.
He turned around.
"I'll be seeing you."
Ford chuckled and looked nervous. He turned back to Charles Ray. "Let's split."
After they were gone, Neville Scorch said, "Miss Grayson, I believe this belongs to you." He placed the handle of the case into her hand.
"Fifty fifty, right?" asked Nathan.
She shook her head.
"We had a deal, and I sure as hell did my part!"
"It's all yours." She handed it over to him. "Here."
He didn't know whether to be glad, suspicious, or what? "I don't understand. Why?"
"I got what I wanted," she said.
They heard the screech of an owl and they turned back toward the rising sun. Neville Scorch was gone. The sun floated above the horizon and the last of the night had faded away.
A mile back, Charles Ray took long strides down the road.
"Hey, bro! Wait for me." Ford waddled behind him.
Without breaking stride, the skinny brother said, "You shoulda killed her, Ford. When she beat the spider, you shoulda shot her."
Ford managed to catch up and latch on to Charles Rays' shirttail. He pulled him to a stop.
Charles Ray looked down. "We shoulda won. We win every year."
"Okay. So we lost this year. There's always next year an' the year after that."
Charles Ray wrinkled up his nose. "Smell that?" he pinched his nostrils together. "It stinks like—"
"Brimstone," said Ford.
In front of them, a hole opened in the road. Fire burned around the brim.
"Come on," said Ford. "Let's get outta here!"
They both turned to run.
"Going some place?" Neville Scorch had his arms folded across his chest and stared at them with a grin on his face. "I told you that if you ever lost there would be hell to pay."
Ford let out a nervous chuckle. "I thought you was talkin' metaphoribly." He chuckled again.
Scorch shook his head.
"Let's git," said Ford.
Both brothers spun back around.
Terror filled their eyes as the circumference of the hole widened. Black smoke and fire boiled up from the pit.
Slowly they turned back to Scorch. Ford grinned. "Haven't you ever heard of second chances?" The ground trembled. 
"Sorry, dudes," replied Scorch. "Them's the rules."
A diesel engine growled.
Charles Ray looked back over his shoulder. The hole had grown in diameter and the burning cab of truck emerged from the pit. Charles Ray's eyes rounded out big and he twisted his head back around. With a look of terror oh his face, he yelled out, "RUN!"
The air horn let out a couple of earsplitting blasts.
Ford's escape was no more than a fast-paced waddle and he quickly fell behind. He let out a scream.
Charles Ray stopped and turned around.
The grill split horizontally in the center. Sharp teeth filled the gap. A second later Ford was gone.
Charles Ray whirled back around and took off running. A second later the sound of the engine was on his heels.
Sammie stopped walking and asked Nathan, "How's the finger?"
He held up his hand and wiggled it. "Good as new. How's your shoulder?"
She pulled back her shirt and exposed flawless skin. She let her shirt fall back into place and they began walking again. "I think you're going to be late for your job interview." She looked him over. He was still shirtless and looked like he'd been in a cat fight. "I don't think they'd hire you anyway looking like that."
"I don't care. I think I'll chill for a little while and take a vacation in the Caribbean." He gave her a coy look. "Want to come?"
She smiled. "Maybe." They took a few more steps. Sammie said, "When we get back I'll teach you how to drive a truck."
"Oh, hell no!"
They both laughed.
Nathan stopped and looked back over his shoulder. He turned back around and with a wrinkled up nose, asked, "Smell that?"
She sniffed the air. "Yeah, it stinks like—"
"Brimstone."
She smiled.
He thought her grin looked a little devilish.
