 

English version (hybrid)

This is an integral Hybrid English translation.
The hybrid translation has been effected with automatic translators that, even if highly professional, they always stay also "automatic" and therefore polluted by the defects typical of these translations.  
The Hybrid version of our ebooks can be elaborate and corrected by whoever knows well the language of pertinence and that, naturally feels like doing it.  
Who will do it, further to have his own name on the cover of the new version ("Translation taken care of from… "), it will earn a quota on the sales of the ebook.  
Before risking you in the correction of a text translated in hybrid formality, you always verify that the relative elaboration is still available. If yes, book it! In this way you will have the certainty that any other can perform and to deliver the job before you, at least up to the expiration of the term of delivery pre-visa.  
Besides it is possible, that on some jobs is offered some incentives. It verifies here: http://www.quellidized.it/zedlab





Carlo Rogato

SAINT SPIRIT

Night
Saint Spirit
Copyright © 2012 Zerounoundici Edizioni
Cover: Picture by the author



PREFACE
This book is entitled Saint Spirit because Saint is the protagonist of it, because you/he/she has been completely conceived in a holy field, because the hands what time you/they are writing they belong to a humble ferryman of souls. If you had had among the hands the original manuscript, you would have skimmed through pages bathed by the rain, stained of earth and characterized by a bad handwriting, because written on uncomfortable postings what glacial plates of marble and galleries of ossari just illuminated by the weak light of forgotten lumini impolverati.
You want to forgive since of now all the lacks or the errors that you will find flowing these pages, fruit of a creative thought, lacking from whatever city frenzy and influenced by a myriad of other people's echi, from fleeting visions and from spiazzanti feelings to fior of skin. What those lightening impressions are daughters of a genuine suggestion or of a strong veggenza, both caused by the atmosphere of the place in which you/he/she has been conceived, are a doubt that the author can never eradicate from the conscience of the reader, but you/he/she is also true that he very probably you/he/she has never spent about ten times a day, for almost one decade, in a mysterious and fascinating cemetery in Milan, in which the author has seen hundreds of thousand of souls cross the threshold of the eternity. Not all the frequenters of a cemetery have however, the sensibility or simply the interest to go beyond the mere subject but, if he who give the peace to the body of a dead person sealing him/it in the naked earth, it has an advanced conscience and a serious spiritual intent, then you/he/she can perceive the dark limit where the two energy purifies he weaves. The cats of a cemetery warn the trasumanazione of the Spirits that you/they evaporate from the earth to the sky, also the crows realize and they sometimes play ugly jokes to the weak edges of Spirit of those people that have been meaningless human beings. There is an incommensurable world that perhaps all we should observe.
This book not drawn of death, anybody, to my notice, you/he/she could give a truthful description of it, at least not with the common words of a human being, to this writing has simply been given birth and baptized in the middle earth, between the life and the death.
I
A last sigh and it came within her with all the strength that its basin was able sferrare.
He/she was on then her extended, some for pure to like, some because that uncomfortable pallet didn't allow him to lie down beside the beloved one. Yes, his beloved that still seemed warm in comparison to that bed of metal. Still few times and also this other fàce that had red hot its soul would have been brought away him. It always happened so, its heart had gotten used by now to intimately tie so much and with the same transience to have to scar the pain for the abrupt abandonment. Despite this it didn't stop loving her all with the most elevated and sincere feeling that its Spirit could try. Already the first shines ricoloravano the antiseptic room that welcomed all of his/her nights, monotonous or delightful that were. You made strength, it clinged for the last time to that body with the whole most desperate rituality contained in the goodbye to a dead person and he/she dismissed him from her with a whisper of chaste love to fior of lips. From that moment in then another you/he/she would have become, a professional without face and name, an anonymous undertaker of Milan. After having systematized as from routine the body of the young woman, riempiendo of wadding the mouth and the nasal hollow, made her wear an embarrassing plastic pouch to the place of the elegant and sensual briefs that more they would be agreed upon to ornament of such a sublime body. Monstrously turned on a big lamp on the beautiful face of immovable nymph. a point of pin fer unexpectedly his/her eyes to the hiss of the insane love that still whispered him in the ears. It premised the palm of the left hand on the forehead, with the right it immediately extracted a cigarette and a cloud of smoke his it dissolved to hesitate. It ended the work from big teacher. Almost imperceptibly putting make up on that pale face, it totally turned upside-down the impression that aroused to the eyes. Before it was one dead killed that it inexorably brought the lines of the last instants of horror lived, with the jaw it bargains over, the wrinkled forehead, the poveretta almost wanted to engrave through that corruccios of so that on the skin the name written in cursive of its assassin. The soft gull of the superior lip was pressed, firm to that gum that had had the assignment to defend for all of his/her brief existence. Colei that was lent to serve as cloth to the anonymous Leonardo that operated in that cold laboratory, seemed now, the beautiful dormant in the wood, more attractive and more alive than any to be alive indeed for. What immoderate cruelty would have been that creation to the eyes of the father of the young one that, lightened by that vision, you/he/she would have started to invoke thousand times that so known name to its lips until you/he/she would not have been able to pronounce more alcunchés. 	
Saint the undertaker seated on his/her usual chair to the entry of the ardent room. It waited for the workers of the day, and when they came he/she dismissed him with a transparent smile and a sign of the head. By now they were years that from both the parts were carefully avoided. Undertakers the colleagues didn't like that to be ambiguous, bloodless, that passed whole nights with the corpses in loneliness, that had never asked to the direction to also be moved in the diurnal turnazione having all the rights of it, considering that by now it always appeared and only his/her signature on the register of all the nighttime services from a so long period that the same direction, to ascertain its mental integrity, had called him/it to back more resumptions. To mark the total breakup of the workers of the day with Saint they were the cuts on the personnel, following which it found again only permanently him to face the turn of the night. He didn't beat eyelash, it didn't change expression, any complaint, anybody application for a best economic position to forehead of the greatest load of job. Since then his/her colleagues deprived him/it also of that coffees to the macchinetta that you/they every now and then offered him, correct to feel to place with the conscience. He didn't seem not to even make case to the hostility of that group of spitfires materialists that treated human carcasses as they were sacks of potatoes, cramming the empty and passive ears of the dead ones of ferocious discussions on the rigor not datum in the derby of the evening before or on the last calendar hard of an any shows girl of the stable "television garbage."
You started fast through the long planted with trees avenue, bare of people but crowded of dying leaves that the asphalt with the typical shades of the season of the corpses fall. It greedily inhaled that air soaked with austere cold and dampness silence. Few footsteps still and it found again him on the principal road that connected him/it to the world of the alive ones. It seated on the bench. Attended few minutes and here is to come the bus of line that would have conducted him/it in the heart of the city. Gone down to the usual stop in front of the stately Gothic cathedral in Milan. Its look was fleeting to damage of that unbelievable monument of mixed beatitude to fear, and of sovrannaturale perfection. The tall steeples, the forms of that bodies and that vivid faces trapped in the bas-reliefs didn't succeed in braking that bodily stiffening and that enmeshed anxiety that the sconquassavano terribly to the arrival of the first solar rays. It didn't feel him to the sure one until when closed again behind not of itself the solid front door of dark wood of the cathedral. Not that he was a vampire, but he was so disabituato to the light of the sun that that prolonged exposure a day seemed it almost hurt his eyes and it weakened him/it extremely. Here it is finally to cross the ample central aisle! Crossed every centimeter of those sacred boundaries, with the delicate refinement of eyes gotten used to the sweetest, hidden and kept details to the sure one by the semi-obscurity, he went to sit on the usual bench, next to the console of the organ, sets under to the sixteenth-century box of right, in the darkest angle and less attended of the whole church. It loved to be next to the place where anonymous musicians to the people activated the monstrous sonorous power of those sedicimilas reeds. The majesty and the imperiousness of the organ are been conceived really with the purpose to frighten and to make prender conscience to the populace of the endless power of God. Is the enormous physical vastness of this tool, is the exaggerated massive structure of sound that it roared through his/her thousand of reeds, they were the convincing warning for destar in the whole fear toward the endless one. 
Fleeting its eyes crossed the whole zone to him surrounding. Then, with circumspection, Saint extracted from the pocket a lock of blonds hair and greedily breathed her/it. With it cheeks and lips it was still grazed benumbed by the cold. The feeling was exhilarating and to the meantime mysterious and sacred. A shiver of energy, whose source derived from every angle of the church, as if that enormous sleeping building to the sudden one had opened its four great eyes, each to the summit of every angle. Their look ultrasecolare seemed to be endowed with an almost tangible magnetism, almost visible to human eye, seeming for an imperceptible instant to stop on the face of Saint.
The power of the death.
You shook from the limbs that divinatory inturgidimento and it put again him in pocket that powerful amulet that belongs to the thick head of hair of his/her last lover. Saint, a mysterious being a great deal for whoever you/he/she had met him/it for road. Tall more than one meter and ninety, with narrow sides markedly, from the line typically adolescent, and ample shoulders to crown an imposing chest, long and strong hands and a long head of hair of corvine and smooth hair to excessively frame a pale and hairless face, almost you/he/she had not reached the maturity yet. The eyes, in their line, they were sharp as those of a cat: the eyelashes were thick, the arched eyebrows nobly and two iridium, black more than the pitch, they concealed every emotion of his to the rest of the world.
The immense Cathedral in Milan! It loved perdutamente that place, it was he/she anchors him of salvation for his/her insane soul. In that sacred site it purified his/her Spirit, he/she confessed his/her memoirs, his lived, so soaked with art, of blasfemie and of grotesque habits and few cared him to whom his really went to say, if to God, to a demon, or simply to himself; it was his/her way to make peace with the world. 
In that breakers he/she often remembered the night when the fascinating Dafne knew. The first instant in which their eyes were crossed, he was really above of her, both totally naked. You/he/she had just come her abundantly inside, without asking her permission, without not even knowing that her pits still long live. Yes, it is rather a history paradoxical that that ties Saint Black, an anonymous undertaker of the city of Milan, to the famous countess Dafne Monteghini, almost as what turns around the strangest popular legends.
You, a splendid woman quarantenne, of elevated elegance, he introduced an evening of well two years back to the morgue of square Gorini for the recognition of the body of his/her/their husband, dead breaking himself/herself/itself to insane speed against a guardrail with his/her Ferrari. When her, later a few days returned to the morgue to accompany the corpse of the poor man husband to the cemetery, still stunned for the atrocious vision of that heap of meat sanguinolento, of that swollen face horribly and swollen that only it distantly resembled to the fifty year-old beautiful man with which you/he/she had shared halves its life, it stayed amazed. The corpse that introduced her was simply sensational! 
It was the statue of an ancient divinity, from the beautiful proportionate body unequivocally abandoned nobly in elegant way. And then that face. his/her husband was ever seemed so much beautiful and radiant, not even twenty years before, when she had had the fortune to come upon him in him. More it looked at him/it more its pain turned him into an anxious sense of uncontrollable excitement. Suddenly he/she believed in all of this that that body from alive you/he/she had always wanted her to make to believe: "With the money, my dear, we are able everything, we can always escape her/it, always to do her/it frank, in whatever situation we will have our preferential road that will care to the sure one from everything."
It immediately had the visceral impulse to undress completely naked and to throw above that immovable but mighty body. All of this that succeeded in doing, however, a light caress was alone on the cheek of the dead one and the impenetrable cold that that body transmitted her it petrified her/it instantly. Churches, churches hopelessly who the administrator of the corpse of his/her husband had been. His/her usual superb attitude and detached, typical of the people of tall rank, were dissolved, its voice had a suppliant tone that embarrassed the workers of the morgue. They reported her that their colleague of the night was an extremely bashful person, perhaps dangerous. They had us to Them few to whether to do and you/they would not have known how to tell her where he/she lived and that type of life conducted. 
That powerful lady, with the means that it had available, you/he/she would have been able in a flash to know anything on the account of Saint, but he/she preferred to sensually conceive a romantic and diabolic plan in equal measure. His/her personal physician contacted and made him get an unknown potion to the modern medicine, a mixture of other times, a liquid able to stop her heart for about ten times. The same intruglio, the doctor assured her, that Juliet assumed for faking himself/herself/themselves dead to the eyes of the world, the same powerful magic that Romeo even had deceived, his/her sweet half.

II
Dafne, of humble origins, it didn't initially have the correct malice to manage in the high-ranked environments frequented by his/her/their husband. In the first times of his/her advent in the high society, in fact, the beautiful countess intensely suffered daily facing the varnished empty of those reunions, but its role imposed her that serious assignment. It was the woman of a powerful man and to her the public and worldly management of the business of his/her/their husband was up to. The superb ostentation of that society saddened her/it immensely and you/he/she had learned that the to show his/her own feelings was symptom of weakness, so he/she preferred to disguise his/her own emotions maintaining a checked behavior.
A consolatory bitterness lukewarmly wound him in to recall to the memory sentences of the "great" you learn to memory to protect from that world of sharks. Stendhal didn't perhaps say, in the "The red and the black", that: ".soltanto the fools are irritated with the others, a stone it falls heavy perch. Sar always a child? When therefore I will take the good habit to give of my soul that so much that I owe in exchange for their money to this race of people? If I want to be esteemed and from them and from myself, it needs that I/you/he/she show theirs that only my poverty treats with their wealth, but that my heart is to thousand leagues from their insolence, and situated in a tall sphere too much to be reached by the small signs of their scorn or favor." Then R.P. Malagrida didn't teach that: "The word has been given to the man because can hide its thought?" 
This motto, had initially followed her to the letter, involving himself/herself/itself from silver ware and discreet dame of class, giving smiles, beautiful words and friendly gestures to everybody, indiscriminately, also holding big part of them a mass of retrograde, devastating of the good taste. But well soon him made account that its blandishments and its affected ways didn't get some effect on that awkward bipeds, for them it was almost an obligation his to do polite in their comparisons. Opposite, these ereditieris of birth were taken the liberty to criticize her/it, to invent him histories so much for sparlare on its account, and straight someone dared sometimes take back in public her for of its a little consistent attitudes "to a lady that had had the fortune to reach that position", implying that only thanks to his/her/their husband you/he/she could frequent the crème of the society. 
Dafne despaired him confiding himself/herself/itself with his/her/their husband that, also belonging to that world, it had the very different mind from the classical stereotype of rich. He/she softly consoled her, he/she knew how to attend her/it as you/he/she would have been a father with his/her/their daughter. It was ten years old in more than her, a small difference relatively to comparison of the average of the couples of their peers, in which the man sometimes surpassed the woman of thirty or forty years, but in that moments he assumed a way to do so much thoughtful and comprehensive to seem the grandfather of that small trembling creature that welcomed among the braccias. He/she explained her with an endless patience that she would have owed distant tener his/her emotions, his/her sincere impulses and his/her ideas from the public worldliness, and that, also seeming situations of relaxation, those parties, suppers and evenings among friends they were of the real reunions of business in which were stipulated alliances, agreements and equilibriums that would have influenced then the whole economy of their empires. You getting married was become him/it the queen of the kingdom of the Monteghinis that, of generation in generation, you/he/she had reached his hands. When it encircled among the braccias his/her docile bride, it whispered her to the ear:
"You are the queen, performance your role of supreme commander, uses your acuteness of spirit for vain render their efforts to make you appear inadequate, it uses the them same weapons to turn her to your advantage. Be friendly and kind, but maintain you in the same instant detached and haughty; these are the best ingredients to manage the high society! Assuming a frowning expression of boredom in the respects of the arrogant you will enact your sure victory on that annoying interlocutors, that will appear awkward and stupid to the themselves eyes." 
It changed. The suggestions of its man and its unusual intelligence put an end to the frustration had been inducing for those worldly times. Once drawn out, its fingernails became the sharpest and the more feared in all the respectable living rooms of the new aristocracy. Of those important evenings of galà the countess Dafne Monteghini became the undisputed queen, crowned by his/her usual expression from "excess and boredom", typical insignia of his/her rank. Among his/her guests she always distinguished him to be the tigress, colei that with acute looseness he/she knew how to criticize that full bignès of money, he/she knew how to find the defect, an any yielding in each of them, for sferrare his/her attack and vivacizzare the saloon with the echo of the laughs of those people that you/they at that time had escaped the prickly pun, and of the unlucky person to which the stab was touched and that, not to give the impression to the gentlemen and the present ladies to have been stricken in the alive one - thing that would rather have been of bad taste, since an individual of the superior sphere of the society had as before quality the being always detached and unassailable from everything - you/he/she laughed so strongly to cover all the others with his to bluster that reached, to lines, especially in the dames, the typical hysterical rice of the desperation.
To the conclusion of an evening in which she had been worthy of the most scheming living room of the Tolomeis, Dafne you/he/she was still strutting himself/herself/itself proud of his/her performance with his/her companion, when this last admonished him with a tone of false reproach.
"My dear, bushels becoming worse and astute than Lucrezia Borgia, I start to also fear for myself."
And her, him smiling and making him the purrs as a tigress that he fakes cat:
"My beloved, my powerful person Emperor, what effects with the others I have learned him in toto from your boldness in to manage the world and you/he/she can never twist him against you, six you that you establish the laws of this abode."
And him, protecting ahead her a look that tried to perforate her body to read her soul, it said: 
"My sharp jewel, yours to say almost seems me a game of words. Max Stirner said that "the wish of the dominator is law. To that they serve you your laws if nobody observes her, to that they serve you your commands if nobody performs them?""
You immediately assumed a wounded air.
"When I have ever contradicted publicly you?"
"You never meet yourself with me, you are more cunning, you trick me mellifluous and everything goes according to your plans."
"Oh no, Charles, this cannot tell him/it of certain! What I push for my ideas because sometimes holds her more consistent to one determined situation, this yes, but that always do him as me I say, is not quite true! You are the man, the strength in our duality, and I cannot absolutely win you because, as Stirner says, "strength precedes the right.""
He smiled at her, fierce to have such a perspicacious damsel to his/her side, and it confirmed her:
"Yes, it precedes the right. but, my very beautiful devoted, reach your purposes you never cross a right path, always proceed of sbieco and precede me!"

III
Dafne, the famous evening before the plan that would have changed her life, it didn't have the suit control on itself. It was all in his/her heartbeat, bellows and ears they were only passive boxes of resonance for the greatness of that ancestral hits that you/they originated from her breast. She was incredulously subdued to that emotional ocean that invested her/it; even his/her ways, always exaggeratedly artificial and measuredly staid, they rippled him, they were made tortuous and they cracked his usual crystalline vocalità. Words pronounced too strongly stumbled before just on those said, you stammer and trembling. Lost his/her rational faculties, abandoned the worldliness of his/her living room frequented from "intoxicated penguins impaled by the themselves tuxedo, full of money up to the hole of the culo, so much that the merda has been forced to put her/it to him in head. and those damsels made up that they fake to be, in front of their maritinis, white timorous colombine, and that in them absence they devour cazzi with the same speed that has in the spender money!". Just these were the exclamations that went out her of mouth dismissing himself/herself/itself from that crew of idiots. Fortunately his/her butler had the adroitness to close before not the heavy door of the corridor, however, to have bumped volutamente a pyramid of wine glasses in crystal that shattered him on the floor with a spine-chilling boato that invested the room of the guests in the hope that this covered her exclamations of his/her lady. 
In his/her bed to canopy the woman quivered to the idea to wake up him and to find himself/herself/themselves put make up on as you/he/she had been him/it the enchanting Cleopatra VII in his/her mausoleum, tidied up in the same way of the faraonis Egyptians. Only that the beautiful queen had not had the same fortune that to her you/he/she would have been up to, of rimirar with what luxury and charm you/he/she would be introduced to the presence of the Death. And then its actual condition was surely better than that in which Cleopatra poured just before to die, killed him together with his/her two slaves, Iras and Carmion, through the bite of a poisonous snake. The splendid queen had run into the death after the defeat of his/her last love, Anthony, after the death of his/her/their children, and after a breve but devastating period of imprisonment near the emperor Ottaviano. It had a quiver to consider to the fate of the divine queen which her so much was inspired. Thousand times you/he/she had relived the play of Cleopatra immedesimandosi in that historical and legendary figure at the same time. You imagined for the nth time the breast of the more aspired lover of the antiquity, covered by the wounds inflicted him of his/her hand for the desperation caused by the death of Anthony. Ottaviano had seen her stretched out on a modest pagliericcio, with the ruffled hair, overpowered by the scorching fever sews together for the infections of those wounds. oh, poor invincible woman, had happened her there that any to be female was able not to see how the worse one I incubate!
His/her doctor had assured that the artist of the morgue would have been put to the current one to owe only her to dress and to put make up on, using only artifices that didn't absolutely notch the inside of his/her body and the respiratory streets. In that bed Dafne realized that you/he/she would totally be found naked and not conscious in the hands of an extraneous that would have touched her, you/he/she would have been able to look him under every angling without brakes neither inhibitions. That thought made her/it blush as a child to the first interrogation to school, but then a hot flash of heat freed him from its abdomen. It started to touch, as it didn't do from perhaps ten years.

Saint staggered as soon as on the knees it took back conscience of itself. From his/her position in knee, repurchasing the clear use of the sight, him the usual enormous wall of books protected ahead him that entirely covered one of the four sides of its studio apartment. On the right it saw his/her electronic posting again, the free sheets, shed on the floor, open books on batteries of other books from the gloomy headings, in Latin, German, Jewish, dressed again of worn-out skin and consumed, of ancient dating a great deal. For an instant Saint was surprised when it noticed the pentacolo of bluish light that surrounded him/it; then plain pian remembered everything. It got up to work from that unnatural position. Its body had perhaps been times planted there, inanimate and rigid as a bronze statue as a dead body. During those circumstances he totally lost the human conception of the time, it became Spirit, able to go wherever. Saint was what the ancient ones you/they would have defined a wizard. That numerous years passed in voluntary exile by the rest of the human beings, you/they had brought him to increase immensely his to know on the hidden one and his/her ability of concentration for the realization of magics that, by now they had, of big long overcome the classical trucchettis that the common beings usually call "magics."
The art that more it loved and that at the same more time it it was the ability to separate his/her Spirit from the body and to make him/it hover through the sacred tides of the Unio Mystica, where the time, the space, the dimensions and the past, present and future people remixed him, filling whatever distance could intervene among them and demolishing any logical wall that would inevitably have separated them. It was everything to course of hand, united together, but at the same time every monade of that everything was fully autonomous and independent. Saint was perfectly aware of the extreme dangerousness of that astral trips, the risk to lose in the endless one and not to succeed in returning back anymore was extremely concrete. Of however he was lavished in that years to sharpen the stratagems to protect his/her individuality avoiding to be swallowed by the beatitude of the pure spirituality more and more. Even if it dealt with beatitude, the case was not certain to definitely abandon its body when it was still in perfect health and able to give him the precious terrestrial emotions of which it was greedy. He/she knew well by now a lot that, before becoming Spirit, you/he/she had to still tie to a terrestrial, to a thing that would not have been able to forget in that non material condition and that you/he/she would have allowed him to maintain a crumb of conscience of itself bringing back it the first possible. It is really arduous thing a great deal to explain without being misunderstood what means to become Spirit. The people that the meditation practises are able approximately, whether not to understand, at least to realize what you provoke in a being to transcend to Spirit. The meditatore, when it enters state of trance, it has as the impression to go out of his/her own body and to wander through galaxies, epochs, and street talking. This is only a feeling. Him, through a vision clairvoyant, realizes the worlds and the external dimensions to ours and him you/he/she emotionally surrenders to this mirage. When the apprentice of meditation sees himself or better his/her body from out, in reality incappa in a deceptive game of mirrors, because he to the effects keeps on staying in his/her own body, you/he/she is simply the eye of the mind to imagine to see him through a mirror that has really on the head.
Since the dawns of the human history, thanks to the wizards and the sciamanis of the prehistoric era up to reach the modern occultists of our epoch as Steiner, Spallet, Crowley and many others, magic formulas, rites and sabba they have succeeded thin to reach the most modern techniques of meditation to let the common people of the invisible threads that our psyche ties to the Spirit that sovra-determines her/it to take conscience. This also gives the possibility to the profane to experiment the idea of Spirit, but it is rightful to underline the obvious narrowness of the experience considering that it concerns only his/her idea; as to say, goes to the museum of the prehistory to have an impression of thing they were the dinosaurs. The teachers of the soul reveal us the necessary conditions to be able to come into contact with what it is beyond our aware part to improve the confinements of the wisdom. It is obvious that in our subconscious there is a conscience and a to know vast than in our small rational brain, a knowledge dictated by the millennial ultra earth that there sfama, from our Dna that ties our lines and our cells to the most ancient dynasties of the stock of the men. Here that if we connect us to this the clairvoyance it is born, the intuition of the things that nobody has ever told us, that I/you/they are happened or that they are about to happen. However we only realize her. They are so vague things that, to perceive her, needs the absolute silence, of an iron discipline to increase our concentration, of an enormous sensibility and receptive ability to also warn then that messages through the intuition and possession the oratorical ability to transform them in the form of word with a finished sense. Everything this happens to the fortunate ones that possess these qualities, even if at times they have even a Royal awareness of the whole inside job that completes the really me to propose him those intuitions.
As it regards the discourse on the ability to really become Spirit, that is a to be conscious that it stirs and it autonomously experiments, to put aside from the body from which has come, the thing is different rather. This enormous and terrible ability, that almost nobody nearly knows, and that for the note the inventors of techniques of meditation, some occultists and wizards really understand, it has inherent in itself a divine potentiality that often disintegrates the body or worse still the soul of whom experiments her/it. Those people that you/they know the procedures and the spells to activate her/it, the ninety percent of the times you/they have never lived her, they limit him to understand her/it and this already gives them an unimaginable power.

IV
It rained to I hijack when, toward the nineteen, a long black automobile of American brand, pull to shiny, dark glasses, crossed the long avenue planted with trees that it brought to the plaza of the morgue. The leafy branches of the oaks bent under him to the dense wind that contributed to worsen the fall of those icy drops and that foreshortening of sky to make still more leaden that was glimpse in the middle of the tops of the trees, perfectly parallel to the underlying road, that stared at her/it with its impassive look. This time, however, seemed it almost had an eyebrow arched for the disappointment. You was consuming an insult and the blue top of the sky above the deadly heads it didn't admit that him around his/her inhabitants took, the pierced ones. 
Four bears disguised by men went out of the door on the back of the cortiletto of the morgue, the big auto it already had the wide open back hatch. The quadrupeds extracted the metallic coffin from the auto and they leaned her/it on the cart, under to the vigilant eyes always of the driver, of the personal doctor and of the butler of the countess. The four workers dragged the cart over the door and they disappeared crossing a long white corridor, antiseptic, illuminated to neon. While the three companions of the countess hastened for reaching the workers, a fifth individual sprouted from a door on the side of the corridor, beginning with a monotonous and metallic voice.
"Good evening gentlemen, can kindly sit down in the office for the documents?"
The three, cultured to the unprovided one, they obeyed despite. While the doctor hurried the various practices, the butler drew near to the driver.
"I don't like at all this insane idea of the lady. Know her/it alone, inactive and with around that zulù, does me really to turn the balls!it " said, almost grinding the teeth.
"We wait for a few minutes and without getting noticed we fork the corridor and do we give a glance ok around?quickly the driver " beat.
"Ok" the other responded.
The four workers, meanwhile, had already opened the provisional metallic coffin and unthread the sheet that apparently covered the lifeless body with Dafne. They were very happy of the free show, rather paid him, which you/they assisted. A beautiful woman, pale, with smooth skin, generous and round breasts, with the pink nipples that looked in on, sides sinuously rounded off, astute, muscular and long legs and that lock of hair attractively curled drawn around the pube. They didn't succeed in seeing other, the face was a secondary accessory of little importance.
"How exemplary of female!the first one " exclaimed, with already the hands sunk above both the breasts.
"Is warm!it lasciviously " whispered the most elderly having already made to disappear two fingers among the pubic hair.
"From the, repugnant, do you want her/it chiavare now also?the more youth " began.
"Not to say cazzate, would not draw near never me to a piece of meat that inside you/he/she is already decaying. Only that if don't joke some us that are the only two alive. voialtri are worse of the corpses in the refrigerator! replic the old one, letting the companion noisily sneering "palpatore."
They inserted the corpse, oddly not yet perfectly rigid, in the freezer and they closed the heavy counter of the cell. Few instants, and the door opened wide him on the corridor. The driver and the butler protected from now on him to them. 
"Oh, is cazzo, crazy? You have made me take a hit. What do you do us here?it " said the elderly one.
The butler immediately understood that the countess was already to his/her place.
"You excuse, we looked for the bath and there are lost."
"After all to the right" it said the more youth dismissing them with an aggressive look. 
The dice were launched. The idea most insane of the countess Dafne, stupendous eccentric quarantenne, libertine and eclectic, it was by now is given birth and delivered to the external world. The developments would have been so unpredictable, how much terrible.
Doctor Mosa didn't succeed in thinking to other. It had quarantacinque years and it was friend of the family Monteghini from almost fifteen; to their strangeness you/he/she had accustomed there, but this last folly of the countess was appalling rather. The loss of his/her/their husband had given her an authentic pain, but also a total liberation from the last ones, few brakes that it was still set. It was now only a rich heiress, worn out from the pain, that didn't have to give account to anybody anymore. He had had to accept his despite to become accomplice of that plain blasphemer, and it absolutely was not for a matter of money. Mosa, as after all the large majority of the men that you/they turned around Dafne, had been attracted at first by the natural eros that she spontaneously transmitted up to fall in love perdutamente of its person. The doctor, was initially very more legacy to her husband, with which you/he/she shared games to sweater, to poker, the classical suppers in family and the secret vices of the high society, included the prostitutes of tall rank. Very beautiful and experienced girls that didn't wait anything else other than to be commanded. Together the two men were found again even to share the same bed with three or four fresh nymphs that rolled him and they were lasciviously granted sickest applications to theirs.
Up to that. up to that a beautiful day, as of habit, the doctor entered the room of entry of villa Monteghini, churches to the butler to be announced to the count and, after few minutes him the countess ahead Dafne protected him, wound in an adherent and sensual black suit from big galà. Its white skin made so much contrast with the black of the fabric that seemed him to see clouded, as if around the naked parts of the beautiful body a golden bright it mysteriously wound him.
"Good evening doctor Mosa, fears to give her a disagreeable news, but my husband has departed of urgency for a bargain. Can I assuage at least a few the boredom and the bother caused by the annulment of his/her next plans, considering that by now it is here, granting her my modest company, correct to consume an appetizer together?"
He/she perfectly remembered still every single word of their dialogue.
"If it is so, I am not able whether to totally put again me in his/her hands, that then, to well to look, seems me divine" he/she answered smiling smiling more and more.
Her the takings sottobraccio and they were started through the labyrinth of corridors and immense rooms that composed the symphony of that huge villa. Reaches a room, with lights soffuse, furnished with slacker of red velvet, black carpet and violet walls, she pushed him/it on an armchair in front of a round bed, also it red purple. To that point, with a thread of voice the countess whispered point-blank to the doctor. 
"The skill of those docile girls that my husband and she frequented it is such to make you believe that to the alone world the paid women are the best companions in the bed?"
"As? His/her husband and I. never! prov to stammer him.
"I tell her that my husband is an egoist and you/he/she is not even a refined person gourmet as you/he/she regards the eros and the sex. I assure her that I am a sensational courtesan, such a lascivious woman and libertine to make to lift up the hair, and they am not those, to whoever still succeeds at least to breathe."
Surprising him/it with such dare words, you pronounce slavishly maintaining a voluptuous smile, with nonchalance it allowed to fall, as for magic, the narrow fabric that wound him. He from that moment would always have remembered her and only so, with the beautiful sinuous and pale body and that eyes of fire, thirsty of lust. While it was already getting up from the armchair to launch him on that female, he/she totally saw to appear from behind a curtain a naked young fellow, that Dafne grabbed with definite voluptuousness. You, tame, it abandoned him on the bed, it opened wide the legs in front of his/her unbelievers eyes of doctor by now little polish, for then to see him deprived of that paradisiacal vision from a pair of athletic legs of male that started to frantically pump the wife of his/her good companion of adventures.
This which assisted to open mouth was an essay of such mastery and female perversion, that you/he/she would have been easier to quote what you/he/she was not happened on that bed. He reached a strong orgasm without not even grazing him. Ended the performance, the male disappeared as you/he/she had come. The beautiful countess, still more attractive and fascinating than before for sex's odor consumed that it had on and for that childish blush that painted her the face, absolutely incompatible with the lubricity and the disinibizione with which you/he/she had practised positions and lustful actions, it drew near him with the attitude of a ready panther to attach. Still naked, it seated on the armchair next to his, it removed from his lips the tenth cigarette that the doctor he was smoking in that room and it inhaled deeply. 
"My darling I, regret beautiful doctor to never have been invited to one intimate of his I find again, is be liked me to face his/her eccentricities abandoned on a comfort end bed. oh, but him done late! It owes me really to excuse, but I have to hurry an infinity of business of all the types, and I cannot stop with her anymore."
In that instant it opened the door and it entered the butler.
"I beg gentleman, I make her road."
You were still naked, smiled.
"George, accompanied once the gentleman he/she returns here, we are busy a lot.
They still his hands and it was still excited to consider to that episode. In the time the countess had given him pearls of refined eros, that varied crossing all the fields of the sphere of the mental excitability; yes, because she confined to visually recreate only and to inebriate with the more turned on humors the places of their meetings, without not even making to be grazed by him. He knew to totally be in her hands and it was not ashamed at all, rather it was happy of it.

V
Beep! The monotonous sound of the badge told the colleagues of its entry in the white corridor of the morgue. Saint smiled them.
"Good evening connects."
"Hi Black. Tonight you have only a corpse, we go."
The mechanics voice of the youngest colleague, the only one that he/she still spoke to him, it informed him/it on the job. Point. From that moment in you/he/she would not have heard anymore then any human voice. He/she wore the white white uniform, it tied him the beautiful corvine hair and, cigarette to the mouth, opened the counter of the freezer 1. It made to flow the cart and it bursted to cough.
"My God, beautiful queen of the nymphs, that does here us?"
He talked to all the unarmed bodies with which it was found to share the night of that room.
"You are not common, you still know about ambrosia, of nectar of the gods, that is characteristic essential of the immortality of the life without shade of death."
It sniffed her, or it breathed afoot better afresh her.
"You bewilder me to you, you tell me that you are here for me, that it is not the death to have made to enter here you inside, but the interest in to know me. But is this an absurdity, thing you can ever know of it of me?"
It was not a visionary, it didn't hear nonexistent voices in the brain that you/they answered to his/her questions. He knew that the Spirit was tightly tied to the odor, and that in the fresh corpses it slowly abandoned the body through the pore of the skin and meanwhile it communicated its instants of living ex-person, its tastes, its aspirations, its charisma. All the consciences of the dead souls, as soon as trasumanavano from the body where you/they had resided, they deluded him to be still alive and they communicated with Saint believing to still adopt the classical human systems of the five senses. They saw sessions in front of him in a room, to ask him who never pits, and because the next relatives didn't turn anymore suddenly them the word. It was him to create the places for that dialogues. It dressed the various souls that night was followed after night with the alone strength of its mind and the consciences of these, confused and benumbed by the death, they allowed to deceive from the visions that he showed them. Its way to do was a way to prepare that Spirits to the death, to the passage from the kingdom of the subject to that of the abstract. Caronte, the ferryman of the Averno, was not the solo to cross the forgetfulness of those dark waters to pierce those people who didn't belong to the world of the alive ones anymore.

And here toward us venir for ship
An old man, white for ancient hair,
shouting: "Troubles to you, souls prave!
Not isperate never veder the sky:
the' vegno to lead you to the other shore
of it the eternal darkness, in warm and 'n I freeze."

(It divines Comedy, Hell, verses 82 -87.)

Saint, however, as he it was not rough and grim, it behaved more from modern psychologist with those shaky shades. You/he/she had supplanted, at least for those few souls that had had the fortune to meet him/it, the metaphoric role of Caronte which, with coarse vehemence and without a minimum of touch, it tortured those poor shades that you/they still thought about being able to tremble and that they didn't understand at all that abrupt passage of dimension. The occultist, in a deeper state of the trance same, connected him to that wandering Spirits and it prepared them to face that important trip. But this time something stunned extremely Saint. When he started to communicate with the Spirits, it did him/it through the sixth sense, the intuition. Then all of this that perceived had then to turn him/it into a message that the rational mind and his/her five senses of physical person you/they could decode. Only when it decided to detach from the body to become Spirit, adopting the same identical parameters of the pierced ones, it placed on her/it them same wavelength and all it became clear, as if a whatever human being in meat and same bones interacting with him. 
In the cold room of morgue it had under to his/her eyes this orchid of woman with a soul that not only it was convinced to be still long live, but that it seemed him pits so tied up to that body to be communicated through the golden one that this emanated. Straight she had climbed over the usual ritual of Saint to directly communicate with his Spirit without any preamble. The man seated then beside that body, closed the eyes and you/he/she started to sound the deepest angles of his/her intuitive mind.

.in a bead of red velvet, had abandoned on a soft golden pillow. You, the beautiful woman, naked in front of him, it smiled at him.
"My good evening beautiful prince, has come to reawaken me?"
"Ave, stupendous empress. Alas, I would passionately desire your awakening to share this earth with your harmonious features, but unfortunately me the heart breaks him in to owe to reveal you a tragic fact for me, how much innovative and positive for you."
"Thing you must ever tell me of so terrible for you? We don't know at all each other, but you already belong to the most intimate sphere of my being, that up to a little while ago I ignored even."
"My dear, your charm now belongs to other dimension. You don't fear to abandon this body, because so much the beauty you will bring you her I approach and it will be eternal. Before you will decide to look aloft and to push you over the forgetfulness, and before you will taste the joy to hover fast on the everything that is not anything by now for you. Is here more, more your torments will be turned into powerful anchors that won't allow you craved him leap toward the sky which you will inhale, among some time, with all you same" it said him with to do calm but peremptory.
"That you ever say, I am alive, more alive than you that to lines you have the golden one that escapes your body for then to return you. I am here because I have craves to experiment you, I spur you to experiment me!"
It decreased the opening of his/her eyelids and his/her eyes they became those of a cat, with the so sharp look to remove the breath. You abandoned on the velvet in earth and smiled how come to anybody you/he/she had seen to do.

Saint struck with the temple the edge of the cart of metal, so its fall from the chair, besides sudden, it was unpleasantly also painful. It got up of release, forgetful of the pain, and it apparently fixed that inactive body. The vision just lived in its intimate had him/it shattered. Had not absolutely gone in astral! Having simply had the impression that its intuition had been deceived by the Spirit that trasumanava by that body, that still faked him the golden one of a living person, you/he/she had required to a deeper part of its intimate to illuminate him the matter. It was now before even more esterrefatto of. Usually, for the Spirits that pierced, it created an ideal place, so that you/he/she could more softly accompany then them possible verse the other dimension. Those usual images were as you fade, to read. He drove those particles of Spirit that transmigrated from the body, it gathered her together and almost him same it helped her to express the them same wish. This time he was found again in front of a complete soul, strong, that any trauma was not living for the passing. That soul had created it same the place of their meeting and already had one total autonomy of his, as if had telepathically communicated with one peer of his, made of meat and bones!
It went out in the corridor to smoke. It reflected for a long time on that experience. You/he/she could have of forehead a possessed body and, once died the legitimate owner, the Spirit that shared that abode, still there inside, not having suffered the passage from the life to the death, it was still in the full possession of his/her powers and it made fun of of him. In the meantime who knows that torments it crossed the poor soul still trapped in that body, with a demon as sharpens. In that case he absolutely had to separate the destiny of those two entities detaching her from the subject that it tied her together. Definite. With his/her same smile that tickled his lips, you/he/she would have done what that vision you/he/she had asked him. To make the love with a demon that the parasite did in an extraneous body to illegitimately taste the pleasures of the subject entangled him/it and it excited him/it perdutamente. The ghost didn't absolutely know with whom had to whether to do, he knew a lot of secrets to imprison or to sweep far away a soul, was perfectly found to his/her ease to wander in astral and in more you/he/she had the strength to have a living body to his/her service that protected him/it chaining him/it to the material dimension. 
It reentered in the room, he directed toward that authentic body of fairy that contained in itself the conscience of the eros and the sex.
"Eccomi again here for you, stupendous creature. Anything you are, I will grant every your application with the most sincere voluptuousness and immense appetite for that pale velvet that dresses again you."
Finished saying this, it was already naked. It passed lips and language, alternating her, on the whole surface of that cold body that almost seemed to revive for an instant, trembling as soon as. Few instants and his/her ardor of passionate man it flowed in a furious penetration of that immovable Egyptian goddess. It frantically pumped arching the back and contracting the muscles of the gluteis for the effort and, to the top of the pleasure, when its seed and all of its energy materialized him in that abundant seminal liquid, the two eyelids sealed of the corpse under of him opened showing two deep black eyes, wide open for the amazement and for the terror together. 
The heart of Saint for an instant stumbled, its pulsations they crossed, they were stopped few instants, then they were ventured in a frantic run that he/she almost killed him/it. You, pale, still disoriented, nothing didn't understand for quite a lot minutes. That immovable and naked man looked, you/he/she strove him to understand where you/he/she was, who pits. Were you naked? It warned a feeling of unbearable cold, and when him made account that that cold originated her from inside, you/he/she was taken by a dismay madman. The fear wound him and suffocated her/it, and only the most desperate instinct of survival made her open mouth.
"I pray you, embrace me, I am so much cold."
The voice that went out of her lips contained fragrances of defenseless young girl and an acute point of desperation that would have made to kneel even the haughty of the kings. In front of a similar so necessary application for that I still exhale of echoing woman in the room, Saint was reawakened by that paralysis that it held him/it suspended between the life and the death and without thinking it made the thing most natural that a man could do for serving a lady in danger. You stretched above her, entwined around the beautiful body with the whole surface of which it prepared and it protected her/it with the whole love that gushes out from a to be short-lived for his similar, with the whole tenderness and the strength of a thoughtful father for the only his/her daughter. 
They kissed, they were tightened mute. She cried storming in roaring hiccups that tortured her the breast and him he/she drank from her breasts that torments and it calmed her/it. 
"I love you" it said him "you represent everything the impossible of my terrestrial life, six the amazement for he who everything knows." 
She sank the face in the neck of Saint, it tortured him/it with the levità of languid alternate kisses to ferocious bites, greedily sucking him/it. The female hysteria without hesitations, without control, that need of mantis, of devourer of men, as much as the childish desperation of a frightened child was present that wanted to melt with the fatherly braccias. The two antithetical passions melted him in an only motion and they resolved him in the intoxicated ardor of an univocal pulsation, blood toward the bassoventre, that turned her/it into an excited animal. Dafne opened the legs to that stranger and exhorted him/it, touching his sex with feverish hands, to penetrate her/it. This time the embrace, fed by both that bodies injected of dionisiaca folly, exploded with an assembled emotional man by to leave the two deprived lovers of senses.
The room is night.
The air is alive, it breathes.
Eros and Thanatos experiment the truce.
It was him the first one to open the eyes. It fixed his/her hands her hands. There was everything, that body, that incommensurable spell that had him/it abducted to his/her esoteric ratiocination. Now he was completely awake and shiny and its implacable conscience was thirsty of explanations. It slightly bumped her shoulder with a hand and it fixed that face that plain pian revived him. 
"Who six? What does everything this mean?"
You repurchased his/her lucidity and with it his/her nature of woman of elite. Smiling haughty and superb as embodied Osiride, said: 
"Well Saint, has been me to desire this meeting and, as you have already had the opportunity to ascertain, hate the uses and the conventional customs that people adopt for reaching a purpose. I am the widow of the count Monteghini, that millionaire that broke him in auto two months ago totally undoing himself/herself/itself, to which then you magistrally gave back an aspect of such noble corpse not to seem so much beautiful even from alive. After his/her death you/he/she had been born in me the total obsession of as I would have presented the day of my funeral. Would I have succeeded in being still the fascinating woman that I/you/they am? No, not to misunderstand me, realizes already the disgust from your look. I absolutely am not a superficial person that essentially minds the aesthetics, my self is totally in the depth of anything. I need estremizzare any event, whatever idea or desire me you look out upon him before. It is the classical illness of all the rich people, only that I don't accumulate objects as they do certain well-off, but events, emotions, tears of existence, of any type. What has happened here, however, is an unexpected event of the matter. I have assumed a poison that would have had to make me seem dead up to tomorrow's afternoon and I has entrusted me same the doctor to warn not to practise you on my person any type of job invasivo, limiting you to the mere makeup that your hands divinely create. I wanted stupendous apparir for the guests to my funeral, that is organized already as it was one day of frill, and I wanted to have the privilege to reawaken me from that depth sleep and to dismay the whole dull public of the high society; I wanted mirar the beauty that I would have been able to offer in gift to the death, if I/you was never aroused me. Does it seem yourself insane all this?"
Saint listened to him to open mouth. It was the first time that a human being surprised him/it so much. He/she quickly answered.
"Insane? My enchanting dame, has illuminated me with your vicissitudes, I can now afford to say that your projects won't absolutely be stopped by my person. Considering that this your extravagance entangles extremely me, I want to participate you with the whole ardor. Before, however, I want to disclose you a secret that will make you understand better the magic transformation of a body that passes under to my cares. The treatment, as superficially you/he/she can seem, it is not imputable not at all to one some skill in to treat a body a face. This ability of mine to extract the sublime from an inanimate body works to a deeper height of the sphere of the subject. Just before to have you alarm clock among my braccias, I have communicated with your unconscious and to that point I have realized the anomaly that concerned around your extended body there, apparently lifeless. You must know that the soul of a dead individual trasumana from the dead body."
Her eyes still stared at him/it incredulous although her, in his/her cuor, he/she believed in every single word that was revealed him by that magic man. Its mouth opened genuine and spontaneous.
"Trasumana?"
"Yes" the masculine steadiness of the voice of Saint quickly responded "trasumana is a term used by the occultists to refer to that determined transformation that separates the subject of the man that belongs to the mineral world from the Spirit that curtains toward the spiritual dimension. We could also say that the Spirit transudes from the body, it evaporates, and even though you cross an enormous cataclysm that gives him the impression to live a nightmare without end, he/she still succeeds in communicating the emotions and the thoughts, convinced to keep on conducting his/her own existence in the terrestrial condition. I accompany upward simply this fragile Spirit, the free one fondly from all the doubts that torment him/it, that hold him/it tied up to the body. It in change allows me in gift the features of a body that you/he/she has already entered harmony with his/her new condition of simple inorganic subject and he doesn't contract more to reject the advent of his/her breakup; this way it will be extremely malleable and easily mouldable. Having emptied him/it from all the controversies and the attrition that expand as soon as him in every fabric to arrive some death that dethrones the life, this body he will decompose very more quickly, and the odor of the putrefaction won't reach the usual nauseating levels characteristic of this chemical trial. This is my secret. I have explained you a lot to great lines, omitting an infinity of essential things to understand more some this matter, but it is really impossible to be able to expound everything the to know that it wanders around the hidden one in an only night, and this is not certain the most suitable center to begin such a vast lucubration on the formalities of the existence."
Dafne had the face dark and warm tears they irrigated the bed of the river that licked up the solid necks of his/her cheeks.
"Him, my husband. its soul has suffered? An end cos didn't deserve him, nobody would deserve her/it.
Saint, imperturbable, it pronounced hard words, how much sincere and loyal.
"Madonna, the death of each of us is necessary to make to evolve his/her own Spirit and for lasciar space on the Earth to the other souls that the subject must experiment. The human beings must understand that pain is essential, it is the most valid utensil of God to interact with its mysterious children of the Earth. Baudelaire, from "The artificial heavens" to such respect it said: "The death, that don't consult on our projects and to which cannot ask the consent, the death that allows us to dream happiness and fame and doesn't tell us neither yes neither no, brusquely goes out from the trap and with a hit of wing sweeps away our plans, our dreams and the ideal architectures where held sheltered, in thought, the glory of our last days!""
The man drew near to the woman and tightened her/it to itself. That embrace enacted the truth of their breath, of their worries and of their emotions, it still decreed their existence of living beings, still able to experiment the drunkenness of the subject.
"Are alive!it " told the sudden Saint "you are still able everything and above all you still owe everything to your thirst of life. Pain is a shake that serves to it stuffed to face with great vigor the rest of the life that we remain. As I have already had the opportunity to ascertain, this philosophy of thought you have already married her in toto, therefore it forgives my rudeness, but the time tightens and if you want that yours ends eccentric plan, I exhort you to now swallow some that magic potion that turned you into the beautiful dormant ch'eri poc'anzi, so that I can turn into the immortal queen that you have always desired to be to the presence of your funeral."
Dafne immediately shook him of back that anguish throwing her/it in meal to his/her covetous courage to experiment the existence. In that same instant he/she remembered him the thoughtful indications of his/her doctor. He it sincerely held to his/her beautiful countess. It had him in fact admonished on the fact that the potion that would have assumed would be been able not to be enough effective for that whole time. Of however he ignored the exact dose to assume for that weary of established time and, fearing to mistake prescribing her a sovradosaggio that would have killed her, you/he/she had preferred to be parsimonious in to deliver her that magic quantity. Dafne now remembered that, if you/he/she woke up in the heart of the night in the room of morgue, the doctor had exhorted her not to get scared and to look for in his/her beautiful head of hair the rest of the content of the vial that would have her ridonato the irresponsibility. It inserted the hands among the long smooth hair that composed his/her flowing helmet of battle of divine nymph of the high society and it extracted the vial smiling. 
"It is all right, my meddler sculptor, among few instants I will be dead again. I will stay here, naked, to your mercy, can treat him of a violent overbearance or of a refined person imbellettatura. Now they are in your hands. Even you will be then who knows you in mine."
This way saying drank in a sip that little liquid of the vial and he/she remained to stare at him/it until everything it didn't become vacuous, smoky, then nothing.

VI
When the driver, the doctor and the butler arrived in the courtyard of the morgue, the mysterious worker of the night was already dispersed. It was day, the presence of a stately round sun in that clear blue sky spiazzava some, being by now late October. To make capolino to the door of entry there were the usual four rough individuals already met on the occasion of the death of Charles Monteghini, that you/they smoked and meanwhile they discussed respect a futile soccer matter with the obvious curses that these disquisitions of low lever. The doctor, after a fast regard of routine, it was literally dashed with his/her succession inside the ardent room. Few second to get used the sight to the faint light and their eyes they enchanted him on the bedside of the countess Dafne, for then to cross their looks and to respectively read each in the eyes of the others the same amazement.
It was very beautiful. To look for other adjectives seemed superfluous. When something contains the absolute superlative of the beauty, other cannot be added, otherwise he would risk to make to lower the attention on the most consistent and ineluctable adjective of that case: very beautiful! You/he/she was dressed as Osiride with the classical white tunic used by the Egyptian noblewomen that it bandaged her the attractive sinuous body. You/he/she would have been able to break the breath to whatever person, man or woman that it was. He/she wore the typical ancient jewels that a queen of that period would have worn. They were those that the butler had delivered to Saint for the vestizione of the body but the way according to which were systematized with the purpose to adorn the beautiful Dafne, you/he/she was incredibly perfect. That gold and those stones, so you position, able you/they would have been to play with any type of light to valorize even the angles of more beauty hidden of that body, of that face. that face was pious youth, of an incalculable youth, yet they appeared millennial those marmoreal lines of the face, inviolable, eternal. And that magnificent head of hair shiny black? It seemed it had microscopic light bulbs on all of his/her surface, dazzling the deadly communes. That woman represented the attraction and they made him account everybody that each of them would have wanted to possess her/it so, immovable, in that same instant. The butler broke that diabolic magnetism beginning with almost trembling voice.
"Everything is ready in the villa, by now the guests should have fill the whole antisala. I believe you totally agree with me in to deliver ourselves the countess."
The other ones nodded with the alone expression of the face, still benumbed by the enchantment. 
Joints near the imperious entry of the villa, were perceived already the teams of automobiles of luxury of those people that would be never missed, for any reason to the world, to the most tragic event and more cool than the year, the funeral of the famous one and discussed widow Monteghini, dead suicidal shortly after two months from the tragic accident that marked the end of his/her/their husband. The principal room was prepared to ardent room with changing floral crowns from the rarest exotic flowers and with an esoteric admixture of essences that he/she caressed the air harmonically making her/it mysticism. Dafne had abandoned in a shining sarcophagus of thick gold, dearly, leaned on a rectangular stone of marble that realized until in the detail the idea of a solemn macaw. Around enormous gold candelabra were systematized and of ivory, embellished by adamant diamonds, crowned by white candles with on carved in bas-relief an ancient and well accurate Egyptian simbologia. All recalled the sumptuous atmosphere of a faraonico mausoleum. 
The guests, that were already delighted with the delicious snacks of the most elegant nouvelle cuisine, crowding the enormous antisala and the smaller rooms around the principal one, they were struck dumb him instantly when they opened the imposing doors of that room to which all kept on giving cautious looks of circumstance, every whenever that from it a noise originated. The various guests, in base to the degree of relative and the proximity with the countess, as soon as him accodarono with great wary to the flood of people that advanced toward the room. Well soon the place was full of illustrious characters and all that faces, many amazed, some with hardly painted an envious expression celabile, others abducted from a mysterious fainting, some literally bewildered, they formed the unanimous mirror that reflected the vision that you/they had before. The Beauty had gone down among them to make fun of of their efforts for pleasant apparir to the high society. Also being them the legitimate owners of that time, witnesses of prim'ordine of the contemporary epoch, with their tuxedos to the last cry, shiny shoes from the great signatures of the fashion, evening gowns from the superlative cuts, expensive jewels drawn by the known stylists that decided the forms of the modern aristocracy, felt him to the sudden one extremely to uneasiness in their ridiculous dresses, lowered in the plurimillenaria atmosphere of ancient Egypt, to the presence of an immovable divinity that judged them from the unknown forgetfulness of the death. The sincere pain of many gods present for the loss of that woman it turned him into a bungling hallucination. The impression that, the matron of the villa would perhaps, be reawakened by that depth sleep you/he/she started to already darken theirs precarious lucidity. Someone dared even invoke the name of Dafne to tall voice, imploring to get up her/it. After moments of agitated turbulence among the guests, really when all seemed to calm down, a miraculous sensation marked the total abandonment of any type of behavior among the guests of the villa. The countess imperceptibly stirred, but all noticed him/it. Few instants and those delightfully painted eyelids opened disclosing the depth of two black eyes, fixed in the void, but alive!
The butler from a side, the physician from the other, immediately drew near to the sarcophagus, aware of what was happening, but unprepared to the reaction that Dafne would have been able to have to his/her awakening. Cautious, the doctor felt her the wrist and he made sure that the heartbeat was regular, while George, the butler, pronounced her name to fior of lips, verifying himself/herself/itself of his/her total resumption of conscience. You looked at him/it for an apparent long weary of time that lasted few second, then it smiled at him. The eyes shone her and the whole flirtation of astute dame of court immediately painted her in face a triumphant expression. The two men helped her/it to rise from the funeral thalamus that surrounded her/it. Very beautiful, you/he/she was escorted up to the four staircases that brought to a mini-stage similar to what you/they used the Greek oratories of the same marble of the macaw that had sustained her sleeping. It tore the noise of the crowd just opened the lips.
"Welcome, my special entertain! Thank you for having presided to my first funeral. I know that the I dismay that I have given you with my awakening and the pain that I have inflicted to those people who have sincerely suffered for my loss, you/he/she is bringing you to feel a strong resentment in my respects now but I hope that, passed the heartbeat, to serene mind can judge my gesture as an action of depth interest in your respects and of those of all of our living rooms. The "boredom" and the "all anticipated" you/they are transforming our lives in simple "ingurgitatrici" of subject. It seems that by now us well-off we don't have any other purpose anymore whether not to accumulate luxuries, wealths, ease, that then are the forehand responsible of our internal inaridimento, so much deadly that deprives us some possibility to enjoy some other aspects of the life. This fortune of ours is not the goal which we must inhale, but you/he/she must be the mean that allows us to live more freely the possible, enjoying of the immense ones, pleasant fruits to our disposition."
The crowd was sunk in the most total dismay: had you/they assisted to a miracle or was it the biggest taking around ever suffered? The fear, mixing to the bother and the confused one to shout how immediate you/he/she was taken back not as soon as they finished the words of Dafne, it represented a great paradox of the same his/her resurrezione. God's names, of Jesus and of many Saints resounded in the ample time of the saloon; they were swearwords, prayers or simply exclamations of amazement, that troubled all the sums doors of the eternity. All spoke, but none of the presents seemed it had the brain connected to the mouth, up to that a strong voice, with extreme cynicism it went out of the choir. One of the gentlemen of the compact team of the tuxedos, grizzled, on the about forty, with eyes brisk and physical mighty, it broke that increasing panic. 
"My lady, won't ask now us to strip all of us and to cross the roads of our city asking the alms for the poor men as san Francis?"
A modest general laughter finally rehabilitated the cynics minds of the exploiters of the globe, that as soon as repurchased their safeties and with them their impassive composure. All still trembled, but in the instant in which, even though a solo of them, had shown self control unsheathing the fundamental coldness of the bright man of business, imperturbable in front of any event, of hit all raced to the shelters to recover does her/it. They were the powerful persons, they commanded really thanks to the fact to succeed in checking every thing.	
Dafne inviolata responded.
"Oh, my dear guest, would be a heroic and noble thing. Unfortunately, however, neither me neither so much less you possess such a great and clean heart. On a thing, however, you have gone nearby there. Free you of your limits and of your conventions that make you sembrar numbed penguins and enjoy once and for all you the life. Yes, my beautiful gentleman, to undress as you/he/she has made san Francis it would be already a good footstep to begin.
And so saying loosened his/her candid tunic from behind and magically this slipped to earth revealing the magnificence of his/her body. The diadem on the head, the necklaces, the bracelets and the belt, all rigorously in gold and precious stones they elegantly remained to the really place. The lucore of the trembling candles crowded everything to be reflected on the white marble of that breasts, swollen and round and on the milky lowland of that abdomen of velvet. There was then the shiver of that triangle revealed by the low abdomen and by the legs, ch'erano the three sides arched to precipice on that soft pubic hair that transcended every delight. Its look had been fixed on everybody, without shade of hesitancy some, and they were them to get embarrassed, and many of them were forced to lower the look. You smiled with ceremonious slowness, turned him showing the rest of his/her nudities. Those shoulders and that back seemed a magic sail that the wind gently blew arching her/it to the perfection. The gluteis belonged to the most erotic dreams of the imaginary masculine and the legs on which were leaned they were the most natural and harmonica prosecution of that shine. Then she disappeared, unexpectedly, from a door hidden on I break down him/it some stage, leaving an impotent irritation to the males. All at that time themselves reproached for their cowardliness and their embarrassment in front of that so desirable and voluptuous invitation. And the ladies? The ladies would have kissed her, you/they would have made us the love without hesitations, but this remained a germ in their consciences, an obstacle between the sternum and the esophagus that chased away again down soon so that the stomach digested him/it, to recover from this last their envious person acidity from the classical female schemes, soaked with ignoble offenses and free criticisms for the lack of bon ton and for the excess of haughtiness of that woman of low family origins.

VII
Saint him riabbottonò the long overcoat and riconcesse his/her pale face in meal to the greed of the prickly autumn cold, not before however to have worn a pair of mirror sunglasses that you/they bandaged him completely the eyes. Crossed few meters dipped in that faded light of a gloomy metropolitan forenoon. You immediately stopped to the circular plaza behind the church, it extracted the key of the auto and it inserted him in a black Jaguar with the darkened glasses. They were departed as soon as three years from that of hazards what had brought Saint and Dafne to gather their destinies and to madly accelerate the run of their evolution freeing their respective consciences to the peer of their instincts. It was as if their lives before then belongs to a preceding incarnation. 
It geared the third one and with a hit of gas it surpassed the line of auto that proceeded slow. Certain, at first sight the change in the style of life of Saint concerned above all the economic sphere. To the sudden one you/he/she could also have all the wealth and the luxuries of the countess not having any tie or obligation towards her. He/she lived in stable plant in the enormous villa Monteghini, it had the possibility to consult an unbelievable quantity of recent and ancient books on the esoterismo and on all the matters that could leastly interest him/it. Further to have available the library ultracentenaria of the family Monteghini, with the economic means of Dafne you/he/she could afford the luxury to order rare texts from the immense value. In an angle set apart of the immoderate park that surrounded the imposing abode, you/he/she had started even cultivating mysterious cried by the more disparate magic ownerships. These liberties had certainly improved splendidly the quality of its life allowing him unimaginable things in its preceding condition. Of other song was perfectly aware that between the beautiful countess and he an equitable exchange of wealths had happened. He had opened her the doors of the soul disclosing her secrets of the Spirit. Its side was established to, giving her constant presence of a to be perspicacious and I lavish with which to be able to freely be expressed, with which to be able to experiment everything.
The two didn't properly represent a couple in the sense common of the term. Two nobody was bound to the other by some obligation, they didn't go out together habitually, they were not introduced in public near, they didn't even have the habit to share the same bed during the night, also because Saint had kept on occupying its place of nighttime undertaker to the morgue. Him, in fact, to the eyes of the few extraneous that it was usual to cross, nothing had not changed in his/her life. You still introduced to the morgue arriving us with the bus, the big Jaguar of which freely usufruiva parked her/it next to the cathedral, he/she waits for for avoiding to be noticed by the colleagues. He didn't like at all to strut of his/her fortunes, so much less to answer to the indiscreet questions that would be rained him between head and neck.
The austere automatic gate of beaten iron opened and the Jaguar disappeared in that luxuriant green that characterized the park of villa Monteghini. He/she left the keys of the auto to the butler and it climbed the ample nineteenth-century stairway of the house. It entered the immense saloon maintained in faint light thanks to the purple curtains that were protected mastodontic on the glass door of the balcony, and it immediately noticed the beautiful body of a young woman abandoned supine on the sofa, completely naked, the wide apart legs slightly. It seemed absorbed in a sort of trance, after having misused some sopraffinis pleasures.
"I believe to have realized what is thinking, my beautiful centurione but this today this slave is not in sharing. I won't allow anybody, even to a Roman of birth, draw near to her!"
He turned him amazed. Its lips opened him showing the beauty of its teeth imprisoned in a smile. Was Dafne! He always went crazy to like in to reenter to house to find again him to personify her/it an any eccentric character that passed for her head. Inclusive immediately that in that occasion you/he/she was reciting the role of Cleopatra VII, one of his preferred. He/she wore a long semitransparent tunic, the breasts were maliciously discovered, with the painted nipples with a dark dye, the gold and the precious stones on her they were those worthy of its role. You/he/she had been him to teach her that games and certain uninhibited licenses, and in whatever moment it was ready to follow her/it in that eccentric performance in which the storyboard was decided second in according to, where everything was instinctively impromptu and delightfully artificial.
"My Regina, the picture that I have of forehead makes me suppose that your lust he is sbizzarrita for the nth time, and now, only in to imagine what you have been able to ask to the beautiful young girl in fainting on that sofas, it rises me natural to grant to that soul, not yet accustomed to similar licentious pleasures, the deserved rest. However you remember that he who called centurione, with that vanesios accent that countersigns you, also not exhibiting as Sir the supreme title of king, your gentleman he/she remains always, in the bed as in the regency of your kingdom defeated by the supremacy of us Romans; then break me the heart in to remember you that in my presence cannot order just anything."
The sinuous Dafne became suspicious in a lightning. It seemed of sudden to be distressed for indeed, as if the fates of ancient Egypt were still all to end. Then in a flash it returned on his/her face the typical expression of challenge of the fascinating Cleopatra.
"My beautiful Anthony, you Romans you are skilled in to conquer earths and in to subdue people, but then you behave you as vampires, because to the people overpowered you steal the talent, the inventions, the styles and really nothing you are able to create really. It is at the end, for irony of the fate, you find again you to obey the ideas of the foreigners that you have subdued. You think only about the calendar what time you use in Rome. Break me the heart to the solo to remember you, and my heart I assure you that it is very more strong than yours, that the beloved Caesar was very influenced by his/her conquest, that I would be me, that in the '47 inserted that famous reform Giuliana that adjusted the Roman calendar, based on the lunar cycle, with a varying duration between the 375 and the 378 days, to that solar what counted 365 days and a quarter and every four years you/he/she arrived one leap year of 366 days. All these calculations were established from Sosigene, that is my genial astrologer of court, and Caesar applied them all without beating eyelash."
"Oh, what arrogance arouses him from the sharp lips of my beautiful lover for giunger to hum me malevolmente around the ears. Before strutting in to say that us Romans we have little imagination, you learn this motto, that has invented her for irony of the fate now, sat, a Roman for your refined limbs. Ideas are devoted and they are granted to bloom only concretely for the one who has the power to put her into effect, and this is not certain what from a little considering that the novantanove for one hundred of all today's thoughts and of tomorrow have already been conceived by qualcun'altro and that vacant a for one hundred belongs to the impracticable one, to the utopia, that it also has its roots already soaked with the influence of the fact!"
To that point Saint changed notably the expression of its face softly stretching the mask of planned actor.
"My dear, wants to open a parenthesis, an instant returning to be myself, to tell you that with that action Caesar has fully gained my likings, since I esteem immensely who succeeds in changing the rules of the time in this dimension showing that also it as the whole rest, are subjectively interpretable. In the dimension of the Spirit it is flared, it lengthens, him sfoca, losing all of his/her mathematics conventions, and you/they can spend ten years in a second earthling or vice versa, nothing is absolute."
You childishly smiled at him.
"It is all right, it is all right, petulant Roman. I grant you, rather I give you my slave, since you are now able it stuffed what you want. And when you will be among his/her braccias, I beg you not to worry you about my jealousy, I will know whether to take back me all of your intimacy to proper time."
This way saying Dafne disappeared in the obscurity of the long dark corridor. Saint was tired after the long night in morgue. You removed shoes and jacket and been stretched on the sofa beside the young girl of silk, that any sign had not given to want him to wake up again. 
When Saint reopened the eyes he/she senselessly remained disorientated. The sofa on which it rested had disappeared, as after all around the whole furnishings belonged to another place, of certain not in the saloon that had allowed just before to fall asleep. Dafne, eccentric and fanatical as it was, it used thick to change the furnishings of the rooms of the villa. They were the choreographies for his/her performances, it said, and everything had to be authentic during his/her identifications in the various characters of the real history, of the legend or of his/her simple imagination. Saint, his/her favorite companion of life, was the only other actor of his/her imaginary theater, or better his/her peer protagonist. All the other participants to his/her screen-plays limited him to the simple role of appearances, more aware of to belong to that artificial mechanism scenografico that witnessed fixed on the atmosphere of the whole abode Monteghini.
The masculine protagonist of the scene moved as soon as the eyes immediately to become himself/herself/themselves account of his/her total nudity and, after few instants, you/he/she didn't even discover the horrible his/her condition of not riuscir to move a finger. 
Diabolic bewitches! This time Dafne had exaggerated for indeed. Perhaps with the help of some exotic drug that the nervous apparatus inhibited, or perhaps thanks to a portentous paralysing ointment, done it is that the final result was his terrible and total paralysis of the body. You/he/she would not absolutely have had to afford to limit his/her liberty in that way, they were the pacts. or perhaps to well to think us their only pact equivaleva about any pact. 
The air of the room that by now seemed an ancient sacred place, as if you/he/she was found inside an Egyptian pyramid, really where the mummy of the faraone was deposed together with its treasures and to the utensils that would have served him in the other life, it was vivacizzata from a pregiatissimo odor of musk and amber. The warmth that he/she caressed him the body was in clean contrast with the irritation that quivered him inside. You/he/she could not make nient'altro that to wait, and at the end he allowed to go. Left half open the eyes, chained in that forced immobility and his/her anger him volatilizzò for some instants, stamping his irony of an almost satisfied smile on the face. 
You/he/she had been really him to start everything, to teach her and to sharpen his/her ways to be and the expedient to do yes that its existence was the assembled of a crowd of grapevine. He/she clearly remembered still all, as if same happening really at that time, in front of his/her eyes.

The evening after the intoxicated night of their first meeting he was free from his/her working turn and you/he/she could devote without limits to experiment his/her spiritual trips. You/he/she had remained notably fascinated by the extravagance and by the talent of the enchanting countess. To surprise him/it on this Earth had become what a great deal arduous, but straight to be senseless from an emotion, as you/he/she had happened with her, it exquisitely had an unique taste. While it was considering to the peculiar adventure happened him, you/he/she had drawn on the floor of the only room that composed his/her apartment the pentacolo that would have protected him during his/her experience in astral.
To the return from the weary spiritual trip, Saint collapsed on the floor of its room. 
It was with the face glued on the icy floor for endless minutes before succeeding in reopening the eyes and to repurchase the awareness to have returned in the disorder of his/her apartment. He wanted us another handful of minutes to become himself/herself/themselves account that was not alone. In front of him, comfortably session on a chair, adorned of an extremely elegant black suit, the crossed legs and with a half expression among the I dismay and female curiosity there was typically the countess Monteghini. He/she wore around the neck a boa of feathers of ostrich that made her/it even more seductive than it was not already. Did thing do us to his/her house that insane dame that had still discovered long live in its funeral thalamus? It still blushed remembering the immense embarrassment that enveloped him/it crossing him/it look of her, also being him the landlord and the woman in matter a guest, in that circumstance, indesiderata. It was her to break the silence.
"Oh my God, doesn't know what can have happened you, but I believe really has been something sensational! You seemed dead, your body seemed to have transformed in a rigid impassive statue. You have remained so for about two hours and then, of sudden, you have revived collapsing on the floor, as if a giant had grinded you. What does everything this mean?"
Saint was absolutely incredulous, you/he/she would have wanted to get angry, to ask to that woman as was allowed to enter his/her house and above all as he/she knew who was, but he/she succeeded only in asking her:
"That meaning has here your arrival?"
"I am here because I and you should unite us, to live together, to discover qual is the limit over which we can inhale." 
Saint was everything except a rational person. He/she lived of intuitions, feelings and of energetic fields that surrounded him/it, but to feel those madwomen be told words a person that it belonged to the real world, they made him/it smile of amazement.
"What you are telling me? A pair of passages have lost. I don't know you who both, I don't know how you can think a thing of the kind founding yourself on a simple ordinary extra event that has united us." 
Her eyes withdrew him.
"No, not to believe ch'io both a fool a superficial animal that drags him without soul on this Earth. I won't perhaps perceive as you what fluctuates around us, but I has full awareness of the bridge that is created between me and you. A bridge, yes, invisible, but that more whatever reality bond is worth among human beings of this dimension. I have always lived my Spirit in loneliness, doubting even sometimes that pits only one imagination of mine, one perverse neurotic inclination of mine, but I have kept on being conscious of those doors inside of me that they opened on the endless one. Then, however, for the first time you/he/she is happened me not to be alone to live my parallel world with the certain presence of another being. This being you were really you and you know very well that you cannot deny him/it."
"Ok, has had the test that the spiritual world is not one paranoia of yours, it is real. Do you also know that you/he/she can be come into contact with another Spirit, but this is not some one base for which to reach the conclusion that our lives owe parallel proceder, doesn't find?"
"It is all right, Black signor, will demote then of some footstep allowing to invite you to me to supper from me evening tomorrow. My driver will come to take you and. I beg you to accept since now this small my arrogance that binds part of your time to my person. Approved?"
Saint observed that stupendous tigress that scrutinized him/it starving. You desired him/it and he tried the same attraction, but you/he/she would never have abdicated his/her world, to his/her habits to undertake a relationship, also scheming as you/he/she would have been theirs. 
"A supper! To accept your invitation seems me the least one that can do, considering that our first meeting has happened jumping whatever type of preliminary."
Saint perfectly remembered still the odors and the colors of that evening, trail to light of candle with Dafne, in its idyllic villa Monteghini. You/they immediately were passed to the firm ground without vain words of circumstance. He had explained her his/her world, his/her trips, what succeeded in doing with the corpses and her, anxious and fidgety to see that spiritual world that waved her in every centimeter of skin to open in front of his/her eyes, he/she greedily drank every word of Saint and, in turn it disclosed him all of his/her antecedent existence to their meeting. Dafne was an apprehensions and adamant fair. He saw to bloom through her eyes the obstinacy and the voluptuousness that characterized her/it in toto. You/he/she would have been able to make anything, if only you/he/she had been given you of it the possibility. That same night, after the supper, in the alcove of the countess were sheltered for freeing their desires and their instincts, to give voice to the subject, that unfortunately or fortunately it coexisted also together with the Spirit. Among purple sheets, devouring the embraces, perpetually crossing the skin with the unquenched mouths, every candid breath of the soul that reboiled through their incandescent meat that entwined and it tormented breathing, they united him. To caress him and to grind together him, raggiunger a limit to rout him/it, to grant him over, to undress some nudity, to be profaned in every angle of the body, of the soul, from the words, from the blood and from the ardent looks of the excess. Possession his/her own total intimacy to the derision and to be at the same time of it an enjoying spectator, the victim and the executioner. The love and the hate. Be beloved and fottuti together! The fiercest vulgarity served to the nuptial banquet of the god of the love. Eros, that sweeps yourself wild! 
You stipulated that night their pact, their union. Being accomplices, to plot behind the existence to steal her more possible life. From that night Saint didn't go more away from that sumptuous abode.
 
Still immobilized by the powerful drug administered him by the countess, the occultist you/he/she could not do anything else other than to keep on making to be cradled by the memoirs regressing up to the time lived before knowing Dafne, that then understood the large majority of his/her life. Particularly, in the last shine of his/her existence shutters Dafne had voluntarily decided to abandon the real existence to throw headfirst him in that world of images and intuitions that you/they belonged to the other dimension. What then it didn't have really some sense for him to call "real" the world in which the human beings have gotten used to live. This ch'egli lived beyond the canonical time it was well more truth and strong than you/he/she had ever found on the planet that fed its body. As far as possible, its asceticism toward the immanent things had brought him in a paradoxical limbo. When it was awake, it was as if it faced a forced nightmare and, whatever duty had to hurry, it treated her/it as an absolute necessity, a brick for that invisible bridge that every time would have allowed then him to travel, to detach from the ground to become an everything in the universe. 
You/he/she had become contrarily a guilty man. 
If the offender usually lives bossily the awake life, the night instead, in the moments in which the rational part lowers the watch to get ready to the sleep, the subconscious it makes to resurface its dark sides rendered explicit by groundless anxieties and disturbances that accordingly they will mine the phase of the sleep with the deadliest nightmares. This way Saint was a guilty Spirit to possess a body. During the meditative phase it was shiny and full, while during the vigil his/her subconscious, or perhaps for absurd we should coin the neologism "sopraconscio", it moved the threads of his/her appointments and the obligations that were up to him as living being of this world, forcing his/her soul to crawl among the lowness of the ephemeral things.
Then the era of Dafne came, the middle queen. Colei able to mix the substances and the laws of any world with his/her keenness and his/her pragmatism. You changed the ordinary reality departing from the mere aesthetics of the objects, of the you furnish, of the landscapes that acted from stage for them two, sublime and undisputed protagonists, up to engage imaginary actors in meat and bones, that recited without beating eyelash the role from her assigned him. It was very astute to have been combined everything in such way that was his/her lawyer to organize the whole practical part, of way that she could fully enter the definite character with the whole sincerity of his/her heart, so that he/she saw around the artificial world for her built and the same appearances as indisputable reality of his/her hallucinations. Saint had his/her own neutral room whether to close only him with himself to be able to access the drunkenness of its astral trips. Dafne, of other song, some for envy, some to avoid the sadness to feel been excluded by a so important part of the life of Saint, its neutral room was created, an unlikely place where every thing had to conceal how much more possible the century when she lived. In this way she could confuse his/her own memoirs and to deceive his/her own ratiocination. It is useless to hide that the countess amplified his/her dizziness thanks to the inhalation of amazing substances that you/they were filtered in the ducts of air of the room. In that turbinios of states of mind produced by the paradoxical place, from the loneliness and from the chemistry, its self shattered him starting to ramble in visions, feelings and to describe accurate images and scenes that gave more and more as soon as one clear idea of the century in which its distorted psyche falls. After few it was simple even to understand the person to which craved to identify him. You/he/she could write his/her visionary mirage, to shout him/it, or simply to whisper him/it to fior of lips. On the other side there were always ears and awake eyes, ready to receive his/her desires and to turn them into reality. His/her insane lucubrations, once declared, they brought her/it to sink in a funereal is catatonic, so much supreme it was I strive him/it of his/her soul that tried to detach from that body to see more from near that mirror of beyond that it greedily described so much. As the language of the leopard when he/she insinuates him on the wound of his/her prey or the acute look of the eagle when it individualizes from the tall one one possible nourishment of his, so its senses lived the creation of that paradoxical desires. As the beautiful dormant of the fables, Dafne remained then suspended between the sleep and the death giving the hands invisible possibility to create his/her mirage in today's Earth. 
If to Saint its spiritual body was enough for traveling where he desired, instead Dafne was forced to also drag his/her material body in the hallucinations of his/her trips, deceiving him/it with objects, actors and even drugs, so that experience resulted really satisfactory. 
In that breaker for Saint to wander in his/her memoirs meant to find confrontation with his/her ideas, his/her convictions, his/her status quo, that allowed him to focus enough to definitely detach from the conscience for his/her depressing immobility that very in advance transformed him/it in comparison to the times, in a relic of this ch'egli was. To that point it was an instant for the occultist to open his/her third eye and to free from the material hindrance of the third dimension.

It was in trip. The myriad of energetic points that composed its soul now, fluctuated in the eternal current divine, the Unio Mystica. What for the profane is legend and for the believers it is the supreme aspiration, for him it became reality, tangible more than the subject, a shiny dream, immensely true, any ephemeral existence. That ineluctable fainting was the same conscience of every thing of every being. Its wish didn't annul him, but it was perfectly so much supplemental income from the State to that atavistic universal awareness, that didn't distinguish its confinements anymore, it tasted only a dizzy fullness that softly filled him/it. Everything around him was full; as a bead of soap after all to the sea, that softly he/she is filled with water, to become water in the water, in the everything, he was the everything same. Nothing didn't decide, you/he/she would have been impossible to be relative, to choose something when everything was select and everything chose, when where he/she was wanted to already go him it was, when every place was coexistent in the same place. Nothing must be done when he is everything! That maximum level of illumination, that trip in the heart of the divine conscience, went losing then pian plain consistence and Saint it found again him to always sail gradually more away from the original nucleus, for then to be catapulted in one any relative dimension of the existence. He knew that, not as soon as you/he/she had estranged from the center, you/he/she would have had some second to be able to knowingly decide toward what dimensional reality to go. This time, instead he/she left, that its subconscious or the case, dictated the direction. Who would have been, where, when and as, they were the most fascinating discoveries of every trip of his. Few instants and it was about to hover on the calm country of a stranger place of France. Inclusive immediately that you/he/she would have been only a shade a silent observer of something that would have ended in those earths. You/he/she would not have had the possibility to intervene, neither to make to be heard, would passively have only observed the evolution of events. And here is to take under form to his/her eyes the up to history that was given him.

VIII
Katrine Dumont was born in the French country of Cheverny, situated in the Val of Loira.
Daughter of a modest family of farmers, since child you/he/she was totally hypnotized by the dance, the only thing indeed dynamics and free that would have been able to save her/it from the immovable melancholy of that slim colors crayon that you/they composed his/her small world. The mother of Katrine was a respectable dancer to the parties of country, while his/her father, of rigid and rude customs, you/he/she seemed an alien fallen by the stars during that popular meetings, that revived the silence of the countries and that so much they benefitted to the spirit of the young people. The beautiful wife, despite you/he/she was accompanied by a so gruff man, it didn't brake his/her euphoria in that deserved clippings of thoughtlessness that tore her/it from the dark blanket of the job of country. It danced sinuous and energetic, alone or invited by some fellow townsperson with the passion for the dance, in spite of her husband that limited him to fix her/it mute and to swallow the possible ghosts of the jealousy.
Katrine loved the dance because it loved anymore his/her mother and so much his/her father it ridiculed the passion of this last and his, so much more she us was thrown headfirst for imploring every doubt of the fact that from great you/he/she would never have become as him. The time it spent in hurry and the liberty of which Katrine enjoyed from child was smothered well soon in name of the decency and the good name of the family. Yes, because his/her exuberance, the rice and the smile that broke sudden that silences all soaked of his/her good-looking deep eyes and naturally winking, framed in a noble and haughty too face for the rudeness of the rude courts that he/she lived, and his/her walk excessively town and uninhibited, the vivacity of a child you/they could be forgiven to, but in the moment in which its body ransomed its forms from the infancy exploding in the female puberty of one "almost" woman that its features recomposed to the goals of the softness, all changed. The liberty of which you/he/she had enjoyed well soon from child disappeared replaced by the heavy reproaches of his/her/their father and by the unbearable limitations to which he/she forced her/it. It was not more her allowed to go out accompanied by the usual company of boys with which blessed scorrazzava between the flowers of field and the endless expanses of wheat. An excessive standstill in the barn with some old companion of scorribande was the delicious pretext for the old maid of country to make to flow their poisonous languages that reached all the ears of the notorious puritanical inhabitants of that burrow of country inactivity.
The consequences were obvious and ineluctable. The blows of his/her/their father and the repeated punishments had become by now the sad quotidianità of that stupendous girl from the hair color wheat, from the bright eyes as fireflies, black as the beetles on the roots of the trees of laurel. It had a body mozzafiato and the gruff companions of job of his/her/their father, excited up to the marrow by that beauty, rather than to accuse their total lack of refinement, that brought them to crowd all of their eyes on the body of Katrine, didn't have of better to do what the man of the bad customs to reproach that his/her daughter went pursuing in theirs calm and chaste country. Barrel, punishments, more nient'altro represented by now his/her father agl'occhi of the velvety young girl. It was forced to go out wearing a heavy dress of shapeless wool that covered her/it until to the ankles and it held even her hidden the braccias in summer. But the unquenched voluptuousness of that morbid ominidi relighted them and it made them burn of alone desire observing her thin ankles of Katrine and its feet of fairy that seemed not to place him to earth when it proceeded expeditious, full of embarrassment in that orgy of looks, unharmed, but inexorably imprisoned in that condition of fantastic object to like. Thousand times Katrine was thrown to the feet of his/her/their mother imploring to make her/it reason his/her father, to transform the incomprehensible enmity that he had in his/her comparisons and to unite to the cause of his/her/their daughter, fighting and making to stop once and for all the ignoble insinuations on his/her account. His/her mother, consumed by the pain for the inauspicious situation in which his/her only daughter concerned and for his/her total impossibility to face her husband and that whole accursed country, by now you/he/she didn't do whether to complain and to despair the spark of the sadness being roused in any futile event of his/her statics day. The dance? What was it the dance for that woman sfiancata from the uselessness anymore that it enveloped him, bent and precociously grown old by the sorrow? Katrine didn't bear them more both, that two extraneous old men that stole only her the air and the vitality with their presence; faithful actors blindly to the part assigned him by the life in the colossal tragedy of their shapeless destinies. She would never have accepted to submit to that diabolic sketch that he was delineating around his/her life, you/he/she would have found the solution to that miserable condition, it was enough for her to tighten the teeth, not to lose heart and to wait for the propitious occasion to save.
A small opening of relief came unexpected really from a decision of that father tyrant that tormented her the existence. To make to square the family budget, considering that by now his/her/their wife you/he/she had strongly limited his/her activity of home tailor because of his/her sudden weakening, his/her daughter he/she sent to collaborate a little far in the domestic matters of a villa of rich land owners their farmhouse. Katrine since the morning would be brought soon there for getting back home to the sunset. From the first instant in which the girl was in that sumptuous abode, its bellows returned to plentifully breathe, its heart seemed not to stammer as before, you/he/she could finally reopen him as a flower, as its nature imposed her. 
The house was inhabited at two round and nice masters, him always boldly drunk, her always busy to manage the proceeds of their vast possessions. Three his/her children that composed envied him issue of that squires. The girl was the greatest, daughter of the owner and the preceding wife, dead of birth, then the two boys came, a little younger than her, children of his/her father and the actual landlady, two so similar twins aesthetically how much different for the character. Katrine, under the directives of the elderly ruler of family and his/her owner, it learned soon the assignments to her assigned and it immediately appeared willing and obedient not to risk to displease his/her new employer, risking so to lose that panaceas fallen to svernare the lethargic winter of his/her existence. 
As you/he/she could not be otherwise, Katrine immediately tied with the boys of the house. To his/her eyes they immediately were shown nice, perhaps also because of his/her abstinence as it regarded the frequentazione of his/her contemporaries. Probably in whoever you/he/she was introduced ahead her, you/he/she would have found you an I don't know that of interesting. Toward evening his/her brothers used to meet on the terrace of the centenary villa. They brought out the turntable and the great loudspeakers on the balcony and they loaded old disks jazz and Viennese waltz and, on the unbridled swing of the Afro-american ones or on the elegant and velvety ones you toll some three quarters of the European elite, they improvised footsteps of dance inspired by the instinct and by the feeling that more they dragged them in that instant. A beautiful day Katrine, while it was being about to get back home, he/she was irremediably amazed and then attracted by the magic sound coming from the back of the house. Forgetful of the obligation to have to now return home to a date, raced behind that stave of Arianna that would have brought her out of the heavy labyrinth of silence that filled the surrounding country. It realized that it originated from the terrace. It quickly climbed the staircases and he/she remained to mouth open to fix the liberty with which his/her masters' children, in his/her own abode, they made show of that impudichis muscular (this way his/her father defined the dance) itches and they surrendered his/her own emotions with a calm and a simplicity to his/her eyes unheard of. The boys after some the beautiful Katrines noticed on the next to last stair of the marmoreal ramp, spellbound to stare at them. In an instant her, stricken in the intimate from their looks, it immediately did him of a vermilion red and a thin line of stave in the form of drop of sweat it escaped her from the nape to insinuate under his/her dress, crossing him silent the curved harmonicas of the back and disappearing where whoever would be wanted to disappear.
"Hi Katrine, if want to unite you to us, I promise that won't eat you!"
It was Francois to speak, the extrovert of the two twins. Jasmine, the greatest, smiling her, with a leap it seated on the windowsill that marmoreal he/she watched over on the extended pastoral poem of underlying fields. It crossed the legs and feline, regardless that the suit held her discoveries big part of its thighs of milk, it said:
"Then Katrine, you of certain you know how to dance. I perfectly remember me that when we were children we have danced together different times to the parties of country."
Katrine, stunned still by the embarrassment that you/he/she had pervaded her the limbs, you/he/she had not absolutely listened to the voices of the two boys. The only thing to reach through her eyes right-hand the heart, was that natural gesture of Jasmine, and now to have her/it to us of forehead there, free and discovered as not even a child could perhaps afford, she left her/it even more stunned of before.
"Katrine, bushels well? You come, take a seat an instant."
Paul, the most sensitive of the three, softly taken the hand of the girl, it accompanied him to a chair and it handed her a glass of water. Katrine crossed his look and the lukewarm sea that it crossed him/it it gave back to her the conscience and the voice. 
"You excuse, it is that I have never seen the music, that is I have never listened to the music, if not to the parties of country, as I have never seen anybody dance out of some recurrence."
Francois, vexed by the fact that his/her more timid and reserved twin had taken in hand the reins of the situation with such a perspicacity, he launched immediately trained for regaining the record that was up to him.
"You know, Katrine, the timid footsteps of dance that you have seen poc'anzi alone son the heating to the pirouettes and the stunts that we usually do after we are heated there and, considering that us three form a couple and half, I don't see badly anything of if starting today you will participate already in our insane relaxation making justice to the couple monca, that I would be me in this case."
Paul looked at Francois of sbieco, hating his awkward hulling that, however, you/he/she had theoretically brought already Katrine among his/her braccias. You bursted to laugh, a hysterical rice, between the joy and the weeping.
"I am not able, if mine father saw me, he would kill me session."
Then Jasmine intervened.
"But your father doesn't live at all from us, and you/he/she would not be him permitted to climb up to here without having been perlomeno announced by our governess."
Saying this, he/she jumped down from the windowsill, it made few footsteps meeting to Katrine, it grabbed her the wrists throwing her/it above from the chair, if it tightened her/it adherent to the body and, a, two, three, departed to the gallop with a raging waltz. The body of Katrine obeyed as for magic to that impulse. Its brain had still been immovable to reason on the possibility that his/her father discovered her/it, but meanwhile its body already abandoned every sort of hesitations to give him bound to the lack of restraint of the provocative Jasmine. The accounts of the impudent Francois him volatilizzarono pushed by the rotear of the skirt of his/her/their sister, and it didn't stay him that muover dances together with his/her brother. 
That day Katrine got back home later of the usual one, but when it excused him with the family, alleging the motive for his/her delay to the application of the cook to help her/it in the kitchen for the supper, and that the thing would be repeated for every day to come, his/her parents they didn't beat eyelash, so much they were needy of the money that his/her daughter earned in that house.
This way the beautiful nymph Dumont was conquered that space of his of liberty that by now it deserved him from too much time. The affinity that as soon as wound the four dancers seemed to inebriate the soft air of that sunsets, that made him light during that moments to transmit more softly the sonorous waves of the crowd of tools sent forth by the loudspeakers positioned on the wicker chairs. That terrace, in that breakers, it became a sophisticated ballroom to the presence of the King Alone in person or, sudden, you/he/she could turn into a smoky place in New Orleans, crowded of heavy hands of black performers that recreated the primitive and carnal sonorities jazz-blues. The boys, alone or continually exchanging himself/herself/itself couple, they danced mute, intoxicated by the powerful hits of their hearts in ecstasy. The words were recreated by their gestures in movement how instinctive ripercorrevano the whole dictionary steineriano of the eurhythmics.
One day happened that the beating rain ran over the ground of their ballroom darkening her/it. Katrine, inside the living room, it fixed through the glasses his/her footstep for the liberty, had been contaminating for the envious time that deprived her/it some joy. Francois and Paul entered silent in the room, they positioned the loudspeakers of forehead the great glass door and Jasmine it started making to turn on the turntable an energetic R & B. The twins opened wide the glass door and, dragging himself/herself/itself behind Katrine, they were thrown under to the rain dancing, Jasmine in an instant it was already with them to laugh and to howl madly. 
The hostile drops had become friends. With their beating ritmavano and they emphasized every movement of that florid bodies. Their gestualità reached a depth mystical meaning. The fizzy freshness of the water, that opposed with the heat of the unbridled heated up bodies, waked up again in every single cell a so ecstatic and powerful emotional variety that the four tried together the peak of an orgasm, simply dancing and grazing each other himself/herself/itself with the levità of their chaste skin. That day Francois kissed on the mouth Katrine, to the sudden one, of escaped, and after few instants, in the uproar of that convulsive orgy of gestures, it was the face of Jasmine to appear from now on to the eyes of Katrine, and magnetically the two girls melted their lips together and their bodies of reflex they were glued together more than the same adherent suits that had on, soaked of rain. That same evening the adventures of Katrine would not be so exhausted. Reentered in house, Francois and Paul they vanished in their respective rooms to dry and to rearrange him for the supper. Katrine wore his/her heavy wool suit that was very wet to be oppressed her breath. Jasmine, that had not stopped from the kiss of before anymore of to maliciously stare at her/it, stormed in that humming silence, after that lack of restraint without limits, with delicate and thoughtful voice. 
"Katrine, so tanned you are not able certain to return home. You come in my room, we dry there and we systematize well there for."
Smiled Katrine her and it followed her/it in the room. You enter that were, Jasmine locked the door and the soaked suit removed from him. He/she wore a bra and a very contained culotte, that his/her mother would have judged an ashamed intimate for girls of malaffare. In an instant the girl was finished stripping and stayed completely naked in front of Katrine, that she didn't know anymore whether to look. 
"You can look me, I am not offended at all me. It is normal that the girls are scrutinized, it belongs to their nature as owls. You have on still that sack of potatoes bathed! What do you wait to get away? You come that I help you."
Jasmine crouched him to the feet of the friend, taken the inferior extremity of the suit and it softly unthread him/it to you. Katrine had the initial instinct to cover his/her nudities, but then it surrendered to the cares of the friend that, with a towel you/he/she had started to dry her the neck and the breasts, then it passed to the braccias to the back and the legs. Katrine was to the height of the excitement and, when the friend gave her the towel, you/he/she was her turn to dry the body of Jasmine, massaging him/it delightfully. When it passed on the soft blond pubic hair of Jasmine and descents on the thighs, the friend, with a thread of voice, it exhorted her/it.
"I pray you, not to stop you, dry there still me!" 
Katrine restarted to massage with the towel the center of the legs of Jasmine. He/she knew what you/he/she was doing. Alone you/he/she was often found again to sink in that sinful to like among the covers of his/her bed. Jasmine reached the apex of the pleasure and a small smothered cry it went out of her lips. Then Jasmine removed the towel from her hands, it abandoned him on the bed divaricandole the legs and it reciprocated her the pleasure. It was very skilled that Katrine made him all redhead when it realized that the towel was totally drenched and dank, and this was not imputable to the only rain. When Katrine got back home, his/her father took to howl become furious. He/she asked her where you/he/she was chased. By now it was almost night, the supper had already been being cooled by now for two hours. You were justified sustaining that the rain had gathered her on the road of the return, for that it had the soaked dress, and that it was very frightened for the thunders, that you/he/she had crouched under to a big tree to take refuge from the icy water. The excuse held up and you/he/she could not go otherwise, Katrine had by now in face the strength of the winner. You/he/she was living so strong events in that period to invest her/it of a halo of omnipotence. It didn't have any sense of guilt. You made account that the ethic didn't have any power on its psyche, she wanted to live and to know and nothing would have limited her.
Those idyllic evenings, dyed with the carnal vermilion red of the tramontante alone, they purchased the opulent procacità of mature June with the full heavy leafy branches of the trees of delicious fruits and sensual adult leaves that hypnotized for the depth of their verdone more and more. The humors, the odors and I impelled him some four boys, that enjoyed him their secret arrogant person, they penetrated in the bowel of that game, feeding that licentiousness that let the two boys went crazy and to inebriate the girls for their attentions. Despite the beautiful season you/he/she had already turned on the scorching air to them surrounding, the group was mainly ventured by now in dances to two, more and more tightened the one to the other. Fixed couples, Paul and Francois didn't exist they fairly exchanged the perfumes and the candid braccias of the two dames, and it was not rare that Jasmine, of own initiative, Katrine embraced for fondly dancing with the friend as nymphs in a pond.	
Then, for them two there were only that game secret, initiated in the room of Jasmine, that had become in the relationship among the two young girl by now an usual rite. Katrine was amused and happy to be able to share the pleasure and the complicity with a friend in so intimate way. On the other side, however, Jasmine was totally overpowered by the powerful infatuation for his/her companion of adventures and ache sometimes concealed the jealousy that naturalness provoked her with which the body of Katrine tied him in dance to that masculine of one of its brothers.

IX
The stormy novelty of that days was the unexpected arrival of a cousin of Jasmine from mother, come from Paris for a period of relax. The boy was the typical Parisian bohemien. Writer, played the piano, you/he/she brought long hair and you/he/she smoked cigarettes that you/he/she was rolled alone. The only particularity that distinguished him/it from the French of that city was totally its Italian origin. His/her family was transferred from Milan to Paris for job when he was already fourteen years old.
Of his/her sudden arrival in that lost angle of France, the boys didn't know a lot. You/he/she had been only said theirs that that cousin had sent him/it the family with the excuse of a reconstituent vacation there. The city life, in fact, was said that sooner or later stressasse the metropolitan inhabitants, suffocated by the crowd, from the frenzy of the activities, from the aerial and acoustic pollution. Words, these, that totally came unknown and incomprehensible to the ears of the group of boys that it made of all to break the monotonous rural immobility.
The reality of the history was that Giuliano, this the name of the boy, had a very stormy mistake of Milanese life. Since child the liberty of the street life had fully lived. The taste and the odor that you/he/she had gotten used to recognize as relative it was that of the asphalt, of the a little advisable cafes, where he/she revered with childish look the desperate musicians that followed him with their insane exhibitions in those taverns stracolme of smoke, of drunkards and of prostitutes. His/her parents followed few his/her child because of their small textile firm to family management that stole them the totality of the own quotidianità.
The transfer of the family in the beautiful Paris didn't benefit at all to what the common people it defines "rectitude of the customs" of the boy. His evident propensity to the dissolute life already brought him/it shortly to frequent an entourage of poets and artists you launch that, as Bible, revered the Flowers of the evil of Baudelaire. Giuliano started to do daily use of opium, alcohol, absinthe and all of this that the slums of the city could give him. The artificial heaven in which was thrown headfirst you/he/she was finally interrupted by the wish genitoriale that broke that unworthy mechanism that his/her child would have brought baudeleriana to the destruction, confining him/it in a college. Everything this when Giuliano had just completed the sixteenth year of life.
That summer when it was expeditious in vacation to Cheverny, it already had to his/her shoulders a whole year of college where you/he/she was distinguished as a willing boy in the study and desirous to ransom the really sinful past. Its prize for the finished efforts during that year of redemption from the dissolute life that had up to before duct, was a free summer from the rigid barracks rules of the college. His/her parents, however, thought well about sending him/it the most distant possible from the metropolitan environment and from his/her deadly temptations.
Here explained the cause for which the young Giuliano landed during that sultry June in that oasis of blessed immobility. It was to the time of lunch that the landlords introduced the young guest to their children. The boys knew about his/her existence from the genealogical tree of their family, but you/they would never be waited for to find again him/it to him one day of forehead, in meat and bones.
Jasmine Giuliano liked a lot immediately it. It had a look that didn't limit him to observe the surface. When it fixed it seemed to strip his/her own interlocutor and her malicious flirtation it realized that, whatever movement or gesture she did, he snatched her the forms of the body through the dresses and it skimmed through her the soul ritmando with imperceptible movements of his/her lips her delicious breath. Francois immediately realized that the new arrival had personality to sell, and it already tortured him the fingernails to the alone thought to see him dethroned from its position of cockerel of the flock; while his/her twin, Paul, had the attitude typical of his/her reflexive nature. The guest scrutinized with a lot of circumspection, you/he/she weighed every single word of this last and you/he/she avoided that their looks were crossed.
Of other song Giuliano, also not having available, during that first meeting with his/her cousins, the old kermesse of histrionic artists and uninhibited dames highly that had delineated the contours of his/her trail existence, it was equally euphoric and enthusiastic to finally have had the possibility to almost converse freely with of his contemporary, out in that grey jail ch'era his/her fixed abode in that last year. Him, smiling hypnotic to Jasmine, he/she asked her:
"How old you are now, cuginetta?"
Jasmine was wounded from that inopportune term of endearment that ridiculed the attitude of perfect dame of court that up to that moment you/he/she had maintained.
"Expensive Cuginetto, let's be smaller peers, considering that I have sixteen of it and you have seventeen of them, according to how much my father says, even if to the first glance seem me more than the age of my smaller brothers, that have fifteen of them!"
His/her father brusquely intervened.
"Jasmine, doesn't seem me really the case that you free your cousin offends if you/he/she affectionately addresses you, you don't find?"
Jasmine, from the most bifurcate language of a harpy, it specified:
"But dad, I wanted to simply be nice with him telling him that he maintained young! Or do you prefer that I/you/he/she tell him that, as soon as have I seen him, did I think pits his/her dad for as you/he/she had dug the eyes and for the roughness of his/her face?"
Giuliano clearly had the test that that ragazzina of country was not then so ingenue as it appeared to its family and it anticipated her father. 
"My dear Jasmine, sees, the face tells our vicissitudes, our experiences, represent in short the diary of our past, and I gather the occasion to admonish to do you so that the experiences that will mark you the face is all positive and constructive ones. It Avoids the apparent, greedy and easy temptations that will make you commit errors to which you will be forced to mend with sacrifice and repentance. This I tell you him from the small one of mine lived and to this point as worthy conclusion my reflection, I want to thank your parents to have entertained me in your house giving me the possibility to breathe of the good air and of the healthy principles."
Not as soon as it finished pronouncing the last word, the mysterious French italo laced you, as believer companion, an ample smile, too much mature for a boy of as soon as seventeen years, that it sent straight on the lips of the young girl.
Jasmine, already ready to tone risponder to the fools games of words of that boaster, that other purpose didn't have whether not to confirm the fact that her for him pits only a snotty, to that smiled spiazzante it reacted jolting embarrassed and the language accidentally himself/herself/itself. To that point you/he/she could not do anything else other than to swallow the pain, blood mixture and saliva, together with that sharp bitter arrow that had defeated her, not having succeeded in re-sending her/it to the sender.
After the lunch the two twins dispersed him for the country in saddle to their horses, regardless to make the respects of house. The father of the two, acknowledged him too late by now the escape, you/he/she could not do anything else other than to entertain the young Giuliano showing him the house, telling him nice episodes of the calm departed past and, comes that you/he/she was to the library, you/he/she drew an enormous breath of relief in to be of forehead his/her daughter, comfortably in armchair, intenta to read him a novel. With an excuse the man immediately left the burden to handle the relaxation of the young one to his/her/their daughter, an appointment improrogabile inventing himself/herself/itself that had forgotten. This way Jasmine found again him together with that hateful boaster, without even not having his intimate allied, Katrine, busy to hurry the domestic matters with the governess. The proud young girl, however, was not prepared to make good face to bad fate, and you/he/she didn't even recite for an instant the healthy principles of the good hospitality. Simply it kept on reading ignoring that being sat on the armchair in front of her. Giuliano extracted from the pocket of his/her black jacket of flax a silver portasigarette, it opened him/it, it threw out a handful of tobacco and a map, a cigarette was rolled, it rubbed the match on the heel of its boots and in the room it spread the odor of the sulphur. Lit up the cigarette, it inhaled deeply and it threw out a sharp pain cloud of smoke that ran over the haughty young girl. Jasmine didn't surrender to that vulgar provocation, it curled a moment the nose, but it immediately recomposed then on his/her face the impassive expression of annoyed dame. It was him to break that silence with the hoarse one of a deep and low voice, alternated by a breath almost troubled, attractive and intimate.
"Enchanting Jasmine, must forgive my sharp language that has offended you during our first lunch together. The bad taste that I have shown you giving you some child was alone a childish way to provoke to enjoy you some multiplicity of your expressions. You are a great deal an attractive and provocative woman, the sinuosities of your body so difficult son to be concealed that, also if you wear a simple girl suit of country, your forms ransom the feline essence of the sweet sensuality. Be very beautiful and, to table, in front of your family, was me impossible to so shamelessly admit you him!"
Silence.
The eyes of Jasmine, from the moment in which he had sat on that armchair, you/they had not stopped fixing the same page the same line. It immediately seemed her evident that whoever would have realized ch'ella you/he/she was not really reading. And meanwhile an intrusive blush the painted him in face! Anybody never in his/her life you/he/she was allowed to speak to her in so free and explicit way, nobody had ever shown so clearly her to consider her/it a desirable prey for the masculine universe. He had talked her of his/her body to desire, had looked at her, surely had him also imagined naked! A sopraffino to like heated her the abdomen. Those words would have been sure subject on which to day-dream, when you/he/she would be found to play alone, or with the friend, with its body. But in that breaker, the embarrassment that had pervaded her in front of so much game novelty, made her impossible any replica. They still spent endless minutes, Giuliano always stared at her/it, without never lowering the look, while her eyes were fleeing, as those of a reproached child, that would want to maintain the tall look, but without absolutely succeeding us. 
"Jasmine, is looking you at the legs, you have her too discoveries" it told a vocina in her head.
You, however, didn't dare to settle, you/he/she would still have been more ridiculous than that that you/he/she was already appearing. Giuliano, at the end, it drew a long breath, it got up from the armchair and it told her with calm voice.
"Dear, I go to seek some joy elsewhere, I have need to take care of my worn-out soul, even see you later.
"Jasmine, that shows up from fool have done!her " exploded as soon as he went out of the room.
It threw the book in earth and runs in front of the great mirror in the corridor, it was observed by top to fund and it bursted in a roaring laughter. 

X
A strange feeling of peace pervaded that city metropolitan to the presence of the seraphic calm of the rural environment, with his docile and multiform tones of color, that however they seemed all so you graduate and delicate to seem colorless, almost opaque; the placid silence, alternated by the thin echis of small animals or near and distant bugs, in a flash, it turned him into the mind of the variegated Giuliano in a deaf humming that presaged the arrival of the oppressive boredom. It wandered about for some in the outskirts of the house as a dog around the residence of his/her own master. Then, exhausted for the uselessness of his/her condition, he laid down defeated on the lawn behind the building. 
"Nothing! Has possible been so stupid not to have been thought about bringing me behind not even a pezzettino of hashish or a top of marijuana?"
And while you/he/she was thinking of us, he realized that, from the moment in which had been confined in that bleak college, you/he/she had been forced to estrange from those diabolic attractions. 
Boredom is worse of the sadness. 
The sadness is worse of the fear. 
The fear is worse of the regret. 
The regret is worse of the remorse. 
The remorse is worse of the hate. 
Sex is the only solution or at least the most pleasant palliative to that uselessness. It doesn't change the world that surrounds us, but at least after that action, the outside seems us very more reduced and less arrogant person of before. It was there, stretched out of side on that annoying threads of grass that tickled him the ear and they dampened his shoulder. You/he/she would have preferred to do as the clochards of city, stretched out on the smooth raincoat dry sidewalk, without any surprise to his/her inside.
"Accursed ants!Giuliano " shouted hoisting himself/herself/itself on the knees and nervously shaking the head.
The spread out cloths on the long thread in front of him took to stir together with its head lowly laughing. You rubbed then the eyes, and he/she remained with an interrogative look to fix the candid suspended sheets. Behind of them flowed a head of hair color later wheat and few second appeared in front of him a flourishing face of nymph. Katrine launched him a look of fire and Giuliano he embarrassed as from years it didn't happen him more than forehead to a woman. Then it was her to change color and the vermilion that it enveloped those sweet cheeks, it was the glare that left Giuliano petrified, without giving him way to appropriate some situation. When he freed from the sudden emotional obstacle, she had disappeared. But who was? Possible that in an only handkerchief of country earth, had two girls already turned on him the pyre of the deep desires? This impetus of his was certainly caused also by the being is segregated for well one year in a masculine college, that had allowed him to enjoy some company of the gentil alone sex in sporadic weekend of free exit, with the prostitutes of the zone and for no more than a few times to the time. To put aside from the lack of female figures in the last year of his/her life, recognized however, to these two girls an ascendancy and a vitality extremely attractive. You/they were surrounded by a florid brightness that spiazzava. And meanwhile, while it was reflecting on the evident differences between a girl of city and one of country, it day-dreamed on the perfect match that could derive from this union. You/he/she would be stopped for a longer time certainly the possible in that place, he/she now knew to thing to inhale during those tedious days of country. You/he/she would have pursued, imprisoned and consumed the young humors of those docile fairies. 
To the sunset Jasmine, Katrine, Paul and Francois met him on the footstep of their ballroom, the balcony of the stately colonial house that became dark together with the dying sun.
"You have also seen him you?Jasmine " whispered to the ear of Katrine. 
"Who? That strange type with the long hair that he/she talks to the ants and it stays mute in front of a girl?"
The two young girl started to flirt on the ambiguous guest of the family, while the two twins pawed and him ingelosivano for the clamor that Giuliano had brought with his/her arrival. The disk already turned on the plate and well soon the words left space to their usual lack of restraint; their dances, personal and delirious, that brought them to you go crazy only cells to like of a rural fabric of joy.
But here that the unexpected guest had already come up to their oasis of liberty. There, on the same steps where Katrine was paralysed for the embarrassment, it fixed the young imbizzarritis, and when they finally noticed him/it him unlike she, didn't embarrass at all him. It did all other. It ran into the group, armed with an ample smile and of rapacious eyes, and it started circling really in the instant in which the boys stopped doing him/it and they stared at him/it. Giuliano, however, kept on dancing in loneliness, then with a release it grabbed Katrine that taken to dance with him without rationally having him/it definite. It was his/her body to obey to the foreigner. In the eyes of ignited Jasmine the spark of the jealousy, for his/her friend, for that bastard that had provoked her exciting her/it and now you/he/she had ignored her embracing Katrine. The two brothers stayed impaled as awkward birds without wings on tall branches. Paul knitting the forehead, become impatient by his/her incapability to react, Francois tightening the fists, attacked by the desire to break does her/it to that clown. An instant still and Jasmine pushed Katrine tearing her/it from the braccias of Giuliano and, really while this last was reapproached to the two girls to continue the dance, Francois it darted against the sferròs and he a fist in full face. Giuliano tottered senseless, but it didn't fall; the bloody lip touched him and bursted to laugh. 
"Small cuginetto, has made me bleed! Do you know that now, being greater than you, should I punish you for at least a week?"
Francois, with the red hot eyes, it snarled him against.
"Considering that keep on provoking me really to my house, now I won't do you more to go down from here until won't have taken you for some to kicks in the culo!"
Giuliano hesitated perplexed, it threw out then a handkerchief and it was collided with the wound. 
"Francois, doesn't know really who are challenging. Son grown in the slums in Milan, then in Paris. To fists I took there for game with my best men. With the rivals we usually took there to stabs, therefore it allows to lose. For this time forgives you."
Saying this set out to low head toward the stairway, but Francois interrupted his/her exit of scene.
"Ok, made then to give only a pair of slaps to discharge me and I leaves you free to go."
To that point left half open Giuliano the eyes, inhaled deeply and in a beating of eyelash he launched on Francois. With the open right hand it covered him the mouth and the nose, while with the other one supported to the nape it held him pressed the face in the vice. His/her cousin tried to toss, but an expert trip forced him/it in knee. The aggressor smiled at the others.
"According to you how much second will want before stops getting excited this way. It will need sooner or later air. 
To that point Paul, that until then you/he/she had been paralyzed from the fear, it stuck to the braccias of Giuliano to try to separate them. At first this last seemed to want to react against the other brother, but then it consented to loosen the vice. It was just free Francois it retried to fling against the aggressor, but weakly, and to Giuliano all it took is stopping grabbing him/it to it for the hair.
"I have not given you any lesson. I want only to go. If I/you had wanted to avenge me, to this time you would not have dared anymore even look me in face. Stop to feel her/it resentment in my comparisons, I don't try in yours of it."
Says this, it set out on the stairway spitting some blood in earth.
"That devil combines? If dad knew that have struck our guest, would end indeed all in the troubles!Jasmine " told Francois, that still in knee he/she fought with his/her eyes not to make them shed tears, and raced suffered by Giuliano. 
"It waits, excuse. My brother has not accustomed to have extraneous people for house, is really a bear!" 
"Of nothing young girl, has the so short memory that I have already forgotten thing is happened." 
"But your face has not forgotten, are still bleeding! You come an instant in my room that I cure you."
The takings for an arm and if it threw him/it behind.
"If really you care to my lips, then I will be forced to follow you." 
They inserted in the room of the girl and Giuliano he/she gently closed the door smiling.
"Take a seat here, I take the disinfectant in the closet" Jasmine said pushing Giuliano on the bed.
When her taken the vial of the disinfectant and the wadding, and it directed him from the wounded, him made account to the sudden one of the ambiguous situation in which was chased. That boy, really on his/her bed, with the door of the closed room and the hot summer that infuocava the minds of the young people, included his.
"Jasmine" it said among itself "bushels joking with the fire. but how many times have you imagined to find again you alone with a beautiful proper boy in your room?  a dream that comes true or a booby-trap in which you don't owe incappare?"
Meanwhile you/he/she had sat close to Giuliano and you/he/she was softly colliding with him the wound. He held I fix the look in low, on her thighs, that also realizing him of it, it felt a hot flash of heat heat her the abdomen that prevented her from making to stop that immodest way to look at her/it.
"Calm Jasmine, you and I are alone, I don't want neither to force you the hand neither to bother you. I know that you like to be looked and I like to look you; it crosses the legs and discover more her, it will be more amusing."
You limited him to cross the legs, he threw her more on the suit. It looked at her fixed and she died to like, at that time you/he/she would have done all that that Giuliano had asked her. It didn't have the courage of any initiative, but it was certain that you/he/she would have obeyed whatever application of that half stranger. Then he made her fall before one, then the other shoulder strap of the suit, with the light touch of a hand it untied her the bra and her he/she remained to open breasts, redhead in face for the shame and for the excitement. 
"Lifted Jasmine, you make to fall the suit in earth."
She obeyed. 
"Unthread the last garment and will seem the Venus of the Botticelli!"
You also consented to that application. It was naked, standing, in front of a man that didn't even have him still grazed. Then he abandoned him on the bed and it started to undress. He/she was ahead her naked.
"You have ever touched, Jasmine?"
"Yes, I have done him." 
"Then touched, while I touch me." 
You, completely stunned for all that that was so quickly happening, sipped his/her desires touching himself/herself/itself and groaning. He did the same. They looked but they didn't dare to touch the one the body of the other. Giuliano, to the height of the pleasure, taken to rub on her breasts and after few instants it plentifully came, flooding her/it of a warm liquid that she even suspected existed. Then him he threw on and it dressed him in a lightning.
"I escape, damsel. If someone rouses here me inside, both we would find us in an ugly matter." 
It almost went out of raced from the room and smiled satisfied of his/her shrewdness; a good girl of country would have been able to easily tell to have been seduced without making I count and to be on him gimmick that molester. But as you/he/she would have been able to explain what had happened in that room? Free and individual eroticism, each has thought for itself and each you/he/she has done what it really felt like doing. Giuliano, in past, you/he/she had known too many friends that were found again inserted by these so-called ones "good girls" and him by now it had his/her personal method to have relationships "sure", that didn't implicate him future boredom. With the girls of malaffare, you/he/she could freely enjoy instead the whole female world, without risking future repercussions apart some crab louse and some annoying infection of the genital apparatus.
That same evening Katrine returned home dragging with itself a heavy feeling of discouragement ever tried before. It was the bother and the sadness to have realized that its angle of heaven could easily be mined by the external world, or perhaps, if well it reflected, the most undesirable feeling had been the fact that the friend he was dispersed by the situation without not even returning to greet her/it. 
"Oh my God, is jealous of him!it " exclaimed to tall voice and in the same moment in which it pronounced that sentence it acknowledged what you/he/she was admitting to herself.
What horrendous situation he was delineating. Even if Jasmine had never confided him/it to you, it broadly had already intuition that his/her friend had a weak for Giuliano. For the first time they were found in competition among them, and you/they could not count on their complicity.
The evening later, on the terrace, halfhearted and sulkier, the four usual ballet dancer found again him. They attached to make to play a disk, but nobody departed to dance. The footstep was empty their immovable languages. Their eyes limited him to fix the respective shoes, almost invoking to decide them to her to move the first footstep, considering that the feet to the inside were inhibited, so much to be seemed of ice. To break the shady starvation of that breaker, was really the individual that had caused the beginning of it. Giuliano climbed the stairway in point of feet with the head and the eyes covered by a more relaxed old straw hat, the hands in pocket and the shoulders slightly bent. The exact opposite posture of the day before, in which was introduced bold to upset the quiet of the company.
"Hi to everybody, I/you/they have first of all come again from you to excuse me of my impertinence of yesterday. I wanted only to socialize, but unfortunately I am not very good in to compare me with the others. Then to you, Francois, wanted to give this knife. It is a way to excuse me for my arrogance. You it is true you have attached me, but this is your house, and I have unjustly violated one space of yours deprived without asking you the permission. The neighbor turns, if a braggart meets, show him/it to him, and will see that will save yourself a beautiful po' of boredom! I leave you to your things." 
It turned the heels and it did for setting out. Francois, with his/her new knife in hand, an instant hesitated, then takings courage.
"Approved excuses, Giuliano. If you want to stay here with us, I swear that I will try not to chase you. And then, if some problem rose, I now have my knife, and I immediately would put the things to place!dark Francois " told face, for then to burst to laugh.
"Am joking, eh!"
Giuliano took to laugh with him.
"Ah, thought less badly than being chases me from the frying pan to the fire. I thank you for the invitation, but we would be odd and I don't want to change the equilibriums of the couples."
Jasmine, that had not dared lift the earth eyes for the whole time, considering with embarrassment to the folly of the day before, it whispered as soon as his/her position to respect.
"For me you should stay. Six guest of ours, cannot stay only."
Did Paul give his/her tacit consent nodding with the head and Katrine? Katrine was by now abducted from his/her invaghimento for that young, mysterious citizen, that faked not to pay her attention but that, for some instants, it launched her red hot looks that were dispersed then sudden ritrasformando that eyes in empty sad opals that left her/it spaesata. She had perfectly realized what Giuliano it tried to disguise with all of his/her strengths. It had a weak for her but every time that it tried to bring forth a some approach him it felt stupid, awkward how come in his/her life.
"If really you insist, I will be here then sits to look at to dance you of it." 
That evening, however, the eyes of Giuliano captured only the colors emitted by the harmonic features of Katrine. By now in his/her cuor you/he/she had already chosen verse what young girl to hock his/her own thoughts, and thanks to the experience lived with Jasmine, now even his/her mind it had more doubts. Katrine realized since immediately to have that fixed voracious eyes on her and reciprocated the fixity of that look with fleeing, but deep glances, that were dipped warm in the brown lake of the eyes of Giuliano and they moved him the soul. Deluded Jasmine him to have seen badly and that in truth Giuliano looked at her, but it was afraid to accent platealmente that his/her to do and to risk to make suspicious his/her brothers. 
Closed the dances, Katrine set out homeward, wound by an euphoria and by an uncontrollable desire.
"He looked me fixed. I would do everything that that asks me, and I don't even know him/it!" he repeated Katrine to tall voice, unaware that his/her lover had followed her for the stradina of country that she had taken.
Suddenly the it protected ahead him sprouting from behind an oak.
"Everything that that I want? Have just admitted him!Giuliano " began.
The young girl made back a leap to the for the fear and awkwardly fell in earth. Giuliano threw her/it on and holding her/it among the braccias he went to hide among the soft grass, to the shelter from the road, and it abandoned him on the green mantle. Katrine had in front of her the beautiful figure of Giuliano that hacked him imposing in that set apart angle of calm country and her it was to his/her feet, inactive and enjoying to be nanny of that man.
Giuliano stripped him completely in front of her, it drew near her, it unthread her the heavy tunic that covered her/it and it started to kiss her neck, the breasts, the abdomen, the inside of the thighs, for then to go up again and to still plough with lips and language the candid beaches, profaned already by his/her raging passion. You touched him/it, also not knowing at all as it did him with a man, and it died to like to have among the hands a masculine member. Then him the divaricòs the legs and it entered her, before softly, then always pushing stronger, and sinking in her more and more. Katrine goes crazy of passion, it howled, it him/it, it incited him/it to take her/it with more strength.
"I am yours now, can do what want of it of me!" went repeating him to the ear, while it was bite him/it and it licked him/it.
Finally he didn't withstand anymore and it came totally emptying himself/herself/itself in her. They were extended there, immovable, one above the other for an endless mezz'ora of paradisiacal fainting. Then both got back home, senseless and happy as not never. The day later, the first fear of Katrine was the feeling to inexorably have hurt the feelings of its intimate friend. Even if Jasmine had never confessed her some interest for Giuliano, she had noticed the deep attraction that suffered his/her friend for that mysterious youth. It didn't suspect, however, what was happened among the two, therefore it didn't warn some sense of guilt. You/he/she had been Giuliano to decide and you/he/she had chosen her. The day passed in black and white and even the magic moment of the dance didn't get some effect in the mind of Katrine. Everything of his/her being was projected on the road of the return to house, when Giuliano would have possessed under still her to the leafy branches of the oaks. His/her mysterious rider would again have pursued her, of this was certain. 
This ch'ella hoped, it not only happened that day, but also in all the others to come. By now the meetings among the two lovers they were fixed and more and more passionate. Jasmine immediately acknowledged the history among the two, and only after long days of silence he/she confessed to the friend to have understood all and to have been seduced in turn by that sinister character ch'era Giuliano. Initially Katrine stayed upset by the news, but the passion was very strong and Giuliano knew how to be so convincing in to make to be forgiven, that that momentary shade on their relationship immediately disappeared without leaving trace. 

XI
The autumn and Giuliano it came, that would have had to leave Cheverny at the end of the summer, it postponed his/her departure. The raging attraction that had unexpectedly invested him/it, inexorably chained him/it to the feet of that young dame of country. Him however you/he/she would not have been able to stay forever in that remote angle of world, and opposite, scapestrato and penniless as it was, you/he/she could not even afford to marry Katrine and to bring him her street to Paris. His/her father would have come soon to pick him/it with the strength to bring him/it to the college and him up, you/he/she didn't have anymore by now any intention to return there.
The discovery of the pregnancy of Katrine was to decide the fates of the unprovided couple. Lowered in the new matter that had come to delineate, Giuliano strongly felt the need to be with her, soaked to the new sense of the duty risen towards that future child. The young girl would also have made anything to be next to his/her lover, therefore you/he/she was him to decide the to make.
"Will escape away from everything and everybody!Giuliano " said with thundering voice an evening.
The rain roared sharp pain and violent on the terrace to the last floor of the colonial house and the echo of that beating it dinned in the room imperious and threatening, as it was a bad premonition, a warning that held you gave the minds of the two persons in love on their choices. Katrine trembled of fear to the alone idea to be open from his/her father and at the same time a quiver of anomalous joy it amplified that tremor childishly making her/it unstable, sat on one of the two big wicker chairs, that had supported the loudspeakers wild orchestratori of his/her emotional liberation. Perhaps it was who knows the chair, that waved still imperceptibly some pleasant played harmonies that summer and the body of Katrine it naturally entered resonance with the ghost of those music and he/she didn't succeed really to star firm.
"Tell me thing I must do and I will do him/it. I am afraid but I would follow you anywhere!Katrine " whispered to Giuliano while it was maintaining the fixed eyes on the door, timorous that someone could enter of hit.
Suddenly then this opened and Jasmine entered with the tears to the eyes and a big casket among the hands.
"You excuse, I have not made to less less than listen to your conversation from behind the door. Katrine, is pregnant, I am happy for you, but at the same time I die to the idea that you must escape and to leave here me alone. I know that if you will go away, we won't see anymore probably there again. To escape, however, seems me the only possible thing to save you from the anger of our families. In this casket there are all of my savings. To me they don't serve, pick them up you, will have a big need of it. I will talk to the stableman, he has a weak for me, I will surely convince him/it to give you the horses of my brothers and it will pretend, then, that have stolen them to you with the deception."
You/he/she could not say anything, it bursted in hiccups and it hid the face among the hands. Katrine raced to embrace her/it and together, between kisses and caresses, they consumed every tear of their eyes, that however it didn't extinguish the prickly pain for theirs by now definite separation.
It was late night when, in saddle to the two stallions, the couple abandoned the house. The rain had already stopped tormenting the air leaving the place to the dampness memory of its passage. For over a hour they galloped without standstill with the cold air that paralysed their faces. Any regret could reach them anymore, their hearts galloped faster than the themselves horses and, whatever world you/they had met on the other side, you/they would have faced him together. After weeks of mishaps they found a place whether to be able to finally begin their new life. Milan was the last destination of theirs to err. You/they were helped by some old friends of Giuliano. Then for him it was an instant to recognize the family turns underhand of the city that you/they had weaned him from little boy. 
In the meantime Dafne was born. The mole family modestly lived, without never being you/he/she deprives some bread, but without not even something more that you/he/she could create one some comfort. Dafne grew half for road, half under to the aegis it influences of good private teachers. Elderly retired teachers that, always for some unknown motive, they owed something or they asked help to her father for ordinary extra errands, and Giuliano made him pay in lessons for his/her/their daughter. These made her/it wise in all the classical subjects, in the music and even in the dance. 
To the ten year-old age Dafne, together with his/her/their father, owed face the hardest test of his/her life. His/her mother, Katrine, seriously got sick of pneumonia and in few days it exhaled the last breath. His/her father, blinded by the pain, he/she succeeded for well ten years to sustain himself/herself/themselves shiny alone thanks to the love and the sense of responsibility that it tried towards his/her daughter.
The witness of this existential relay race will pass, as you/he/she is obvious in all the genealogical trees of the history, in the hands of the direct descent. In this case, of Dafne. As has known his/her future husband and as has lived with him up to the moment of his/her tragic disappearance, they are irrelevant details compared to what it immediately sprang after that tragic event.

XII
An eternity instant, a whole life in an only pulsation of eyelashes. Centomila excites contained in one hundred seasons, existences inserted among them bottom to his/her eyes, existences broken to hurt under him the eyelids to the endless sky that overhung him/it from the tall one with his/her molt wisdom. An unbearable numbness and then a pain of bones shattered to the ground they invested his/her terrestrial existence, as it was fallen from the remote peak of the Olimpo. Of that atrocious spasm that pervaded him the body succeeded in freeing only thanks to the inhuman rattle of the man that he folds up under to the inexpressible weight of the endless one. The whole vicissitude of that extraneous family had lived, and he/she knew for some that had not been a case ch'egli you/he/she had learned the stories of those people. There was surely a connection with his/her past or future life that laced his/her destiny to that extraneous that you/he/she had spied from the tall one some celestial clouds, out of the time and out of any logical reasoning. Katrine, Jasmine, who knows where those stupendous creatures of whom you/he/she had shared the most secret emotions were now. The circle to the head that darkened him the thoughts was very heavy that didn't allow him to remember with real clarity the following events to the escape of Katrine. He/she knew to have observed to escape her/it with a man of whom he/she didn't absolutely remember the face, another preponderant figure of woman it was also certain there pits in that history but not of it rimembrava at all neither the features, neither tantomeno the name. 
You looked around still at hoping that in that mausoleum Egyptian something had stirred, but its hopes broke him on the rock-clifves of mute air that protected the insolent crypt that held him/it chained to the nothing. It was still incapable to stir and, for irony of the fate, stopped by invisible chains that held back him/it on a macaw as a ready kidskin to be immolated. The soliloquy of its soul was finally interrupted by the entrance in scene of the superb creator of that unfair action that bitterly it imprisoned him/it.
"My stupendous King, my enchanting lover, forgive me! I will put soon an end to the boredom of your immobility. My gesture is simply a way to make you avoid that narrow stanzetta in which you confine you. Starting today you won't have of it more need from the moment in which I have also succeeded to put an end to that cyclical imprisonment that held apart me, away from you and from the harmony that it unravels thanks to the mixture of ours golden. I will force you as I have made with myself to detach you from the horrendous dependence to the loneliness. You/he/she can also be traveled in two, of sure also more intensely that alone."
"Dafne, this time I don't absolutely feel like participating in one of your picturesque performances. What have done is unforgivable! You would not be never you due to allow to violate my liberty and now I ask you to do in way to free me to the quick one from this sorcery, otherwise my anger will become larger to the point to become uncontrollable. The harmony of which you speak is an univocal construction your personnel. Always remembered that I am a melody, I develop me hovering free in the time. The accord is the form stiffened of the melody. In the accord the melody dies!"
The eyes of Dafne subitamentes reddened and she was thrown on him hold to its breast.
"My love, prays you, it tries to trust me. Mine to do seems you dark, but it has a deep sense, it has an ineluctable explanation that will benefit to both. I will never limit yours endless to ascend, your natural inclination to progress as man and above all as Spirit. I want only to ask to allow you to channel me yours usual habits in different way, only momentarily, to avoid the irreparable one. Then you will see that everything will return as before, perhaps better of before."
Saint stared at her/it bewildered. He/she didn't succeed in being convinced of thing it could have happened to the divine nymph ch'era been always Dafne, acute and indomitable, free and without some limit that he/she forced her/it or that it did in way to force him to do something. In a beating of eyelashes, without any reasonable explanation, Dafne seemed to be incappata in a nightmare to which wanted to force to participate him/it. Even you/he/she would have been able her who knows to help. But for now, to Saint it interested only his/her liberty, the key to be able him to release from that paradox.
"Thing will return as before? What devil bushels saying, Dafne? Nothing is not happened, as far as I know, from the last time when I have still seen you wise. And I now awaken me paralyzed with you that I/you/he/she rave prey follies to the anguish. If want to make me edotto I concern even to the last developments of our existences and then to free me from this condition, I would be really thankful of it!" 
Dafne withdrew him in face. You removed from the breast of Saint and, sat him to his/her side, on the icy marble of the surly macaw, stage of their play, dampened him the lips with the language before starting to speak.
"I know well that you have gotten used to know everything or immediately to try to disclose what is inherent behind whatever symbol or motion of the existence. I know that you will never be satisfied yourself with to simply have faith, to submit you and to leave to bring you from a person that it loves yourself and that it desires the good of both. I know that my supplications won't be enough for making to keep silent your greed to see what to this grotesque event is under. Your essence will never surrender the rudder of your existence to my parsimonious hands, even for few brief days. Then, unwillingly for you and with mine immense relief, finishes here this to whine and these creeping blandishments that so much few me they are suitable him. My dear Saint, I love you deeply and everything that that I will do will be for us. It is not for making you a blame and of certain I won't deprive you of something irreplaceable, at least, not forever. Alas, yes, unfortunately I will force you not to do something and it is for me a depth pain to limit your liberty, believe me. But before you will accept yours new condition and before you will allow me to make you understand my decisions. Don't think about being able to be already able to understand what I will want to tell you. That of which I will make you edotto, can know him/it only with the heart, thanks to the feelings that not only wind our bodies, but also our souls. You believe only in the rationality and the intuitions, but yours to feel is debit, you don't absolutely lend listening to the other part of you. You are the exact one contrary of the common human beings. They melt him and they splash about in the feelings, totally deaf to whatever intuition them can touch. You, hover instead you to seven meters high from all of them, and never, even for an instant, you go down to sink your hands in the damp earth to rejoin you to one of your two origins. My dear genius, you, at least until when you will be also a human being, you belong for half to the sky and for the other half to the earth, therefore I will do in way to force to live you those inscrutable feelings that circulate under to your pale ivory skin."
Saint, that was restarting to take conscience of his/her own body hot tempered proruppe to the admonishment of Dafne:
"That you know about this alive ch'io inside? You believe that doesn't know the sharp taste of the naked earth, but you mistake you of big. If you knew something on the motions of the substances and above all around four elements you would stop speaking at random of feelings and intuitions. Something from you have learned him to me, but don't you believe that you should go down from your pedestal of haughtiness to really understand as the things they work? The feelings belong to the body, while the intuitions are what purely destined to the Spirit, but among these poles there is a continuous exchange that mixes them among them and it uninterruptedly regenerates them. The element water is one of the keys that it totally allows this miracle for you dark. It imbues him some earth for then to evaporate in sky and to deliver to the entity spiritual the quintessences of the immanent world, which celestial entities pour in it their imprint. Whenever every rains, down here we receive the gifts of the spiritual world. They permeate every thing and they are the cause of the life and the development of all the beings and the things that surround us. They represent the order of the nature, the oneness of every form and every present motion on this earth."
Dafne, offense and incapable to beat, it went out of the door from which you/he/she had entered without not even deigning him/it of a look. Well soon Saint succeeded in starting sitting and to move the braccias benumbed by the long immobility. Few instants and it was standing again. The rashness of its words was not then so much in line with its thought. After all he trusted Dafne, it was the only person really illuminated that you/he/she had known in his/her life. Everything the to do of her was nearly fruit of a way to be reasoned not, but its instinct made her/it a to be superior, able to develop his/her own abilities in impressive way. 
Why had she ever forced him/it in that condition? Thing he concealed under? Which reasonable inconfessabile motive could have reached to break their perfect cohabitation? The doubts that attacked Saint, however, didn't succeed in stopping its need of independence that pushed him/it to immediately break the stakes ch'ella you/he/she had tried to fix in its existence. It opened the door from which poc'anzi had disappeared its carceriera and it took the exit. You/he/she was invested by the full obscurity. For different time it was immovable to fix the void so that his/her eyes they got used to the dark, but this didn't happen. There was not even a crack on the other side that it made to slip out at least a thread of light. In the meantime the door from which you/he/she had entered him was closed. You/he/she suffered a sudden anxiety when he/she didn't succeed in finding her/it in that obscurity anymore. It started to wander gropingly, feeling her smooth walls of that place that in his/her mind plain pian took the semblances of a long corridor. That house knew her/it well. You/he/she would be waited, going out, the ample saloon surrounded by the bossy windows, follows then from the long corridor that offered an indefinite quantity of doors to the sight and, accordingly, of rooms. Had possible succeeded in making to camouflage so much the planimetria of the house? Yet the walls didn't seem at all of cartongesso. Dafne had available an army of workers to modify her scenes of his/her existential shows, but to build to that speed, was humanly impossible. unless, during his/her state of irresponsibility, you/he/she had not been brought by everything other part. The floor that him he introduced under to the feet it was of the same material of the walls. That corridor seemed endless, it continued to advance without finding an end. After very to wander seated in earth. At that time, warning the cold on the gluteis of that that to the touch it seemed pits marble, taken conscience to have remained, from when you/he/she was waked up again, naked for the whole time. The corridor surely introduced a circular form, the entrance or the entrances they probably had the possibility of alone access from the outside. Saint finally started to rationally reflect on where it was and as you/he/she could go out of that dark. Shortly after crouched in earth, in fetal position, he surrendered to a deep sleep.
To his/her awakening it attended him/it a banquet elegantly prepared with varied delights, prepared for two. He was extended on a soft cloth of violet velvet, his/her nudities wound in a refined person white tunic of flax. The stranger's architecture room in which was reawakened you/he/she was disclosed here and there just by the lucore of aromatic shed candles, sustained by the nobility of silvery candelabra of ancient invoice. Dafne, the diabolic and beautiful queen, by now absorbed in the new role of personal his/her carceriera, you/he/she had sat to the opposite side of the prepared table and, patiently it attended the awakening of his/her table companion, decorated by a light white mantle, kept adherent to the body thanks to three bejeweled pins, that, you stop to the two extremities of the fabric, respectively one to the height of the breasts, the other to that of the stomach and the last as soon as above the pube, it constituted the only his/her coverage. Saint got up from earth and him it went to sit on the vacant chair in front of the countess.
"To that game bushels playing? Where do you want to arrive? Could grab you for the neck now and to put an end to this unpleasant imprisonment!"
"This supper, my love, marks the beginning of our Royal marathon through all the dimensions of the time. We will be every time catapulted in new situations, we will live the stories of the most disparate characters, we will have available places and physical people to the service of our worlds. I don't want, however, that to decide our destinations both only me. To every goal it covers, every time that will conclude him one existential experience of ours, you will have available a notebook and a pen whether to be able to express your desires. In this way you won't need your fictitious astral trips anymore to know the possibilities and you insert him some existence. You can move without abandoning your body, and together, in meat and bones, we will live all the mixed intuitions to the real feelings."
"You are forcing me to undertake something with which I don't have any intention to report me. I already participated in your insane performances, they had a good time, and I liked to notice your ability in the immedesimarti in other worlds and the enjoyment that you tried in to surprise me. Don't believe, however, ch'io can give up this to which my Spirit fervently inhales. I am naturally suited to escape in other dimensions and the crumbs that you can ever give not sfameranno to my body the voids abysses in me that they will plentifully attend the endless ether that the spiritual dimension droplet. I don't accept your proposal and I won't be partecipe of none of your childish imaginations!"
Dafne stiffened him, as if suddenly the Terror in person had taken possession of its soul while its expression tried to dissimulate the cold that petrified its face.
"It is all right, yours to say has baited a new clause that will complicate terribly our future. If I/you had accepted my proposal we would have been able to decide from king what you/he/she would have owed us to surround, our roles and select qualsivoglia you/he/she would be introduced during our experiences. I am not the malefic snake of the valley of the Eden, that proposes you the ghost of the endless wisdom of God through the illusion of a fool knob. I am the Eva redeemed that he/she asks you to live together with our body in the Terrestrial Heaven, where we would have the possibility to be everything. If you unwillingly refusals, however, are forced to follow your decision. We won't be then us to choose our fates, but it will be the fate. Someone out of us that it will make to turn the wheel of the possibilities to dash then us toward the destined destination, whatever it is. We now eat, you/he/she could be our last calm meal, to the warm one of our intimacy; we won't have anymore who knows perhaps then the opportunity to freely compare us alone."
Saint fought the impulse immediately to send everything to the devil, but the hunger it docilely convinced him/it to first chinar the head on that abundance. Just finished the supper, reinvigorated by the food, you/he/she would be been able to rebel and to rout in a flash that insane intrigue. Unfortunately Saint hurt its calculations. Few accustomed to the cunning plots of the rich ones, didn't smell still too much already that food as the nth ring of his powerful chains. Ended ch'ebbe those dishes, it collapsed to the ground, drug addict once more from the enigmatic woman that sat him of forehead.

XIII
A bucketful of icy water fell inexorable on the extended body of Saint.
"Wakes up, I advance of jail! The captain doesn't pay yourself to be in the hold to ronfare. Go above with the others to stern to clean and see to make her/it shine within midday, otherwise they will be troubles!"
Saint, with the blocked eyes, the bearded man fixed, disguised by ancient sailor, that inveighed him against without any sense. What it happened? Where heck it was found? That labyrinth. it didn't do in time to realize the whole matter when a kick in full face dashed him/it supine in earth.
"Scrotum of pig, is stupid or thing? Move the culo within two seconds or I will give you in meal to the sharks!"
Saint, despite the dizziness of the hit, he/she succeeded in becoming himself/herself/themselves account that the premises of Dafne him you/they were making true. You/he/she could not do anything else other than to get up and to go off toward stern groaning for the broken lip that plentifully bled him. But already while it is salivating the ramp of steep stairs that his/her aggressor had pointed out him with threatening gesture, he wondered where never pits the stern? The stern then? What it meant. 
Its thoughts dissolved him burnt by the sun that invaded its retinas dazzling him the sight for some second, correct the time to encounter with another sailor. 
"That he/she takes you? Are you already drunk before starting to work?" 
Saint lifted the braccias in gesture of surrender.
"Excuse me, I am going only to stern."
The sailor pushed him/it making him/it turn of centottanta degrees.
"The stern is of there, imbecile!"
Saint proceeded toward the kind indication of the man, and its incredulity grew spropositata together with the dizziness that gathered him/it when the vessel on which was found you/he/she was invested by a rather bossy wave. It was found in full open sea, the sharp odor of saltiness of which the wood of the boat was impregnate burned him the throat, it was barefoot and he/she wore a threadbare shirt that in best times you/he/she had to have been of white color; the black pants that it had I wear they arrived to him as soon as under to the knees and they emanated a dense odor of fish.
"Curse, this is folly!it " cursed among itself while, bits on the knees, rubbed, together with the other ship boy, the wood aces that composed the stern of a true nineteenth-century vessel.
All and all gave him the clean impression to do seriously damnedly. What devil of performance was it this? 
Toward midday, when a pair of hits of whip had already forced Saint to continue its ungrateful person job, the bell that announced the meal of the ship boy played. All the companions of Saint got up standing in the same instant directing himself/herself/itself toward the door of the kitchen. On the door there was a toothless old man, with the dug eyes and an obsolete totally dressed by greasy cook and bisunto that, with a ladle, it poured from a pentolone in bowls of can an ambiguous greenish liquid that would have represented the lavish lunch of the day. Saint, obeying as the humble one essential instinct of the hunger, it put on in tail with the others to receive his/her ration. After having consumed the meal, while it was regenerating him from the works of the forenoon, thanks to the siesta that was up to the ship boy to subtract them to the scorching sun of the warmest hours of the day, he/she wondered as the countess you/he/she had succeeded in creating an alternative world to theirs so much reality. You realized ch'ella you/he/she had expressed with sincerity one will of his when it gave up deciding their future fates considering that he, had abdicated in turn you. Then Dafne now where it was found? It had the answer when, going out of the hold together with the other sailors, it was found in front of a dame elegantly dressed, with in hand a parasol alone that it concealed her the face. But he was certain that pits her.
"Dafne!" proruppe an arrochito cry from his/her wide open mouth.
She turned of release verse of him with the eyes that shone her of bitter joy. The sailor to head of the ship boy directed him with vehemence toward Saint.
"As you allow yourself to shout the name of some puttanas that frequents, done address to Lady Conrad?it shouted " him the guardiamarina, that tried to strike him/it with a baton that held among the hands.
Saint, as if you/he/she was suddenly freed by the numbness of a seraphic sleep, it stopped with a release the arm adversary to mezz'aria and sferrò a hook to the kidneys of the aggressor, putting him/it in knee.
"Now enough Dafne, your games are fed up with. Day to these crazy persons to end her/it and to bring me on the dry land!"
The countess, or perhaps in this context we should call her/it Lady Conrad, it said with firm and indifferent voice:
"Voialtri, picks up that man, hand him/it in the hold and given him of the water. Don't you see that an insolation is taken? Is rambling!"
Quickly the other ship boy grabbed Saint, who to the ankles, who to the braccias, who the sferròs some a little convincing fist so much to prevent a possible his/her resistance that however it didn't come. Saint was petrified. A furious anger filled hot every cell of his. You/he/she would have wanted to kill him in that instant, his/her terrestrial dame, his/her sensual incarnate inspiration in a body. Before perfect accomplice, dream of whatever man, and now turned into a crazy person, in a carcass that stole his liberty. It rolled in the hold facing more times with the nape the asperities of the filthy stairs of oak. It arrived of there to few the guardiamarina struck by Saint that, backed up by others two muscular sailors, the takings to kicks. Then it had been unthreading the insured whip to his/her belt for a moschettone and the ten minutes of hits that Saint owed suffer they didn't even save him a second to take back breath. Reduced a rag, you/he/she was confined in a cell to the dark.
The sailor started of watch watching over on the only prisoner of the vessel called Lawrence, an important too name for his/her small stature. Well soon on the ship he gave to call him/it Lorenzino, Enzino, thin to reach the unpleasant nickname of "Tzè Tzè." Compared his/her presence to that of a fly, the young one, as soon as sedicenne, saw more convenient to create its vital space to the shade of the others, apart. This way it became in substance a mute for the others, a robot that obeyed the commands without beating eyelash. It avoided to confide him with whoever, the only exception it was the old cook. The elderly wolf of sea had lost by now for a long time the classical hard sailor attitude sweetening its look on the events and the people. This way you/he/she was taken to heart that young outcast, happened to work on that boat after having been abandoned from the family and possession lived thousand misadventures. Lawrence, loyal to any assignment was submitted him, with careful eyes you/he/she had sat on a stool that obstructed the entry to the narrow corridor that brought to the cell of Saint. It was totally spiazzato when him from now on the wife of the captain protected him in person. The youth labored to prender breath to timidly pronounce:
"Milady, of here you/he/she cannot be passed, they are the orders of the captain."
Dafne sharpened his/her cat look and slightly loosened the drawstring of the bodice that opened of a pair of centimeters, already underlining his generous neckline, when it markedly inhaled for answering to the boy.
"I know well the orders that have been given you, but I need to speak five minutes in private with that ship boy. Not do worry you there is not need that you come to open me the cell."
"No Milady, is not able really, the orders are orders."
"Boy, won't want at all the wife of the captain to start praying you? Make me give, I employ there an instant."
"No I, regret milady, goes from there of my head!"
"But that you say? On this ship nobody has never been hung!"
"On this veliero no, but if the captain makes me throw in sea, a shark with a bite the head detaches her/it to me of sure."
Dafne looked at him/it frowning. You/he/she would never be waited such a resistance from such a timid little boy. It changed tactic.
"I have understood. Tell me thing you want to have on this ship, of thing you have need, and you will have him."
"No miladies, anything renders me to you, they would steal her/it to me the others in man that is not said."
"Boy, promises that from now on you will be treated with an eye of respect, if you make me pass." 
"Milady, I am treated only badly by my peers, because I do my duty and I don't complain me. However, to well to think of us, a favor you could do me him.
"Anything young fellow!" 
"I have never been with a woman."
"But here on the ship I cannot pay you any prostitute.
Tzè Tzè, to that point, it fixed with his/her great mullet eyes the beautiful neckline of Dafne; her, dismayed, some mouth second stayed opened, then he stiffened and with exasperated sourness it threw on him words of fire.
"Small bastard, as do you dare to treat the wife of the captain as a puttana? Now yes that could end in the mouth of some shark!"
The boy put on in knee.
"No milady, begs her/it, I didn't want to insinuate nothing. Only that what asks me, seems me that for her is extremely important. And of however what I ask her is the only essential thing that it misses me really. Seem me an equitable exchange. It would be the only motive that would make me disobey to an order."
Dafne him nervously a lip. It was desperate, but account made also that every instant given to discuss increased the risk to be cultured in that burning situation. It fixed some instant the small scanty blackmailer. It had at least to treat and to make the thing disadvantageous possible.
"You feel, small little one, you won't come in bed never with me, but to calm your animal itches I could touch you and to do you happy equally."
Tzè Tzè illuminated him starting to quiver of joy.
"Oh my God, milady, but that I know him/it to do alone. I want to be me to touch a woman."
Dafne, then, dark in face, it made his/her last proposed penosa.
"We do this way. You will close yourself in a blank cell, I will approach me to the bars, I will amuse you while you can touch me. This is my last condition, you won't have more anything. Take or to leave!"
The boy, that only to imagine what went out from the fleshy lips of that beautiful woman you/he/she had already lost the control of his/her voluptuousness, it lasciviously smiled at her and, picking her/it for hand up, it directed him toward a blank cell. More than ten minutes and Tzè Tzè you/they were not passed, satisfied how come in his/her life, it was on his/her stool to smoke and to pray that nobody passed from there. Dafne, reaches the gate that separated her/it from Saint, it inserted the old rusted key and it made to go off the lock. Saint, huddled up in the darkest angle in that hovel, his/her beautiful countess immediately didn't recognize and went off standing, ready to grab for the neck whoever you/he/she was revealed him before.
"Saint, is me Dafne!"
You stared at him/it with the eyes full of tears. 
"Thing devil happens? You are totally unbalanced. me.
Dafne him he launched among the braccias.
"Waits, I pray you! I have little time to speak to you in private. All this has not absolutely been decided by me. What had revealed you during that last banquet together it perfectly corresponds to the truth. You cannot even imagine as I have felt when, this morning I have waked up in the bed, naked, with a man that then I have discovered to be the captain of this ship. He you/he/she has opened the eyes, you/he/she has affectionately looked me and, as if you/he/she had been really my husband, has started to approach for having sex from me. I have gotten further him and I have asked him who never pits. To that point he has thrown me a slap; you/he/she has told me not to allow to insult him/it to me and that the duty of every wife is to satisfy his/her own man. And it has happened, Saint! That man has taken me with the strength without hesitating. My God, this is a nightmare, but of however I also had to imagine me him to thing I went toward. However it is for us and I am the same happy. I know that it will seem you absurd this my to say, but there are things, love, that cannot be always disvelate when we want. There is once for everything. This time, I pray you, trusted of me and he/she listens to my plan. Must escape! There is a backboard shallop. While this evening the crew will dine, I will come to take you. Of the sailor of watch not to worry you, has found already the way to contaminate him/it. I must now escape."
He/she kissed the lips to form of wings of gull of the prisoner and it slunk away out. Only the instinct of Saint succeeded in pronouncing a dry.
"It is all right, I will follow you."
All of its rational part falls by now in the most unbridled confusion.
Meanwhile, on the superior part of the boat, the captain, become impatient, you/he/she kept on ordering to his/her men to look for that lunatic of his/her wife. It was furious. You/he/she had not now been treated so badly never by his/her female before. Had forgiven her that deceitful attempt of her to escape to his/her conjugal duties, but play to hide-and-seek on his/her ship, was now, too much indeed! Not that he cared more than so much ch'ella it was always to his/her side, but that it put him/it in ridiculous in front of his/her sailors, not respecting the only his/her burden that was up to her on that vessel, it was too much; the only thing that he/she wondered him was to be present whenever beside the captain every he had applied for it. Once so much that wanted to ask her an opinion I concern a rout, so much to give her one covers on an island rich in rare exotic flowers for her and of prosperous native for his/her wolves of sea. wanted to appear magnanimous, strut in front of the others of his/her pleasant generosity, but that stupid female was ruining him the plans!
When a pair of ugly snouts disguised by sailors went down in the jail to look for lady Conrad, Tzè Tzè it fell terrorized by its stool in earth.
"Thing you want here?"
"Get away fly, are looking for milady!"
"Me? Don't be here, I have not realized that there was, I had fallen asleep!"
"But thing you are chattering? Do you sleep instead of making the watch? Then I systematize you!the lowest sailor " shouted and less placed of the two, but that you/he/she had a face so much incattivito to also arouse fear to those of big long bigger than him.
It gave a fist on the jaw of Lorenzino that scricchiolò, making him jump a tooth. The minute sailor could not do anything else other than to crouch in earth, ready to suffer the rest of the dose of barrel, but the two threw straight toward the cell of Saint. The young one despaired even more him. Milady still had the keys of the cell, and when you/they would have found her there, straight beyond the bars, together with the prisoner, he would be certain become the very feared meal for the sharks. Fortunately really in that breaker Dafne you/he/she was just dispersed going out of the staircases of service on the back. The sailors observed Saint behind the bars, apparently indifferent to the uproar that he was consuming out. If the two savage had had a more elegant sense of smell, you/they would certainly have smelled the wake of female fragrance left in the air by the passage of the beautiful countess.
"Eccoti, sgualdrinella!" proruppe the captain Conrad, acknowledging himself/herself/itself the presence of bow Dafne of the ship.
"So now also have a good time playing to hide-and-seek! We change game. Now I am the watch that puts you in arrest in his/her lodgings! You can go out when it will pass me the anger; not before surely to have shown to yours raged marries how much obedient and devoted are to bring to like in bed him."
"Ercole!it " shouted turned to a group of manigoldi of the crew "it accompanies the my dear mogliettina in my lodging and ago in way to guard her/it, so that you don't find again her/it to me to stroll about for the ship yet."
To the exhortation of the captain it did him before a mountain of meat burnt by the sun and by the saltiness. A giant of two meters, practically fact of granite, with a small round and trimmed head to miserably crown that spropositato body. 
"Milady, prays, after her" it thundered the monster, with such a serious stamp to be seemed the boom of a big box.
Dafne didn't dare to counter to the invitation of that extraneous that, in that folly, his/her abominable husband represented. It consented to disappear in his/her own lodgings under it escorts. There you/he/she would have been able to reflect to cold mind on as to bring his/her plan to conclusion. The world fell, that evening would have come from Saint. 
The you toll some time that the two protagonists separated they were slow and heavy. The air was immovable around theirs golden, despite a strong wind of mistral it invested violently the vessel making scricchiolare every wood arm that its skeleton composed. Saint was stretched out on the floor of the cell, regardless of the filth that surrounded him/it. He/she wanted to preserve every crumb of energy that flowed him in body, so that to be able to invest her/it in the moment in which be starts craves him escape organized by the beautiful countess. How unbelievable it was for him to have known that woman. You/he/she had always succeeded in surprising him/it with his/her audacity and his/her sensuality, you/he/she had offered experiences to his/her body physical, emotional and warm intuitions to fall, that only with his/her astral trips you/he/she had tried. You/they were now living such an extreme situation and at the same time so deprived of connections with the rational world that whoever, to their place, you/he/she would strongly have seen his/her own compromised mental health. They, however, were special. In the good and in the evil they were indissolubly tied up from a commune destiny that transcended the limits of the human existences. There could be also probably the possibility that you/they simply were really them to already have become crazy. However its opinion would not be changed on their destiny, considering that for him madness was synonymous of transcendence. Perhaps it was the dust that surrounded him/it, but at that time it returned him to the memory a sentence that seemed him to have little sense in that breaker. 
"The glory kneels and kisses the dust!"
Of announcement would have fought up to the end, would never be surrendered to the events, also insane that had been, he be results to the surrender of the accounts the more madman! This was the secret of his/her superiority, what made him/it winning.

XIV
Dafne, meanwhile, was confined in his/her room and you/he/she had observed for the whole time the hands of the clock to now advance toward the prophetic one in which would be had to bring from his/her Saint. It owed, however, before to get rid of that spitfire that guarded his/her door. The time to observe him to the mirror and the plan to escape him was brightly already composed in its head. His soft dark hair, free in all of their length, they framed his/her beautiful face of nymph by now adult and, really thanks to this, the sensuality of its features was still more visible, as marked as its thoughts by now mortally serious. The mirror reflected the docility of its ivory neck, in clean contrast with the fierce and combative blood that flowed to its inside. Only a sparkling in its eyes betrayed that pretense calmness in which it assumed him to hide the insane fury that gnawed her the mind. It was extreme as that look his/her plan, but by now nothing around it seemed to be able to be staidder or well calibrated.
Ercole, the personal watch of the captain, was leaned with the whole width of its shoulders on the door of entry of the room of Dafne, when he/she heard a noise of broken crocks originate from inside. It repeatedly knocked invoking the name of the lady but, not getting answer, it opened wide the door. Nothing strange didn't notice, then it was addressed toward the box closet to the right of the bed, and of sudden it found again him in front of completely naked Dafne that looked at him/it turned on of anger.
"As you allow yourself to enter my lodging?"
Ercole, red in face, it chewed:
"Forgiven me, milady, has felt a strong noise and I has worried.
"Stop to look her/it at me and turned!"
But as you/he/she could turn? Whatever susceptible man to the vision of a female body would have remained with the look so generously glued on the procacità of the greedy meat of that woman offer. The white neck of Dafne had divinely abandoned on fair proportionate shoulders, the clavicles were key that the doors of the pleasure opened, making to naturally slip the sight on the pleasant prosperity of firm grounds breasts color madreperla. Life was entirely moulded with the purpose to stretch out its audacious invitation for the scorching masculine desio to cross the threshold of the maternal abdomen, for affondar in the delight of the pubic hair, downfall of every ascetic aspiration. The thoughts of that primitive man didn't distantly touch even deep reflections of this type on the harmonica construction of that body of woman, but probably the fire that blazed in its abdomen in that occasion was, to his/her way, an equivalent hymn of peer intensity of what has been said above, in honor to the countess Monteghini. 
It passed at least a long minute of silence and eyes, before the man, stirred unwillingly for showing the ingratitude of his/her rough shoulders to the dainty vision. In clean contrast with the humor of that male, the beautiful nymph didn't return caresses to that languid looks, but it immediately took advantage to hammer in the back of the man a long dagger that pierced aside it apart of it. Ercole, incredulous, the abdomen looked him from where the point of the weapon escaped, and without even not sending forth a hiss it collapsed in earth with a deaf thud. By now reality and imagination belonged to an only dimension. You/he/she had been an excessive performance or a paradoxical reality, from that moment in you/he/she would not have done anymore then any difference. The shades of the truth had reached to decree the impossibility to return back. The inevitability of a real body without life in earth, with the sharp and prickly odor of the blood that darkened him to contact with the air painting the whole floor of horror, it inexorably marked the irreparable one. Reality or immoderate hallucination? It was this with which Dafne would have had to make the accounts in that today. It went out of raced by his/her lodging, not before being on him mass a pair of pants and a comfortable jacket of fustagno. The veliero as expectation in its plans, were almost empty. The supper was a sacred moment for every wolf of sea, the only busy garrisons of the boat, they were the bridge of the look-out and the rudder. Easily The countess succeeded in intruding in the narrow corridor that brought to the cell of Saint. In the uproar of the afternoon you/he/she had not returned the key of the cell to Tzè Tzè. You/he/she had feared that he reported the theft, but evidently it would not be him agreed upon to have to explain the whole matter to the captain, therefore nobody was introduced for recovering the key. On the stool, of watch, there was still the small Tzè Tzè. When he/she saw Dafne they were illuminated his eyes. 
"Oh, thanks to the sky, milady! Rivoglio immediately the key of the cell. You have made me risk to end thrown in sea. The fortune, however, has not abandoned me. My pretense admission to be me dormant of watch is cost me a supper, with the obligation to continue my turn of watch. But in a couple of hours my change will come, and if I won't have the key of the cell to leave him, they will be troubles!"
Dafne didn't leastly hand attention to the words of the boy. With rapid looks he assured that the young pits indeed only for then to order to immediately move him. The clammy sailor, to that point, morbidly smiled.
"Eh no milady, the ticket that you have paid me was for an alone run. If intend to pass, must repay the toll!"
Dafne quadrated him/it surly and impietosa.
"Repugnant worm, I will pass with the good ones or with the bad ones!"
Then the young boy got up standing and widening the braccias said:
"I don't see the time that tosses you above of me!"
Dafne repented bitterly to have left the dagger hammered in the giant's back just killed, but it didn't withstand the provocation and him it launched against the sailor. Despite Lorenzino it was one minute sedicenne, it always had also a person's strength gotten used to labor with his/her own body to earn him to live, and in man that Dafne is not said it found again him stretched out in earth with that molester, above that you/he/she had not lost an instant to insert under her hands to the jacket, starting to finger her/it raging. This time Tzè Tzè wanted after all to go until; strongly sipped already his/her member excited by the hindrance of the pants and it settled him against the pube of Dafne, tightening her neck with a hand. Then its free hand slipped on the drawstring that held her pants. The terror of Dafne didn't prevent her from kicking with all of its strengths, but with a narrow hand to the neck it was her difficult to toss and impossible to shout. Lawrence had already lowered her the pants, discovering that the beautiful woman had not even done in time to put on the underclothes to come from Saint. When by now the aggressor it tried to center the target with embarrassed and frantic hits of hip, already foretasting the heaven, you/he/she was grabbed by invisible hands that threw him/it on weight and they dashed him/it against the wall. Tzè Tzè was stricken from a myriad of fists to the face, without having some possibility to defend; when it collapsed to earth, a violent kick to the carotid definitely removed from him the breath. In the shade they were delineated the contours of the being that you/he/she had saved her from the violence; Dafne bursted in tears when its beloved Saint threw her/it on tightening her/it to him to the breast. 
"As you have done to go out? Thanks, thanks, I was lost. oh, love!
Dafne hardly succeeded in whispering confused words. Saint had had the astuteness to insert a ferretto in the lock of its cell in the breaker in which Dafne had gone out. Trafficking quite a lot, at the end you/he/she had succeeded in freeing, in perfect sense of timing to seize the small criminal before it performed his/her misdeed. The voice of Saint flooded of honey the ears of its dame.
"You must not now worry yourself void, submitted to me and I will bring away you in a flash from this hell."
Saint had already made local mind studying the whole afternoon every future essential gesture to the escape. The two crossed silent and fast as shades the length of the veliero, reaching the lifesaving shallop, insured to two beams with two big ropes that hocked Saint about ten minutes to loosen her. Gently it lowered then the shallop with the pulley, watching out that this last didn't squeak too much. The continuous serious rhombus of the wind that broke him against the sails, maintained however the hostile ears to the dark of their escape. Once on the shallop, the two fugitives were able tirar a sigh of relief: the night would have protected them and, to rise some sun, you/he/she would surely have been impossible to sight them. 
Finally alone, Dafne and Saint, in the immense tacit sea that docilely cradled them toward the unknown one, two souls that rediscovered the vastness of their respective contours after millennia of loneliness seemed. They were looks and silent caresses, you/they were turned pressed on orphan abdomens from too much time of vital heat. The rough one of the low materiality had sunk his cruel, agonizing ploughshares until after all to the ethereal meat of their diaphanous souls and, as Ippolita and Delfina to the shelter of their alcove, only now, on that lost small boat in the sea, they forgot the miasmas of the world, grasped in the noble purity of an adamant embrace. The avarice of the time did him clement to serve with its vassals "the Hours" and its soldiers "the Minutes" all the voluptuousness of mind and of it speaks that the two lovers desired to express. Later the moment came to rationalize to understand the sense of the universe that had swallowed them. 
"Dafne, who is the craftsman of everything this? To whom have given never the possibility to freely have our existences? Was too much everything reality! What has been staged was something impossible to recreate even in a set hollywoodiano!"
Dafne, with the shiny eyes, he/she answered him:
"No, Saint, is tragically a more serious matter. I was totally prey to the desperation, have come indeed to kill for! I don't know anything of what there is around, the only certainty is that you/he/she cannot be returned back. Does Saint, Understand? Have really killed a man!"
Saint tightened its Dafne to itself, allowing to surrender him to her to a weeping liberatorio that had not had up to that moment the luxury to grant him. Meanwhile he scrutinized with vigilant eye the horizon and the sea that it surrounded them, asking himself/herself/itself in what direction could be never the firm earth. Their escape had freed them from an adverse world to conduct them in meal to the surly unknown. However you/he/she would have gone, both had accepted the enormous risk to also condemn him to death to go out of that aberrant situation; and to tell her/it all, in reality their actions had not been driven so much from a reasoned choice, how much from the primordial instinct of independence that united their nature.
Two days passed characterized by the immobility of the sea and to delineate him, in the minds of the two lovers, of a concrete possibility to end their existences swinging on that small boat that had saved them. A serene imperturbability, however, marked their looks and their hands, that were looked for merciful. They were not afraid some that that choice could drag them in the abyss of the desperation, you/they had decided to be free to whatever cost, and they now waited that fate disclosed them the developments of the paradoxical walk that had undertaken. It was the thin haze that suddenly dispersed him to their regalar new hope, discovering to the horizon the contours of the dry land. Saint labored some before becoming himself/herself/themselves account that you/they had found a sense, a direction toward which to address his/her own efforts.
"Earth!it " shouted spellbound "the moment has arrived to row."
Saint and Dafne used all the energy of which you/they could prepare for reaching those blessed coasts, and after very to sweat their bodies they succeeded in abandoning on the waterline of those strangers earths. Crushed by the heaviness of their empty bellies, they surrendered to the irresponsibility to the dream that would perhaps have brought them to be the masters of their way of living. 

XV
The awakening was marked by a new eclatante sensation. Yes, because to reawaken him on a nineteenth-century vessel was traumatizing, but to reopen the eyes to be in front of an individual with long hair and grey beard, dressed with a simple white tunic, that stared at them thoughtful, you/he/she could have to do with the absurdity. Saint was the first one to acknowledge that presence. With extreme slowness it sent away the doziness from his/her own nerves stiracchiandosi as whatever terrestrial animal. The character could not be certain a threat considering that you/he/she had been able to have them, dormant and unarmed on the waterline, for who knows how much time and nevertheless you/he/she had not even tried to wake up them. Dafne still slept when Saint opened mouth.
"Good morning, calls me Saint Black. My wife and I are you are shipwrecked. We have lost our boat and.
The old man kept on fixing the wet sand that made him disarrange the grains from the waves of the sea, without having shown some interest to the words of Saint. This last gave a rapids glance to the surrounding landscape. There were enormous maritime pines that surrounded a beach from the white sand and there were no sign of the human presence. The look of Saint again assembled him on the static expression of the hoary man. Then he/she asked him:
"He/she lives here?"
The man didn't utter some sound and didn't even mime gestures that established a whatever form of communication with Saint. It seemed it meditated deeply on something of decidedly serious. It didn't leastly have the air of one unprovided or of a savage. The well visible wrinkles on the frowning forehead and the signs around the eyes were clear furrows dug by to think of a man that had spent the life to squeeze him the meninges. Yet from he some type of possibility didn't slip out to report him. It was inscrutable, immovable in his/her rigid position. The wind that passed through the long threads of white silk that crowded him on the face and on the head, betrayed only the fact that was not a statue of granite. In the while Dafne reopened the beautiful eyes that you/he/she had given her the destiny and, discovering next to her that new presence, with dismay it was addressed toward Saint.
"Thing happens? What does this man want from us?"
Saint confined to affectionately caress the face of the beautiful one and still seductive Dafne, in sailor suits, well distant from the aggressive aesthetics of the dame of class ch'era been up to just before that adventure; yet disarranges him hair of her, that totally framed a deprived face of makeup, they gave her a saucy aspect that, not notching in some way his/her typical sensuality of adult woman, they created such a match of disparate tastes assembled in her to make even more her irresistible. Saint, in that instant, you/he/she would have made very gladly us the love, worrying then himself/herself/itself about thing it was happening around them. But the spark of the desire was a lightning in its look that dispersed not him as soon as a mighty voice thundered from the breast of the old hermit. 
" Or time, consumer of the things, and, or envious antiquity, you destroy all the things, and you consume all the things from the hard teeth of the old age, little by little, with slow death. Helen, when him specchiava, seeing the vizzes wrinkles of his/her face done for the old age, piagne, and he/she thinks seco because du was abducted' turned. "
Saint in front of the exit of the man literally astonished; the only word that succeeded in stuttering was:
"Thing?"
The old one then, turning to Dafne, it said:
"Madonna, these said words of mine, coming today, too sieno slow for you, but for the imperishable ignorant person that doesn't know yet, son a sacred I recommend how pleased to him will be when not more we will be!"
The eyes of Dafne drank those words giving the Saint impression that the look of the woman represented a silent assent. A wince of inexplicable anger appropriated him some young occultist that, grabbing Dafne for a hand, it was started on the beach shouting: 
"There will be also something sensible on this accursed isolates!"
The man with the tunic smiled at the scene affirming:
"Alive for violence and blackberries for liberty, the strength! But it is always also a spiritual virtue. Careful, however, tardità does her/it great and prestezza does her/it weak; then races with fury to his/her disfazione and gladly herself consumes!"
In those words Saint warned the wisdom spread by the aura of the wise man that looked at him/it had a good time. Its anger was weak and desperate, it was hungry and everything of its body panted to take back vigor. The need to feed himself/herself/themselves was the only thing that at that time the premises for indeed. The old man gathered to the flight the need that took possession him of every fiber of Saint, darkening him the reason, therefore it said:
"That thing is very desired give them dwarves, that when is possessed her/it, in man of a flash is already thing for right! Meco and arete the food that needs you to be still people with celabro come, and not with the only whips as the fierce beasts of the forests."
Said this, was started and the two unlucky persons, in a first moment hesitant, they were convinced after brief instants to follow that peaceful to be, so much different from the rough sailors that had left to their shoulders. 
The dish their offer was constituted by a nourishing soup of vegetables and vegetables. The bowls of the guests were filled more than once, to appease the applications of stomaci a little gotten used to the bites of the hunger. Once that the two protagonists satiated him, repurchasing the polite and civil tones that more they were suitable him to their being, you/they could rationally observe finally the singleness of the new context that looked out upon them to him. To date the historical period in which you/they were found in base to the surrounding landscape was difficult rather considering that, besides the only vegetation, their eyes you/he/she was introduced to only the residence in wood of the wise man, a very rustic and essential place that didn't allow to shine through any indication on the century when you/they were living. They were well soon rhesuses account in the adventure on the vessel, that had been reproduced in that breaker, from very skilled hands, a context that would have been able to have an inclusive historical dating between 1750 and the 1860.
The apparent uninhabited island, was totally instead an uncontaminated place. It seemed that the man had not been us yet, apart the ambiguous presence of the old one from the hair and from the grey beard that spoke for mottos and witticisms. It was really departing from the way to speak of the wise man, however, that Saint was focusing an inclusive historical period between 1400 and the 1600. The language that used the elderly hermit was a rather ancient vulgar Italian, with some inflexions latineggianti that underlined the fact that the person in matter was a scholar. The meeting with the new character in the plot of the paradoxical screen-play that Saint and Dafne were suffering was insane rather, but, unlike this ch'era happened in precedence, this time they had the possibility to civilly compare him with that situation; through his oratorical ability and the keenness of her sharp words you/they would have been able to unmask that nice actor disguised by hermit and to flake the sick sketch that concealed him behind that grotesque performance. Saint systematized the primitive chair on which you/he/she had sat, drawn carving a big piece of trunk, really in front of the hoary old man, so that to have well in sight all of its expressions. Then, with to falsely do low, it began his/her harangue. 
"Have the aesthetics of an edotto teacher of philosophy of other times! How do you call you and, above all, that do us on this island, only?"
"No young, I run away that study of which the resultante operates blackberries together coll'operante of it. Wisdom is only daughter de the sperienza; and, as for the name, it makes sol divisions delli dwarves in categories, in classes, as they were of other mundi. Eccì that the needy one is already soiato from the diruto name famigliare, while that apodittico of a noble, been born under to the eloquence of a favorable torch, under to the aegis of the divizies, it will be always cause of haughtiness and ambagi, even if I him portator of such name arà the cerebro of a merendon. If the aldaci anari your smelled hans a papery scent provenir from the modest cilice ch'adorna the unadorned one I mantle that it conceals my Spirit, then it is what correct that is given me the appellative of teacher, if nothing else for the greatest due sperienza to my etade."
Saint had intensely fixed for the whole time the inscrutable face of the mysterious character. It warned an I don't know that of sacred around his/her aura and this it upset him/it extremely. It feared to definitely have lost the lucidity and not to succeed in separating the logic reality from the artfulness of a genial simulation anymore. Dafne intervened in the dialogue turning to he who it intended to make himself/herself/themselves call teacher:
"You speak for enigmas and abstruse mottos, seem has him/it on purpose to conceal the true meaning of your words."
The wise crinito illuminated him in face paternally smiling.
"My dear lady, to amend the neglected axioms delli dwarves without coercion some, but with endless dilectione, is mine last end, so that the balatro of the baccata difalta is filled with contenenza and dilectione. That I/you/he/she am sunny and I arouse your aldito, in such pleasant way of cilestre boce as the nichis of molluscs, will be, and not of mellifluous inanity."
Saint and Dafne literally astonished ogniqualvolta the wise man it pronounced a motto of his. Every single word that composed his to say already expressed an atavistic concept by itself on which to reason. If it mostly strove then him observing the whole one his/her enunciated, proposed by the thin lips of that absorbed face of hermit, he was catapulted in a vortex of existential so highest intuitions, to represent the anthropological foundations of the self. It seemed it didn't participate in the conversation undertaken by the two guests, its answers appeared, always of first I lead off, out place and excessively abstruse but, in truth they were propositions that transcended the approximation of other people's questions, to directly hover to the deep vertexes of the psyche of its interlocutors, toward this ch'essis really lived in their intimate and not turning to what their sibylline words they declared. Also during the silences the arcane one to be, with embarrassing evidence, he/she read the motions of their souls and, with eloquent expressions of the face, he/she answered and theirs spiritual addressed to err. The night and the two lovers it finally came, to the shelter of a curtain, on an impromptu straw pallet, you/they could enjoy the intimate rest to which you/they craved for a long time. Saint was extended supine, with an arm fondly Dafne encircled and with the other hand it was held pressed the incandescent temples for the huge effort that completed his/her head in to reconstruct with rational truthfulness the last accadimentis. It didn't dare to ask further explanations and explanations to his/her beautiful dame, you/he/she would have been only a way to create suspicions in his/her mind that, at that time, certain you/they would not have benefitted him. And then, for how much the organizer of that epocale could initially have been it recites, you/he/she had surely lost by now the reins of it. By now it was nanny of the events, perhaps also worse of himself. You/he/she had been enough for him to read on her face the torment for the last stories lived for starting keeping silent every resentment in his/her comparisons. Poor countess, certain to his/her way, but surely it loved him/it to the point to also sacrifice in toto to be nearby him. Dafne caressed him a cheek and, looking at him/it in the eyes, it said:
"How much macchinoso is yours to think. I warn the fire blaze from your meninges. Do you know what I think of this whole history? What we should escape from everybody, also from this peaceful and old bonario to look for only an angle of world our. This way we would really succeed in taking conscience of us avoiding to lose the sense pursuing all these insane hallucinations."
Saint looked at her/it in the eyes slightly tilting the head, as to mime a question mark.
"Because you want to escape from the first sensible person that we meet and that you/he/she could help us understand something of what it is happening around to us?"
The look of Dafne was confused.
"Creeds really that someone inside this chaos can do everything possible in our favor for it stuffed to find the correct key of reading to this uproar?"
"I believe that the only way because I can understand something of all this, both to talk to someone that gives me the possibility to compare me with some reasonings and not through the only blind trust."
Dafne boxed the frecciata of Saint and didn't dare to reply. After all the facts spoke clear. In the history she represented the only true scapegoats to his eyes and who knows if a tomorrow its love would have included the ambiguous one its to act. Meanwhile Saint had been mute after its last exclamation but, in remuneration, you/he/she had tightened more next to its breast the beautiful companion of adventures, as to make the roughness to be forgiven with which you/he/she had treated her a little before, even if to the light of any judicious rigor of logic had all the reasons of it. The atra night of that island, uncontaminated from the artificial presence of the human lights, he/she thought about metter peace to the dense buzz of those confused minds darkening her with the accomplice sleep. To the first rays of sun Saint raised him from its pallet and was started toward the waterline. There it found you the teacher of the island that scrutinized impassive the horizon.
"Good morning!chetamente Saint " exclaimed.
The hoary man issued a sigh before starting to speak.
"Cerulo the lucore that him vengia of the dark of the night dethroning her/it from his/her altar. The ashy lunar disk, iscorno and sbeffato for the insufficiency of its light, finally laugh now giving rest to its limbs. His/her effort to hold alive the memory of the sun has not been vain, and it now enjoys the ransom for its works. What an eternal war every night, all for us, that exclaim the morning after the unconquered hymn "Good morning.""
Saint had already gotten used to the strange way to report him of that elderly wise man. You/he/she had understood ch'egli he/she didn't mind the formalities. Its acumen was everything face toward the reached illumination thanks to cogitate and of this treasure it was not quite jealous, rather, its most impelling hurry was to do yes that around people drew you sprout of it of reflection and therefore of personal improvement. He didn't persuade, however, of the why the teacher had decided to spend the existence on that desert island, and only with the arrival of Dafne and Saint, on purpose for them, you/he/she had offered his/her mottos to handfuls. As soon as, in the head of Saint, an eccentric thought was delineated that did him/it smile: a personal teacher that helped them to cross their trip dantesco in the meander of that ambiguous existential experience. 
Already from the first disappointments lived by little boy, as then during every critic moment of its mature existence, had desired after all to its soul to have a spiritual father that could recommend him the correct road and that you/he/she could find the correct words to console him/it in front of the horrors of the life. The to paw some thoughts of Saint was interrupted by the tonal voice of the other.
"My dear spiritual vagabond, you belong alli honest dwarves. Naturally them dwarves boni disiderano to know. I know that many will say this to be useless work; and these hay those de'qualis Deometro said it didn't make account more than the wind which in the lor mouth caused the words, that of the wind ch'usciva from the part of under, men, which only have desire of corporal wealth and dear, and entirely private of that of the wisdom, food and really sure wealth de the soul; because worthier quant'è the soul that 'l body, so much worthier fien the wealths of the soul that of the body. And often, when I see some of these seize it it operates in hand, I doubt not him as the monkey mettino to the nose or that I/you/he/she ask if it is what mangiativa. From these proud persons, cruel and dispietati monstri, you are far at least one hundred leagues of it. Not disperar if today he is a smoky enigma that darkens the acumen of your look but adoprati with wisdom so that tomorrow's ciel is clear of from the nembis edaci and from the fumida inequity. The or of the leave has come. The blind dispensator de'casi seals the alternative that will separate our presences, but the mole will come soon secret meeting that will propose us one in front of the other in munificent concento. The only my admonition is not to mind the alternative, because, even though in different times, but this run will appear for as in reality it is, that is an inverse trivio. Accheta the atro ansito that presses you the cor, and null'altro can do if not affrontar the existential inspiration with genuine hope, since the reason only in womb de' celestial is placed!"
Saint opened its mind to that wise man.
"Yours is unusual to say for the human people, teacher, but for me it is a holy hand that scerpa the invain mean of so many abbiettis beings with which I/you/they am forced to share the same planet. Discoprite another noble part of me, that is done of tenacities wish and merciful aspiration to the absolute one. I confide in a sincere good-bye!"
The teacher smiled while you/he/she was starting to start him toward the red hot horizon from the solar disk by now tall in the sky. When it was to hundred meters of Saint distance, his/her figure him confused with the dazzling twinkling of the dense rays solariums. In last appeal, Saint succeeded to coglier with its look the wise man that widened the braccias as to simulate a symbolic embrace in its respects, then he/she didn't see anything. The teacher had disappeared.
He by now experienced occultist remained interdicted quite a lot instants, then been decided and moved the first footsteps toward the new room that the unknown one already had in Serb for him. The beloved Dafne softly woke up, he/she explained her come ch'era the moment to divide to the search of a solution to theirs to wander. When her alluded to the hermit that had entertained them, he told her that the discourse of her of the first evening had convinced him/it to continue the alone trip in two, avoiding to go behind a character that belonged in toto to that frightening world. When the sun was by now perpendicular on their heads, the two lovers were already on the shallop that had brought them in that place. You/they had made a small escort of coconut and fruits you launch found in the wood. Saint wanted to verify if its supposition that that territory was a small island it was exact. Circumnavigating her/it, remaining always enough next to the coast, you/he/she would have been able to ascertain the real conformation of that place hoping even to find an anything that would have made them edotti on their future. After a whole day of navigation around the firm earth, Saint and Dafne they started to take conscience that the apparent small uninhabited island was a great deal in vast reality than they were waited. It was by now late evening when they decided to moor near a cave dug by the sea on the side of an imposing wall of stone. The coast in that zone was totally different from that in which you/they had left the elderly wise man. This last was characterized by an impervious landscape constituted by deprived sharp rocks of vegetation that covered her. Once assured the shallop, tying her/it to a rock, the two by now vagabond they decided to inspect the surrounding area. They were forced to cross a line to swimming before reaching a point of the coast where, climbing himself/herself/itself among the rocks, they succeeded in overcoming the wall of stone. Beyond those rocks a myriad of hills extended him to loss of eye, with some sprinkled of exiles bushes here and there. Meanwhile the dark blanket of the night had taken the upper hand on the surrounding landscape, the contours of the things they appeared left and threatening. To venture over, in that dark scenery, you/he/she would rather have been hazardous, even though Saint was intimidated of it and at the same extremely spellbound time. They looked for then a set apart place whether to be able to be sheltered for the night, the morning later you/they would have continued their inspection. They chose only as place of rest a small attainable cave some meter climbing himself/herself/itself on a rough rock, of way that you/they would have been some more to the sure one if you/they had wandered in the place dangerous animals or, worse, human beings with bad intentions.

XVI
The father of Sabrina would certainly have punished her for the nth time, but you/he/she was stronger than her. It loved to wander for those earths during the night, rubar with his/her ceruleis eyes the fantastic and magic forms that the nighttime world around it gave her. For her it was his/her maximum source of inspiration, that allowed her to create with his/her pale hands the statues of that unusual beings, the elementalis, even if, in truth, it put also us a lot of his/her imagination. The thick father reproached her/it: "Detach too much yourself from the tradition, this could turn into a weapon to double I cut for our people, remember him/it!". You pretended him sorry, but then it continued fearless with his/her original style and to the until end the whole community forgave her those licenses of artist, considering that really of art he treated. Sabrina unlike the others creating, that limited him to propose the same identical canons, had an amazing creative ability, from his/her hands you/they could be born forms of beings ever seen and even imagined not before then. Even more The unbelievable thing was that those icons were very harmonious and you detail in their details to really seem existing. 
Sabrina was seventeen years old, it possessed a perfect body of fairy, it was tall and slender, with a thick head of hair of smooth hair coppered that they framed the delicious oval of his/her face; the eyes were well outdistanced among them, of that particular ethereal blue that only the skies in summer of the northern regions posseggono, the rosy lips were not prorompenti, but in remuneration they transmitted such a sensuality immediately to be attracted the attention. To complete the work of his/her face, tall cheekbones were used just sprinkled of a rose turned on that it detached under on the milky complexion of the young girl and two arched eyebrows some more ax than its hair to such a white forehead to seem transparent.
It finally reached his/her personnel angle of heaven away from the community. It loved the unusual loneliness and the sense of abandonment that it inspired her that small pond decorated of ninfee, to the feet of that rough bare mountain, in contrast with the rest of the landscape around the mirror of water, that a sort of screen had created made of greens saplings and bushes you launch. There, to his/her opinion, the birds sang more softly, the grass and the leaves possessed a softness out of the commune, as if everything were under to a spell, as if in that place the soprasensibile took immanent his/her own form. Junta near its usual bush, immediately freed him some sandals, it untied the belt, it removed from him the calzamaglia and the green jacket dark, and totally naked it directed him toward the pond. It already started to dawn, a breeze that immediately swelled her the nipples exhaled. The goose bumps the surprises trembling, but he/she knew that water was warm and you/he/she would have welcomed her heating her limbs. The would be enjoyed to rise some sun before returning him of it to house there. You dipped staying immovable to make to be caressed some beatific water.
When the heat of the sun by now tall you/he/she had heated her to sufficiency, Sabrina as the divine Venus, resurfaced by the water in his graced nudity. It had firm breasts, small but stupendously turned, with the turned nipples upward, a completely flat abdomen forced the look to precipice cader on the bending of the pube where a lock of reddish hair represented the only brushstroke of color on that pure, white skin. The thighs were thin, but evident the polishings of the athletic muscles gotten used to a constant motion. Few footsteps in direction of his/her bush, then to the sudden one it was petrified. Just in front of her you/he/she had sat you Saint that, surprised by the swift appearance of that young girl by the nothing, it didn't persuade him if same still dreaming or if you/he/she already woke up. They settled one in front of the other for a few minutes. You didn't mention to cover his/her nudities with some gesture. To the eyes of Saint it seemed that she felt him to his/her ease and you/he/she could not be otherwise, considering that it had an elegant body that squirted all of his/her flourishing youth from every pore. Also without touching, a sort of interaction happened between his body and that of her. He felt a preponderant magnetism that attracted him/it raging toward that young girl. You/he/she could confuse her/it very well with the natural excitement of his/her instinct of male towards the beautiful free female from the dresses, almost to him offered by that magic mirror of water. But if him auto checked, holding to brake that sexual impetus, platealmente it emerged from its conscience a bond that transcended the vanities of the sensitive voluptuousness. There was a deep root, invisible to the common eyes deadly, but immense and powerful to his/her eyes of occultist, that it inexorably dragged them toward the origin of an atavistic seed that surprised their molecules to immediately recognize, as if they belonged to an only entity. The pallor of his/her face, milky as the moon, it was as a reminiscence of an ancient epoch, buried from million of years in the conscience of the Spirit of Saint. In the sinuosities of that body the spherical harmony of the planets that you/they had moulded with their rotation and their orbits that idyllic female microcosm resounded. From the imperturbable yet deeply thoughtful look of the young nymph, Saint he realized ch'ella it suffered his/her same spiritual upsetting. There was no time, neither wind that blew in that magic atmosphere, neither air that shifted their spellbound breasts, riempiendo the bellows with at least a sigh. Impossible! They were already full of the phrana that surrounded theirs golden. The duration of that fantastic vigil was incommensurable, but when Dafne arrived to break the crystal of that attenuate world, the two experimenters labored to take back conscience of their bodies.
"Saint, that happens? And who would she be?"
The "her" in matter, overcome the trauma of the reentry of his/her conscience in his/her Self, it disappeared behind the bush where you/he/she had left his/her own dresses. Saint slowly turned toward Dafne whispering:
"I don't have the palest idea of it, you/he/she has emerged from the water without noise and you/he/she has remained petrified to fix me."
The man found incredibly stupid the words that went out him of mouth. A cultured husband seemed in flagrancy of betrayal from the shrew wife. In that breaker it seemed him a so ridiculous thing in front of the vicissitudes that had passed and to those that would have had still to live. Of other song also Dafne was clearly ashamed of the sour tone with which turned to Saint. Ch'egli was more obvious, arousing himself/herself/itself as soon as just before her from their pallet of stone, you/he/she was suddenly found in front of that foreigner that wandered without dresses. They spent few minutes and they realized that the girl if the era dates to legs for the shame or for the fear. You/they could ascertain ch'ella you/he/she had not gotten used to wander about naked considering that its outline appeared dressed hopping on an a little distant hill. While the eyes of Saint, bewitched by the unusual magnetism sprung by the eterico body with which that fair young girl was accompanied, they were still fixed on the horizon, its mouth opened for turning to the fairy that devotedly stayed him of side.
"It certainly is not alone, too far you/he/she must be not us an inhabited centers or something similar. The only thing that we are able and we must do is to go there. This senseless limbo and without possibility to direct you/he/she must be been crosses until so much that we are shiny, otherwise, of this footstep, of our conscience they won't remain but crumbs."
They set out following the direction toward which the girl was run away. Their mutual existences had become by now the only axioms on which you/he/she could found the coherence of their actions. If one of them was found only to face the mishaps of that trip, its intellectual abilities would be shattered soon against the rock-clifves of the absurdity in that sea of remote paradoxes that everybody contemporarily came true together. Dafne, with quick footstep, it advanced beside side to his/her certainty, to his/her irreplaceable love. Saint represented all of this that of extreme the eyes of a woman can see in his/her own rider. Of however also him, also aesthetically maintaining his/her usual attitude of proud independence, from when she had appeared in his/her life, you/he/she had always found the necessary strength to also continue his/her insane style of life thanks to the certainty to have the braccias of his/her consort to tighten the head among his breasts, during the night, to give back to him him craved fainting of the little boy, that reloaded him/it more than the early-morning sun. But now a lower case letter light bulb had ignited after all to its Spirit, an atavistic bond was lowly reawakened to whisper him the heat of new braccia and breasts first unknown, where you/he/she would perhaps have been able to find again one forgotten part of itself. 
They walked together through that wild landscape from the so vivacious colors that, to lines, you/they would also have been able to hurt a little accustomed eyes to the amenity of a luxuriant nature. And meanwhile the mind of Saint he/she thought. They returned him to the mind his/her mistakes passed of resourceful youth, of when the occultism was only a slender shade in its life which didn't pay too attention. It was more assembled to seek intense emotions in the most varied female bodies. You devoted to the loving relationships with extreme tenacity, it devoured how much more bodies could attract him/it. It looked for in those women, in that feverish orgasms, in that exchanges of humors, pieces of itself forgotten and abandoned, colors of his/her soul suffocated by the vulgar nihilism toward which its ill-omened intellect had brought him. Well soon, however, him made account that was only his/her destructive inclination to look for pieces of his Itself spiritual specchiati in those souls of woman, to definitely want them to drown in that female nighttime lakes where the moon had only two dimensions, while the bystander belonged to the forgetfulness, where he drowned his/her Spirit sinking in the abysses of the nothing. 
The eros as annihilation of itself. After the mystery, the tenderness, the fatal attraction and the lack of restraint of the most animal orgasms, there is the worn-out consumed silence of the loneliness, where two extended bodies that are loved too much, sadly they cross the extreme border of the senses reaching a hate by now exhausted and without more energy. It is the moment in which the masculine being would want to escape, while the female being grabs on to his breast with voracity, unconsciously looking for with the tenderness to recover some that that you/he/she has lost among the braccias of that man. 
This time was different, it didn't warn once that possessive masculine attraction of towards that new female figure appeared him in the pond. It seemed him to have perceived in her a secret key of reading for that mad labyrinth where you/he/she was losing the contacts with his/her Spirit. The legs meanwhile you/they had crossed kilometers of wood, alternated from as many verdant clearings, up to that fatatos place: an orderly wood of enormous redwoods all in line, to the same distance the one from the other. All the trees were connected from bridges made of wood and ropes and, looking well among the green leafy branches, you/they could be perceived on every tree of the hidden cottages. It was Dafne the first one to notice that original inhabited center.
"I believe that our search is concluded. Seem the city of the gnomes!"

XVII
Saint returned with the feet for earth and made sign to Dafne to hide behind a bush. You/he/she would have been more prudent to study to proper distance the uses and the native customs of the place, before presenting. Soon they perceived the first human figures get busy in their quotidianità. None of them was armed or it had soldierly attitudes; the two lovers, observing better the complex of tree-houses, they reached the conclusion that the residences built aloft could be a defense against fierce animals, considering that in the void zone you/he/she was surrounded, or it presaged some hostilities towards other living beings. They decided, finally, to compromise himself/herself/themselves introducing himself/herself/itself to that people. 
One of side to the other, holding himself/herself/itself for hand, they came down from the hill where you/they were waited for penetrating in the vast level zone that entertained the orderly inhabited wood. In primis they came upon him in some busy women to gather bundles of firewood. The first impulse of those women was of fear, but well soon on their faces a bonaria expression of curiosity painted him. Saint and Dafne were stopped to some meter distant from the three women not to frighten her. The two groups were reciprocally observed for some minutes. The women wore tights and green jackets, identical to those some young girl escorts in the pond. Their age oscillated around the fifty years, but they had firm and muscular legs from trentenni. Only the excessive prosperity of their breasts apparently made their less athletic bodies than in reality they were. Dafne smiled them and he introduced.
"Good morning, I am Dafne, he is my companion Saint, we are you are shipwrecked."
The women attended some instant, then the most audacious of the three did him before and he/she answered to the regard.
"Hi, I am Doria, she is Lucilla and her it is Crizia. I suppose is wandering looking for a help, of a shelter to be able to refresh you."
Dafne smiled at the kind woman that so in a friendly way it welcomed them.
"Alas, yes. We would need this and also of someone that gives us an orientation on where we are ended."
To that point Lucilla, the tallest of the three, inserted him in the dialogue with solar and mighty voice.
"If ask I help us, that will be given you! You save the breath and you come with me. I will stuff you of stuff to my house. Turn voice that I am the most experienced cook of Boscocittà and have the test of it here before, look! Son that that has the biggest panza."
Then turning to his/her friend:
"Crizia, you meanwhile it goes to call Prometeo and hands him/it to my house."
Dafne, in front of as much genuine goodness, it loosened him almost bursting to cry.
"Thanks of heart, I hoped really to find kind people after the thousand unforeseen event of our bad luck."
In turn Saint thanked and directed him with Dafne to the house of the woman, but esterrefatto remained from the facility more and more with which them two so naïvely made him deceive from that artificial world. A serious scenography mortally, but also always a scenography. Few hours before you/he/she had been him to be overpowered by the meeting with the beautiful youth of the pond. A so improbable situation what time it was almost ashamed to have tried such an emotional transport, ch'egli you/he/she had exchanged even for an intuition, for a some spiritual connection. It now touched to Dafne to be taken around by the pretense fate that was apparently served her by outrageous invisible hands but that, in truth, they were more materials than the themselves bodies. Why his beautiful and ingenue countess didn't wonder as you/he/she was possible to rouse native people of an unknown and desert earth and to quietly speak the same identical language? You/he/she would have wanted to howl and to break everything, would have wanted to attack those women until the director you/he/she had not reached to shout "stop" stopping that idiocy. But then to well to reflect us, for insane that its actions had been, as it were already unfortunately success, nobody would have reached to interrupt the performance. That show was perfectly parallel to the reality and you/he/she would have respected up to the end its absurdity script. It confided, however, to find with the astuteness, sooner or later, a weak ring to be been able to force for making to collapse the invisible laws that held them trapped in that cobweb of paradoxes.
When you/they had finished eating to satisfaction, Crizia came, that exhorted them to follow her/it; the teacher attended them in the Agorà. What was called Agorà, it was a spiazzo among the trees, where a small amphitheater in wood constituted the only present construction. Sat to the center of the semicircle there was a fifty year-old man, with beard and curly and grizzled hair, dressed entirely in way similar to the women that had up to that met moment. Also these, already from his/her mighty physical aspect, it openly declared a life it reimburses working very hard and feeding himself/herself/itself in perfect equilibrium. You/he/she was surrounded approximately by a group of men of his/her age.
"You, would be therefore, are you shipwrecked?it unexpectedly " began with voice imperious and thundering the one called ch'era Prometeo.
Dafne tightened him adherent beside Saint, while this last responded frowning to the abrupt question that had been set him.
"Well yes, we don't have other tests of our shipwreck to the infuori of the skin that we fortunately have succeeded in bringing to shore."
The head of that people abruptly responded.
"Therefore already games affirming that the boat anchored here to some mile from is not yours, but of some other guest of the place?"
Saint cursed its precipitous answer ch'era been very approximate to make him/it appear in bad faith.
"No, that boat is the shallop that has brought us in safe."
"Then your ship is sunk in the parts and you you are the only survivors. Strange not to even have found a piece of the wreckage or a body that has reached shore. The tides from these parts have the tendency to make everything that that he abandons aloft sea." 
Dafne him made account that the suspicious attitude of Saint, mistrustful towards that world, you/he/she was bringing them to make an enemy that people. Then it intervened of impulse.
"You/he/she has not gone really this way. We have escaped from a ship of pirates that cared imprisoned." 
The head of the group then the chin was scratched and uttered hard words.
"You come up to my village asking help. You say to be you are shipwrecked, while in reality the term demanded by to use is runaway. Who runs away from the evil it is without stain and nothing hides; only who runs away from the good, to escape to the correct punishment for his/her misdeeds, mind and he hides. Is Qual the true motive for your arrival, and above all, do you really come from where?"
Just in that breaker, when for the two lovers it seemed compromised every possibility to excuse him from those absurd accusations the young girl of the pond that crossed with fair footstep the whole crescent of the amphitheater to go to stay, sprouted really of side to the head. This way it began:
"Father, because you are so hostile with these unlucky persons? You warns very well from theirs golden that there is no wickedness in theirs to act. I am not a danger for our village, rather they would be them to be here out in danger of." 
While the young girl spoke, Saint again came abducted from the emphatic cage of soprasensibili feelings that you/they had already gathered him unexpectedly on the shore of the pond. Its rational soul warned him/it - Remembered that it is everything one deception - while his Itself spiritual, clearly superior to the relativity of his small I, finally returned to resound in him with thoughts done of intuitions and of crystalline images. The sensible thought, artificial, built through the worn-out noise of his/her blind brain, that had governed his/her actions up to that moment, it was again unwillingly put in second floor thanks to the sum wisdom of the Itself that gave back the original sound to the light. You looked at him/it and it seemed for an instant ch'ella it warned the internal tumult of Saint; these, suffered a sudden embarrassment, it withstood, maintaining his/her fixed eyes in those of her. It seemed a minuscule lightning or a tense cobweb among their eyes that it reflected the rays of the sun, but for an instant all saw that electric discharge that mixed the images it engraved in the respective retinas of Saint and the young girl. That phenomenon was so much breve that each thought about having imagined him/it, and nobody had the promptness to ask to the neighbor if you/he/she had noticed something strange. However is, this all it took is for confusing the thoughts of the presents. The young girl raised his/her dose of ideas in defense of the two foreigners. 
"Father, we are and we will be always those people who help the men. Be this the purpose of ours to exist!"
The wise man to the center of that swarm of his/her fellow citizens changed subitamente expression. A mixture of resigned serenity and of fatherly pride relaxed the surly arc sopraccigliare that accompanied the turned accusatory look to the indesideratis you entertain, and suddenly its clairvoyants eyes accepted the smoky novelties that Saint and Dafne you/they would have brought in its pacific world.
"Sabrina is all right, you have convinced your old man stubborn father. As all you know I don't love the half measures, therefore if someone must be welcomes in our village him he will make partecipe in toto of our habits and our job, with the hope ch'essi newly-wed our cause, deciding to live the existence serving our virtuosos ideas. He/she will think us the good great Ivo about to serve as guide to our guests."
Then, directly turning him/it look on Ivo, he/she asked him:
"You feel her/it to you, giant, to turn you into the new guide of Boscocittà?"
Ivo smiled benevolent.
"So much by now you have already decided. however the to do with pleasure.
Sabrina inserted him in that dialogue.
"I want to be me the guide for the two guests."
His/her father's face to that point changed physiognomy, turning the expression bonaria of that moment into a severe, tacit reproach toward his/her/their daughter. Regardless of the does dark of his/her/their father, Sabrina kept on giving breath to his/her thoughts.
"I can start showing them our characteristics cottages on the trees.
His/her father immediately interrupted her/it.
"Ragazzina, remembers you that have still in suspended a punishment. Do believe is not me aware of your nighttime stroll? You will do as me I say."
She didn't dare to insist. It turned the heels and it got further sulky. 
"His/her children are the most important beings for a parent, but sott'occhio must be held as it would do him with the proper hostile peggior" it whispered in a thread of voice, almost to himself, the man. Then it lifted the look and it told Saint and Dafne:
"My name is Prometeo, your names have already been me said. My assignment in this village is simply that to make to coincide the affairs, the duties and the needs of everybody without the inhabitants invade each other his/her own liberties. This figure is usually called head, but in reality this little term is suitable him to my figure in this place. All the efforts and the thoughts that my person faces in every instant of the day, are turned with the purpose to maintain this village in full harmony, as by now you/he/she have been happening for immemorial times thanks to the appointment of those people that it have happened as soon as to the assignment of which I now deal me. You remember well, the secret of our peace is that the authority is not in the hands of a head, but of a faithful servant of our beloved village. Here you won't find any elite or privileged caste. Each of us has a role defined in the society, that coincides with his/her own innate inclinations and his/her own pleasure. The daily matters little remuneranti they are developed then by all to turn. This is the simple mechanism that manages and our world makes active. I will now explain you the last goal, fundamental for the universe, of ours operated. But doesn't think that those people that occupy the more ring next to the final result are seen how the essential or more important solos of the others. I first of all want to underline an extremely important fact, but that the men for the most part have the tendency to neglect. All the living beings have a goal a destination toward which I/you/they are addressed. The plants and the animals have written since the birth in their Dna the direction toward which to push every motion of theirs. The instinct is strongly present them, giving him so a clear intuition of their assignment. The human beings by now they are detached by the instinct, pursuing the uncontrollable desire to evolve, to be other from what I am. This sacrosanta aspiration derives from the need that it has the spiritual part of the man to rejoin him to the divine one, from which it originates. Unfortunately this impetus, this internal earthquake that characterizes the human mind, is read in superficial way and distorted by the greatest part of the people, seen how a dissatisfaction and a lack and not as a natural inclination of his/her own Spirit. You/he/she is attributed him as it causes substantial a personal fault on the purely material plan, a possessive deficit to be filled the first possible. This enormous fraintendimento at the base of the modern man brings him/it to I didn't hand questions on the real consequences of its actions on himself and on the society of which it is integral part thing of which he too often forgets. A society in which the individuals are untied among them, without any real sense of affiliation, you/he/she can never offer a positive walk to cross. Does it speak so much of development, but is the development a to stretch out toward thing? Where, and above all who has decided where it needs to go? Our society a precise assignment, in line with the laws of the universe, it has him. In this place we reproduce icons of various entities that in the imaginary collective they belong only to the legends. You departs from the representations of the spirits elementali, each constituted by one of the four elements. I will quote a sample correct of it for every element: the salamanders are elementali of fire, the silfidis of air, water's nereidis, earth's driadis. Then we can also represent other legendary creatures, also them extremely important in the terrestrial bioritmo, as you do, elves, elves, dragons, nymphs. the representations are created in sculptural form with material of different type or you represent on pictures, engraved on skin or wood. This job for the common people is apparently something that can contribute only to an aesthetical enrichment of a house, of a place, while in reality it hides a potential and a strength essential for the safeguard of his/her/their mother Earth. These entities are tightly correlated to the world, theirs respective golden riequilibrano and rivitalizzano the immense terrestrial globe, that otherwise he would extinguish shortly time. These beings, to them it turns, they feed him of the energy of the thoughts that the human ones turn to them. All the icons that we produce and that then they turn for the world, they serve to coglier the attention and to gain the thoughts of the turned men to those figures, that you/they then will directly go to feed what they represent. It take few, enough a look, also superficial, a to observe incuriositi that so fanciful strange bodies of fairy yet so much sensual, to unconsciously infuse the necessary energy to that beings to sustain them." 
Saint and Dafne listened careful those extraordinary revelations, and all of a sudden she freed him of a curiosity that he/she bothered him.
"Therefore all the images of the saints, of Jesus and of the Buddha.
Prometeo immediately interrupted her/it.
"No, you don't confuse you. I am tightly talking of correlated entity to the Earth. They live as the men on the planet, but on different dimensional vibrations, therefore as a rule for us human they are invisible, but their energy can be well intuibile for the extremely sensitive people. You are reporting yourself instead to celestial entity, that don't belong that is to the Earth. You/they can come into contact with it, to influence her/it, but they are extraterrestrial beings however, to put aside from the fact that even in past has lived on this planet. What has explained you in very simple and synthetic way it is the last goal of our village even if, you can imagine him/it yourselves, the things that rotate around it they are so as that won't be here to tell you her all for line and for sign. Now I leave you to our good giant, Ivo. Good visit."
The giant in matter was tall at least two meters and winds. It had the body of a fighter and on the top an imposing head, crowned by a flowing head of hair of long blonde hair that you/they arrived under until to his shoulder blades. The face was square and imperious. While Saint put on beside Ivo to start the visit of the place, Dafne, back of few footsteps, it observed them for then to burst to laugh.
"Now touches me to also turn with two beatniks, one was not enough of it!"
Seen from behind the figures of the two men they appeared a great deal curious. The corvine hair of Saint was longer and full of those of Ivo but its tonnage, usually tall and slender, beside to the giant it was comparable to that of a little boy. Saint smiled at the beautiful Dafne. 
"I beg countess, you also come between us. Finally, after your thousand mishaps, find again you to have two daring watches of the body to look you at the shoulders!"
While they were crossing the characteristics streets of that surreal place, Ivo it told with a lot of enthusiasm to the two guests all the intrinsic histories related to the characters of Boscocittà, their job, their respective family bonds, the nicknames that they had been given following some unusual event; it definitely opened in short the doors of that original city to the two foreigners. With the enthusiasm of a child it pointed out a group of men that returned from the hills before.
"You see after all there that group? You/they are returning with the necessary first subjects to the creation of the icons. In that enormous sacks that bring in shoulder there are wood, clay, chalk, jars of resin and other materials of every sort."
Then it passed of sudden to describe their residences.
"On the trees are built for being surer, connected among them from wood bridges of way that can be gone from a house to the other without need to go down from the trees, even if the whole our day we spend out her house to hurry the thousand matters that compete us. In that angle down there, that little boys are following the lesson of the most elderly teacher of the village. Many of us alternate for going to instruct the boys respect something of which he is more edottis. There are no real subjects. Every inspired adult gathers him with the boys to put to them service all of his/her baggage of experiences and knowledges without minding to divide the to know for subjects. A pearl of wisdom is universal, it transcends every futile rational division. In this place a lot of weight is given to the intuition that springs from an accurate introspection that each of us it does with himself. In this way the relationships that weave him with the other ones purchase very more value and they are never superficial and useless." 

XVIII
While Ivo described that fantastic world that was his/her city, they reached an angle of the wood where it did a great deal him more rent. The trees that characterized that point were all pines, a great deal more lower part than the redwoods but very more neighbors the one to the other. It just arrived near those leafy branches, instinctively Ivo lowered of volume his/her serious baritone voice.
"We witness the place where you/he/she is taken place the last passage of our jewel job. Behind these bushes there are those that we call the creating ones, that use him for the first subjects that we pick up to be turned into figures of elementali." 
This way saying Ivo him made space among the rent of the branches, dense of needles and pine-cones. Saint and Dafne imitated the gestures of the giant also penetrating them in the thick vegetation. Few instants and they totally found again him in an invisible circular clearing from the outside, with a skylight that opened aloft among the leafy branches on the sky. Who in earth, who sat on a stool, who with the elbows leaned on enormous wood tavolacci ingot and who straight frantically walking, they formed a group of about twenty people intente to carve and to mould forms of beings from wood blocks, of chalk, of clay and of other typologies of materials. The busy people in these jobs, men and women, had a whole inclusive age between the quarantacinques and him over seventy years. Ivo cautiously advanced between the figurines and the creating ones and meanwhile it revealed with pride to the two guests names of elementali and artisans. 
"And instead this is Sabrina, the mascot of the group, but surely not less smart. You/he/she had reached since such young girl a manual skill that is not been able to make to less less than assign her/it to the group of the creating ones. The inhabitants usually enter to make part of this group once reached an enough mature age. Know, it take a lot of appointment and so much practice before creating similar works of art!"
Saying this, it threw above from earth a tall figurine a span, representing an enchanting nymph of the watertight intentas to observe something in front of her. The eyes were great, wide open, the eyebrows slightly arched to underline the amazement for what he/she saw. The hands leaned on a stone, the astute braccias to sustain the weight of the whole body. The round breasts had put even more in evidence from the posture of the breast and the head that you/they stuck out him in before as to scrutar better what incuriosiva its eyes. The legs were perpendicular to the braccias, slightly flexed, suspended in air. It was evident that the many colored wings of butterfly that sprouted from behind her shoulders harmoniously maintained her/it in that perfect equilibrium. After some I draft the figure from the thick red head of hair intenta in his/her own job it turned him of release revealing his/her identity to the guests. It was the girl of the pond. It began playfully reproaching Ivo.
"It seems yourself correct to disturb my concentration awkward giant?it " said, quadrating him/it with a false accusatory look for then to get up of sudden from his/her stool, launching the braccias to the neck of the big man and hoisting above himself/herself/itself to stamp a kiss on his cheek.
In the meantime the heart of Saint, from the moment in which you/he/she had acknowledged her presence, you/he/she had fluctuated in a sort of fainting. All inside his/her body seemed to have become liquid and the pulsations of its heart had become deafening thuds in its head. He didn't persuade at all him of the why he/she didn't succeed in having self-control in front of that girl anymore. The golden ch'ella emanated extremely the sconquassava. There was her a fundamental key that would have disclosed him the incongruous vicissitudes that overpowered him/it, of this by now it was almost certain. After a fast exchange of wisecracks with Ivo, the eyes of Sabrina seemed to realize only in that instant of the two guests that you/they assisted to that family sketch. Her lips stirred turning the question to both, but the eyes were fixed only on Saint.
"As it seems you our spellbound village? Do you know that soon it will touch you to tell us some you? Let's be all very curious ones to know from where come!"
Smiled Dafne her cordially but, although it was as soon as perceivable, its teeth were some too shut ones as those of whom stiffens in front of a probable avversaria.
"This place seems so much pure and at the same well organized as time that it doesn't almost seem me possible that are found on the Earth.
"Earth with the capital one or with the lower case letter? Only who doesn't have an attitude fundamentally addressed toward the good you/he/she can judge our utopian village. If you look yourself in the soul, sincerely, at the end truth is more to course of hand than you can think" he/she abruptly answered her, but without resentment, Sabrina.
Dafne remained enmeshed by the abrupt purity of the girl that set her of forehead an accusatory enigma; how could you/he/she ever know where Saint and she were ended? From one initial choice of his you/they were happened then facts what its most fervent imagination would not even have been able to ever foresee. He/she answered disdained, in the hope to understand how you/he/she had to see the girl, if an avversaria or an impulsive and exuberant youth too much.
"This seems a sentence taken by an essay of theosophy. Thrown so, of hit, in this context, you/he/she could be misunderstood. However I appreciate the fact that you want to share your existential discoveries with the others. You will see that, when you will learn the art of the comparison, your ideas will have daily lifeblood to draw from the minds of yours similar. To your age I made the same thing with the adults, then growing I have also learned to listen and to know, before speaking."
Smiled Sabrina her without lowering of a millimeter his/her fierce look.
"The people love to feel to be said by the books what they already know; sin, however, that this is not worth for what the other ones tell them. If a book discovers one secret of ours, it is a joy, if the secret realizes him another human being it is a tragedy. Yet behind a book there is always another human being, with the only difference that is in perennial disadvantage in our comparisons considering that we can judge his/her work, while he will ignore by circumstance operates him of his/her reader." 
Dafne he stiffened offense. What was seemed her impulsiveness, it now identified her/it under to his/her true voice: insolence! Before you/he/she could answer, however, Prometeo intervened that in the meantime you/he/she had reached the group.
"The greatest limit of the human beings is to be above all mouth. When they will realize to everything have two ears and two eyes, they will listen and they will really look and they will finally meet the Spirit that is the eye of the universe. Ivo, thanks you for the time that you have devoted to our guests. You can now return quietly to devote you to what you have left in suspended."
Then, turning to Saint and Dafne, it said:
"And now, my darlings you entertain, we leave my daughter to his/her job. You/he/she has not gotten used to the presence of the extraneous and certain distractions, during his/her job, you/they could make her/it fall in coarse errors. It is surely a girl talentuosa, but you/he/she should be some most modest, considering that experience does him on the field, both in the job, and in the human relationships. It perhaps is not true, Sabrina?"
The nymph from the hair coppered him is darkened meanwhile, stricken in the alive one from that sermon that ingloriously his had cancelled "almost" victory on that woman that didn't tell you her correct. As it was possible that around her it didn't warn any aura? Thing did us with that man that, contrarily it had an immense energetic aura, almost palpable to tactile level. It was unbelievable that he didn't realize that deception despite the potentialities that shone from every pore of his/her body animico. Reluctant it folded up him to the series words of his/her/their father. It slightly lowered the head, and despite you/he/she had realized from his/her words that you/he/she was ordering her for transverse streets to apologize to Dafne, it limited him to say:
"You excuse, but I must return to my job."
The look of Prometeo was very eloquent. It was in anger because of the weary stubbornness of his/her/their daughter, that never mitigated his/her unbridled pride.

XIX
Prometeo had sat on a strong chair of oak whose arms finished with two heads of wolf stylized, you carefully carve from a skilled artisan. It was situated in the darkest angle in the kitchen of his/her characteristic residence on the tree. Saint and Dafne respectively sat one of side to the other, in front of two glasses of good brandy leaned on a big wood table ingot. The head of the village, after some chatter of routine respect to their characteristics houses, with assembled face and absorbed it reached therefore the of that convocation. 
"Friends, or I hope better, is able I lend to start to use this appellative turning to you. But I know too much till now unfortunately few about your life to be able to be certain, that you consider me to you a friend. My people, in a handful of times, you/he/she has disclosed you the fundamental hinges of our existence. There are trusted despite your little initial clarity. It now touches to you to show us your trust in our comparisons."
Saint decided to open. Its smell revealed his deep wisdom of that thick middle aged man and, already once the to be confided with a wise man you/he/she had brought him in heart a blessed serenity. It was at that time surely the most sensible thing. Certainly, nothing was logical from what their paradoxical trip was initiated. It continually had the impression to be deceived, not only from the people that he/she met, but even from the same landscapes that surrounded him/it. The trees, the mountains, the sun and the air that filled him the bellows and it allowed him to give breath to its lucubrations, seemed even an immense colossal fraud. His/her most atrocious discomfort, that then was that more universal and human, the prophetic one to be or not to be, had to be really in not to know where he was really. It looked for hopelessly roots that connected him/it to his/her/their mother Earth, that you/they made him/it hear again a living being partecipe of the world. On those atavistic roots the immense tree of the conscience and the intuition held up him, so much tall to always have permission to Saint to breathe the sacred breeze of the divine tides, the Unio Mystica that conducted him/it anywhere with the full conscience of Itself. This whole chaotic orgy of uncertain cogitations they eradicated from his/her lips every possibility to describe with rational logic the events that had brought him/it in that place. The only clear intuition that its language could snatch was:
"I have lost myself."
Dafne seemed enormously upset by that affirmation of Saint. It lowered the look, nervously tightening the inferior lip among the incisive ones, and for a fraction of second it threw a fleeting look spaurito on the figure human session of forehead. Prometeo pretended not to notice that sudden dismay of Dafne, rather it seemed to launch her a smile of agreement. Its voice warmly painted the room, its tone was calm and soft but solemn and determined.
"Saint, will find here the solution to your anguish, you have only to stop looking for, and to look."
"Thing means?it " beat perplexed Saint.
"Not to try to read something of complicated in these words. The key is not hidden that can free you the mind. You have only to stop looking for, and to look. Only through the observation you/he/she can be realized us really the momentary reality that turns around us. I use the momentary adjective because, there obviously is not an only univocal reality. They exist endless, relative realities. Innumerable microcosms that flow parallel and they often weave him, and the apparent absolute independence of these monadis, in that breakers in which they tie him, it is refunded with the cosmic plain eternity of the Spirit, for then to make not riassopire in his/her depth Itself this pearl of truth as soon as it is closed again to hull in itself same. But this you already know him/it, I read him/it in your eyes. Only that become me account than is difficult to make to shine the proper one to know on every situation in which is catapulted. For the nth time, I exhort you to observe, it witnesses the only solution the dark."
Dafne, as stung by a sudden hurry, it inserted him in the dialogue telling the history of the veliero, of as you/they were suddenly aroused on that boat. He/she supposed to have been abducted with Saint from their house during the night, also not remembering at all the events that had intervened before their rape. It also told some strange meeting with the elderly hermit, up to the arrival in their village. Prometeo silently listened to everything without never asking close examinations or explanations respect to the story of the beautiful dame. The only his/her interventions in the monologue of Dafne were characterized by gestures not records served as the hands, or from signs of assent with the head. Ended ch'ebbe his/her history, Dafne it bursted in hiccups and it turned him toward Saint to sink the face on his breast. Saint was immovable, icy as a statue of marble. When they dismissed him from the house of Prometeo, him harshly Dafne attached.
"Liar! Why do you lie? Who would have us abducted in the sleep? Why don't you admit that all has departed from one sick eccentricity of yours? Have been insincere for the nth turns! To that devil of game bushels playing, Dafne?"
Her breath accelerated in a beating of eyelash, its face was red and the lips showily trembled her.
"You are a simpleton! After what has happened, as can you pretend that I tell to this people of the so surreal situations to risk to have exchanged for charlatans, with the scary consequences that they would spring of it? Remembered that already once, on that ship, you have compromised, risking of it stuffed to kill both. I want to be only some most astute. Certain secrets are alone our. Do you want to understand him/it or no that we are alone on the same boat? I am victim as you of everything that that surrounds us!"
Said this, turned him of Saint shoulders and it got further of run. This time he didn't pursue her/it to console her/it. It didn't try compassion for colei that had begun all for his/her love, jeopardizing then his/her same life because it loved him/it. He was fed up with the forgery, it was covetous of the truth, that manifested sooner him the possible with his/her magnificence, lucivago of every more slender demonstration of his, only it desired, in all of his/her most varied facets. Only departing to pick up pieces of truth, being careful to put even together his/her smallest splinters, you/he/she would have been able to hope, sooner or later, to reach the noble portal that would have conducted him/it to the salvation. Now, as would you/he/she ever have been able to accept that the lie, could obvious negation of the truth, reside still on the lips of its companion of trip?

XX
It was late night when a roaring noise aroused the whole village. To Dafne and Saint you/he/she had been delivered for lodging a house in disuse. Dafne was in bed already during the event, while Saint was out, on one of the bridges that connected the various residences on the trees. The event happened really in front of its eyes. After few you draft the house to few meters from him you/he/she was totally wound by the flames. From there to brief the whole population hastened out of his/her own houses and, acknowledged him the fire, it used him in all the ways to soothe that fire that would have been able to destroy the whole village. Saint and Dafne actively participated in the work of turning off of the fire. All the inhabitants, already trained for similar events, they immediately founded a human chain that recovered buckets of water from the near river to make her/it arrive until on the red hot tree. Thanks to the skill of the rescuers, soon the fire was tamed. The house was destroyed, but the enormous redwood, apart its leafy branches completely you singe, it was still standing. However tragedy had not been avoided. The citizens, that had worked very hard for extinguishing those flames, had kept on casting desperate glances, hoping to individualize in the middle of the swarm of rescuers the tenants of that house. Unfortunately the first ones that entered the skeletal framework of what you/he/she had been a comforting cottage, they found again him in front of two completely charred bodies. Manolo and Virna were an affectionate couple of cinquantenni that, not having had issue, they spent big part of their leisure time helping her other families to raise his/her children. For this you/they had become his/her uncles for antonomasia of all that boys grown under to their fond cares. He was low and sturdy with a round faccione and always smiling. You were beautiful, it had blonds hair, an ancient face from dame of other times and that kilos in more than you/he/she had put with the age you/they had served only to his make already sinuous and tempting forms of woman more prosperous. The friends that plain pians drew near to that horror had the terror to assist to the ineluctable goal of their friends. But in reality there was no anything of relative that gave testimony of the presence of their companions. The extraneousness of that burnt bodies and without form he/she left them incredulous. It made them seccar the tears on the cheeks, leaving him a terrible void inside.
Prometeo was prey of an uncontrollable anxiety. The citizens, in that breaker, they turned around him all, looking for from him that composure and that lucidity that it set the stakes of the logic in that messy field of disturbance. He did violence to himself, it braked his/her emotions of man, of friend, to put an end to that dismay that risked to be transformed in blind panic. There was already someone who swore to have seen a monster fall from the tall one on the residence. Instead someone shouted that you/he/she had been a human being to hang the fire someone who wanted to sabotage their sacred job. That small village had the characteristics of a widened family and well soon, not having other human installations in the proximities, the anger of many men addressed the suspicions on the guests. That two sinister individuals that had not been clear since the beginning, that you/they had taken advantage of their generosity to make an attempt to their lives. Saint immediately realized the hostile looks of that people. With circumspection it drew near to Dafne and it told her:
"Be nearby me, there is something that doesn't square me. I fear that the guilt of this misfortune is about to fall on our heads."
It didn't do in time to pronounce these words to the ear of Dafne that a sixteen year-old young boy the sferròs a fist to the face. Saint succeeded in shunning the hit lowering himself/herself/itself and pushed the aggressor that fell in earth. The boy shouted him against accusing to be him/it the guilty one of the fire. The atmosphere of hate that made the air of that so heavy night to fold up the shoulders of the inhabitants of that village, finally found the strident one note of trumpet that declared opened the battle. It seemed a bull disguised by man the first one that hastened to the cry of the boy. A quarantenne, with a thick beard to compensate its baldness, he launched toward Saint. It departed with a forehand that Saint shunned, but immediately after the left one it went to target on the cheekbone. The occultist tottered, but you/he/she stayed standing. The other man, blinded by the anger, it still struck him/it with a hook to the temple breaking him the arc sopraccigliare, that started to plentifully bleed. The man was already in procinto to continue with a discharge of fists but Saint, realizing his/her intentions, you/he/she was thrown on him. It was an inconsiderate gesture. It went to beat against a mountain of muscles without making her/it shift of a millimeter. The man the sferròs a heading on the forehead, then an uppercut made to whistle the air the chin of Saint missing. A series of fists flew, all of the aggressor, that you/they struck Saint more and more times. He/she didn't want to fall, you/he/she would have been the end, but its legs surrendered and he found again I pour again in earth. The kicks that arrived were thunders against its ribs and its back. Saint tried, rolling himself/herself/itself to earth, to go out of the course of the hits. All of a sudden Dafne on the man; he however she also struck in face with a fist, and with a kick to the stomach the spread out ones to earth. That instant served to Saint to pick up a big stone, but he/she didn't succeed in getting up from earth and in few second the man it was on still him with its kicks. A group of people was assembled around and it looked at the scene with the eyes blinded of irascible to like. It was as if they saw the assassin of their friends discount the correct punishment. Saint held tightened the stone among the joined palms on the breast. When the man he bent toward his/her lean face to shout him incomprehensible insults, he recalled all the energy that stayed him to strike him/it in head with the stone that tightened with both the hands. The man stepped backwards some footstep, you/he/she staggered and you/he/she fell in earth surprised. It had a depth cut on the side of the skull, the blood you/he/she had already covered him half face, dirtying him the neck and the dresses. The other men hesitated incredulous, but in few instants their thirst of revenge it immoderately grew. They launched snarling against Saint that it still lay sat in earth. They also did in time them to strike him/it with some soccers up to that an imperious cry didn't terrorize the group of aggressors.
"Thing devil is doing? Animals, street of here!"
Prometeo he launched in the middle of the group. It was a middle aged man, but it had a great deal a mighty physicist. Taken the first two that it was found before for the hair and it threw them back making them fall. Three aggressors, stunned by the anger, you/they had not even acknowledged the arrival of Prometeo. Ivo, the good giant, ch'era hastened beside his/her head, he launched on the three them in earth, as they was children.
"My God, a tragedy and you happens, incapable to manage your feelings, immediately use you to create another of it!it " shouted the head of the village.
In the meantime other men had hastened to the succession of Prometeo. 
"Ivo, assembles some men and arrests these irresponsible crazy persons. It has never happened, from when they are to head of this village, that I have had to imprison someone. This world is my family but you, you were also my children, I could never forgive you. You have shown a wickedness and an ignorance indescribable."
Someone of that group tried to give even more an explanation but Prometeo him inviperì.
"Nothing I want to listen in this moment. We will have the opportunity to speak subsequently of it."
Then it went to be sure on the conditions of the guest. Saint was a mask of blood and didn't even have the strength to get up. The pain for the suffered hits was shed on everything of its body. Dafne meanwhile you/he/she was thrown above by earth; it had an evident livid on the cheekbone, caused by the fist of the brute. Meeting hastened to Saint and together with Prometeo threw him/it on. This last held surer to bring the two guests to his/her house. There it was certain that nobody would have violated his/her door to discharge some insane vengeful gesture.
To the entry of the residence the two wounded were welcomed by the wife of Prometeo, from his/her/their daughter Penelope and from his/her twin sister, Sabrina. This last impressed a lot him to veder Saint reduced in that state. You immediately offered to take care of her same the man, that was brought in her room and lain down in his/her bed. It was the first time that found again him so near to that strange what had him very stricken. It seemed that both were reciprocally read in the mind. Was unbelievable! Saint didn't have full conscience of itself and the find of side to her it stunned him/it extremely. Meanwhile Dafne was found in the principal room where Prometeo had asked her elucidations really the day before. The other sister he was dealing with her. The livid one under to the eye it was not worrisome, but the kick that had suffered had probably cracked her a rib, seen what time the beautiful dame labored to breathe and to stir. The condition of Saint was worse a great deal. Sabrina, when it removed from him the shirt, it had of forehead a body full of excoriations and swollen by the livid ones. While it was curing the face of Saint, it looked at his/her body half discovered, and remembering the fact ch'egli few days before had totally seen her naked, it warned a secret excitement. From a side it mortally felt him in guilt to try similar feelings when two dear people of the village had died you just burn, but of other song he made account that his/her mother, that meanwhile had gone to call the physician, you/he/she would have returned soon and that intimacy reached with the stranger would be enfeebled. For now they were alone and she would have been able to understand more something on the magnetism that inexorably attracted him to him. While Saint, having more years than her, he/she succeeded in checking better the sexual instincts, succeeding to more approfonditamentes to look at that attraction for her and discovering you a spiritual bond, her, instead, in the full impulsiveness of his/her seventeen years, you/he/she was overpowered by that attraction that it converted everything of his/her interest in a turned on physical desire for him. You/he/she was terrorized by that instinct that it dragged her/it for the hair toward the ineluctable hunger for Saint. It seemed her a gesture done by somebody else that had suddenly taken possession of his/her body, but its head bent him on that of him and grazed his lips with a kiss. Against his/her rational wish, its incipient voluptuousness pushed her/it to throw him on the jacket to reveal breasts and abdomen, that it softly leaned on his naked breast. That winding heat, that bossy emotion they were very intense to be broken her breath. The heart was a wall of sound that thundered in its brain. Meanwhile to Saint it seemed to be absorbed in a dream. It warned his/her aura mix to that of her in a harmonious concento. Even pain seemed sweet in that state. 
You was not pushed there never so much in with a man, but his desire left her/it dissatisfied. He/she wanted to have him/it more, the thirst for that body you/he/she had demolished every inhibition in her. It was crazy of desire, it didn't realize anymore where it was, of what situation had brought him her, of the risks to be amazed from its famigliaris. You threw down the calzamaglia, a leg unthreading only himself/herself/itself and, with delicacy, it put on astride on Saint. It felt on his/her pube his member that subitamente became animated in the pants despite its battered conditions. He put her both the hands on the gluteis, the vices the breasts making her/it groan. Then it was herself to free him the member from the pants. It started to rub against him. You had never made the love and the penis of Saint it seemed too much him a big thing to be able to welcome her/it. Him, with delicacy, it started to push. You were very wet that he immediately entered her inside. It sent forth a smothered cry. The pain for the penetration, mixed to an entrancing excitement, they almost made her lose the senses. Then she started to stir on Saint. The enjoyment for both was crimely incommensurable. There was no possibility to detach from that pleasure. After few minutes Saint exploded in her that, warning its orgasm, it reached the apex of the feminine one to like. A noise in the room of side made immediately to detach Sabrina from the man. You dressed again in hurry and fury and it went out of raced from the room. Fortunately Dafne and his/her sister were moved in the third room of the house, that of his/her/their parents. Finding the free stay, she took to the flight the door of exit, escaping in the wood.
"What has it happened? My God, thing I have done?"
Sabrina was prey to the panic. It felt his seed strain among his legs and it tried an unheard of shame of it. An animal uncontrollable desire had forced her to make an unthinkable thing in its life, straight in such a tragic moment for its village, with the risk to be open from its family! 
It stopped his/her run next to a big bush and it hid you. It crouched with the head among the legs. It still warned his odor on his/her body and the shivers of pleasure they returned to whisper her that exotic tastes. You/he/she had been very beautiful, you/he/she would never have imagined a scombussolamento of such course you/he/she could be tried. Was lost in that enjoyment, was the strongest thing that could be tasted in life! It was embraced with herself for endless minutes to relive that dream with the memory, then finally his/her took rationality the upper hand. You/he/she had to return back immediately, otherwise someone would have understood something. To justify his/her exit picked up some medical grass that it fortunately found on the road of the return. When it reached house, his/her mother and the physician you/they had just entered. His/her mother looked at her/it surprised. 
"And you that you killed us? Had to not you watch over on the wounded?"
He/she was read her in face the disappointment for that daughter that always wanted to do of his/her head. Sabrina tried not to make to be surprised by the inquiring eyes of his/her/their mother and answered all of a breath.
"I/you/they have gone out only an instant to take some medical grass as lenitive for the wounds. Don't seem me really in danger of life, it has only need of something that attenuates the pain." 
The physician intervened with cordial meekness in that family dispute.
"My dear, has done very well! Six promoted to my personal nurse. You come to give me a hand with the medicines."
Sabrina smiled expanse. If the extracted era!
"To the orders, doctor!" ironizzò also her, almost happy to have her/it frank trail.
The sense of guilt could also wait. Meanwhile in the other room Penelope, twin sister of Sabrina also aesthetically resembling blandly only her and really not at all under to the profile caratteriale, he was dealing with Dafne. You/he/she had smeared her an anesthetizing ointment on the cracked rib and, with his/her generous calmness, it labored a lot to hold to the countess he/she minds. Dafne quivered, he/she wanted to get up from the bed and to race from Saint. After the weary insistences of this last, the poor Penelope helped her/it to throw above him from the bed to bring her/it from Saint. When they arrived on the door of the room, Dafne was stricken from an inexpressible jealousy when Sabrina discovered that, together with the physician, he took care of his/her companion. It entered furtively, hastily declaring and in impolite tone:
"I will deal me with him, now!"
The physician didn't lend listening to the words of the woman. It was intent to apply some points of suture on the eyebrow of Saint. Alone Sabrina he immediately turned verse of her but riabbassò the look. A sense of shame and fear it pervaded her/it. That was the companion of the man of whom she was unexpectedly fallen in love. It realized really at that time, when inclusive that Saint didn't belong her. Dafne he made space in bad way close to the physician to help to cure him/it Saint, she put on aside and with an endless sadness in the heart it went out of the room. In less than a hour had known the unbridled desire for a man and the physical love and now it already met him with the cruel clandestinity of its feelings. Who knows then that opinion had his beloved of her; was it for him a slut that had taken advantage of the situation to grant him illegitimate pleasures? 

XXI
Saint had slept the whole morning in the room of Sabrina. In the meantime Prometeo had had to calm the minds of the inhabitants of the village. You/he/she had also asked explanations to the aggressors of Saint, to which in the meantime the permission had been given to return to his/her own residences. You/they had returned to reason from that barbaric fury that had dominated them during the night, but they were extremely hostile towards the guests. They were almost certain that the two foreigners were the guilty ones of the fire in the house of Manolo and Virna, and to confirm their thesis they had strong signs against Saint. Prometeo was puzzled from the fact not to have realized the negative aura of Saint and therefore to have him same indirectly caused the death of his/her companions opening the doors of the village to that two strangers. But of however you/he/she would not have been able to do otherwise, the existence of all was tied up to a thread. The essential equilibrium of the things was precarious state and him you/he/she had to try everything because the events flowed more blandly the possible, so that the danger of the end had definitely gotten further. His/her people didn't leastly realize the dimensional chaos in which you/they were found at that time. It was entirely his/her assignment, whether not to mend, because it didn't reenter in his/her possibilities, at least to collide with the situation so that he/she took a less catastrophic fold. With destroyed air Prometeo directed him to house. He/she greeted with a sign of the head the two men that piantonavano his/her house to guard the guests. His wife tenderly welcomed him/it. 
"Treasure, you are not the village, unfortunately cannot foresee the gestures of all of his/her inhabitants!"
"Dear Monia, the matter is even more complicated than you imagine yourself and you/he/she could become even more tragic than is not him/it now. I need to talk to quattr'occhi with our guests."
His wife surprised him some catastrophic tone of his/her/their husband. You/he/she had ever heard to pronounce from him similar words. Of rule its sentences already suggested the key that would have brought to the solution of the problem. You/he/she was never allowed to overpower so for a long time from the nervousness for a difficulty. This time its dark look worried her/it extremely. He/she answered to his/her husband with trembling voice.
"He is still in the room of Sabrina, it seems doesn't wake up yet, while Dafne has gone out an instant with Penelope to take some air. You/he/she should be on the gallery on the back of the house."
It just finished the sentence, Dafne and Penelope they reentered. Penelope immediately realized, the expression of his/her/their parents, that was something big that didn't go looking, while Dafne hastily greeted them to race in the room of Saint.
"Well!Prometeo " exclaimed "I will go to the room with them to clarify some things. There are not for anybody. If someone looks for me, that lathes later."
This way saying, with heavy footstep, it directed him in the room of Sabrina. It knocked to the door and it entered without waiting for the answer. He/she was firm in front of the bed, with the hands on the sides in an imperious attitude. Saint just woke up and Dafne sat beside him. The head of the village started its discourse using a great deal a serious tone.
"Mr. my, now that are out of danger and under my protection, I demand some clear explanations on everything. It will be a coincidence, but before your arrival nothing similar was not happened in this village. Everybody thinks that you are responsible of the fire of this night."
To those words Dafne upset him enormously. It was found again catapulted on the bench of the accused for something that didn't imagine even what it was. Saint, however, maintained the firm look in the eyes of Prometeo and after a long silence it sentenced: 
"I will tell you all of this that has happened last night, but know that it will appear you an improbable history. I anticipate you to be certain to have seen what I am you to say. I was so next to that thing that the first hot flash of fire has me almost overwhelmed."
Prometeo listened with the cross hands behind the back and the turned look to the floor, apparently lost in the void. He/she answered him:
"I will listen to you without interrupting you. I won't be me to judge the truthfulness of what you will tell me, but a court of the select people on purpose. He/she also speaks, boy."
Saint moistened the lips with the language before starting to narrate.
"Yesterday night I was only me on the wharf that connects the house that you have given us to disposition to that of the wretches that have lost the life in the fire. Dafne slept, while I labored to take sleep. It is a great deal a period of my difficult life, that maintains me in a continuous state of anxiety. While I was being absorbed in my thoughts, I have felt a violent rustle among the leafy branches above my head. It was dark and from principle I/you/they have not succeeded in identifying the dark mass that fell to precipice from the sky. When however I have realized the immense massive structure of that being, I am launched in before crushing me in earth and then rolling I have found on the side of the wharf, staying with half body suspended in the void, in unstable balance, but kept firm, thank goodness, from the ropes that they compose the structure of the bridge. That animate thing had of sudden stopped its fall to around two meters from the wood floor. From the mouth a hot flash of fire that has wound the house passing me above to few about ten centimeters has spit then! Finally if flies away in a flash of it. The rest you know him/it everybody. I already know that you won't believe me, but I cannot do otherwise. This is what you/he/she is really happened."
Prometeo had assumed a great deal a serious expression. Its forehead was very frowning to be seemed a mountainous chain engraved on a world map. A sea of deadly wavy thoughts broke around him its black motionless pupils. Its body was spectrally firm, as if you/he/she was suddenly turned into a statue. Dafne, that didn't know the story of Saint yet, was still more puzzled than before. He/she didn't know anymore whom to believe to, it seemed her a whole immense infernal car, that had as end I complete the to make her/it crazy. Prometeo broke the dense blanket of anguish that fluttered in the room apparently asking with calm tone:
"Describe me this being."
Saint scrutinized for a moment the eyes of Prometeo in the attempt to understand if he believed a minimum in its story or no. But nothing clear shone through in the turbulence of that eyes. Then it opened the trembling mouth and the words that went out they were from there so dipped of an ambiguous indecision, that immediately feared you/they could put his/her description in the doubt.
".era a devil!
Prometeo impulsively sbottò.
"Thing? A devil?"
Saint made a depth breath and exposed of a breath his detailed description.
"Yes, a devil! It had the body ebony color, the form it was umanoide, but the hands were provided of claws and the back legs they were caprine. Two enormous wings of bat sprouted from his mighty back. The only part of that monster that I don't have well framed was the head, because when I have observed her he was spitting the deadly blaze that has destroyed the house, but I believes to have succeeded in the two prominent horns basic characteristic of the demons."
Prometeo stammered uncertain.
"Your story is terribly insane! If me it was true.
It didn't finish the sentence. You looked at the shoulders, timorous that someone had entered the room to his/her insaputa, for then to brusquely cut the conversation.
"You listen. All of this must have brought to the court that people will elect this afternoon. Until then of this matter won't speak anymore."
Said this, went out deeply upset from the room. His wife, that tried to tidy up the kitchen to become distracted from that anxiety in the meantime that it held her/it suspended between the panic and the total apathy, glances on the face of his/her/their husband an illegible expression ever seen before then that it upset her/it extremely. It didn't dare to pronounce word. You/he/she had unintentionally heard to originate from the other room the word "devil", but it was not risked to ask explanations.

XXII
In the afternoon the whole village assembled him in the Agorà and was started the votes to choose the members that would have judged who pits the guilty one of the tragedy. Sabrina was in a bad mood. An immense sadness filled her heart; for the first time in his/her life it warned in his/her comparisons the hostility of some people that, discussing among them, they held her/it the cause that had allowed the two foreigners to bring the misfortune in the village. Then that secret inconfessabile burned her inside; what had done, what tried for that foreigner. When the dusk came, the select members of the court already witnessed to the bench of the jurors. Prometeo, being the head of the village, you/he/she was excluded by the elections. Its assignment would have been that to take action of the decisions of the court and to make her executive. In the great spiazzo of the Agorà a flood of people crowded making to seem that place a great ant hill to the work. When, accompanied by Ivo and by other men, the guilty ones came some brawl of last night, a lot of people had a motion of bother. To see his/her own friends or his/her own family essays as criminals, was an unbearable scene to look, and when Saint and Dafne finally came, escorted by a group of men, the raging hate of the presents flowed in it howls and whistles. Prometeo, with his/her mighty voice, it imposed him on that noise making to diminish the chaotic cries. Then it finally began the session with these words.
"My fellow citizens, beg him to you to put aside every prejudice and grudge. This is a moment in which I ask everybody, and in special way to the jurors that you have chosen this afternoon to submit him to the good sense and the healthy rationality that you/he/she has always characterized our way of living. For before thing I want to give the word to our fellow citizens that are stain of a free violence to my senseless opinion. Companions, hope that have a more reasonable motive to mitigate at least your guilt for the crime that were completing!"
Among the group of the aggressors of Saint it did him before Matteus, the taurine man that for first you/he/she had attacked him/it. It had the head completely bandaged because of the hit inflicted him by the occultist.
"Prometeo, for my innocence I can say only that, as soon as I have seen my child fall in earth, struck by that stranger, I/you/they have been seized by an uncontrollable anger; I was already unfortunately in a critical emotional situation, having just discovered the charred bodies of my brother and his/her wife." 
From the group of Matteus a voice originated.
"And who tells us that our Matteus has not attacked really his/her brother's assassin?"
The shouting of the crowd immediately did him intense. Another voice raised him from the group of Matteus, it was that of a youth, red livid from the anger. 
"We have defended Matteus, you/he/she has been stricken with a stone from the foreigner. Would have been able to kill him/it, so now would cry the deaths of both his/her brothers!"
"Is right!his " howled nearby and the other ones started to curse against Saint. Prometeo hardly succeeded in making to keep silent the furious crowd. 
"Friends, stop to do her/it you to overpower from the irascible emotions that now reboil in your blood. I also suffer for the fates of our companions, but I become me account that if I don't keep the calm I can never see with clarity how much tonight is happened. You now listen to the version of he who accused trying the more possible than to be impartial."
Then turning him/it look toward Saint. It exclaimed:
"On, force, explain us thing last night is happened!"
Saint was standing, to its side Dafne visibly trembled from head to toe. Around it had the group of men that had escorted them up to the Agorà. There was later immediately the cram of the furious crowd, that had only looks of hate and curses to fior of lips in his/her respects. It employed some instant before being able to find the courage to describe the paradoxical event to which had assisted.
"Last night I was on the wharf that the house connects where you have offered me hospitality with the residence that has gone to flames. Dafne, my companion, was in bed already. All of a sudden I have felt the leaves get excited above my head and I have seen an enormous dark mass to proper precipice on me. I am launched in ahead to avoid that it fell on me, fortunately staying attached to the ropes of the wharf. That "thing" you/he/she is suddenly stopped to few meters on the level of the bridge, suspended in the void, and you/he/she has sent forth from the mouth a blaze that has wound the house of your friends. I don't know how you call a black being, from the aspect umanoide, but with the hands provided of claws and the back legs caprine. I call him/it demon."
Laughed hysterical and obscene curses they raised him to the address of Saint. Nobody wanted to believe in that fanciful history. One of the jurors, ch'era entrusted of to question the accused, got up standing and very sarcastically churches:
"Thing you intend for demon? I have never seen a demon, apart in the illustrations, and I don't believe that I would know how to easily recognize him/it so much in the dark of the night."
Saint immediately understood that among the individuals of that jury nobody would have believed him. They looked for a scapegoat and all the eyes of the people sat to that bench they mirrored the same hate that transuded from the full public of that impromptu hearing.
"I don't have other to say. For me it was a demon. If then someone succeeded in capturing him/it and to give a different cataloguing to that being, well comes, but in mine small I am convinced of what I am saying."
The abrupt sentence of Saint, some too much provocative for the situation in which was found, it was the fuse that again baited the anger of the people that started to push the group of men that surrounded Saint. Prometeo started to shout of star you calm with all the strength that had in the bellows. It feared that his/her citizens definitely lost the control. If so you/he/she had been, you/he/she would have assisted to an atrocious lynching without being able to stop him/it. He/she called to big voice Ivo, that immediately realized the gravity of the situation; it ordered to the men that watched over around Saint to bring him/it toward the bench of the jurors. Here Prometeo interposed him among the poor occultist and the furious crowd, that finally owed stay in front of theirs first citizen. Prometeo was out of itself from the anger and from the disappointment that it tried towards his/her beloved village. He/she believed that in every city of Boscocittà had turned on the imperishable light bulb of the fond rational conscience that set them, in his/her cuor as the avanguardistico social finishing line of every community, while you/he/she had to now be being met against the blind hate of those people that, as children, didn't know how to dominate his/her own emotions. Taken courage and strength inside of itself and to big voice he/she talked to the crowd.
"Friends, the night of the tragedy me same I have felt somebody of you admit to have seen a monster. Who he is? You does before! Hands his/her testimony to help his/her people to have the justice that deserves him."
Among the people he made space an old man that, slowly advancing, it started rotating the baton to recall the attention on itself. Prometeo noticed him/it and turned him to his/her address.
"Nestore, do you know something of this monster?"
The old one, satisfied to finally have been noticed, riabbassò the baton that rotated a little before in air, for riutilizzarlo for his/her reality purpose and, leaned on his/her scepter of elderly, to wide mouth it uttered.
"My dear Prometeo, has something to say of very important. I am certain, considering that I have assisted to the growth of every individual of this village, that nobody here would have never the insane desire to burn the house of some fellow citizen of his."
To quell' affirmation there was a buzz of approval to originate from the crowd. The old man continued with its lucubrations, strong of that popular consent.
"Therefore I must deduce that an extraneous can have been alone to plan a man reprehensible action."
Prometeo interrupted him/it.
"Nestore, you are excluding previously that is treated of an accident."
"Sure! I exclude him/it previously because I know as you/he/she has gone. I am preparing only voialtri to what I am you to say. We have all seen the gravity of that fire and I challenge whoever, alone, to provoke a fire of such course in an arc of brief time. I reach therefore the, my gentlemen, an instant of patience! That night I have seen the monster of which our guest speaks to spit the blaze that has burnt the house of Manolo and Virna. Initially I have thought pits an optic effect of the smoke that raised him from the fire, but then reflecting well, I/you/they have succeeded in temporally replacing the succession of the various events, reaching the conclusion that that dark stain, that resembled so much to a winged monster, had appeared before blazing some flames. I know that what is telling you it is upsetting, but I believe not how much what I now will reveal you. Making dettagliatamente lies local I/you/they have reached the conclusion that I have seen at first our guest on the wharf that the house connects where it lodged with its companion to that of our dead friends and, an instant later, he had disappeared and to its place you/he/she was materialized that horrendous creature that the fire has provoked. Will seem you ch'io rave, but I am inclinable to believe that the monster is really Saint, that is turned into that demon with some strange devilry!"
To those words, the crowd proruppe in cries and agitated gestures. The most terrible explanation is always that more reasonable to satisfy the anger of the crowd. Prometeo scrutinized the eyes of Saint trying to rouse in the depths caverns of his/her soul that dark side of which was accused. You/he/she had always had an ability out of the commune in to realize the intimate of the people. Possible that that time he was mistaken so platealmente? Meanwhile the inhabitants, reunited around the Agorà, you/they had restarted to crowd in direction of Saint. They asked justice and they immediately demanded her/it. Sabrina was in that cram, he allowed to sadly cradle from that shoves that they originated from every part without opposing resistance. That benumbed body was not his anymore. It hoped that in that way someone succeeded even to trascinar street his/her limbs, amazed in front of that last disarrangement that definitely had her shattered the soul. For her that man represented his/her secret love, the liberation of an internal impetus in her never before known. 
What that gone crazy crowd could succeed, with those pushes, send away her of back the terrible oppression of those defeated limbs! If it wished him/it the more depth than the soul. On the other side of the barricade, among the chain of men with to head Ivo, that tried to embank the virulence of the furious people there was another heart that melted him for the fate of Saint: Dafne! It fixed with incredulous eyes that miasma of people that inveighed against his/her companion, and for the nth time it felt responsible. Possible that her, that would have been able to decide every thing of that surreal adventure, that would be due to be a paradisiacal trip and that you/he/she was turned then into the peggior nightmare, could not you/he/she do anything? She is true for the love that tried for him and perhaps also in tone of challenge you/he/she had given up piloting the plans of the trip. You/he/she had uttered:
"If you don't want to decide, I won't even decide for us, the case will be left to!"
Its choice seemed her in that breaker brave, a plebeian demonstration of the reverence that had for its love. Now, how much it ached him of the lightness with which you/he/she had declared what an ineluctable sentence was shown then. Its most desperate desire was that to return back for otherwise choosing. Perhaps you/he/she would never have undertaken some trip, even to the most favorable conditions. Perhaps that extreme game would be had to stop very first. But an arcane voice in her calmed the clamor of its conscience:
"My dear there was not other choice, the possibilities that you had of forehead were two: to lose him/it or to be nearby him, here." 
And Saint? He quivered everything! You/he/she had reached the height of the idiocy and the paradox. The whole hate of that crowd didn't intimidate him/it at all. You felt extremely detached by that confusion, it was so much a something of extraneous to him that it almost seemed him a futility to interest him of it. It warned only an annoying itch to the ears, given him by that weary to shout of that swarm of fleas that he protected ahead him. It had a big desire to shake her to him of back. 
"This is not real!" he repeated "everything this doesn't have some sense!" 
To the sudden one the deafening boato of that crowd diminished as of enchantment. Saint was immediately attacked by the fear to have become because of that implacable noise deaf. Then, scrutinizing among the furious crowd that aimed him against, it noticed the outline of the teacher of the island. Its peaceful and relaxed attitude was in clean contrast with the spitefulness of the people that surrounded him/it. The old man lifted the look, aiming the astute eyes in the heart of Saint, and it imperceptibly opened the mouth. Saint remained of plaster when it realized to perfectly hear the whisper of that man. The noise of the external world was enfeebled, their two there were alone in the piattume of a bath of dormant crowd.
"Dear Saint, this ch'io I told that hermitage it was not the vain breath of an empty leather bag. I preannounced that would be seen again there and so is! You annihilate this turbinio of fools insults and you follow my imprints toward a worthier site. You have the power of it. I exhort you to know yourself!"
This way it said, and with an impressive facility it was started among that crowd that as soon as it widened chetamente for lasciar space to his/her light footstep.
"People there really are not" concluded Saint, and as in a sort of trance he also crossed the crowd, unharmed and ignored.
All the people still fixed the place in which him poc'anzi was firm, surrounded by the men that they tried to defend him/it from a probable lynching. You/he/she was accompanied by the teacher in the thick of the wood, away from the orderly trees that represented so much that village to him hostile. You/he/she had followed the elderly one as a rape his/her magic piper and now, of sudden, it waked up again him from that spellbound numbness, from that seeds irresponsibility that you/he/she had already wound him/it in the moment in which you/he/she had warned the sign of the death draw near to him. When that crowd was introduced as his/her possible executioner, its soul he was dressed, as to protect its feelings and its more alive feelings of a cynical and sour lucidity. You/he/she had confined him in a bell of glass, detaching him/it of clean from that red hot external world that would have been able to suffocate him/it. Now any possible torment was enfeebled as for enchantment, without a reasonable explanation, as after all above an impossible rational explanation that whole world leaned him in which Saint was condemned to be. You/he/she had always been a skilled player in the life. 
To recite in the booth of the faded world, side beside to a crowd of more immovable existences, you/he/she had always succeeded him easy, even though, with a point of regret, you/he/she had always criticized the few possibilities of an experience to make really many colored, crushed from the gravity and from the slowness from the monotonous laws of nature and from the unbearable temporal cage to which all the other men and he were forced to undergo. The unbelievable permanence in this suspended cosmic that annulled every sense to the events that followed him, left now, instead, orphan Saint of the precious rationality from which escaped before. If in the world that knew before this adventure, it was always sheltered in his/her trips in astral to shake of back the rigid laws of the terrestrial rationality, now, in this sea of not sense, it looked for hopelessly a branch of the reason on which to climb for saving. And here that, however, salvation had come from a nth surreal event. 
The teacher had sat on a rock and you/he/she attended that Saint went out of that vortex of internal reasonings. When he/she saw the eyes of the youth finally return to stare at him/it, it paternally smiled at him.
"The somersaults of your cogitar are as essential as the orbits delli planets and delli satellites of the Solar one Systematizes!"
"Thing has happened, Teacher, has need that is given me an explanation to everything this."
"Saint, is so much simpleton the humble your rational Self to ask the key of a door that has already been you wide open of forehead to one servant of yours?"
"You, one servant of mine?"
"Dear my Saint, has not understood yet that I am a part of your expanded conscience? They are not null'altro that a part of the immense power of your mind. You have shifted those people, so that your footsteps moved toward the liberty. You same, in this same instant, bushels answering to your small and blind Self in front of a mirror that reflects your conscience. There is no need ch'io says other. It is as when a child plays with his/her foot because as his doesn't recognize him/it and, believing him/it an extraneous body, you/he/she studies him/it and you/he/she surprises, but, in the moment in which he understands that you/he/she belongs to itself, not the note more, also the foot remaining always to him faithful. You also realize you, I see him/it from the expression that you have in face, as you seem yourself easier to understand mine single word that, during our first meeting, it seemed you so abstruse and sibylline, also if already in your mind you warned the truth that played again waving in unison with your unconscious wisdom. All finally does him clearer, my Creator! Mine archaic speaks of before it now does him more modern, more neighbor to you, because you same you have allowed me him, because you have decided to remove a veil of Maya to deepen your look. You won't see me more, not because I separate me from you, but simply because I will belong to you. It will happen as when you look yourself at the mirror, where you don't detain yourself on every single cell that composes your body, so when you will explore your conscience you won't acknowledge me to you, because I will be you."
Saint had sat on the rock where as soon as few instants before he/she saw sat the elderly wise man. Of he there was not anybody anymore trace. The occultist got up of release and at he looked around. It was alone and it substantially felt him suit and master of itself. It realized, in an instant, the relativity of that frightening trip to which was subdued without trying to react. As the everything could suddenly change around without any logical connection, accordingly also he would have been able to create or to undo anything was introduced him before. It warned in itself the magic strength to be able to do this, you/he/she would have had only to learn to take conscience of it. 

XIII
Something unbelievable had happened. Sabrina, from his/her position, you/he/she had succeeded in seeing a lightning among the men in front of her, really on the head of Saint. That lightning had centered him/it in full, then the boato that was derived had been around so strong of it that all the people you/they were thrown in earth pressing himself/herself/itself the hands on the ears. As soon as the men were thrown on, acknowledging himself/herself/itself the disappearance of Saint. Crowd was literally stunned and frightened by that epocale event. Few instants and it was assisted to the cries of the crowd that impazzava for the whole village to the search of someone that, in their cuor, they hoped not to have to be found before. By now they were all some that Saint was that monster of which it spoke. Dafne had been brought to house of Prometeo. Formally you/he/she had not been accused of nothing but the solo fact to be the companion of Saint it already represented by itself a heavy sentence. It was found alone in the room of Sabrina and he/she knew that the men in the adjacent room would not have allowed her of andar street. It was a sort of bland imprisonment that would be been able to turn into something of well worse. The men's voices in the room nearby, that spoke to low voice not to make to be heard by her, they weighed her as a boulder in the soul. It was alone now. For indeed. The cause of that trip and the thousand mishaps which you/they had had to make forehead, was the direct consequence of her choice not to separate from its lover. But Saint had now disappeared, in an unbelievable way, you/he/she had abandoned her and that void left her inside between the hope of its return and the hate was contended for that abandonment. The tumult of its heart was so much violent not to even allow her to rationally wonder thing you/he/she was happened and if this depended indeed from the wish of Saint. Sabrina eavesdropped to the door of entry the discussion between his/her father and the other men of the village. The heart beat her strong. His/her love done give to a monster? Was impossible!
Nothing didn't warn in Saint that could leastly unite him/it to a monster. He/she didn't know more than to do. It felt the urgent need to react to that ill-omened events, taking a stand, otherwise it would be fallen in the abyss of the desperation. Why did its village hate its love? Sudden cries tore her/it from its thoughts. Of run leaned out to the wharf that separated its house from that of the neighbors and the horror painted him on its face. The monster had returned and now you/he/she could also see him/it finally her in all of its appalling structure. It was a demon ebony color, the thick anthropomorphous body it was of unbelievable dimensions. You/he/she had taken of assault a group of houses, setting on fire her with gushing out violent throws of flame from his/her mouth but this time his/her arrival it was not rapid as the last one. After having struck the houses, he launched in flight I pour the people that escaped for the village. From his/her mouth other blazes that wound the people in escape went out, then it planed, placing its heavy clogs in earth. With his/her terrible clawed hands it grabbed a man that raced and it tore to pieces him/it as it was a crumb of bread. Sabrina received a shove that for a little it didn't throw her/it in earth. The men assembled in his/her house, together with his/her/their father, you/they were catapulted out and they hastened in help of their people. You he fell of them behind instinctively shouting for making courage. His/her father turned him of release and pushed her/it violently, making her/it fall in earth. 
"Not to risk you to follow us, goes to immediately hide you in the forest, is an order!"
The voice of his/her/their father was a thunder of mixed anger to fear. It was as if you/he/she had howled her in that instant how much she was important for him. Sabrina bursted to cry and runs in opposite direction to theirs. Meanwhile Ivo had grabbed a lance that cast with violence behind the monster. As it was in his/her intentions, he/she succeeded in striking the part more vulnerability than the horrifying body. The deadly one to be proruppe in an infernal grunt. You turned of release, but Ivo was already hidden behind a redwood. To that point other men were prepared in circle on the opposite side to that of Ivo, encircling the demon. It started timely a rent throwing of arrows. The darts didn't succeed in penetrating in depth in the hard meat of the monster, but however the wounds were evident on its body. The decision to go down in earth was a big error for that demon. Meanwhile other arrows were hammered in the wings, and when it retried to detach the flight to escape that unexpected trap, ripiombò in earth disorientated. The raging anger of the demon, however, didn't make him attend. An unbelievable throw of fire wound the trunks where his/her aggressors were hidden. Many of them rolled in earth, sending forth gruesome cries, while they were burning alive, others of them succeeded in estranging in time from the trees. The monster started racing toward the wood, really in her them same direction. Ivo, that was still to his/her shoulders, launched him against an atro javelin that centered him/it among the shoulder blades, not stopping however his/her run. In few instants it reached a group of men escaped to the flames. Prometeo turned him of release and saw that immense creature race really toward of him. It unthread the ax that had tied to the belt and wide apart legs it waited for him/it ready to strike him/it. Was its life ended? His/her beloved wife? His/her precious daughters? 
These were the only thoughts that roared him in head. The two men that were together with him immediately interposed him with the shut lances on the walk of the monster to defend their head. They tried to stop him/it, piercing him/it, but the demon grabbed the braccias of both and tore her of clean. In front of that scene Prometeo felt his/her legs surrender for the fear. He/she didn't succeed in doing nothing. In an instant he/she saw the face of the demon one meter away from the his. Then as in a dream it was found to observe the head of the monster from the tall one as if himself had gotten up in flight. Its eyes were filled with the ceruleo color of the sky. It didn't warn the narrowness of his/her body anymore. You/he/she was hovering in the sky. All of its senses had disappeared, only the sight remained tied up to double thread with its conscience. That demoniac face had something of too much relative. For an instant it was him almost seemed to see a mirror. An endless pacific sadness wound its being, lukewarmly. You/he/she had not succeeded in saving his/her village and you/he/she had not even been able of sferrare the last, even though vain, proud attack against that malignant presence. But by now it was not able it stuffed void. The die was drawn, it would not be more you is some decision on his/her behalf. The ceruleo roof that overhung him/it became leaden and irresponsibility reached to hiss its thoughts.

XXIV
Saint had spent the night huddled in the big concave trunk of a redwood plurisecolare. Thousand nightmares had happened to its psyche, already exhausting his fragile reason. You/he/she had to feel almighty and instead. instead it was tired, weak. It warned the whole immense insufficiency of the human being, only, only. That feeling of nothingness was a fool that made him/it unarmed in front of the outside. It kept on being repeated:
"I have understood everything, they are me that command, I can change the rules of the game to my liking, enough that I/you/he/she strive me." 
But that effort seemed him unattainable and abnormal more than the work of Atlantide. 
"The world is on my shoulders this world!"
It had the feeling that every tree, every thread of grass, anything present around him, it fed him of his/her energy to exist. 
"If the world is one representation of mine, I already consider me more skilled, succeeding in maintaining a certain personal lucidity, to still recognize me as I individualize, while everything of my Spirit is absorbed in to give life to this endless series of tones that composes him around. How could I ever succeed in deciding to be able to change something?"
Saint talked to tall voice to the trees, to the flowers, to the air same that breathed and that he/she filled him the bellows, allowing then him to create the sounds of its same words. It was as if he/she directly talked to his/her conscience. It had the impression that everything penetrated in him. An intuition, made him/it then collapse in knee. You held pressed the palms of the hands on the temples to avoid that that illumination escaped its attention.
"The conviction is the key! I am convincing me that this world feeds him of me and this thing it really happens. The wise man, has spoken instead to me of all other thing. You/he/she has told me that I could change the things to my liking, to be powerful, but you/he/she has never mentioned to the fact that the outside pits one representation of mine of the reality. Only he belonged me!"
The occultist already felt his/her immensely lighter shoulders. 
The conviction is the key. 
As when he is little boys and the game that have us propinato or that ourselves there are invented, it convinces us to the point to nail us for whole times in that situation, without giving us possibility of breath. Also from adults, everything is a joint of thousand games together. The matter is complicated more, but only in appearance. Our life, our world, is only rules and stratagems of a lightening game. We go to work because you/they have convinced us that what we do both a job. We frequent such that person because you/he/she has convinced us his/her way to do, but enough a wrong primer to provoke the collapse of the fragile structure on which these paradigms are founded.
Fanaticism is the estremizzazione of the game that does him/it therefore to become irreversible. 
Fanaticism is the nearest condition to the truth. 
The truth in itself and for itself doesn't exist, as as it regards the happiness. Our ability is alone to create us a reliable truth, custom for us. 
Strongly of that intuition that had returned him lifeblood to again face the unknown iniquity of that hostile world, Saint it went out of the concave trunk, where you/he/she was absolutely held hidden for an arc of time for him illegible. Moved the first footsteps in the thick of the wood and with amazement it realized that the wounds that had been cured him had restarted to bleed and rather they seemed, deeper than before. Above all the back ached him immensely. All that kicks that you/he/she had boxed, had put us some, but tyrants now reached to pretend the rightful part of pain that was up to them. It was a miracle that was still standing. It needed to find some water to be able to be cleansed the wounds and to avoid that they infected him. Immediately excluded the possibility to go to the river next to the village, you/he/she would have been too much risky. Then with a light smile it welcomed the idea to reach the pond where you/he/she had met for the first time Sabrina. The running water of the river was surely less bacterial than the stale water of that little pond, but unfortunately it didn't have other choice. Besides it fed an instinctive trust in that place, that was seemed him from immediately fatato. To find again the road would not have been a problem, you/he/she would have gone toward east and, the sea of forehead finding himself/herself/itself, you/he/she would have looked for the pond in the proximities. Around the environment was so thin there of vegetation that you/he/she would immediately have jumped to his eye that oasis wound by its flourishing flora.
After a long to err, Saint finally reached its destination. Fermo in front of that dark green circle, composed by friendly bushes, you/he/she suffered a sudden anxiety. It had the feeling that someone the same waiting beyond the vegetation. Which sets as hideaway could be surer for a demon? 
"What by now stupid conjectures are created me in head. Am becoming paranoiac!" 
It was his/her cynicism that came him in help to avoid him new tangles of the soul. By now, in the situation in which was found, you/he/she had to be ready to wait him for anything really behind the angle. But to have of side that deadly omnipresent state of conscience, would not have been worth him to anticipate the unforeseen event. If behind that bushes there had been a some monster, of certain you/he/she would not have been able to avoid the meeting. Who knows, even really hiding himself/herself/itself in that oasis would have avoided a disagreeable meeting.
It was alone in that instant that realized not to even have thought for a second about his/her Dafne. She had remained in the village, in nanny of who knows what torments. 
As ch'egli it was possible you/he/she had not thought of us before? 
It was as if you/he/she had always felt her to his/her side, his/her instinct it didn't warn him distant. Also at that time, in which the reason surprised him of its carelessness towards her, its mind it was calm, as if it smelled in the air the odor of its companion. What feelings were you/they ever these? Possible that its mind had reached such an internal disarrangement not to be succeeded in decoding its emotions anymore and to coherently channel his to cogitate? 
Every thought seemed out to fall him in head from, upsetting him/it every time. Its head appeared as an empty container, or better as a closed container, out of its control, that something as soon as disclosed him in base to the whims of its drunk limbs. 
Laughed to big voice! Had become crazy! Better not damning him the existence and way of living with lightness his/her new condition of irresponsible imbecile! 
Of run crossed the road that separated him/it from the oasis. It threw to the air all of his/her dresses and it threw him in the pond with a roaring cackle. It was a couple of minutes sott'acqua, so much to make a will if the instinct of maintenance had been unharmed in him or every impulse you/he/she was irremediably jeopardized. At the end it sprouted out with the head, riempiendosi greedily the bellows of air. Was not everything compromise, its heart still needed the precious air! But a nth violent amazement dyed its face with an unbelievable unforeseen event. The appannamento of the eyes, going out of sott'acqua, some second had lasted. What now saw was a certainty, at least for his/her insane mind! 

XXV
Sabrina raced. It raced because his/her father had shouted him to escape with the voice, while with the eyes you/he/she told her that she was the thing most important that had to the world. It raced because it loved someone whom its village hated. It raced because you/he/she had recognized that monster. It raced because by now, its village didn't exist perhaps, already more. In his/her life you/he/she had always attended that something of strong it happened for changing the placid destiny to which went toward. Every time that looked him projected in the future, they were filled her eyes of tears to imagine him aged as his/her mother, to attend the issue and to hurry the domestic matters. In truth it had a quality in more in comparison to his/her mother, that would probably have brought her to manage the organizational part of the creation of the figurines of the elementalis. It was a noble job in his/her village, rather it was the reason for which its village existed. But this even was not enough for her. That routine already made her/it go crazy now. 
As you/he/she would ever have been able to spend the whole life in that way? 
Then, to the sudden one a series of events that you/they had changed the course of the things had happened. It warned a sharp pain of nostalgia to the heart to consider to his/her life up to a few days before. So near yet so distant. Would never be been able to return back! What perhaps, happened, it was inevitable. It understood now only the hidden hate, entirely irresponsible, that tried towards that paradisiacal village, of that benevolent people that was loved and he/she reciprocally esteemed. You/he/she had been really his/her hate to cause everything. 
While its soul wandered in the meander of its sad cerebral castle, its body reached destination. This was his/her private place the mirror in which its conscience looked him and he purified. You/he/she would not have been able to save her/it anybody in this breaker to the infuori of his/her magic oasis. 
Its beloved leaves already caress her the face, while it was entering the circle of vegetation that held hidden the pond to the indiscreet eyes of the external world. Here is his/her perfumed and light air that already consoled her the desperate breath with his/her levità. The soft grassy mantle made not the tickle to her feet as soon as it unthread him of back the sandals of hard leather. It was then an instant to free some heavy dresses that oppressed her the pore of the skin, holding anchors her/it to his/her origins of inhabitant of Boscocittà. Now that was naked, it was only her without history and without duties. It owed as soon as possible to suffocate his/her immense anguish in the blessed water of his/her pond, would have devoured otherwise her body and soul in a flash. 
While it was being about to bathe, a sudden crash in the water made her jolt the heart in throat. He/she saw the drops squirt, the to ripple around some water and the foam, but it didn't gather what fallen was in the pond. The terror petrified her/it leaving her/it imbambolata, standing on the shore, to fix the water that got excited. Then everything returned calm and nothing more stirred. 
Possible? Was thing ever fallen in the water? 
Of sudden something emerged. It was the head of a man. My God, who could steal never him his/her angle of salvation. it was still paralyzed in the full his/her nudit, the absorbed feet in the lukewarm one of his/her violated sea. 
Its body of milk was nanny of a foreign look! 
It didn't have other choice, it threw him in the water to escape to that violence. 
On the face of Saint a serious smile that contained the whole accomplice folly that united him/it to that nymph appeared on the surface. Now it was him to be the ogre to want to devour those magnificent forms. You pushed to swimming verse of her, maintaining his/her look as a laser on the young girl that was dipped in the water in the meantime. He/she saw her lips open in a grimace of amazement, when his/her ceruleis eyes recognized him/it. Not their bodies were just near sott'acqua they were melted in a liberatorio embrace and Sabrina you/he/she could finally shout the pleasure to be taken by that man. The depths sighs of him were almost moans of pain for that liberatoria explosion of its desire. They loved in the water, then stretched out on the soft mantle of the magic grass of that place. They took the whole time that it was necessary for knowing their mutual bodies. They did anything, without hesitations, without uttering word maintaining their rationalities and their past away from that place. It was as if you/they had been born from the foam of the pond, as soon as few hours before, and their only purpose was to tie. 
Sabrina was stretched out with the head on the naked breast of Saint, with him still inside of her, when the reason returned to tap him on the temples. 
What was you/he/she happened to his/her family, to his/her father, full of that the last time had looked at her with the eyes love for her and of fear for the fate that attended them? 
Did thing stay of its village from there? 
That man, narrow to her, could you/he/she be the monster that was torturing his/her world remotely? 
His/her people thought him/it, but she, didn't warn at all instead in him that ill-omened aura; rather Saint seemed to belong to the sphere of the Beings you Overcome. The energy emanated by its lover had an I don't know that of prophetic, it hid in him the key of some ancestral mystery. 
No, it was of his/her world that demon, it was certain of it, therefore surely you/he/she could not be a creation of him. By now that monster had disclosed her its origin. You/he/she had succeeded in looking him/it at dettagliatamente in face. Ripercorrendo the features of that abnormal ebony body, recognized all of its horrendous familiarity. As you/he/she would ever be been able to return to his/her village, realizing that perhaps it was really her to attract that bad luck that ineluctably it belonged her, his/her despite? 
Sabrina started to day-dream to stay forever in that oasis beside Saint. You/he/she would have been stupendous to lose every time among his/her braccias in that way. Would you/he/she ever have been able to desire other? How were the adults able to grow weary to make the love to conduct a sterile life of couple without that woodpeckers of pleasure? An indescribable series of controversies had done violently break-in in the life of Sabrina. 
The love, that monster, people's death to her dear and the suffocating guilt to feel the craftsman of everything. Its seventeen years of life had become all to a line twenty-five! The doors of the post adolescence they were closed forever. It was a woman now and irremediably they weighed her as a boulder the responsibilities of his to do, also still behaving himself/herself/itself with his/her usual nature, dictated by the impulsiveness and by the audacity.

XXVI
Ivo was shouting to a group of men that you/they were bringing some wounded in an awning as soon as out the village, prepared to hospital by field, to do soon. You/he/she had found other two bodies behind a pair of redwoods that they still burned. The first body was of one dear friend of his and there would have been well little by now to be done, but the other stretched out man in earth, to work, but it still breathed. You loaded on the shoulders the wounded and, with inhuman effort, he/she succeeded in moving in big hurry from the flames and from the smoke that it already broke him the breath, dragging himself/herself/itself behind also the lifeless body of the friend. 
There were men and women that used him without standstill to start keeping silent the avid voracity of the flames, provoked by that monster. There were some redwoods that for hundreds of years you/they had resided in that eternal place and what time they inexorably saw extinguished their future. The greatest part of the I house-plant with trees, however they were safe perlomeno. While these inhabitants saved their village from the distruttività of the fire, others, after having helped the wounded and recovered the charred bodies of the most unlucky, they lent every type of assistance in the impromptu hospital field, founded as soon as out the village. Penelope, the twin one of Sabrina, was beside the fatherly bed with the eyes destroyed by the tears and by the punishment. 
Prometeo? You/they had found him/it stretched out in earth with two long lances pierced in the abdomen, and to these you/they had still attached the braccias of his/her companions, you tear of clean from the fury of the demon. The wife of Prometeo naturally took on his/her shoulders the management of the situation. Accustomed to assist beside side her husband in all the decisions that up to that moment he had taken for the good of his/her beloved village, it seemed her more obvious to continue the work that the companion, in that breaker, you/he/she could not personally bring before. The inhabitants of Boscocittà didn't hesitate an instant to follow the indications ch'ella it still distributed to the valid people to find again the order of the things, what time it seemed distant. While Ivo he was mainly dealing with to recover the wounded and to start keeping silent under the flames with a team to his/her command, she organized the works of first help for his/her unlucky persons companions that had tasted the cruelty of those demoniac flames. 
The picture of the harmony of that hard-working village suddenly falls in the forgetfulness, leaving the place to the horrendous image of a battleground. It was paradoxically grotesque to observe that square of uncontaminated nature even more, bombarded in so ill-omened way by the destruction, yet still surrounded, a little anymore in there, from a luxuriant swarming vegetation of life. During the night the conscience of Prometeo had returned vigilant, yet it didn't dare to open the eyes, neither to give some sign to the outside of its return from the meander of the deadly irresponsibility, where miraculously you/he/she had floated without sinking. A pain, greater than the wounds that had in womb, it paralysed him/it and in the same instant as the lapel of the cruellest paid coin to Giuda for the betrayal of Christ, it contracted him the limbs in pangs of desperation. 
The face of that monster!
It was not possible, but he still had him/it vivid in his/her memory. It was as if he were specchiato in a black lake. That was certain pits his/her face, dyed of ebony and disfigured by the ferocity of the evil. It didn't have the palest idea of as the destiny you/he/she could be teased of his/her village in so cruel way. About that malefic entity didn't know how to make sense of the origin, neither so much I lead the aesthetics of the face. A perfect drop of water of his, approves in negative. While it was reflecting on the endless possible explanations, it prayed in cuor his that the face that you/he/she had seen in that demon was a simple illusion of the evil same that invested whoever he/she met him/it confrontation, to fill him the soul of appalling dismay. 
Perhaps it already dawned, because it warned the light through his/her eyelids that, perhaps for fear to find before the nightmare of that monster or simply because it didn't have in itself the necessary strength to face that raw reality yet, you/he/she had not dared open. All of a sudden it came him the weak voice of Penelope.
"Dad, prays you, wakened up in hurry! The people of our village are involved in the pure folly more and more. Hallucinations are exponentially spreading and I am afraid of the monster, as also of our same companions of life."
Subitamente Prometeo opened wide the eyelids staring at his/her/their daughter. The small his/her Penelope had a destroyed expression, it seemed you/they were placed on his/her eyes, to the sudden one, ten years more. The lips trembled her and the cheeks were crossed by the signs of the annoyed tears on its beautiful face, stained with the black of smoke and framed from ruffles him head of hair that suited him more to a wild animal that to a youth of its age.
The first words of Prometeo were alone for her.
"My treasure, calmed, I swear you that I will bring you out of the iniquity of these moments. Until so much that I will be alive, are sure that nobody can do you some evil and also after my death, my believers friends will protect you in the same way according to which would do him/it me!"
It said this, as a father tells him/it his/her small child that is afraid of the ghosts. He/she knew ch'egli it was not able anything in that breaker and that their future was extremely precarious, but account made also that those words would have shifted in his/her daughter the necessary strength that for years he had inculcated her educating her/it. The hope had to be always the last to die and although for now you/he/she had become an illusion, his/her family would always have had to perceive safety and protection in the brooding of his/her entourage.
Penelope bursted in roaring hiccups, his/her father embraced and stormed him the cheeks of warm kisses, damp of tears:
"Dad there is out here people that goes saying that that winged monster has your same face. Nobody knows more where Sabrina is ended. Fortunately is not among the bodies of the fallen ones, however the people, our people, do now him suspicious with our family!"
Prometeo tried to dissimulate the blinding pain that penetrated in his/her meats hearing the words of his/her/their daughter. Sabrina had disappeared and that monster really had its features! It immediately recovered the necessary lucidity not to run over his/her daughter with his/her desperation and it told her with fond calm:
"Bushels calm Penelope, involved without stain, as you have always done, and it won't happen you nothing of badly. You go to call Ivo, tell him that I have waked up."
When Ivo came, Prometeo drew an enormous sigh of relief in not to notice in the eyes of his/her companion any suspicious and accusatory look. Fortunately he still trusted him and you/he/she would surely have beaten to defense of his/her family.
The indestructible head of the village, during that moments of vigil, he/she took as soon as conscience of the fact that would not have gone out anymore probably from that agony. It was too much weak, the lances had pierced him vital organs, there was no hope of one improvement of his. To breathe an endless pain had become, it continually had to bring his/her attention on that obvious action that is instinctively learned with the fit solo to be born. It feared terribly to find himself/herself/themselves suffocated by a sudden apnea, sews together to free him/it from the nonstop pain provoked by the malefic air that burned him the bellows. Even the air had become him hostile!
You/he/she would not have lifted the head anymore from that bed, the time it tightened and you/he/she had to pick up all the energy remained him in body to give his/her last dispositions of head and father, so that it saved him the savable one.
It fixed the look on the colossus that still stayed him faithful, and it uttered as touching cynical words.
"Ivo, has reached the terminal, more than one day I won't survive. I will be just dead, you must assemble the people that according to you it still reasons, and to bring her/it the most distant possible from here. The monster has him with the village and before when you are imagined it will return and the consequences will be ill-omened even more. It saves more possible people, above all his/her children, but if you will find some parents to you hostile, leave them to their destiny, not to force them to follow you, they would be turned into hostile potential."
"But Prometeo, is all brothers.
"Not to interrupt me Ivo, begs of it. I know that this of which I speak to you is cruel, but unfortunately the paradisiacal atmosphere of Boscocittà is broken and the fear insinuates him in the human mind. The people become cruel and without scruples. They will be already formed groups of people ready to take the control of the village with the strength. You are too nearby me and they will never accept your command. Listen well to me, Ivo, these people don't have all the blames to distrust me, that monster really had my face! I have seen nearby him from, believe me! If I told everybody that that being, also having my semblances, it is not at all connected to me, in few they would believe in my word, but I am sure that you believe me. I don't absolutely know as that monster can have my face and I don't even succeed in imagining me what perfidious mind has been able to create this sorcery. It will be your turn to discover him/it. Be of vital importance that you bring yourself behind Dafne, must protect her/it more than all of your same companions, also comes before yours and of my family herself, remember him/it! I know that it will seem you absurd, but you must trust me, Dafne it represents the key of the equilibrium of our world. It is incomprehensible, I know him/it, but you reflect only on the fact that from when she has come with his/her companion, the energy around the village is totally changed.
"The guilt is his!" sbottò of a breath Ivo.
"No, must never think him/it!Prometeo " shouted "she is the alone one that could save you! Who of us he/she succeeds in warning the aura of the other ones you/he/she has immediately realized that she didn't have him. In truth it is really the contrary one, its aura is very expanded that it penetrates everything around us, inclusive me and you; then understand that if she died, the energy of everybody and everything would die! It seems insane, but I assure you, dear Ivo, that these instants before the death are granting me the aegis of the whole wisdom and the perspicacity accumulated during my existence. Ivo, salute whom you are able, but he/she everything thinks about her. If the safe ones, will save all of your darlings, if she dies, all must be lost!"
Prometeo bursted to cough and the lips were dyed some red of his/her blood.
"Ivo, is about to die, it makes to enter my family and I pray you, you also stay, I want to die nearby with you. It waits, a last thing. When you will have succeeded in your assignment and who has followed you it will be to the sure one, I beg you to do something for me. My daughter finds, Sabrina, insureds that is well."
"You/he/she will be done, Prometeo, has my word on everything" Ivo said, shaking the hands of Prometeo.
"Thanks friend, faults to enter" Prometeo whispered, reduced by now to a mask of pain.

XXVII
Ivo walked to head of the rope of people to his/her I continue with. You/he/she had succeeded in convincing many of the inhabitants to follow him/it, but as many you/they had not believed him or you/they had not accepted the fact ch'egli he/she took the reins of the command and you/they had decided to stay in the village. You/he/she was invaded by a sense of dismay and fear ogniqualvolta it considered to the people remained to the village. It realized that perhaps their fate was already marked, and the desperation and the discouragement to have separated the destinies of the people of its village didn't rest. Of other song, however, you/he/she had to maintain his/her mind shinier possible. It was responsible of those people who had believed him, that submitted their lives in his/her hands. Him, of you/he/she was simply performing however the dispositions of Prometeo. Of his/her head you/he/she would never have invited his/her companions to hide in the forest. Waiting what then? 
It abandoned his/her house, ch'era that of his/her parents and of his/her grandparents until to reach the most remote generations of his/her genealogical tree, to shelter him in the unknown one, hostile forest. Why was not there more Prometeo? Why had not you/he/she been him granted the possibility to have nearby still his/her head? It was him that it had clear in head the situation. What had tried to explain him, before dying, it was indeed something of complicated and Ivo knew for some that Prometeo was hocked at the most for simplifying the more possible the complexity of his/her vision. Who knows how many things you/he/she had concealed him to make him less twisted the picture of the situation. Of however Ivo knew his/her possibilities and his/her limits. Mother Nature had furnished him a mighty body, apparently indestructible, a great heart and a lion determination but the thinness of certain ways to think left him/it struck dumb, deaf in front of things that it didn't even suspect you/they could be conceived and above all to see.
Dafne walked to his shoulders, close to the family ones of him. Also this point of the words of Prometeo they were entirely him dark. How could you/he/she hide the salvation of their world behind the features of that fascinating woman of which few entrusted him? The women! He was in love perdutamente of Sabrina, it waited only that some was grown more to openly declare to her. He would have succeeded in managing the whims of the beloved one, you/he/she would have been a good husband, you/he/she would have had the whole patience of the world to make her/it reason and to forgive her his/her follies. It was certain that you/he/she would not have been easy to live with her, but he loved him and you/he/she would have accepted everything, also to be nearby her. Now, however, he/she didn't even know more where it was and its dreams seemed only the remote imagination of a child too grown. You frightened to imagine his/her body, too much big and powerful, as the cause that had made his docile too heart and his to think too much childish. Protected by that invincible armor, heart and mind you/they had been adolescent, you/they had not been forced to face the rawness of the life and accordingly you/they had not become adult. Absorbed in his/her thoughts that as soon as influenced by the discouragement for the misfortune of that period, he was turning into real paranoias, Ivo didn't realize that Dafne had reached him and it walked nearby him. Of sudden she began:
"You really know where you are bringing there? And above all I want to know if a prisoner I am considered, considering that you have given order to yours to never lose me sight."
Ivo turned him of release to observe her/it. It fixed her look, so magnetic and intense, and moved by a sudden childish embarrassment it immediately lowered the look meeting in front of itself the formidable neckline of Dafne. She wore a light blouse that had lost the first buttons also tearing himself/herself/itself some on the right side during the disorders of the village. Ivo had of forehead two prosperous more hidden breasts, one of which it was more discovered of the other because of the laceration of the fabric. The forced march in the forest had imbued the fabric of sweat making almost accordingly it transparent. Ivo warned his/her cheeks dye him of red, while the language was dried him in throat. It raised again the look on her face, and without pronouncing word it turned the head continuing the walk, as if nothing had been asked him. The terror appropriated him of him when it warned the beginning of an arrogant person erection in its pants. Of certain she would have noticed him/it, Ivo wore only an open gilet on the naked breast and a pair of pants of fustagno. 
Meanwhile Dafne, conscious of its charm, had realized to full the embarrassment of the giant and this it gave her an incommensurable power. The new head would rather have been easy to be managed. You would have succeeded this way in not making himself/herself/themselves turn into the scapegoat of this whole ugly story. Strongly of that moment, cunningly Dafne insisted to question Ivo:
"If don't answer, to this point I deduce that I am free to do what I want, therefore I opt for not following you more and to go to look for my companion!"
Says this, the dame stopped him and made the gesture to start him in the opposite direction, but the big hand of Ivo immediately tightened her an arm, firmly stopping her/it.
"You cannot go from any part, it is for your his/her own good and if I am forced to say you that six a prisoner to make you remain with us, then I declare that from this moment in then I am your jailer. I beg you to keep on following me."
Saying this, Ivo encircled with the arm her body and if it approached him on the side, the walk proceeding. He warned so sensual her heat on his/her skin, while the erotic perfume that was emitted by that splendid body of woman wound him/it so much that the emotions that gathered him/it stunned him/it. It was the hit of grace to his/her attempt to maintain the control of his/her senses. Before still that if he realized same of it, a preponderant erection it polled from the lower part of his/her pants, him sticking mocking on the naked abdomen. She immediately noticed the excitement of the man and a languid itch it crossed her the low abdomen. That strong arm kept on encircling her life, so that to make her abdomen a particularly erogenous zone. Ivo was red fire in face, being ashamed himself/herself/itself bitterly to have been cultured in fault from the beautiful dame. Now if it tightened her/it to itself to avoid that the looks of the others to their shoulders acknowledged something. You aimed him in full face an illegible look, some accomplice and some derisive. It mentioned him a smile and gently it removed his arm around his/her life, also him remaining adherent to the body to save him/it from the embarrassment. 
When they placed the heavy backpacks next to a depressed clearing, surrounded by the thick of friendly secular pines, all were destroyed, tired and hungry. They turned on some fires and they fed him to the best for then to collapse each in his/her own sack to hair, without not even the strength to climb on a curtain. The words that that evening was spent were rare and all practices. Nobody dared to think something that went beyond the food and of the craved rest that waited for them. It was for a whole night without dreams. The mastodontic body of Ivo hacked a protective shade on the outline of Dafne, dormant almost close to him. 
"The strongest of the flock next to the savior of everything."
It was the last thought of Ivo, while it was falling in the forgetfulness of Morfeo. Why? What did it mean? Prometeo, before dying, you/he/she had tied him to that woman, he had been forced to be nearby her and temptation was now conquering him/it inexorably. If you/he/she had not been him imposed to protect her/it, you/he/she would never have approached her with interest and you/he/she would never have looked her as he/she now saw her/it. 
The left fires turned on for discouraging the beasts of the wood to draw near kept on crackling. A group of men closed the circle of the dormant caravan. Theirs was a rest to half. Their bodies were totally immovable and benumbed by the tiredness, but eyes and ears were intents to watch over on their families; it was their assignment and it went from there some life of everybody. 
Meanwhile, in the village, Matteus, the aggressor of Saint, was already place to head of the other inhabitants with the complicity of his/her best men, also them hunters, among the roughest and bashful of the village. You/he/she had not wasted time and you/he/she had immediately made to search from top to fund the house of Prometeo, sustaining that you/they would surely have found there, if not the solution, at least the cause of the disasters that you/they were happening. Its hypotheses found a great deal a more fertile ground than him same it hoped. A his/her trusted brought him a figurine of representing wood really the demon that had disseminated the terror, and giustappunto had the identical face to that of Prometeo.
"Yes, I knew him/it that was inside the source of our troubles there!Matteus " exclaimed, to the height of the excitement.
It assembled in man that a popular reunion is not said really in the amphitheater, where a little before you/he/she had appeared as imputed.
"Friends you decay, faithful friends that you have remained here to defense of our village. I have the test that the cause before all of our calamities originates from Prometeo and from its followers. Look!"
It passed the figurine in the hands of one companion of his that started to turn among the crowd showing the irrefutable test of guilt. Matteus, strong of the murmur of dismay that saliva from the crowd, continued as soon as:
"That figurine has been found again under to the bed of the daughter of Prometeo, Sabrina, colei that enchanted us with its art, with its so inexplicable fancy, really because was operates of a witch!"
The last word was shouted with so much resentment and violence that the women and his/her children they started to groan of fear.
"Friends, Prometeo has been a good head up to that you/he/she has not been tricked by his/her same daughter. That ragazzina, that escaped from the village to conceal since child in who knows what malefic cavern in the woods, where initiated has been there surely to the black magic from some loggia of witches lost. It came then from us, poor ingenue people of good heart, and he/she bewitched us with his/her art and meanwhile it bewitched us one to one. Where halves is it our people with which side is grown beside? Has escaped, has abandoned his/her earth to shelter him in the woods, reunite to the witches that have trained that daughter puttana of Prometeo! Even if in my cuor I still hope to save the soul of that darlings of ours, I doubt that he can still do something."
People were picked even more up by the panic, you/he/she now imagined his same darlings that were separated by them a little before, between the weepings and the embraces, possessed by the demoniac and ill-omened anger, identical to that of the monster. They saw them all monsters with only the facing one to remember the people ch'erano.
"Friends, don't know if I/you/he/she were too late, but we must eradicate the evil from these woods. We must first of all take back us our darlings, perlomeno those that we can still save. 
It made a brief break to intensify the pathos of the words that would have suffered later pronounced.
"Brothers, someone, many of them, will find perhaps already them converts to the evil. If their blood is compromised, our despite, we must fight them to survive. The first thing to be done is to destroy the family of Prometeo and its believers, Ivo and its group must perish, I am the arm armed with the evil! Then we must think about capturing and to postpone the man and the woman to the hell that, with their arrival, you/they have preannounced the calamity for our village."
The men next to Matteus shouted and they incited the crowd, while this, stunned, it tried to emulate those cries of approval, but in reality you/he/she was nearly stunned by the violent declarations of that impromptu orator and by his/her bloodthirsty projects. The people of that place had always lived in peace, you/he/she had never known from near the violence and now, finding again himself/herself/itself of forehead the possibility to encounter with some other men, straight with the themselves dear, you/he/she stayed incredulous, paralyzed. They didn't absolutely know what consequences implicated seriously the decisions that Matteus wanted him took in that breaker. None of them practically knew the war and the violence. You/they had felt speak through histories and mythological stories of it, but that heroic and artificial vision transformed the ferocity of the blood that flows in something poetic, of mythical, of ideally brave and brave. They now had never the sign that perhaps raw reality was well different from the imagination and from the myth of the heroes. They rediscovered all cowards and weak, nobody had had the time to close him in himself to sincerely reason on the situation. Opposite, the companions hunters of Matteus had been so well trained from their head that you/they very easily succeeded to make to fall the popular judgment for his/her election, springing so the immediate realization of his/her decisions.

XXVIII
"Where you are, Sabrina?"
Saint woke up suddenly, and not finding next to itself the whiteness of that splendid body of girl, you/he/she was irremediably taken by the panic. Was it everything fruit of his/her imagination? It feared to be fallen in a continuous state of hallucination. You felt by now crazy, it was too much time that the things around him they didn't have some sense anymore, neither logical connection. All of a sudden it hacked him in front of him the slender figure of Sabrina, from the tall one of his/her beauty.
He was still laid down, still naked, still he felt crazy, but the sense of anguish had suddenly disappeared with her arrival, as it makes the moon with the sun.
"Hi Saint, as are you? Didn't wake up you anymore!"
In her smile, Saint now noticed all of its seventeen years, its childhood and its obstacle in front of a naked man. That woman that was shown red hot of desire in to make the love with him it seemed to have dissolved as it waxes to the sun leaving the place to a very beautiful ragazzina and flood of life.
"I have found some it yields around here. Somehow also have to feed us, otherwise from this grassy mantle won't lift there really anymore! I get the fruit, can turn on the fire, but you must strive you to chase and to fish and to give me a sure place whether to give birth and to let our children to grow!"
Saint jumped standing puzzled, it looked her/it at esterrefatto, to open mouth.
"Thing.? Have not I understood. in that sense?
You looked at him/it dark in face, it quadrated him/it from head to toe.
"You must assume yourself your responsibilities. Is it now as if I were your wife, have you understood?"
Saint was immovable in the same identical position of before he/she succeeded in pronouncing only difficultly a, "But".
Then of sudden she bursted to laugh.
"Oh God, but looked! It seems really that you have seen a ghost. Bushels calm, I am very jealous of my independence, and I doubt that I/you/he/she exist some man that can seriously trap me in a stable relationship. Then I recommend you to collaborate, because I am not your wife and I don't have the duty to cook for you."
All of this dictates with the jest typical of the ragazzines that turn him to the person of whom I/you/they are infatuated. And later it added immediately:
"How strange are you naked men! Doesn't it bother you that cosos that it dangles you among the legs?it " said pointing out him the member.
Saint extended suffered his/her contracted face, and laughing started to play with his/her member making him/it turn to mo' of helix.
"Because you/he/she should bother me? When is to rest serves as antistress or to spank unpleasant girls!"
And it did for running after her/it.
You escaped away stumbling and falling on the soft grass. Shortly they were found the one in the braccias of the other and her eyes ridivennero those of a mature woman, that desires to be beloved. 
They ate the fruit laid down, still grasped the one to the other. Then they got up mute and they were dressed again. The moment had come to set aside the poetry of their special angle of love. Silently with the eyes they encouraged him to face what the external world it had in Serb for them. They started toward the village and meanwhile they established the to make on as you/they would be behaved. They swore to reciprocally trust the one of the other. From that moment in you/they would have appraised together then as to involve him in front of the future events. Besides, if there had been someone with the intention to make some evil or simply not to trust one of them, also if belongs to the family of Sabrina or you/he/she had been Dafne, you/they would have refused the proximity of it. This drastic decision, dictated only apparently by the sudden overwhelming passion that had invested them, it was in reality for both fruit of a shiny reflection a lot of pragmatica. The whole insane story in which Saint was found lowered exclusively originated from a cause provoked by the wish of Dafne. Even if by now Saint he/she supposed that she had totally lost the control of the situation, surely the fact that she remained entirely the principal person responsible remained. Of other song Sabrina, even if it was found in his/her habitat, you/he/she had already felt the hostility of the fellow townspersons in his/her comparisons and of his/her family. You/he/she would have scrutinized the village waiting for the good moment to put on in contact with his/her relatives. It was sure that his/her father would have understood and shared the trust that she put back in Saint. Of however also he had the gift clairvoyant to weigh the aura of the people and to distinguish the positive energy from that destructive. Then, the atrocious sore stayed in the soul, that sense of guilt provoked by the awareness that the features of that monster were not her extraneous.
They came near the village during the afternoon, but they attended the to advance some evening to draw near and to spy the movements of the inhabitants. When they were enough near, they climbed on an adjacent to pine the first redwood-houses of the village and, protected by the natural shield created by the thick leafy branches of the tree, they started to observe the village of Sabrina. They immediately surprised. The inhabitants seemed gone crazy ants. All were busy to gather spades, hoes, saws, hammers, dark and every type of present heavy utensil in the village. All the objects, in base to their characteristics, you/they were methodically positioned in the central spiazzo of the amphitheater. Sabrina, meanwhile, looked for among the crowd of busy people one relative of his or some narrow friend of his, but well soon him made account that many were absent of those that she knew well. It was cross rather in to notice as the head of the hunters, the hateful Matteus, seemed to have replaced his/her father. It was him, from the tall one of his/her abrupt and hoarse voice, to dettar he/she reads to the flood of people in continuous movement. Possible that his/her father was not present as during an incomprehensible so extraordinary event in the life of the village? An instinctive terror filled her heart of sinister presentiments. Also Saint had a quiver in to see Matteus, its aggressor, together with its best men, suddenly become holder of the order of the village. A sharp pain to the stomach of fear and hate for himself paralysed him/it shinily observing the reality: Dafne had abandoned in that unknown place and he/she was now sorry him not to individualize her/it in that swarm of strangers faces. All of a sudden it began:
"Curse! What have you/they done to Dafne? Bastards, must find again her/it!"
This way saying, gone down as a lightning by the tree. Sabrina, cultured of surprise, it employed some instant before realizing that Saint was not nearbyer her. To risk to make himself/herself/themselves feel from the people of the village, it shouted:
"I Stop Saint, I pray you!"
To stop fell him/it from the tree, ruinously falling on him. He didn't even seem to realize what happened. You withdrew on, shaking himself/herself/itself of back Sabrina.
"You are stops there!"
Its voice thundered as an absolute imperative. You didn't mind his/her words and it grabbed on to his legs, making him/it stumble and again to fall in earth.
"I pray you, listen to me an instant. To go for you there would be a suicide. It is not only Dafne to be absent. I have calculated that around halves the village in this moment is not present. They have perhaps come to look for us or perhaps they are from some other part. I beg you not to leave me alone. If they rouse you, I am certain that I won't see again you anymore!"
"You are certain of it of this? Do they miss so so many people to the appeal?it told " her Saint aiming on her a red hot look.
"Saint, stop her/it! Your anger frightens me. You are turning yourself into an animal to the peer of that pig of Matteus that has unjustly attacked you." 
Sabrina succeeded just in time to pronounce these words for then to burst in hiccups. Her tears extinguished the fire tyrant of the anger that possessed Saint. He immediately changed expression and it drew near to the girl to embrace her/it and to console her/it.
"You are right, forgive me, we must contrive together a plan to understand what is happened here. I will keep my promise: the future events we will face them together. I trust you. I beg you to excuse me."
You, huddled up on his breast, he/she drank the heat of those words and it lost more still the head for that deep man, to which had given all of his/her first love of girl.
After having verified of what people had remained in the village, concluded Sabrina that the people to her more neighbors if n'erano all goings. He/she asked suggestion to Saint respect to his/her doubts on to trust or no of one friend of his of infancy. It was perhaps the nearest person to her among all the people remained to Boscocittà. He/she wanted to approach her/it and to succeed in speaking to her of hidden, would so finally have known what events were happened during their absence. 
"You has always been a good child, kind, calm, perhaps also too much. In fact, from when we have become biggish and I have started to be some most restless, our separation has naturally enough happened" it said thoughtful Saint Sabrina.
"That opinion has of you? If she deplores your eccentric behaviors, we risk that I/you/he/she immediately report us, not as soon as we do us before."
"I don't know him/it really, I have told you him, with her I don't speak there really from a life. They are years that we simply limit there to greet us."
"When he/she greets yourself, it smiles?"
"Thing this enters it? You/he/she could also make me a false smile and meanwhile to think inside of her how much I am insane and senseless."
"Sabrina, assembled, in his/her/their children you/he/she is written the prevalence of the character that you/they will have from adults there. You close the eyes and it returns child. You go to play with her, observe her/it well. Was it able of to simulate false expressions to adulate you and to trick you or his/her ways they were simple and done direct as in the good children that respect him?"
Sabrina strove him. Closed the eyes and attended that in his/her mind the environments and the situations of its infancy were reformed. You saw child with his/her friends again of once around her. You remembered some games that more they loved to do.

It was hidden behind a tree. You/they were playing to hide-and-seek. All of a sudden last Helen, his/her friend, perched in a bush. Sabrina reached her/it and he also inserted her in the bush.
"No, Sabrina, goes to hide you to your place, so make us discover!"
"It waits for Helen, I must ask you an important thing.
"You go street Sabrina, so they discover us.
"Who is there inside?"
It was his/her child that looked for the others hidden.
"Helen, tell only me a thing.
Sabrina kept on speaking, regardless to draw near some child that, not as soon as it warned the name of Helen, it started to shout.
"Helen, has seen you! Have seen you!"
Helen exploded, turned on of anger against Sabrina.
"Here! Have made me discover, are not my friend anymore!"
Sabrina hissed her/it.
"Silent, silent, wait for an instant!"
"But that Helen and Helen, are me!" 
And Sabrina started to race. His/her child that he was directing to the patch, went off immediately and reached for first the tree shouting:
"Patch for Sabrina!"
Sabrina pretended him angry and angry and, when his/her child got further on the other side to look for the other hidden children, he called Helen.
"Helen, come soon to free you!"
Helen went out in hurry and fury of the bush and shouted to the patch "For me!" and it started jesting his/her child that had not found her. Then it turned him toward Sabrina and it made her the occhiolino. Sabrina drew near her, he/she embraced him and the churches to the ear.
"You love me?"
Helen looked at her/it surprised and then it told her.
"I care for you as a sister!"
It gave her a kiss on the cheek and it escaped away laughing for the shame.

"Yes, I can trust her" adult Sabrina declared, reopening his/her clear eyes as the sky in summer and dazzling so the look knitted of Saint that stared at her/it, impatient of the response.
Not the churches explanations, accepted of good degree the decision of Sabrina. By now it was certain that in that girl the eye clairvoyant was perfectly awake. They now had only to find the way to draw near to Helen without being perceived by the others. They held her of eye up to late night, when by now the majority of the people you/he/she had concealed in the house to taste the dessert nighttime rest. They were alone remained of the sentinels here and there, strange thing rather to the eyes of Sabrina. It seemed that the village he was preparing to a war. Sabrina, didn't ask however him too questions respect to that strange behaviors. To her interested to know that end had made the other inhabitants of the village, those to which her more held, and nient'altro!
Helen was on the wood bridge that connected his/her house to that of the neighbors. You/he/she had sat on the aces that composed the floor, the dangling legs in the void, the chin supported on one of the ropes that supported the structure. It was immovable, as spellbound there, absorbed in who knows what reflections. Sabrina observed him and smiled; the attitude that had at that time resembled so much to what often had from child, when him imbambolava to fix the things. That was the propitious moment to draw near to her. You/he/she had succeeded in convincing Saint not to follow her/it. If the friend had also seen him that for her only a stranger represented, you/he/she would never be entrusted. With an amazing agility Sabrina took the staircases that brought on the bridge and in a flash the friend it reached to the shoulders, silent as a cat. 
"Since child you have always been extremely reflexive. You were always absorbed in your thoughts."
Despite Sabrina it put the whole possible sweetness in his/her words, that sudden voice to the shoulders made to start Helen, that turned him of release.
"Who six? Sabrina? Oh God, does thing do us here?"
The surprise that painted him on the face of Helen seemed for an instant dictated by the joy, but later he withdrew immediately. Sabrina read the suspicion in the eyes of the friend and remained terrorizes of it. 
"Excuse, didn't want to frighten you. And that I don't understand what it is happening here, and the only person that I have seen and of which trust me six you."
Sabrina hated the tone with which it uttered those words, that stammering and that stupid uncertainty in his/her voice you/they could make to think extremely about one insincerity of his. It immediately tried to correct the draught.
"I know that we have not spoken there for years, but I and you know each other from when we are children and you know that I could not harm you. Then I pray you, stop to look her/it at me in that way and explain me thing you/he/she is happening." 
The lips of Helen shook on the thread of the indecision among the choice to shout help and that to talk to Sabrina. This last had the eyes aimed at her, but in reality what saw it was the nothing. It had the retinas misted by the claustrophobic feeling to feel a clandestine in the place where you/he/she had been born and grown. The voice of Helen wound him violently, shaking her/it from the blinding forgetfulness that had abducted her. But, in controtendenza to the feeling that had seized the nerves of Sabrina, the voice of the friend was weak and kind.
"Sabrina, I have always loved you, but I don't succeed in trusting you anymore. Here ugly things are said on your account. You/they have found under the statue of the demon that has attached us and it has the same face of your father to your bed. I pray you, tell me that it is not your work or that you have carved her after having seen him/it the first time. Tell me him!"
The spirit of Helen had remained that of when it was a docile and genuine child. He/she didn't succeed in accepting the fact that could exist the evil among the people with which was grown, rather, with the arrival of the monster it was the first time that discovered that in the world, from some part, the evil existed really and you/he/she could come into contact with its life. Hearing those words, Sabrina again staggered. Truth struck her/it in full face, destroying her of hit the whole genuine childhood that still resided in its look. He/she sketched a bitter smile and him it went to sit beside his/her friend affectionately embracing her/it. Helen didn't withdraw him from the embrace, it tightened more rather in turn still the body of Sabrina. Few narrow instants in that embrace the atavistic friendship that tied the two girls heated. Sabrina bursted to cry.
"I don't know him/it what it is happening, that figurine I have carved her last year. I had become angry as with my father. For the first time you/he/she had appeared a great deal severe with me and me that I had accustomed to have her all defeated ones with him, aiming at the fact that loved me immensely, I remained so badly there that my anger I reproduced for him in that stupid figurine. For me, in that instant, my father was the devil. I don't remember more even the motive for our quarrel, you/he/she had surely been because of a trifle that then I have immediately forgotten, also forgetting me of that accursed figurine. Under to my bed it is full of figurines, more or less results. Who has never more him noticed that representation of demon! Had seen her, would have destroyed her, I swear! I don't know as everything this is possible." 
Sabrina confessed all this embraced to the friend in the most total desperation. Its tears had drenched the suit of Helen that, despite it was frightened from that revelation, nevertheless it tried in all the ways to console its friend of infancy. Then of hit Helen removed him from the friend.
"Sabrina, cannot stay here. If you are the cause of all these calamities, I don't forgive you. Even if you are not conscious of it, the evil is developed inside of you. Here to the village everybody already thinks that the cause of everything exclusively originates from you and you you have just given confirmation of it. You are a witch and you must pay for what you have done."
Sabrina tried to reapproach him to the friend.
"Helen, swears you that I have not done anything, there is the zampino of somebody else."
Helen if it immediately removed her/it of back.
"Not to touch me! For the stupendous memory that I have some friend that I had from child, I grant you to escape. I give you five minutes, then I will tell the people of the village to have I escort here you in the parts while you were spying there."
"But because? Is becoming all crazy ones! Rather than to witness united the danger.
Helen interrupted her/it.
"Have changed conceives, don't even deserve yourself five minutes!"
Thanks to his/her position of advantage, raising being already himself/herself/itself, it gave a kick in full facing the friend sat that he/she hardly succeeded in holding him to the rope not to fall down.
"Aiut.
The attempt to shout of Helen had immediately started keeping silent from Saint that, hidden in the obscurity, the girl seized covering her mouth. You turned to Sabrina.
"Sabrina, bushels well? Do you make her/it to lift you?"
The expression of dismay on the face of Sabrina immediately turned him into a corruccio.
"That stupid!"
It got up and it planted in the stomach of the ex friend, stopped by Saint a violent fist. Helen started to mugugnare suffocated by the hand of Saint and warm tears they ruled her the face.
The two went to hide in the forest bringing himself/herself/itself behind the unexpected prisoner.

XXIX
It was the dawn. The sun shamelessly rose, chasing away again in the Hades its ancient lover moon. The unlucky persons' bodies camped in the forest revived him, caressed by the vitality of the benefits rays but the clarity that it shone through around the surrounding landscape it reflected in their minds the shiny vision of the precariousness in which their lives concerned.
The to be made?
Shortly time they spontaneously assembled him all around Ivo, waiting himself/herself/itself from him those comforting words and clairvoyants that Prometeo would have pronounced to his/her place. Ivo, however, had in head her them same confusion, that dissipated every hope drowning her/it in the dark lake of the discouragement. What guilt did it have of it him? You/he/she had simply performed the last dispositions of Prometeo and now he realized, perhaps for the first time, not to have any ability of initiative not to have at all the cloth of the head. It was a good group leader, you/he/she had always known how to impart to his/her men the dispositions rained him by the tall one, from the steadiness of his/her head and his/her trusted friend, Prometeo.
But now its mouth witnessed dry its confident companions that attended the next movement that would have opened a small opening in their future. Never as at that time you/he/she had hated so much his/her enormous tonnage that didn't give him some possibility to hide, to mix to becoming unknown. It was then that Dafne imposed him on him with his/her words, for the second time. It drew near him while he estranged from the camp to sit apart, to the feet of a stately pine. To the beginning she didn't say anything, leaving that its perfume of woman conquered around the air. Then, with a lot of naturalness and intimacy, it whispered him:
"My darling, is bogged in the incapability to decide the to make. Not do fear, are a great deal a common thing the men and it are for this that Mother Nature has created us women. We are that cricket speaking secret that moves all of your strength and your tenacity." 
Ivo tried to look her/it on the wrong side, but in that situation it was too demolished for. Dafne continued.
"Not to close you in the pride, is alone here, me and you. I will give you my opinion, then you will decide what to do. You immediately have to create some expectations through a plan that must perfectly seem organized and clear in your head, this is the secret of the leader. Also in the moments of dark, it sacrifices him for the others. It shows determination and conviction in the justness of every disposition of his, so the others trust him and reassure him leaving to him the whole burden of the worry for the future. He/she sends a team to spy the village, while here you will be organizing a real camp. It already formulates possible future movements, then you will appraise in base to the events that will happen what both that fitter. Must become a strategist if want to command, the passion and the strength of the warrior won't be enough for you of certain!"
Ivo was amazed. Possible that Prometeo all this had already realized? Only thanks to his/her dispositions, he was in the thick forest, with half village to his/her succession and above all with Dafne nearby. If up to that moment you/he/she was blindly trusted his/her head, it owed for strength to go after all to that work. Instinctively takings in his big and rough hand of giant that pale and tapered of Dafne, if it brought her/it to the face and it grazed her/it as soon as on the palm with the lips. It got up of release and his/her footstep it was very determined by to almost make to tremble the earth.
"Companions!it " shouted to full bellows, reaches the center of the impromptu camp "you come here all, I pray you, I want to explain you the plan that I have in mind, it is to you to decide whether to follow me or no."
It enunciated the whole plan that few first Dafne had suggested him, launching during his/her harangue repeated looks of agreement toward the beautiful countess that, apart it slightly observed him/it satisfied.

XXX
The sun had already risen. Saint and Sabrina proceeded their escape without almost speaking, without never turning back. Before leaving Helen, tied up and gagged, behind a redwood of the village, you/they had succeeded in tearing her of mouth important information. They now knew that it was Matteus to dettar he/she reads to the village and that the people to her dearer you/they had left their houses to find shelter in the forest and so to escape to the ferocious attacks of the demon. You/they had also learned the spine-chilling news that the head of the hunters intended to reach the citizens escaped for forcing them with the good ones or with the bad ones to return to the village. Sabrina proceeded grasped to Saint to that love to which totally wanted to abandon him to cancel the raging pain that twisted her the bowel. Helen had revealed him the tragic death of his/her/their father and it now had fixed in his/her head the last image of his/her usual hero, while it was shouting her to estrange from the village to save her life. It was that the last time that he/she saw the beloved fatherly face. His/her father was dead to save his/her family his/her people. You/he/she had shown up to that point he was loyal to the commandments that you/he/she had gotten married, accepting to become the example for that virtuous community. You could not betray him/it, it owed for strength to follow his/her tracks. He/she knew what time his/her hero observed her/it from the tall one, confident of the justness of the to be of his/her favorite daughter. No, you/he/she would not have disappointed him, you/he/she would be shown strong and brave, you/he/she would have brought forth the work of his/her/their father as it was his. 
Probably now, with that light, the first ones to awaken in the village would immediately have found tied Helen. Perhaps already in the night that discovery had happened and even an I manipulate of men it was already on their traces. The only hope for them stayed to reach the other halves the village in escape. To both to know that the family ones of Sabrina, together with Dafne, they were in safe from the claws of the perfidious Matteus, it infused courage. You/they had to find them, you/they had to tell them of the serious danger that you/they risked. That people in escape had left of the friends and of his/her/their relatives in their place native and now, to the sudden one, for guilt of some violent, you/he/she would have risked to find again us some real enemies. The forest became an impregnable place more and more. Of certain all those people had not passed of otherwise you/they would have left there evident traces of their passage. The desperation at the end defeated Sabrina that fell in knee and it bursted to cry. 
Saint grabbed him for an arm and exhorted her/it.
"Sabrina, cannot afford the luxury of the desperation. We have an assignment: to tell that people of the danger that you/they race and then we are not even sure than ours can be near hypothetical pursuers."
Sabrina was a dead weight, it refused with everybody herself to get up. It bursted to sob more thunderously still.
"Saint there is lost, you also see him/it you that there is no human trace from any part. We are groping in the dark. How can we pretend to find them to the blind one in an immense uncontaminated forest? We risk not to go out alive of it. I know whether to move here me inside, but they are to a thread to lose me. Rather, to be sincere, doesn't know even if I would succeed in bringing back you." 
It made a break and of sudden it poured again what more it gnawed her the soul.
"I will seem you a crazy person egoist, but I don't know if I want really to rejoin me to that people. My relatives. Dafne, your companion! Everything this would cancel in a flash there that been born between us. Saint, I don't want to abdicate you, forgive me! Now, with the death of my father, are the person to which more I hold to the world!"
A sudden hiss and then a deaf hit was struck dumb them instantly.
"Thing devil. seemed the noise of an arrow. are gi! intim Saint to the girl.
They crushed to the ground without saying a word. Saint tried to snatch any noise in the thick of the forest. Then the unmistakable sound of human footsteps that you/they widened arrived, as to surround them. Saint realized the danger, but they was under draught and you/they could not get up and to escape. They crawled as serpents in the attempt to estrange from that place. Then, suddenly, a man he launched on Saint but him, already ready to the eventuality, it turned him of release and with a big stone it struck him/it, not before however that the aggressor, armed with knife, it slightly hurt him/it on the back. The burning of the wound alarmed all of its nerves. Saint threw as a devil on the man, it struck him/it with a violent heading in full face and it tore away him the knife. Sabrina crawled next to Saint, while another arrow hissed on their heads. She recognized in the extended man a hunter of the company of Matteus. Few instants and another man it emerged from a bush, armed with a long baton with which it struck Saint to a shoulder before you/he/she could get up. The second hit, however, failed. Saint got up and was thrown against the man, an arrow made him hum the ear and before the aggressor unloaded another beaten up violent, you/he/she was on him. Saint had in body a diabolic anger, it was a tigress in danger and all of its grim it now roared to fior of skin. The man extracted the knife, while with the other hand you/he/she prevented Saint to stab him/it. The baton was in earth and Sabrina it instantly reached him/it. But really at that time something heavy crushed her/it in earth paralysing her/it. Its eyes succeeded as soon as to notice three or four men around the duellists that grabbed its love. Then also she had lifted of weight and dashed to the air. The impact to the ground was less violent than it was waited. The grass! The soft grass seemed some same magic consistence of that of its pond, it was surely rather the same one. You/he/she had come to assist her/it to assuage her punishments. You imagined that the pond became animated and a giant of water brought away that Barbaric from his/her sight. You, meanwhile, would have held the closed eyes up to that you/he/she had not come her the voice of his/her love. 
"Hey, that say boys, do we amuse some or no? Matteus is not able of certain to calculate how much time can want us to peck at these two. Let's do take us a break of healthy fun, the correct reward for ours operated, is there?"
It was Efrem to speak, a hunter of almost forty years, a type among the most bashful of the village. You/he/she had passed around always big part of his/her time for the woods. If it didn't chase, it tortured small animals or it beautifully idled about drunk. It was of the same pasta of his/her companions and his/her head Matteus. To none of their you/he/she had gone down never that pacific environment that for them it stinked only of hypocrisy. The weariness of the beautiful words, of the mutual help that their fellow citizens professed, he/she left them indifferent. Their collaboration to the life of the village limited him to the alone activity of the hunting. They did him/it in exchange for all those other things of which you/they had need for their maintenance. For the rest, they avoided any share to the social one, and only if they were you forced they mixed him to the others for some activities. Often their head Matteus admonished them: "Do cunning, if don't maintain a minimum of relationships with the others, you/he/she won't be given there all of a sudden more nothing and there are certain things that alone we don't know how to give us. Who will give us the suits? Who will give us a house? Who will give us the wine that we love so much? And here can find above all a wife, as have done me, that satisfy in bed you!". 
Despite their wild attitudes the other people of the village excused them attributing the cause of their bashful and impermeable attitude to the fact that you/they were a great deal rough and deprived men of a great dialectical ability. They forgave their unsociable actions simply imputing them to the embarrassment and the little civilization that it characterized them. Also Prometeo, despite it was careful to all of their attitudes, so that they never turned him into violent people, enough calm respect felt him to their respect for the laws of Boscocittà. You/he/she had had more times it tries that, in front of one application of his, Matteus and the other ones you/they had been from immediately available. Of however the head of the village could not pretend that all were illuminated by the Christian pietas, you/he/she had to accept the differences of each of its citizens and to strengthen its qualities. If that men were of wild nature, you/they would have been hunters and they would have so handled them way to the comfort of the village. 
With immense terror Sabrina and Saint listened to the sordid intentions of that foolish. The hunters decided to the unanimity to amuse him some. Efrem said:
"Since this woman is a witch, we must find her on the body the mark of the witches. I beg me, must hock us to fund, I need all you!"
The other ones accompanied his/her sarcastic words with laughters and grunts.
"Let's strip her/it!they " howled in choir.
The five hunters surrounded the girl. Saint, tied up and gagged, it also twisted him as a madman in all the ways to succeed in freeing, but his desperate to act was vain. Sabrina had the tied up hands behind the back. It tried to escape, but it was forced in knee from the flock. One grabbed him for the hair and it threw back her head, while with the other hand inserted in her blouse, it morbidly grinded her breasts. Others two held her firm the legs and Efrem with cruel slowness it untied her the pants, then it unthread them to you howling. Sabrina was smothered from his/her same cries, the anger for his/her impotence you/he/she was making her burst the heart, gone crazy in the furious ride of his/her pulsations. Few instants and his/her naked body totally you/he/she was profaned by the lubricity of ten hands of ogres that you/they didn't save her some angle of intimacy. Efrem recalled his to the order with a lot of work.
"Animals, porca sow! If we want really to enjoy us this tid bit, let's put us in line and fottiamocela one to the time. I want to sweep me her without having your manacces next to my bird!"
The others, to the height of the excitement, they obeyed instantly, already tasting their greedy moment. Saint, immobilized in earth, it was unable to make whatever movement and the hate for that people, the horror that tried in to see Sabrina in that situation, they filled his eyes of tears. He/she cried as a child for his/her unarmed being, for his/her limit in front of so much monstrosity. 
"You/he/she cannot really happen" it shouted him inside a distorted voice, guttural, imprisoned by a scanty gag. It had the wrists lacerated in the desperate attempt to release from the rough rope that immobilized him/it. Nothing. Every thing was vain. There are things that, for how much the humanity can be made indignant, they happen. The most atrocious thing is when this happens in front of his/her own eyes in a condition of absolute impotence.
Efrem, with the complicity of his/her partners that you/they held firm Sabrina, systematized him among his/her legs and pushed his/her member, to the height of the excitement, until after all the meats of the girl. You stopped shouting and his/her sad complaint, almost pits a desperate litany, accompanied all through the embrace of the dolt among its legs. Then it touched to an anything else other than it still prolonged the agony of Sabrina more than the first one. Five were the men, if men can be considered, that would have had to profane the deity of that pure young girl. Had just known the love and later immediately met him with the action most contrary to the loving relationship, the violence! While the third monster, with the drivel to the mouth, it systematized him among the legs of Sabrina, an arrow it pierced him the cheek face cheek. The other ones were incredulous to fix the body of the friend that got flabby on a side collapsing in earth with a deaf bark. Among the bushes a man sprouted with the covered face and a long sword grasped with both the hands, that he fell violently on the first one of the hunters that you/he/she was found before. These it tried to shun the violent hit, but the sword shore him of clean an arm. The others three immediately left the girl, racing desperate toward their axes, but one immediately was reached by another arrow that he hammered him in the throat. Efrem and the other survivor grasped their axes and they were thrown headfirst against the disguised man. These, with extreme facility, it shunned the two coarse attacks and it struck to dead Efrem. The other one was landed beside with an expert kick and you/he/she was summoned him to surrender with the point of the sword that threatened him the throat. Meanwhile it was also blunt from the bushes the archer that had so cleverly cooled two some flock. Saint had followed the whole earth scene, happy to what happened, but it now feared to know who were really that two and thing they intended to do. Its emotion was highest when the two rescuers handed the suits to Sabrina and very politely they made sure him of its condition, then the archer reached him/it and sipped him/it. Saint runs toward Sabrina that seemed a zombie. You/he/she was dressed again in hurry and fury, it was pale and the eyes were fixed on the void provoked by the immense suffered pain. Saint tried to embrace her/it, but she removed him without opening mouth. The occultist was ashamed bitterly for his/her impotence, not to have succeeded in subtracting Sabrina to the most ill-omened humiliation that a woman can suffer. It hated immensely every muscle of his, every fiber of his that had not served to anything, that had not prevented the to end of that ferocious misdeed. Meanwhile, the two foreigners guarded the hunter remained in earth, immovable. The same terror that had caused from executioner was now glued to its skin, making her/it cold, sensitive to the light wind that he was lifting, premonition of anger and revenge. The other hunter that had lost the arm, was semiconscious, you/he/she confusedly raved and you/he/she cursed against God, with hysterical voice, to put the shivers. Also the other his/her wounded companion, with still the arrow that pierced his mouth, you/he/she had taken back conscience and you/he/she had tried to rise again, but the disguised man had forced him/it again in earth. For the first time the two rescuers opened mouth. It was the archer to speak for first.
"Of these that we do of it? I don't know who is, but for how much I have had the opportunity to know them in the immediate one, it is people that don't have the right to live. Who commits certain actions you/he/she must incur in the most hostile inclemency of the men, six of accord?"
"Perfectly! Will be up to then to my sword the burden and the joy of this action!"
The sudden voice and snarled of Sabrina it frightened them both.
"Stop! This people I know her/it very well. They were my brothers in our beloved village, where it seemed we owed us all to protect and to love."
Sabrina had the eyes illuminated by a left shine. Also his/her voice, spigolosa and hoarse, it screeched enormously with his/her features and with that that Saint knew. While he/she was speaking, it drew near to an ax in earth and it threw her/it above with so much facility that all the men you present they surprised him some unexpected strength of the girl. You turned then to the three men in earth, calling them one to one with their name.
"You have had a good time at least? Not enough? Regret me! For the good of my fellow citizens this and other!"
It drew near to the only non wounded hunter, it smiled at him and it made him sign to touch her/it. The man covered him the eyes and started to mugugnare, asking excuses her and begging her/it.
"Bastards!" proruppe her "you are my people. I now understand my instinct that falsely brought always me away from that chosen place that held up him on the hypocrisy. The strength of mind and the goodness of little that directed those huts were sincere. My father on everybody! But the rest of you obeyed to that pacific style of life because you/he/she was not given him the possibility to make to emerge their reality aspect. Are you free in the forest and thing here, are you really? No, you are not animal you are demons as the monster that you/he/she has burnt our houses and accused me, my father, my family, of wickedness. I won't have pity of you. It is the first time that I kill, and God forgives me, but I know that I will enjoy of it immensely."
The unharmed hunter tried to escape but Saint, that was to his shoulders, the sferròs a violent kick on the nape, then takings to strike him/it with how much more strength had.
"No, Saint" Sabrina interrupted him/it "they are mine, only I can have the right to avenge me. I must take back me at least some the fear and of the pain that you/they have chased out me to strength."
Smiled and shouting as a mad person takings to strike the two wounded in earth. An endless minute when the girl didn't unbecomingly stop even for an instant the violent hits that sferrava passed. Then it reached the other firm kept ch'era from the three men. These, to the height of the fear, it tried in vain to ask mercy, but in that place forgotten by God a little before, the presence of the divine justice that returns the inflicted evil to the oppressors had now returned. Three hits of ax all it took is for leaving him/it without more breath to bathe with the blood the dark ground of the wood. Sabrina abandoned the weapon and him it went to huddle in an angle in total silence. The three men were disoriented from that unexpected explosion of strength and violence from the girl. They witnessed one the other. The disguised man wore horseman boots, pants in skin and a narrow shirt, all rigorously black. The archer, wore instead a man jacket, of the cowboy boots and a red Basque very exploited. Only Saint noticed now the contradiction of their dresses in that environment. You/he/she had gotten used by now to see in that places belonging garments to the past centuries, while the two strangers clearly wore suits novecenteschi. Saint thanked them for heart for their providential intervention and churches from where they came. The two strangers eluded the question of Saint and after having given a rapids glance to Sabrina, they greeted in hurry and they dispersed him in the forest.
Saint was again to you for you with the splendid Sabrina, with that young that had decided to submit him to its hands. You/he/she had granted him his/her ardors of young girl, his/her refined persons breasts madreperla, the secret innocence of his/her chaste garden of silk, everything in exchange for his/her love of man, of his/her virility, that would have had to preserve her/it from the injustices of the external world. You was trusted him but, to distance of only a few times, all the expectations and the beautiful hopes of that young girl were broken on the sharp bluff of the real existence. It had bitterly known the impotence of his/her love in front of the accidents of the life. Saint kept on hating himself without possibility to appease the violence with which was accused. It stayed next to Sabrina, but without touching her/it, you/he/she would never have dared so much, it didn't have the right anymore of it. You/he/she had so seriously missed towards her, that feared that that would have been the irremediable wound that would have divided their roads. It was not so much this ch'egli you/he/she would have lost of her to destroy him but that ghosts ch'ella you/he/she would be had to bring within for the rest of the life, without possibility ch'egli could do I load to its place. He cursed all himself. Years of work to make to grow his/her conscience, to make her/it climb with extreme effort, one step at a time, to complete the man ch'egli inhaled to be and then, to the sudden one, incappare in an incomprehensible adventure, without any knowledge of cause and to suffer all the most atrocious insults, sentences and embezzlements that never, in the whole arc of his/her life, you/he/she had suffered. It seemed to be fallen in a trip dantesco, in which the goal was not the expiation of the guilts and the illumination but the annulment of the human conscience. For the nth time, when it started to believe to have found a sense or at least a center in that dimension, you/he/she was seized by the implacable hands of the case and shattered with immense violence to the ground. 
It was a rag, a coward felt him about trying that discouragement, when you/he/she was Sabrina the true victim of that situation and solo she could afford the luxury of that pain. It passed a weary indecifrato of time before Sabrina, against every forecast, he/she embraced Saint with a disarming sweetness.
"Saint, you don't have any guilt, are a stupendous man and above all don't belong to the scanty environment of my village, you. you come from the stars!
Saint collapsed in that embrace and her divine perfume it inebriated every cell of his and its eyes they were filled with tears. It admitted all of his/her weakness with that silent weeping. Absurd, but in that instant it was Sabrina to console Saint. Then, with soft voice, he tried to reassure her/it.
"No Sabrina, has discovered only that in your village there are some dolts, but the majority of its inhabitants is honest and harmless people. Forgive me if I have not kept my promise, if I/you/they have not succeeded in defending you, I would give my life now if you/he/she could be returned back and to cancel.
Sabrina appropriated his mouth.
"Not to speak anymore of what has happened. I have been killed, now my ghost I am alone. The only thing that I want now is revenge against the mystifiers of my village, against all the rotten apples that hid to the shade their ignoble consciences and now, with the disorder, they make to emerge the whole dirt of their inclinations. The only thing that I want to now do, in my life, it is to eradicate the evil from my people. I want to do him/it for my father, for me and for all those that you/they will send before the village when everything this will end. It is in my destiny, as you/he/she has been him/it the to have met you, as you/he/she was written that that two foreigners reached to stop the violence of that brutes to halves their work. You have also understood him, that foreigners originate from the same your remote place. It was correct that it happened me this, so I have put aside, every egoism of mine is finished, because if only I think about myself the only temptation that attacks me it is the suicide. I am now only a weapon for my goal. It is so that they are born the heroes, Saint, and me I am sure that this vocation has always been a germ me, I was predestinate for a long time."
Saint remained more and more upset by the impressive and sudden change of personality of Sabrina. In a beating of eye it realized to have lost forever that genuine and perspicacious young girl. Nobody would have him more magazine as it was before and this he could not accept him/it. Would you/he/she perhaps have been able to stop everything, if only you/he/she had been more careful? You/he/she had never wanted to believe in the destiny and the liberty of action he/she offered him boundless possibilities of aware choice and, therefore, responsible.
"Sabrina, reasons, this is the them same identical inverted game. They are trying to make a war, blaming you and yours of wickedness and you are now doing him/it same. You cannot think that a person is only previously a criminal because you/he/she is not from your same barricade. The dolts that we have met in the forest were single individuals, as it are him/it each of us and as I am him/it the inhabitants of your village. The guilts of certain actions are individual, you/they cannot revert on the collectivity."
Sabrina detached him of back Saint that you/he/she had remained embraced to her the whole time and looked at him/it disdained.
"That you can know of it you? With that people I have passed the whole my existence and graces to the veggenza that has been handed down me by the geniuses of my father, I have always known who was good and who no. My father held under everybody to the identical roof of the mercy, of the goodness and of the collaboration, but the moment has arrived to divide the wolves from the sheep. My dear Saint, you I am happy has been my first and last love, but now it is clear me the assignment that will absorb everything of my future. You are free to be nearby me or of andar street. Don't feel yourself in obligation, this is a mission that concerns me, I have an account in suspended by to settle with my people. You don't belong to this environment, therefore you are free to continue your road with. a shade of bother clouded for an instant her eyes ". with the companion that has followed here you up to.
Saint was amazed in front of the fanatical stubbornness of Sabrina. You perfectly realized that didn't have some power of persuasion anymore on the determination of that young girl. Other didn't stay him to do whether to be beside her, mute, with his/her soul by now in complete loneliness.

XXXI
Matteus the scene of its village enjoyed him that he prepared to the clash. After the dramatic story of Helen ch'era is found tied up and heathenly gagged next to a tree, many of them were convinced some justness of the vision of the head hunter. The crusade to save or to punish the fugitives starts. Matteus already foretasted the pleasure of when Efrem and the other ones would have brought Saint and Sabrina in front of his/her judgment. You/he/she would severely have punished them with the death sentence and this would have enacted the irremediable anger of Ivo, so you/he/she would have avoided the risk to have to go down to compromises with the trusted friend of Prometeo, seeing so to stagger his/her position of head. More Ivo you/he/she would be made to take from the anger, more you/he/she would have estranged from the people that he/she still lived in the village and more Matteuses you/he/she would have succeeded in strengthening his/her position of head, creating so a new was in the history of his/her people. Its dreams of glory were interrupted by an immense din to its shoulders. You turned of release and you/he/she suffered a deadly fear when it flowed a redwood in flames. The monster!
People raced helter-skelter, while hot flashes of fire spit by the infernal mouth of the being houses and people wound. Matteus raced toward his/her people inciting her/it.
"Not escape, let's be ready to fight! You take the arcs and you throw down that cosos."
Swiftly his/her narrowest collaborators were provided of arcs and they started to storm of arrows the part of sky where unmolested scorrazzava the demon. Some arrows went to target really on the great black wings. The being staggered in air and went to fall among the leafy branches of the conifers, as soon as out of the village. 
"Soon!Matteus " ordered to the other men "armed you of dark color, lances, swords, must encircle and to brake that bastard!"
The men stirred all in the direction where the monster was fallen, encouraged by their huge number and by the fact to have just hurt him/it. But comes that they were in the thick of the forest, they were forced to divide in small groups to continue. Their boldness went well soon diminishing when the first group he came upon in the body torn to pieces of one of the fellow townspersons. You/they had not even realized that it was absent. Few instants later, from another group a little back, a cry and another seized body he/she was heard and dismembered to the speed of the light it dirtied of blood and shreds of meat the other petrified companions of the wretch. The monster was skilled to hide its immense massive structure in the thick of the leafy branches. The shade, his/her allied believer, held him/it to the sure one from the myopia of the eyes of that human. The victims among men's groups risked him in the forest quickly went increasing. All of a sudden a cry on all had the best the desperate order of an immediate retreat. In a grotesque disorder Matteus saw his/her men return to the village in a blind run toward the salvation. They were as children terrorized that one tumbled and they knocked down on the other without any dignity. The face of Matteus was dyed of merciless anger towards that ridiculous group of cowards, but its expression suddenly changed when from the wood a body of man was literally catapulted, horribly cripple, that fell straight to its feet. The blood him he froze of a hit. You turned back, and with the feet that seemed of lead he also beat ashamedly in retreat.
 
Ivo was intent to organize the camp. It didn't have idea yet than their permanence would be extended in that place, therefore you/he/she had to do in way to systematize everything to the best. The presence of Dafne next to him magically seemed to wake up again him an attitude to the command for himself unexpected before that moment. Of now in now, however, it grew in him the anxiety to know what you/he/she was happening in the village. The consignment of six men would be already due to return. Just while he/she was thinking him/it, the six outlines finally appeared breaking attends him that it held suspended the breath of the evacuees of the village. As soon as a week but the nostalgia you/he/she was passed for the place native you/he/she had already taken the upper hand on their emotions. All desired to return his/her own homes, all were in apprehension for the fates of the other companions remained to the village. The shade of the monster impended on their serenity. 
The six men returned from that excursion very tried. They told the horror to reach the village and to find in the full one of a nth raid of the monster. They explained as their companions remained to the village you/they were armed in vain for opposing the attack. They had succeeded only in escaping and to return back, as of the cowards, it is true, but never as at that time they gave credit to the decision of Ivo to abandon the village. It was the only way to stay in life. The objective of the demon was clearly that to destroy that place. 
In an angle, Dafne, to lowered head, it was to listen to every single word, careful also to the weakest inflexion of that animate story. It hoped that it came her, all of a sudden, any news on Saint, on the eccentric companion of his/her reality world, but nobody made some reference to him. To the height of the thawing it interrupted the gushing out river of words from that terrorized witnesses and he/she openly asked.
"You have seen Saint? Have you had at least his/her news?"
The anxious listeners, all absorbed ones in the desperation for the fate of their world, horrified in to hear such an offensive question. Was thing ever able their interessar of the end of that stranger? Instinctively all associated Saint to the principal cause of their calamities, even if, to rigor of logic, any relationship had not been tried between the monster and the occultist. The sudden one to resurface some resentment towards Saint, fomented by the strong emotions that at that time the group lived, it immediately poured again him against its companion. The malignant looks of the crowd pierced the dignity of Dafne reproaching her/it with a serious silence of sentence. Then the unexpected voice of Penelope, the twin sister of Sabrina, burned the thick air.
"You! It is from a piece that I am asking me what I/you/he/she do here us. Nobody is forgotten that your arrival together with your companion has sealed the beginning of our calamities. Perhaps it is really to you that we should turn us to demand some explanations."
In all the presents it rang in unison the same bell. They thought of her all this way. More and more voices immediately united him to that of Penelope, forming a threatening choir of applications. Dafne chilled in to again feel mass to the derision. It was the puissance of Ivo to hiss everybody. Its voice was roaring as a thunder.
"Silence! I have told you that if you would have followed me you would have been saved. I have brought you away from your village assuring you that here you/he/she would have been the only sure place and you have had the test that I was right. I have forced me Dafne to be nearby us, to stay united to us, because it will be an important wedge for our future salvation. Friends, all this I have not decided him my initiative; the clairvoyants have been words of Prometeo, before his/her death, to suggest me the way to involve me. If you/he/she had not been for those words, some of us would have burnt together already to other wretches remained to the village. In this instant, I don't know the goal of our walk together with Dafne, but I blindly trust the wish of Prometeo and I will defend her/it with all myself. From now in then, who will dare to put still in discussion this point it is better that I/you/he/she spontaneously go from this camp. Here responsibility is mine and the behavior to go out of this horrendous disorder you/he/she must be univocal. On this I don't accept any hypothesis of dialogue, for the whole rest we will decide together the to make."
The dense revelations of Ivo shook all the presents. Nobody dared to counter. In the meantime Dafne, withdrawn by a pressing discouragement, you/he/she was sheltered behind to some thick bushes hiding himself/herself/itself from that accusatory eyes. Finished his/her definite admonitory reprimand, Ivo did for reaching Dafne, but you/he/she was stopped by the most elderly some consignment.
"It waits for Ivo, there is qualcos'altro that you must know, but I prefer to tell you him quattrocchi. In the wood, returning, we have found again the bodies of some companions of ours that you/they had remained to the village."
"The monster is pursuing us?Ivo " asked.
"No, these people have been killed by arc and sword. Men have been other to complete the misdeed. I have already told those that were with me to maintain the absolute reserve, but you must come to see of person. I am not very distant from here."
The face of Ivo again darkened him. It was as soon as from a few days that it held the reins of the command and already the wrinkles of the too many thoughts and some worries thickened its expressions. It fixed the face of the good old man. Sam had been friend of his/her father, you/he/she had seen him grow, you/he/she had given him dolcetti and if the era taken in shoulder hundreds of times and now that man trusted him and accepted ch'egli you/he/she directed the camp. This loyalty and purity of Sam moved since the mind of Ivo in the depth, you/he/she would have wanted to embrace him/it and to kiss him/it, but it limited him to lean a hand on his shoulder and to follow him/it in the wood. 
It immediately recognized, in the extended bodies, some of the hunters of the village and while it was looking around him to find a some sign to go up again to the persons responsible of that mattanza, it found again in earth the unmistakable pendant that Sabrina had always brought with itself to the neck. It put him/it in pocket without making to be noticed and the heart started to gallop him in breast. You felt at first in guilt to have almost forgotten the feeling that tried for her from when the unpredictable events and the strong attraction for Dafne had him/it deeply disturbed, and later it returned immediately him in mind that embarrassed application of Prometeo to find again his/her daughter. 
But did thing make us the pendant of Sabrina in the place of a multiple homicide? Did something enter it with the bloody deaths of that men therefore? The blood him he froze in the veins for the accursed suspect that insinuated him that rational street to cross.
"Of badly in worse!it " to tall voice.
Sam aimed straight an inquiring look in his eyes, trying to guess the thoughts of Ivo, but it didn't dare to ask him void on what he/she thought what happened, it limited him to take him/it sottobraccio saying:
"Ivo, you are a good boy. I know him/it, as Prometeo knew him/it. It doesn't care what risen it will attend us, surely you will always make the correct thing for the good of your citizens."
But already in cuor his/her Ivo knew that the old one was wrong him. It had in pocket a sign and you/he/she had hidden him for the simple motive that belonged to a person to him dear. To the first occasion in which was found to the alternative among a choice for one profit of his and one for his/her inhabitants, you/he/she had opted for his/her affairs.
In silence they dug a deep hole and they buried the bodies. Ivo returned to the camp with the defeated mind and a desperate need to confide him with someone. In the only instant in which Dafne, account immediately made him that she was the correct person. It felt an uncontrollable desire to be nearby her, to make himself/herself/themselves recommend or simply to speak to her. When it was seen her, that desire to speak to her and to orally communicate transformed him for that that in reality it was: a furious passion for that woman. Ivo believed to always have been fallen in love of Sabrina. It tried for that girl an immoderate affection, he/she esteemed her/it and it loved to look at that beautiful body turn around him. But this new passion was well different, it was irruenta and capricious, it felt her/it directly rise from the bowel without leastly being able to be managed by the reason. It was frightened not to succeed to brake the instinct of that gigantic body almost anymore that until then you/he/she had perfectly been loyal to his/her head. For the first time him same it was afraid of his/her strength, considering that you/he/she had to fight against it, against that voluptuousness that to lines it horrified him/it. Dafne warned the rigidity of Ivo in his/her comparisons, without understanding its motive. It suspected ch'egli you/he/she had discovered something on Saint and he/she wanted to conceal him/it to him. With excessive apprehension he/she asked him what that man had shown him in the wood. Ivo prevaricated in a little convincing way, too much intent to soothe the internal revolt that gripped him/it. To that point Dafne felt him betrayed. You had helped him/it, you/he/she had shown him the street of exit during one moment of his of total dismay and he now thanked her/it concealing her things, as if you/he/she could not trust her.
"You men are really of the ungrateful persons!become impatient " sbottò Dafne, while it was turning his back to escape away from him.
But really in that instant Ivo embraced him from behind and if it tightened her/it to the breast. It lowered his/her face on her head, sinking the nose in his/her perfumed hair. You not stirred, warned the whole puissance of those braccias, that also gently tightening her/it, you/they would have been impossible to be moved. Then Ivo turned her/it as it was a bambolina and it aimed the astute eyes in his. Dafne was literally stunned, it was not waited for anything of all of this and above all he/she didn't know really that to do. When he kissed her/it, she didn't oppose him and well soon it discovered that that kiss was even more long than you/he/she could imagine him. That man was not allowed to go to an unexpected simple kiss. Ivo wanted her/it, you/he/she had unleashed all of his/her voluptuousness and it openly showed him/it to you so much to leave her/it paralyzed. When it glued her the basin to his, making her stick on the belly all of his/her rigid and hot member, her he allowed to escape a sigh of amazement and immediately him made account that, to his ears, that moan would certainly be played as a sign of approval. It tried to speak.
"Ivo.
But really while it was opening the mouth, he threw her/it on as a twig and it laid down her/it in earth. You looked around him and it realized that discussing you/they had estranged from the camp. A part of herself and he had plotted to lower her/it in that situation leaving all of its rationality to the dark. As it was possible that imbambolata stayed there, without reacting, while that man looked that you/he/she had already discovered her breasts and had you/he/she dipped you above the whole lust of his/her red hot face? You made him kiss, it made him touch anywhere, without giving some limitation to those giant hands, to that body that kicked for possessing her/it, and to every instant it told herself:
"Two seconds still and I tell him to stay."
But after all also she liked that situation. When he put a hand among her legs it surprised him to be him so much wet. Yes, he/she wanted to be taken, it was the only way to loosen the anxiety that devoured her/it.
"Sweep me!it whispered " him in an ear.
To Ivo it didn't seem true ch'ella so openly spurred him/it. Its excitement had reached the stars. It finished stripping her/it in hurry and fury and it was thrown headfirst inside of her and a few minutes were enough for making him/it explode. It plentifully came inside of her, staying then immovable, in the same position in which you/he/she had reached the apex of his/her pleasure, absorbed in a lukewarm fainting. After a handful of minutes of irresponsibility, shiny rationality returned to ask the customs for its actions. It got up of hit with the red face for the shame and it tried to apologize to Dafne that was laid down still, with the open breasts and among the legs his seed that it showily dripped. You bursted to laugh.
"A big baby seems, Ivo!"
He vexed him and it went away.

XXXII
You/they had stacked the corpses one above the other and you/they had set them on fire, without any funeral ceremony. They were these the new dispositions of Matteus; during the war every superfluous action had to be avoids. All the energies and the time had to have employed for defeating the enemy. The sharp and dense air still wound the repressed pain of the family ones of the fourteen victims, that Matteus already announced another extraordinary reunion in the Agorà.
The people of those people that you/they had remained to Boscocittà had filled the plaza, that paradoxically seemed desert for the tomb silence that that dark and sick atmosphere dominated. To distance less of a week, everything was unrecognizable. The village had assumed the aspect of a battleground, the air had suddenly become around colder and heavy despite same for the full summer to come and, above all, a light blanket by now fixed it darkened the transparency of the usual sky. The attitudes of the people were accordingly also very changed. You found it hard to communicate more and more, he didn't help and he didn't entrust more as once, when Prometeo infused to that whole joviality and that altruism typical of their village. From the night of the times every reigning head had done the same handing down this behavior to its successor. With the sudden death of Prometeo that atavistic harmony was broken or perhaps the Royal cause was well other and simply coincides with the death of this last. What had you/he/she really seen the head of the village during the last instants of his/her life in which its third eye had totally opened, connecting himself/herself/itself to the everything? You/he/she had left some disposition to alone Ivo, without giving him some explanation to respect and now that it almost appeared evident to everybody that the colors of the landscapes became opaque more and more, that the perfumes of the plants and the flowers and even the food you/they were changing, as if the aura of every thing of the servant was suddenly growing weak himself/herself/itself, that people started to fear to be incurred in a divine punishment. 
Matteus from the tall one of his/her pedestal its merciless harangue started against who, according to him, you/he/she had to pay.
"Friends, are evident that the monster has been sent by the witch there that you/he/she has created him. You/he/she has come to spy us and when you/he/she has realized that his/her old friends would not even have supported her because by now we had become together everybody an only front against the evil, she has punished us sending us that monster. Mr., I have another news to give you. Poc'anzi one trusted friend of mine that followed to few times of distance the consignment that looked for the two fugitives, you/he/she has returned saying to have found me the bodies of our killed friends, not from the hands of the monster, but from human weapons. That witch is able of to kill only with the black magic, through that demon that comes to you/he/she stuffed every now and then visit and I surely discard the hypothesis that that companion of his of misdoings, the foreigner, has been able to face Efrem and the other experts hunters. I deduce of it, unfortunately, that has been an ambush a trap organized by Ivo and by his/her men. In fact, when our brave companion has found the bodies, for a puff you/he/she has succeeded in being saved before Ivo and one bungler of his roused him/it. The giant he was verifying that all were dead to avoid that witnesses sprouted!"
Finally resources the ability to speak to the mouths of the crowd, that looked through the air with the typical infesting sound of the wasps in anger. But to break the uniformity of the choir was the discordant voice of Fulvio, an omaccione from the tawny hair, that it almost had the same tonnage of Ivo. It was the second giant of Boscocittà. It had a great deal a strong body, where a big round head was glued, deprived of neck, crowned by long braids color copper and a sharp pain beard, also it extremely long, of the same color of the hair. The roar with which it exposed its disagreement made to tremble nearby many bodies to him.
"Matteus, this is not well me! You cannot afford to so openly accuse, without any test, people that are allied with many of us, that up to he/she worked beside yesterday very hard side to us for the comfort of the village. You must brake your one man show anger and your ambition, you will bring only otherwise calamity on our lives."
Around all the people heated him to the words of Fulvio. These gave solidarity and credibility to the small fire of brotherhood that every inhabitant still had inside of itself and hid for fear to be shown as rebel. Why did they have to see suddenly how hostile the same people with which were grown? But two bunglers of Matteus drew near to Fulvio and they summoned him of star silent because to anybody it interested his/her opinion and you/he/she had to not afford to interrupt the head. Fulvio hoisted him.
"As you allow you? I can say what want! Do you believe to frighten me? And then who has decided him that that vagabond hunter has become of a line the head of the village?"
The words of the man resounded in the amphitheater painting the hilarity on many faces. The two men grabbed Fulvio to drag him/it street, but he struck one in full face with a heading and all it took is giving a shove to the other to make him/it tumble beside there on to a group of people. Matteus was red for the anger but him made account that had to use the tactic of the diplomacy, otherwise people would be divided in two factions, that in favor his/her and that from the part of Fulvio. It opened mouth using the lowest and calm tone that you/he/she had ever used.
"Fulvio, forgives that two men some wild ones: you/they have spent the life in the woods to chase for the survival of the village. However also you should moderate yourself, you cannot express so much violence towards your companions. I, have been voted as for as successor of Prometeo in a public reunion, if well memoirs, and now as there is now need of a person that quickly decides, otherwise we could find there in an irreversible situation."
"The war is always irreversible!Fulvio " replied.
"You are right, but done see this serious precedent, do we have the moral obligation in front of our families to use us to prevent another possible fratricide, don't you find?"
The murmur of the crowd gave the final hit to the attempt of Fulvio to make to reestablish in the minds of the people the correct will. Matteus, very cleverly played with the fear of the people, taking advantage of the mental disorder created by the recent events of violence and the deceitful tactic broadly agreed with him. All slanted to want to be under to his/her wings, deluding himself/herself/itself so to have a sure protection. When people are afraid, you/he/she uses to submit him to a person that does use of violence and overbearance, convinced that the strength and the maintenance of the safety are proportional conditions to the first accepting even of good degree the inevitable human withdrawal and the evident limitation of the liberty of each. The fear is the feeling that more it condemns us to a death in life, that blocks us every possibility to be different, to become best, to authentically be ourselves. The fear is the weapon more used by the tyrants to subdue the people and to make them harmless. The fear is the feeling that makes us more you blind in absolute. Can convince us to undertake a war that will irremediably jeopardize our life, with the purpose to safeguard her/it! This is the most absurd and evident contradiction to which can be arrived, yet Matteus convinced the inhabitants of the village, in that reunion, to arm and to put out fight the hostile potential, represented by Ivo and by all the people that had followed him.

XXXIII
It was late evening when Ivo dared reapproach him to Dafne. You/he/she had spent the day pretending himself/herself/itself offended for the derisive attitude that she had immediately had in his/her comparisons after that insane moment of passion, while in his/her cuor it fully agreed with Dafne. Not as soon as you/he/she had succeeded in taking back the control of his/her instincts after that unexpected passionate outlet, you/he/she was felt ridiculous, embarrassed and incapable. From the tall one of his/her power of man then a naïve big baby was shown. You cursed for that thin figure and more it tormented him for the happened one, more he realized than the ascendancy of Dafne was preponderant above all of its actions in that particular breaker. It didn't persuade at all him of as, suddenly, that extraneous was insinuated to the point in his/her psyche to be governed every emotion of his and thought. The thing that frightened him/it more to lines witnessed his total acceptance its condition. The yoke that held him/it narrow to the feet of that woman didn't wake up again in him some motorbikes of rebellion, rather he enjoyed extremely masochistically of it. No, that attitude could not derive from a sudden violent falling in love that had indissolubly subdued him to her wish. There was something deeper, something ineluctable that could quietly have origin from the same air and from the same landscape that surrounded him/it and that you/he/she was more quickly changing clearly always. From the colors of the things to the same gravity that reigned on everything, there was something different, perceivable from everybody, but impossible to explain with the ratiocination. Unfortunately these acute reflections manifested him in a so deep part of the psyche of Ivo that, excessively you sink, they didn't reach to influence its outside motions, leaving him/it to a coarse too level to do yes ch'egli illuminated him and shrewdly acted. 
The giant seated next to the fire of side to Dafne and shook her hand, happy to feel that she reciprocated the hold. It was her the first one to speak.
"Dear I, regret Ivo that you have remained so badly there. We are allowed to so freely transport from the sudden desire of something beautiful and the possession done sex there you/he/she has loosened some the tension that plain pian is making us go crazy. Not do worry you, has been a thing that has concerned me and you only, and it won't have in the future absolutely trailing. It is as if it had never happened."
The words of Dafne were a hard hit for Ivo. She had misunderstood his/her reaction; he had not remained badly for that action, but for the little importance that she seemed to attribute him and that exit of his it confirmed the suspicions of Ivo. You/he/she had been an instant of free physical outlet and nient'altro. He tried to work to dissimulate his/her anguish concealing her/it with an ephemeral lightness.
"Forgive me Dafne, my bad mood you/he/she is fed by well other motives. It is always a pleasure for a man to possess a beautiful woman as you. It serves, as you say, to unload the tension and qualcos'altro. and it faked to burst to laugh. Her rice accompanied the notes of his voice.
"You men, at the end always see us in the same way, that malandrini! Do tell me, however, thing you have seen in the wood that has you so disturbed?"
Ivo him taken of the time to appraise if it were the case to confide him with her. Then concluded that up to that moment her suggestions had been precious and definite to open.
"In the wood there are five bodies of our fellow townspersons killed by arrows and sword. I don't have any hypothesis on who can have been, I have only a sign. I have found the pendant of Sabrina on the place of the crime and I don't know really thing to think."
Dafne immediately tried to reassure him/it.
"Ivo, Sabrina has never been me nice, but I challenges whoever to imagine her/it able to kill someone. And then it would not even have the strength to put out use five men."
"It would be able not to have been alone, Saint has disappeared together with her.
"No, I don't even allow you to suppose him/it. Saint would never turn him into an assassin, but if so you/he/she had gone, it would mean that that men have tried to kill him/it to them it turns. To have found the pendant of Sabrina don't mean anything. You/he/she could be passed of there before or even after the event, frightening himself/herself/itself immensely. And also accepting the hypothesis ch'ella had been present to that mattanza, of certain it would not make her/it automatically become the murderess. I make an attempt to reach soon the conclusions. I remind you that the people of your village wanted to condemn Saint for something in which him nothing didn't absolutely have anything to do with it."
Ivo him stizzì and he/she immediately answered to the provocation.
"Even if, up to contrary test, every time that the monster has attached, Saint has never been present.
Dafne immediately interrupted him/it.
"Thing combines me Ivo? I want to help you and you try to alienate me! Do I know that what has said you don't think him/it indeed, were you among those that have defended me and Saint with Prometeo, therefore will I pretend not to have felt this frecciatina, that probably derives from some other secluded feeling that tries in my comparisons, correct?"
Ivo remained to dry mouth. He/she succeeded only in sending forth a roar of anger to the address of the terrible female that continually fathomed him the soul as it was an open book. You didn't even intimidate him for an instant, rather it drew near him and it affectionately leaned his lips on his making him/it blush and immediately defeating his attempt to rebel to his immense ascendancy.
Ivo intensely stared at her/it in the eyes. You still felt brave and powerful as the time it passionately desired her/it before. In a second her naked body and his/her more hidden fragrances you/he/she was already imagined. Just in the instant in which it was about to passionately embrace her/it, her voice froze him/it of hit.
"Saint!it " said her, removing himself/herself/itself from the braccias of Ivo and racing to his/her shoulders.
The giant turned him and assisted to the scene of Dafne and Saint that were rejoined embracing himself/herself/itself. The occultist greedily the beautiful countess kissed. It seemed him to have remembered at that time only that also she was chained to that fiabescos world. He/she kissed her and meanwhile it hated him, because she was after all the cause before that whole story, but at the same time it loved him because it kept on being irresistibly beautiful and formidably magnetic. Opposite, Dafne was not absolutely fought. You/he/she had always been clear for her that Saint was his in the same measure in which she belonged to him. There was no antagonism in his/her soul, only the immense joy to be able him/it riabbracciare. 
Ivo was so stunned to the sight of that meeting that didn't even acknowledge Sabrina, that witnessed him few footsteps and it stared at him/it puzzled.
"Ivo!he/she called " him/it Sabrina.
He lowered the look and it focused the beautiful girl that up to little time before you/he/she had been the only one to occupy his heart. He/she affectionately embraced him holding suspends her/it from earth and he/she kissed her/it on the cheeks and on the forehead about ten times. The four whole all the vicissitudes told him that had met up to that moment, but Sabrina omitted the story of the terrible violence that had suffered. It still felt too shame and too much disgust. You/he/she would not even have succeeded in making some indication to the monstrosity of that event without reliving the whole horrendous ordeal. Saint had promised her to maintain the secret and it respected its wish. They also avoided to speak of their love story, with notable lightening of Saint and sum sadness for Sabrina.
When she was rejoined to his/her mother and his/her sister and then to the other inhabitants in exile, you/he/she was very warmingly welcomed and it finally returned on his/her face some the ancient complexion that once it dyed her the cheeks and that from the ill-omened event it seemed disappeared forever. 
When it lowered the night and Ivo it did for lying down next to Dafne that you/he/she was already dozed off, sour misunderstandings were born between Saint and he. Sabrina was already among the braccias of his/her mother and his/her sister to take comfort vicendevolmente for the loss of the beloved Prometeo, therefore the two was found confrontation, alone. Ivo had a hard expression as the stone.
"You feel friend, have you appeared from the nothing, have you made your comforts with Sabrina and am I certain that between you there has been something, and do you now come here and do you pretend to upset the equilibriums of my camp? I am here for watching over on the safety of this people and Dafne it represents a fundamental wedge for the safeguard of our future."
Saint bursted in a sarcastic laughter.
"Thing you are saying? Do you want to make me believe that I/you/he/she lay down yourself beside my companion for the safety of your people and even you would want also her fottere to safeguard the future of your race, correct?"
"I am not kept to explain you void. I have kindly done only you present that the situation is this."
"Well! And I do you foresees that won't be to look while you try to sweep you Dafne!"
On the face of Ivo it widened a smile of victory.
"Oh, if it is alone for this, bushels calm, you have arrived you delay. Dafne has a fire that burns her inside, while it is making him possess without any limit."
Saint remained of plaster. It hoped that Ivo the same taking around, but that his/her I turn satisfied and pleased it allowed to realize well other.
"Thing you have said? Giant or no, I want really to see how much six really win.
Without not even ending the sentence, Saint planted him a calcione in the genital ones. Unprepared, Ivo collapsed in ahead without breath and a violent push with the elbow in full face made him/it go to earth, but before falling he/she succeeded with a hand in grabbing on to Saint and if it brought him/it behind on the pavement. The occultist started to strike to free him/it, but Ivo, that tried to take back breath after the hard received hits, succeeded equally to dominate him/it approaching more always it to his/her breast. When it was him enough near sferrò a heading to the address of the occultist that lowered in time the head receiving the hit as soon as above the forehead. In answer Saint struck to the throat the giant that, senseless, it immediately loosened the taking allowing Saint to shell from his hands. It didn't do however in time to rise again that Ivo stamped him a kick in full breast again dashing him/it in earth. In the meantime Dafne woke up and it begged them to stay. All of a sudden, however, a crowd of cries at the same time it covered the voice of Dafne and it stopped the duellists. All looked with alive terror in direction of the cries. From the thick of the wood it sprouted a swarm of men armed with dark, lances and swords. Ivo immediately recognized the faces of the hunters and many other men that you/they had remained to the village.
The noise woke up the people that slept in his/her own curtains spreading the panic in the desperate search of streets of salvation. When Ivo saw to fall under in earth to the hits of ax the first his/her companions that, despite you/they were watching over for the safety of the camp, you/they had been cultured of surprise, it was stricken from a dismay and from an anger ever tried before. They were brothers that killed the same them brothers. As it was possible that this happened? Who and had thing convinced them some justness of that criminal act? It grabbed an ax and him it launched in the fray that started to form him around the camp. The first ones to attach had been the companions of Matteus, eliminating so every possibility of dialogue among the two factions. Fulvio and so many others, of that the group followed violent, they were forced to encounter with his/her own fellow citizens without any possibility to embank the violence by now exploded. The diabolic plans of Matteus spun smoother than the oil in that deadly days of misfortune. Saint meanwhile it acknowledged the group of men that, sprouted by another angle of the wood, of run was launched against them. It grabbed the hand of Dafne and whole they escaped in the opposite direction.
"Careful Saint, is an ambush!Sabrina " shouted from a point indecifrato of the camp.
In that noise of cries, with the dark and the continuous groups of men that were formed fighting himself/herself/itself, Saint didn't absolutely understand where the girl was found. You/he/she would have wanted to reach to also go her/it street her from that delirium, but it immediately noticed other men that sprouted from the wood on the opposite side of his/her pursuers. They wanted to encircle them and they looked for really Dafne and he. Ivo had thrown down the first assailants that you/he/she had met avoiding to mortally hurt them. Its ethic was still strong, if it didn't feel her/it to kill its same fellow citizens, even though, in that circumstance, they belonged to the opposite barricade to his. But not as soon as him made account that these last, thrown in earth by him, they raised again him to mortally rage against his/her friends without any hesitation, it changed soon tactic. You turned him same into a demon. Its aggressiveness and its violence were appalling because of its immense massive structure. In few minutes you/he/she had created the void around itself, and it was him now that it pursued his/her assailants that as soon as they refolded toward the wood. In the meantime, however, in the other hotbeds of the battle the fates of the struggle turned all for the men of Matteus. Even though they were in smaller number, you/they were trained and ready to fight, while the other ones were unprepared and entirely unorganized. The pain of Sabrina for the suffered violence and the thirst of revenge not yet satisfied, you/they were fiercely reawakened in her, again turning her/it into a murderess. You/he/she had already tasted the taste of the blood and a dark part of his/her conscience it resurfaced thirsty of death. While it was brandishing with unexpected strength an ax, it served as shield with his/her body to his/her mother and his/her sister, trembling to his/her shoulders. The men that if they found her/it before they underestimated the girl and, without not even becoming himself/herself/themselves account, in few instants they were to earth dipped in the them same blood. Suddenly, however, the three women remained you trap, already encircled by six ready men to do asunder her, but the same scene repeated that Sabrina had lived in the wood. Three men, one after the other, fell in earth hammered by the same arrows that her it already knew. Then the disguised man appeared and with few, experienced slashes you/he/she put out fight the other manigoldis. The archer drew near to the three women still terrorized.
"Soon must run away in the wood!"
Sabrina with imploring voice said:
"We are not able. A group of that bastards is pursuing Saint in the wood, from that part, must help him/it!"
The disguised man, with calm but definite voice, he/she quickly answered:
"I regret but there is no more time. By now it is sold, as all the others unfortunately. If want to save must follow us to you!"
To those words Sabrina froze. You remembered some promise that you/they were reciprocally made Saint and she after you/they were loved happy, to be near and to protect each other, anything was happened. No, you/he/she would not have violated that pact, at that time it was the only thing of value the only feeling that had not betrayed her yet.
"Is all right, save my sister and my mother, I go to look for them!"
The archer immediately asked:
"Who other is with him?"
"Dafne, his/her unlikely companion!he/she " answered angry Sabrina.
The faces of the two men, to the solo to hear that name, inflamed him and in unison they opened mouth.
"From what it departs they have gone?"
"Of there."
The mysterious fighters they launched in that direction, awkwardly dragging himself/herself/itself the three women that labored for being to their footstep.

XXXIV
Saint and Dafne were trapped in a blind alley, the shoulders glued to a steep rocky wall. In the run Saint had lost the machete that grasped for defending and their pursuers now tasted the fear on their faces. Dafne tightened him to Saint, both the lovers finally heard again the flow some special sap that had tied them together since the principle. You/they were lost each other from very, while they were being together still. Their consciences uniforms already wandered and in the moment in which the reality physical separation had happened, they almost risked to forget their union. That deep embrace, vivified by the preponderant feeling of fear that made them more awake, you/he/she had made them again meet. While Saint observed its aggressors, it returned him to the memory the last dialogue that had undertaken with the wise man before this last definitely disappeared. It started to repeat to himself to fior of lips, almost pits a litany:
"Nothing of this world doesn't exist, it is a mirage and me I am able everything, if only I take back the control of my faculties paranormali. I know how to wander in the centuries, I am able sorvolare you husk whole with my eye clairvoyant. Who are these fleas? I am a mean to understand this fear that grinds me the bowel! I am in the world, I belong to it, I am the world. Be at the base of the Buddhism! The fear is my desperate attempt to anchor me to somebody among the myriad of feelings and emotions that you/they flow me in the veins. Bitter, to share, to mix and then, for the fear to lose the beautiful one that is found, he/she would be wanted to freeze this river that eternally it flows for not losing that instants. But it is impossible to stop him/it, if the sacred waters of the experience equivarrebbes really froze him to a death. Life always flows, that I want him/it or no."
It suddenly shouted in the direction of his/her aggressors:
"I don't need you anymore, I accept this slide, that life also crosses me!"
Saying this set out in their direction slowly walking. Dafne, terrorized, it tried to stop him/it, but then he allowed to transport from Saint him being bound to the breast. They crossed the group of men that you/they seemed faded ghosts, of the same consistence of the shades, and they disappeared among the trees.
Saint was literally electrified. Another had succeeded directs to modify the apparent inevitability of the events of that place and now you/he/she had not even needed the image of the wise man, created by his/her subconscious. It came then him to mind a terrible doubt. How was Dafne also able to see and to interact with one hallucination of his? Point-blank churches to Dafne:
"You remember yourself the hermit that has assisted us in the beach?"
Dafne stared at him/it with interrogative look.
"Yes, do I remember him/it to me, but does thing enter it now? Saint, has thing happened to that men before? Was as if I felt me in trance, as if same dreaming!"
"Dafne, what has happened has to do with the wise man that we have met. This surreal trip that has appeared there from immediately incredibly real, despite completely senseless pits, it is in unreal truth."
Dafne whitened.
"Saint, doesn't understand what you are saying. The plants, the air, the men that have done us of the evil and the same wounds that you have brought are until too much true to still fake to dream."
Saint waited for a reaction of this kind.
"I know him/it that it seems tremendously real, but it is not him/it. During my trips in astral all the experiences with which I come in contact are real, just as now, just as when we are awake in our dimension. Only difference is that when I travel in astral I have the full control of me, I am aware that I am traveling, and before undertaking whatever trip I create my anchorages those that then will serve me to return back. In this case we have been catapulted in this other dimension without having had conscience of it. Here as the fact he explains that usually, when my Spirit errs, I have some powers that I here don't have, or better, that up to a little while ago I didn't have the conscience to possess. What you have lived together with me is the testimony of what I am telling you. The wise man has been the first attempt of my Spirit to wake up again my conscience. The wise man reappears me in the moment of extreme danger, when I sat as imputed to the court of the village and as of enchantment I/you/they have been brought away crossing the stunned crowd and paralysed by a mysterious strength. There were also you in that breaker and you can testify the truthfulness of what I say. The wise man has explained me all that that I am now explaining to you. I can speak of it so alone dettagliatamente now because me it has taken some time to elaborate the complexity of such revelation."
The face of Dafne was dark, and when it opened mouth its voice it was sour, as if to work it held back in her a ready fury to burst.
"Saint, don't be foolish! As it regards me all of this that is around it is totally real. I could perhaps doubt some substance of our memoirs. What it is more truth, now: our past in a distant dimension or the life that we are now living? In this dimension you have the possibility to use powers straight that before you day-dreamed to have, when you autosuggestionavi with your insane mental trips. Here we can be happy, together. I and you can escape from the destiny of this people and to find a new beginning in this virgin and uncontaminated earth. Me and you Saint, understands him/it together?"
The occultist remained to open mouth. He/she didn't know more than to think. It started shouting against Dafne.
"But that bushels saying? Do you want to paint me as a crazy person? According to you I must accept this pantomimic world and to live us inside smiling and happy, doing forget from where I come and above all as devil I/you/they have arrived there? I don't know how you have done, but you have brought me us and now you pretend that I accept him/it. Keep on shamelessly lying me! Me and you together? For your adversity I/you/they have already come to knowledge that while you were not absolutely knowing that end I/you had done, you already had among the legs your new horse to command. Do you want to also deny this?"
"It looks like you were not really lost instead. Rather you were in honeymoon with that troietta of a ragazzina. From the first time that has seen you, cannot wait to climb on you in rump!"
Saint gave his shoulders and got further in big hurry. The voice of Dafne pursued him/it.
"I bet that you are going to look for really her."
The man turned back him, you/he/she reached her/it and picking her/it for an arm up dragged her/it with itself.
"Note, is going to look for her and you you will come with me. To resolve this history I also have need of you."

XXXV
Ivo was racing in the wood with the ax grasped with everybody and two his/her mighty hands. Its suits and its hair was impregnate of the blood of its fellow townspersons that had had to kill in that absurd battle. It raced, not to escape, but to fight. It pursued the group of aggressors to the heels of the people of his/her camp, ch'era run away in the wood when by now the battle it turned to them total disfavor.
As soon as he/she succeeded in reaching, before two, then three allies of Matteus and without any hesitation it unswathed their bodies as they were inanimate wood fetterses. You/he/she could not afford to reason on thing you/he/she would really have been correct. He/she knew since the first instant in which its first hit of ax had departed to defense of the inhabitants that you/they were trusted him following him/it in the thick of the forest, that its assignment would have brought after all ineluctably him until. You/he/she would also have put us days, but you/he/she would have polished up the forest of all the violent that you/they had made an attempt to the peace of his/her camp. Its breath did him strenuous more and more up to that its run didn't slow down for then staying of hit. 
In the middle of everything that blood that his/her body there was also his. It had quite a lot a little deep but enough wide cuts on both the braccias and the legs but the thing that he/she left him/it dumbfounded it was the to realize to have a lance pierced in the abdomen. Up to that moment you/he/she was not realized anything. The anger had emitted in him a herculean implacable strength that had decimated the horde that had dared to attach its camp. Now, however, its body asked the customs of what you/he/she had offered with so much pertinacia.
Its tried limbs forced him/it to stay and straight to let him fall without any reservedness on the wild brushwood. From stretched out it slowly tried to get unthreaded from the belly the point of hammered lance, but it desisted suffered by the attempt to do him/it when it realized that shifting her/it only of some centimeter, it gave him an uncontrollable hemorrhage. You looked around; pimply branches of savage grown trees one above the other without any order stared at him/it serious. Their leafy branches allowed to filter the lunar light to flashes here and there, making even more the ghostly panorama than you/he/she would have been in the daytime.
The musk, crushed under to the mighty massive structure of Ivo, it modeled him around his/her outline winding her/it as a velvety funeral blanket. Closed the eyes plain pian and him it allowed to go to the hands of the dull fainting that it already obstructed him the senses anesthetizing every feeling of his. From far he/she heard a voice of woman a desperate invocation. A part of him induced him/it to disinterested of the outside. A maternal obscurity inebriated him/it and melted him/it to the earth paralysing him/it. Then the voice became family: was Dafne! That fascinating woman that had made him turn the head every time that if the era found before, that woman that Prometeo had admonished him to protect for the good of everybody!
It opened the eyes and it got up of release. The pain and the numbness of the body were enfeebled, cancelled by the adrenaline that it was activated him in the veins. It followed the direction from where the voice you/he/she was reached and it found again him before Fulvio, the second giant of the village. Ax to the hand, Dafne had inserted with the shoulders against a trunk and it seemed to have all the intentions to do foolish of it. Ivo shouted him against, Fulvio it turned him of release and with a point of pain in the voice it said:
"Ivo, also you I befriend my, you are reduced badly rather. How much calamity, how much death has you/he/she brought the arrival of this witch in our village? I will eliminate her and I will save you all from his/her ill-omened spell."
Ivo sadly smiled at his/her old friend.
"No, you are wrong you expensive Fulvio, it is not her the calamity. Casomai she is the salvation. Who has destroyed us all, as civil people, have been first of all the cruel ambition of Matteus and those people that you/they have accepted his/her follies. The war among us is the true witchcraft. You don't have anything to do with it nothing. Prometeo, dying, has recommended me to protect her/it because she would have been the key of our salvation!"
Fulvio puffed angry.
"Prometeo? Is the monster a creation of its favorite daughter, doesn't Sabrina, know him/it? We have found under the representative figurine that proper demon to his/her bed."
Ivo was incredulous. You/he/she was suffered him in mind the pendant of Sabrina found on the place of the crime.
"You are not Sabrina not to allow to hurt you her."
Fulvio struck by lightning him/it with the look.
"You are threatening me?"
"Am telling only you!Ivo " replied.
"Otherwise that you do? My friend, allows to lose, you don't even succeed more to be standing alone."
Then Ivo brandished the ax above the head. To that affront Fulvio he turned verse of him, it spit in earth and also lifting him his/her ax summoned him to make before. Ivo still recalled all the present possible energy in his tortured body and advancing toward his ex friend, it acknowledged the body of Saint I pour again in earth.
The clash among the two titaniums was violent, but despite Ivo it was bigger and experienced, because of the wounds that you/he/she had suffered it already surrendered in front of the efforts of that fight. It collapsed ahead on the knees to the enemy. It tried to defend from the ax that you/he/she was falling him from the tall one, but lifting the braccias realized to have already lost by the hands his/her weapon. The ax of Fulvio he hammered him in the left shoulder. Pain was acute, but at that time its only thought was for Dafne. Stricken that had him, Fulvio immediately left the hilt of his/her weapon and knelt in front of the friend.
"Oh God, Ivo! What have I done? Forgive me. For a witch I have hurt to death one brother of mine."
As if you/he/she was waked up again by a hypnosis, it seemed that the conscience of Fulvio was again alone ripiombata in that instant in its body. Warm tears ploughed the cheeks of the young one while it was picking up among the braccias the body of Ivo, that slowly got flabby. Then, Fulvio was suddenly, immobilized with the eyes and the open mouth. A rivulet of blood went down him from the edge of the lip. It lowered the head and glances a point of lance that escaped from his stomach.
To his/her shoulders Dafne still tightened the lance with which you/he/she had pierced through him. The man tried to get up but she extracted her/it and you/he/she again sank him in the back of the giant. This was enough for making him/it collapse to the lifeless ground. The weak voice of Ivo whispered her something. You drew near to his/her body I pour again of side, but he had already stopped breathing. You turned then toward Saint and him him it launched on shouting desperate.

XXXVI
His/her eyes plain pians opened to the world. It was stretched out, he/she succeeded in seeing only some red around him. It seemed him to be in an animal organ to form of cone. The weak light that danced on the walls of that strange knapsack had to originate from a lantern, from some part next to him, but he/she didn't succeed in identifying its exact position. Him wanted us about ten minutes to repurchase great lucidity and to understand to be inside a curtain. It tried to put on sat but its body was totally absent. You/he/she had to have been narcotized. But from who? Where was it found? 
As soon as that situation was dyed of familiarity to the eyes of Saint. It returned well soon him in mind the moment in which he was found again, drug addict with the deception from Dafne, stretched out on that marmoreal pallet, paralyzed equally in which was him/it in that breaker. An arrogant person hope filled him/it with joy. Perhaps all the vicissitudes that you/he/she had faced were fruit of a hallucination gotten by the effect of the drug injected him in body. Perhaps you/he/she had never moved from there and it finally waked up again him from the narcotic drowsiness that had chained him/it to that nightmare. Attended, impatient to repurchase conscience of his/her body. 
It seemed him an endless you/he/she was passed weary of time before seeing the edges of the curtain stir. Unexpectedly Saint assisted to the entrance in scene of the wise man hermit. The occultist then him made account that all of this that you/he/she had lived really existed, or at least that surely you/he/she was not reawakened by that surreal trip yet. Suffered so much amazement, it was really him to speak for first.
"Thing does here us? You had told me that you belonged to my conscience and that I would not have more you seen again once disclosed that mystery."
The old man drew near to Saint and softly leaned a hand on his forehead. An immense heat, principle of unbelievable ecstasy, wound the limbs of the occultist and absorbed in that intoxicated to like heard inside of itself the voice of the wise man.
"My dear Saint, is not wrong you, I remain always a part of your conscience. They are here for announcing you that you have almost reached the conclusion of your trip, few experiences still miss only you. You are made alone already account of it until where your awareness has arrived. I want only to reassure you and to infuse you hope and courage for what must face after this meeting of ours. You will have put to hard test, but it is a fundamental passage in the growth of your Spirit and above all for the future safeguard of it."
Not as soon as the wise man pronounced the last word, you/he/she dissolved him in a blinding splendor.
Saint was spellbound to fix the void enjoying himself/herself/itself the last electric discharges of ecstasy that still crossed him the whole length of the body. Here it was ready. Dafne had entered with Sabrina. Both smiled at him. It was Dafne to speak.
"As you are? I/you/they have been. we have been a lot in thought for you. If you feel yourself some disoriented, not to alarm you. You are under to the effect of a strong sedative. It is because of the wound. You/he/she has been Sabrina to administer him/it for you, it is very experienced of medical grass."
Saint had listened to the sound of every single word ch'era gone out of the mouth of Dafne, but you/he/she had not absolutely made case to the sense of those words. It looked at her and he surprised than it was really beautiful. Also Sabrina was endowed with a prorompente beauty, but it was still, under certain aspects, sour. Dafne had a sensuality and a mystery instead around every gesture of his of woman that you/they made her/it really irresistible. Saint smiled at its thoughts. How much the human mind is inconstant! He/she knew for some that really little time before the qualities of Sabrina had upset him to the point to almost make him forget its Dafne. But here what time bossily they returned to do it visits him the strong feelings that it tried for his/her companion of adventure.
"Saint, understands what we say?"
It was the trembling voice of Sabrina, betrayed by an anxious worry for him. Saint assembled its look on the faces of both the women and made an affirmative sign. Then closed the eyes, captured by the warmth of that soft pallet. When it reopened the eyes, both the women were still present in the curtain, each session and dozed off on his/her own side next to him. The head weighed him as and the right hand ached him immensely. You threw on release staying sat for recovering some equilibrium. The curtain seemed to be positioned on a boat, it warned the same feeling of nausea typical of the sea sickness. It lowered the look to view the hand that so much ached him, but the vision that he introduced him before filled him/it of terror and desperation. His/her hand! Its forearm finished with a bandaged stump. If it touched him/it to verify that it was not a deception of his/her transitory sight yet. Had really lost a hand!
"Oh God, has thing happened?"
The two women they woke up suddenly. They tried to calm him/it, but its dismay was uncontrollable. It got up of hit, it stumbled and it badly fell in earth. To on all four it went out of the curtain. You poured again supine with the eyes to the sky. It was night. It shouted with all the strength that had against the stars that fixed him/it molts.

XXXVII
You/they had remained in a hundred escaped him of the camp after the terrible attack of the inhabitants of faithful Boscocittà to Matteus. Many companions and a lot of companions were dead massacred by the themselves fellow townspersons. Only this compact gruppetto, understanding his/her mother and the sister of Sabrina, some relative of theirs and their narrow friends, had succeeded in escaping the claws of the men of Matteus. They continually wondered how much of they erred alone and lost in the forest. In that you run away you run away general there had not been the time to reunite and to reciprocally help as you/he/she had always been in front of every adversity mandatory. Each had had to think about itself with the purpose to be saved the life. They were men declassed to the condition of animals, of desperate preys with the hunters' breath on the neck. To every instant, Sabrina thanked with the thought the two mysterious men that for well twice you/they had reached to save her/it for then to again disappear in the nothing. You/they would have wanted to also save Dafne and Saint, but in that chaos you/they had not succeeded in finding them in time and unfortunately to pay its greatest price had been Ivo, his/her father's friend, his/her acquired great brother, that had always protected her and helped. He/she cried to I hijack, but silently, every thought whenever about him. You/he/she was behaved by hero up to the last one, sacrificing his/her life to save others of it. He/she cried above all because in his/her cuor he felt enormously in guilt. In the instant in which you/he/she had seen the body of Ivo and that of Saint in earth, both immovable ones, had prayed because both were alive, but then it had bitterly rejoyced because among the two you/he/she had survived at least his/her love. 
The good old Sam called all the survivors to harvest.
"Friends, find us in a terrible situation. They are never happened, from the memory of the times, so ill-omened events and all connected ones drastically among them. I don't know what other can happen, but it is fundamental to maintain the hope. We have remained in few, but it is an essential duty of us adults to create a new village whether to be able to let our children to grow. The cruel aggression that we have received must not represent the beginning of a fratricidal war. The men that have attached us were all hunters and narrow companions of Matteus. The people's guilt remained to the village is simply that to passively have accepted who is imposed with the violence. They will spend years before can be tried to again gather our people in an only village. This doesn't remove the fact, however, that a lasting truce is obligatory during this long period. We will find a new earth, away from here, whether to be able to reconstruct our future, but we must expedite us to make to lose our traces. Ours actual enemies could be already ready to attach us and the consequences they would be fatal."
His/her children, would have been unfortunately those, that for a long time term you/they would mostly have suffered the consequences of that horrible events. They were protected and cuddled by all the adults of the camp. Many of them had been orphan after the last ferocious guerrilla and the future it had in Serb for them hard days, wound in the darkest uncertainty. 
In the meantime Saint was found in an angle, completely disinterested to what it happened out. It reflected on his/her one man shows vicissitudes.
"As it is possible that this world has still gathered me unprepared? Only few minutes before I had succeeded in crossing an I manipulate of ready men to do asunder me with the alone strength of my mind. I had understood the precariousness and the pretense of this dimension and few instants after I am enslaved ripiombato of his/her laws."
The occultist gave a rapids, timorous glance to his/her stump. He/she didn't succeed really to be convinced to have lost a hand. You remembered to have seen to emerge a big man from behind a tree. Instinctively you/he/she was made shield with the arm, but the blade of the ax had cut him of I clean the hand. Then it was fallen I deprive of knowledge. It was a miracle that Ivo had come really then, otherwise Dafne would have been sold.
For the nth time you/he/she had not succeeded in defending her/it, as you/he/she had not avoided that Sabrina suffered the horror of the violence. It was exhausted and demotivato from the continuous defeats that inexorably they repeated him in that dimension, but at the end a logical connection to that tangled confusion had found him. A simple consideration, that however you/he/she could really transform the futures you pass of that surreal walk. Whenever every had lost the control of what it surrounded him/it, succumbing to the hostility of the events, the first skirmish that preceded the to fall of a situation was dictated by the bossy incedere of the fear. His assembled to cogitate on that sign, that allowed him to reach the most obvious conclusion.
"This surreal world lives thanks to the spiritual energy and the emotions I am the greatest trap in which you/he/she can be incurred in this dimension. If in the concrete and material world the emotions not checked can throw ugly jokes, making us act badly where would brightly have succeeded usually, here their potential is infinitely whetted, so they not only divert the to act human, but they create the situations straight, the landscapes and could mould even who knows real living beings!"
Yes, it was this the apodittica induction, if not the last veil of maya, at least one of the seven that once eliminated you/they would have disclosed the arcane suggestion of the hidden operator of those earths.
Yes, because by now that mysterious world it was convinced it belonged to someone, you/he/she had been an entity or a simple energy, it always had also a conscience or a default plan. Nothing was left to the case! 

XXXVIII
Matteus was prey to an insane anger. Just when you/he/she had reached his/her most secret dream of a life, to be to head of that village to be able to finally decide the beautiful one and the bad time, found again him between head and neck the incumbent threat of the attacks of that devil. It had straight secretly already consulted a witch to put an end to that torment. You/he/she had gone a night, only in the wood, next to the cavern where quite a lot years before you/he/she had met for the first time the witch. 
To the times, you/he/she was pursuing a beautiful sample of buck. If you/he/she had captured him, you/he/she would have become an idol among the young hunters of his/her age. All of a sudden lost the traces of the agile animal and it found again him without orientation to wander for the wood. You/he/she was attracted by a sweet, but intense noise of roaring water. It followed incuriosito the direction from where that sound it originated and to the sudden one it opened him before an unbelievable vision. A fall was risen by the tall one of its beauty, breaking the monotony of the dense wood, totally seized to a rocky wall hidden from the plentiful leafy branches of the trees and, really under to that magic surge of water, there was a completely naked woman that was about to wash him. The libido of its young age brought him/it to throw headfirst him toward that vision without leastly reflecting.
The woman, that was set of shoulders up to that moment, when it warned him/it near it turned him of release showing himself/herself/itself without any modesty and laughing at taste while he/she was affirming:
"Oh! What a dessert odor of meat of teen-ager! And looks looks, how much excitement conceals him behind a so inexperienced and crazy heart!"
The sight of Matteus was totally abducted from the brown pubic hair of the woman. Then with taste its eyes crossed the whole softness of its abdomen to again stop, this time on the mature generosity of two opulent breasts, leaning as heads of sunflower when the sun starts its descent. Two big dark nipples worthily crowned them. The age of that body of woman could wander around the forty years and this aroused enthusiasm more still the young one, sure to conclude something thanks to that occasional meeting. But when the woman stuck out him in before, coming I meet him, its face appeared on the surface hidden from the surge of water that hid him the features before. This way it showed the whole horror of his/her face to the young irresponsible person. It was it deprives of ocular bulbs and their place he/she was vacant, without not even the eyelids to cover that two black holes that seemed to lean out on a tenebrous abyss. It had an extremely long and sharp face as those some demons, the ears they were to point as those of the gnomes. Thin lips framed a reptile dentatura, and as soon as it opened mouth it was evident the bifurcate nature of its language.
"My dear boy, won't want to tell me that you/he/she is passed you the desire to take me with violence in this uninhabited forest? It was not really what you desired ago up to some second?"
Matteus was petrified by the fear.
"A witch!" he/she thought.
You/he/she had felt so many times of it to speak through the legendary stories that the elderly ones used to narrate around the fire the evening, but growing had not given you anymore some credibility. And instead now had there him before, a witch in meat and bones!
The boy wanted to escape, but the fear had literally paralysed him/it. The witch drew near more still him and sniffed him/it.
"Eh no, my darling, I have given you some moments of great excitement. You must now satisfy sits me!"
He/she didn't know yet where you/he/she had found the strength in that breaker but Matteus, too frightened to refuse, it consented to the application of the witch. And, more terrible thing still for him, tied up as it was to his/her naivety, he/she also succeeded in enjoying of that action.
Since then, also never admitting him/it to himself, his/her self it changed radically. Every form of ethic and affection toward the other ones quickly went disappearing in him and it developed more always him its avarice and its thirst of power. It was as if, tying himself/herself/itself to that witch, you/he/she was directly contaminated with the root of the evil. In front of the will of his/her dark instincts, contrasted to the behavior of the village, held up by his merciful and pacific laws and you slavishly follow from all of his/her citizens or almost, inclusive Prometeo, the guarantor of the order and the justice, Matteus decided to build him a life in a limbo. It was for half city of that village, when you/he/she had to hurry the assignments that people were waited for ch'egli adempisse in base to his/her figures of hunter but the other halves his/her life you/he/she obeyed to the laws of the forest and well soon with his/her group of hunters you/he/she created a new tribe where he reigned without any contradiction from the others. He/she also succeeded in getting married and to have a child, not because it desired a family, but simply because it had need of a woman that satisfied him/it sexually and it dealt him with the house. However The witch kept on influencing all of his/her future choices. After that first meeting, she proposed him an ignoble pact: ogniqualvolta he had needed something, you/he/she would be introduced by her, you/he/she would have lain in his/her bed and her you/he/she would have done then in way to realize his/her desires.
To her he/she asked to become the head of the hunters and then to find wife. Sometimes, in his/her long sleepless nights, Matteus concealed him in the bed of the witch without asking nothing in change, for the simple satisfaction of the lust that seemed every day to grow to excess in his/her opaque soul. You/he/she had asked her quite a lot times to become the head of the village, but to that application she had always shaken the head.
"No, I regret it, I am not able to grant all of your desires."
Now that had become head of the village with the alone his/her strengths, him ripresentava to tall head from his/her tenebrous benefactress. They were years that you/he/she was not introduced in front of his/her cavern anymore. He/she called her to big voice.
"Witch, where are you? I am your Matteus!"
It added the last sentence with malcelata irony. You/he/she had never known the name of that being and it was never him interested to know him/it. You/they had simply stipulated a pact that was worthwhile to both and nient'altro. Few instants and the witch it appeared on the threshold of the cavern. He/she wore a simple mantle on the shoulders and bottom of it it was completely naked. You/he/she was always introduced naked or almost to the eyes of Matteus. Her didn't care to dress, he/she lived in the forest in complete loneliness, and in that few meetings that it had with some characters he/she preferred immediately to show his/her best side, so much different from his/her horrible face. Matteus, from their first meeting, it was by now notably changed. You/he/she was turned into a man more of forty years, in overweight, bald and with the face and the teeth spoiled by to drink. Contrarily, the witch had maintained the physiognomy of when he had seen her the first time. When she drew near to him to caress him the face, widening his/her mouth in a terrible sneer that wanted to be a cordial smile of welcome, Matteus it detained him to mouth open to fix that prosperous breasts that you/they had been such and what to their first meeting. It immediately realized to be him by now gotten used to that horrendous face, while you/he/she was being grown immensely the desire for that pleasant and firm ground woman's body, pale and generous under to the weak light of the moon. With both the hands he grabbed on to that breasts lasciviously palpating them. Smiled immediately warning the sudden excitement of his/her member. That witch had the most beautiful body of that of his/her wife, by now folded up from the time and from the sadness of his/her opaque life without love. The witch let him/it still make an instant, then with the claws of his/her hands you/he/she scratched him violently the face. He stepped backwards of hit cursing.
"My dear old lover" she said, maintaining in face the same, identical, smiled atro "you by now are rotten! You don't have any attraction anymore for the abysses of my sight. You cannot afford anymore than to touch me. What would you have wanted from my magic? Tell me, dear."
Matteus in front of that being again an intimidated little boy felt him, but you/he/she was not able otherwise, you/he/she was still clean me of it stronger of him.
"Bewitches, must take back yourself the devil that plain pian is destroying my village!"
The witch answered surprised:
"A devil? I could never send a devil. If, if I met him/it, I should immediately genuflect and to give him my body so that he completes all the iniquities that need to his/her dark desires of that moment. Us witches we are the puttanes of the devils. Be an ancient law as the evil as the world! But speak to me of this being.
Matteus explained to the witch for thread and for sign everything the to follow him some stories concerning the demon and at the end the churches expressly to send away that being from his/her earths. The witch observed him with the holes that you/he/she had to the place of the eyes for endless minutes. Matteus didn't persuade him any fact ch'ella you/he/she could see through the nothing. Then the witch sentenced:
"I know of my companions that would immediately be thrown to the feet of that demon to be raped and subjugated by his/her power. But alas, the sadomasochismo, or better the slave's role, really it is not suitable him to my person. I prefer to command! However I could try some ancient sorcery to obviously estrange him/it from your village but you you must give me something in change."
"I am ready" Matteus said timidly advancing.
"Oh no, old poor man, is really hard of intelligence. You are not worth by now anymore anything, however I have seen through your eyes the flourishing youth of your child. Hands me him, I will hold him/it with me for three years enjoying me him until after all. Then I will leave him/it free to leave. I promise that I won't hurt him, but surely it will be forced to learn every lascivious inclination. This is mine before and last proposal. Think of us, dear!"
And pronounced ch'ebbe the last word, it disappeared in the nothing. The hunter didn't have the time to reply and imbambolato remained to fix the void. While the new head of the village returned home, it shivered seeing among the pines next to the house-redwood the deadly red of the flames. Wanted us quite a lot times before the fire was tamed. New corpses lay in line on the pavement of the Agorà. They were ten. It seemed that the monster this time sorvolando the village had passed only and for spite you/he/she had set some residence for then to again disappear on fire. 
Matteus reached his/her child. It didn't tell the truth respect the sacrifice that had to complete for his/her village and above all for his/her father. It told him everything other history. He/she explained him that during his/her birth it was about to die, but you/he/she was saved by the magic of a witch. This last now asked to get back near that child by now adult, so that he could reciprocate the gift that was done him to that time. The boy, in front of those words, it started trembling and to shake the head in a sign of refusal. His/her father tried to reassure him/it.
"Not to worry you, will be beautiful to be with her. It is a woman with a formidable body. It will bring in bed you every night with her and you can do everything that that you will want with his/her body and in more you will learn the magic. When will return to the village and me I will depose the scepter of the command, will be natural, seen the power and the ability that will have acquired in that years, that the place of head is up to by law you! You have only to withstand, son, I have passed there also under to his/her claws. If you follow the shrewdness that I will give you, you will see that all of a sudden it will be an amusement to sweep you that lascivious witch, and returning then straight to house will miss you, considering that you won't find as never in this village a perverse woman her."
The attempt of his/her/their father to convince the boy didn't help him/it, that he found again to uselessly wriggle out while his/her father dragged him/it to destination. When Matteus reached the cavern with his/her/their child, that sadly howled still, he/she bandaged him/it and it summoned him to stay immovable in that point, otherwise you/he/she would have risked seriously to lose the life. Then it entered the dark atro and he/she called the witch that appeared, as his usual, completely naked.
"I have brought you my child, but to a condition, that learns to know the semblances of your little face to the time. For some time, when you will want to have him, you must hold bandages him, so you indissolubly tie him to your pleasures and succeeds in accepting more easily your face so. it made a break of some second and it added .esotico.
It was satisfied for his/her keenness in to find a so kind adjective. The witch, to which you/they didn't like the conditions, above all if dictated by somebody else, it accepted reluctantly and it added:
"It is all right, the knowledge with my face will gradually do her/it. But already having me one tentar desire of yours to realize, the years when I will have available your child they will become five. And not to fear, won't have only to satisfy my desires, but also to hurry some enough obvious daily matters in a cohabitation."
It underlined the last handful of words doing so that his/her blasphemer bifurcate language it whipped the surrounding air and it grazed the face of Matteus, that he/she was imperturbable.
"It is all right, witch. The pact is stipulated. Now could also seal our accord remembering the beautiful gone times!"
The witch didn't appreciate at all the insistence of Matteus.
"Dull animal, you cannot enjoy anymore in my bed, and I warn you that if only you will propose me a thing of the kind I will tear you both the eyes and I will do you them to eat. Six so gotten used to be a slave, that you don't return even yourself account than has kissed you the fortune. Now six a head and I recommend you to satisfy your itches taking you what you want in your village. Hands me your child and disappear!"
Matteus returned to the thoughtful village. The words of the witch had turned on his most terrible ideas. From that moment in then his/her absolutism you/he/she would subsequently be whetted to damage of the inhabitants of Boscocittà. From when head was become, the abode that a little before had been that of Prometeo and of its family occupied alone. It made to send away the desperate wife ch'era come to ask explanations of the disappearance of his/her/their child and then, with already the drivel to the mouth, it summoned two his/her trusted.
"You feel, this evening I have need of two young girls that systematizes some the disorder of this general quartier of mine. Bring me Helen, the daughter of the blacksmith and the red daughter of hair of the herbalist, is so pale and delicate that would do well her some healthy motion!"
Concluded the sentence laughing at taste for this ch'egli he/she believed to have been a diamond double sense. His/her men didn't add any word, neither they made the choir to the vulgar laughs of their head, leaving the impregnate room of the alone rough echo of Matteus.
The girls were withdrawn by their residences and their respective fathers they were convinced, some with the good ones and some with the bad ones, that the young girl had to be lent to systematize the office of their head and for them would have been a honor and a rosy possibility for the future. His/her mothers uselessly offered him to their place, sustaining to be more experienced to tidy up a house of their daughters, but the answer came shoal and unchangeable: "I sharpen, is now that learns also them the work of woman!"
The dirty feet of Matteus to dirty the humble table of the kitchen of Prometeo were the first thing that you/they saw the young girl, pushes to strength in the house. The door behind of them immediately been closed, leaving her sun, together with that ogre.
"Good evening, girls! I will avoid the sentences of circumstance and I immediately will reach the motive for this your convocation. You must serve your head and you must be good, well prepared and above all obedient, otherwise tomorrow morning I must give the sad news of your abduction from that malefic monster and then, alas, they would horribly find again you you tear to pieces in the wood. Obviously the services that you will lend to my person will be secret. You will limit you to say that you owe tener in order my trifles. Punishment for this disobedience, the deadly punishment of one of your parents. Then, a last thing before starting. I will ask once you the things alone and I demand your sudden obedience. If they will pass only few second in which you will shake or you immediately won't perform my orders, I will interpret your attitude as a sign of denial, therefore the consequence will be that to make you find again you tear to pieces in the wood. Remember you, I will be extremely intransigent. Are these my rules, understood?"
The trembling and wet girls of tears gave theirs forced consent with a sign of the head.
"Very well! Then stripped you, immediately!"

XXXIX
Saint was literally still absorbed in the impervious ocean of its lucubrations. The flashes of total illumination were alternated vertiginosamente to the moments of inexpressible dark. You felt prey of the most insane schizophrenia. You/he/she would not have been able to hold up for a long time the frantic one to disarrange him of his/her emotions. More master than nothing didn't feel him. Its thoughts and its senses plotted with clean evidence to its shoulders. Even the actions of its body were not definite from him. His/her body! You/he/she could not afford anymore than to think about his/her body without being seized by the panic. His/her hand! It continually had to repress the impelling desire that made an attempt to his/her safety. Rivoleva his/her hand. He/she asked the impossible one to this tangled and impudent world and the only answer that it hissed him left to fior of ears it was:
"He/she returns in you. Committed suicide and conclude this unhealthy risks!"
Suddenly two fatal fragrances wound him/it bewitching him/it. Its thoughts became again smoke, thin, up to disappear entirely. It didn't have need that the eyes confirmed him that that he/she already knew. Dafne and Sabrina had reached him/it. It realized the breath of Dafne to his/her left and that of Sabrina to his/her right. It realized to have thought for all that endless weary of time about closed eyes, perhaps hoping to hover in flight and to detach from his/her body, as you/he/she had always done in past. But in that environment its Spirit seemed crucifix to its body and there was no truce to the gravity. He, however, clearly warned the ancestral expansion of his/her aura. The four hands of woman meanwhile they took to caress him/it on the face and on the body with endless sweetness. That mystical contact provoked sparks to like to fior of skin. Then they were the lips of both the beautiful goddesses to remember him the velvet that intervened to divide their immortal Spirits. Their lips and their languages crossed the limits of its face, then of its neck and it now realized to be without shirt and then without pants. The shiver of that two angelic touches accompanied its closed eyes to the discovery after all of its body, that unexpectedly he rediscovered completely naked. He/she left that the two priestesses laid down him/it in earth and they sounded every centimeter of his/her surface. Then they were the two feminine bodies to free him from the dresses and to entwine to his body. The emotions were very idyllic that to Saint it really seemed to have lost every consistence. The two nymphs had crossed its body and you/they were directly loving him the Spirit. He/she didn't know who of the two same above of him to make himself/herself/themselves love more deeply the possible, while the other wound his head with the legs, forcing to taste him/it until after all the nectar of his/her secret garden. The two baccantis were the same person, in total symbiosis they stirred, they changed position with unbelievable sincronia to inflict him the most unthinkable emotions that you/he/she had ever tried. Its eyes never knew thing you/he/she was happened. The eyelids had remained you seal for the fear that theirs awkward to open made to disappear of enchantment the poetry that that two bodies wrote on him. 
When it was reawakened, it was again dressed, stretched out in the curtain where you/he/she had discovered his/her mutilation.
Has it happened? It was the first question struck by the arc of his/her mind. It went out out quickly and it discovered that the twilight had already dyed of shade the surrounding landscape. It flowed the whole group of survivors around the fire and him it went to unite to them. They were present also Dafne and Sabrina. It looked for their looks. They reciprocated him/it to Them with the usual dense glances of affection. It scrutinized to fund the faces and the gestures of both the women, but it didn't absolutely realize some attitude of understood accomplice among them. As it was possible? It was too much truth what you/he/she had lived. The thing most real up to that moment! During the evening it tried more times than to sound the two women making vague allusions respect to their bond, but both seemed to get vexed in front of those stupid inferences on the presumed complicity among them two. It was on the point to burst to laugh declaring his/her total loss of sense to the world, when a language of fire illuminated to day the starry sky. By instinct Saint got up and it set out in direction of the strip of light that it still revealed its passage in sky. When it was perpendicular to the light, dismay it threw him in earth. Had seen him, was certain of it! Few instants and it raised again him from earth hello to escape, but it was late, the demon witnessed him, to few footsteps and it stared at him/it. Saint remained literally paralysed by the fear to fix that immense dark massive structure that it observed him/it. The cries of Dafne and Sabrina that fixed there the scene terrorized a little anymore in, recalled the attention of the demon. Moved a footstep in that direction, but the occultist suddenly lifted the hand shouting a dry "No!".
The monster stopped instantly him, it aimed its eyes of fire in those of Saint and it knelt him before. The man didn't persuade him of that unexpected reaction of the demon. It was completely esterrefatto. Now that succeeded to see more from near the gigantic massive structure of that devil, stayed even more confused of before. Why had that monster listened to him/it? It quickly reached a simple conclusion.
"What fool I am, it is obvious that if this world is not real and you/he/she is created to rule of art by the mind of someone, I can succeed in changing the course of the events."
But really while it was reflecting on what you/he/she was happening him, the winged being climbed over him/it and directed him as an arrow toward the women to his/her shoulders. Saint turned of release to do in time to see only the demon hover in flight tightening among the hands Dafne.
"No!the occultist " shouted with the whole air of his/her desperate bellows.
But the two outlines in sky already appeared as a lower case letter stain as soon as darker in the obscurity of that livid sky. It was in the dark and it shouted without standstill. He/she cursed, it raved without anybody logic. Madness had extended him a nth shrewd trap to definitely steal him the sense. He/she saw Sabrina that stared at him/it dismayed and worried, with such an illegible look to be scared almost. Also other people had drawn near to the place of the abduction and you/he/she observed him/it with evident resentment. All had seen that demon kneel in front of him when Saint had ordered him to stay. But him which explanation you/he/she could give? Who would have believed never in his/her theory according to which everything of their world in reality didn't exist, drawing the obvious deduction that they didn't even exist? 
He made now only really account that the only bond with his/her past it was Dafne. Only with her you/he/she would have been able to find again the key to free him from that extraneous environment. Opposite, also knowing her/it from so few, admitted to himself of bitter Sabrina, perhaps to the peer of Dafne. You felt enormously responsible towards that creature that had appeared him since the first instant, a foreigner in those earths. A dwarfish crumb of lucidity, but as hard as the point of a diamond, it imposed him to act before that world definitely turned him against its person. Meeting must be directed to Sabrina, that stepped backwards frightened for an instant, but he grabbed him for a hand.
"Listen to me, Sabrina, must trust me. We must go away. We must find again Dafne before is too late. I don't know yet, but I am certain that in her there is the key to return back to my life of before and me I want to bring you with me! You must decide in hurry, however, the events there has never been so hostile as now."
The eyes of the young girl were filled with tears.
"Saint, I don't understand anything. I am afraid of everybody, also of you now! I will be crazy, but I want to put my life in your hands however. Not now, however! Must send away Matteus from my village, I owe him/it to my people and then is a promise that have made when. however if you will wait me, I will follow you anywhere, I swear you him!"
"No, I pray you! It is now that must go, I cannot leave you alone in this chaos."
"I have already decided, I now am not able, but if you will wait me, I will follow you."
Saint cast a glance of sbieco to the old Sam and the three men that drew near threatening. Sabrina kissed on the lips and detached him from her starting to race.
"I will return to take back you, I swear you him!"

XL
Helen combed the red hair of Rossana. They had both I plant you embrace the whole morning because of the injustices and of the violences that Matteus had sentenced them to the whole night. They were also, before those tragic times when their executioner had forced her to have the experiences that would ever have tried during a whole life under normal conditions. They now tried to become distracted, hoping that their fathers reached to break down that door where you/they were confined for saving her from further tortures. You/they had been forced to be completely naked. Matteus had requisition their the dresses, sustaining that so you/they would already have been ready for the bed to his/her return. All of a sudden the house staggered. The girls fell in earth, the whole dish of the kitchen they shattered him on the floor and many fragments they invested her. To the center of the floor it opened an abyss that for few centimeters it didn't swallow her. You/they could howl only, without any possibility to go out of that jail. 
Never as at that time Matteus it was pleased to be the head and to be surrounded by the group of hunters, ready, if necessary, to defend him/it with whatever mean. Malcom, the brother of Fulvio, was really in front of him. You/he/she was inveighing against his/her insane choices that ended in that days.
"Matteus, is unforgivable! Your men have attacked for first the camp, without not even trying the form of the dialogue thing that seemed me to have been established as before solution to be tried. And me, from her them same part of the barricade, has found unfortunately to be attached from that frightened men, that in reality he was simply defending. Matteus, I have killed of my same fellow citizens, people to me so much neighbor that I cannot forgive anymore me what I have done. My brother I believe both succeeded in eliminating the foreigner, but at the price of his/her same life and that of Ivo, his/her friend of infancy that, for irony of the fate, it was found in the opposite barricade to his. You are not able to command this village, you have brought only till now war and destruction. Then, to my return, I come to discover that while I was jeopardizing my same life and I lost my brother for one villainous decision of yours, you allowed your obscenity to pick up my cousin Rossana and to bring her/it to your general quartier for who knows what sinister motive. I hope for you has not done her nothing, otherwise I kill you with my same hands."
Matteus didn't wait anything else other than a public threat against his/her person. To that point it departed definite with his/her answer.
"The choices that have been done they were ineluctable. Unwillingly we have addressed our strengths in that direction to protect our safety. You, come now here and you dare to publicly threaten me of death. I am forced to make you arrest to avoid that your violent attitudes already bring further disarrangement ours devastated condition."
Malcom bursted in a roaring laughter and shouted him against: "You are a crazy criminal!"
"Pick him/it up!"
In the order of Matteus there was the whole joy immediately to free himself/herself/themselves of an uncomfortable enemy. The hunters advanced hesitant to the address of Malcom, while he had already started to make to rotate the ax above his/her head. Few instants and a din it invested the air cutting her/it of clean. A sudden tear opened in the ground and two unlucky hunters they fell in an abyss, suddenly opened him under their feet. At all were looked around frightened while an enormous house-redwood there in the parts it collapsed making to tremble the earth. 
"Thing devil happens now?Matteus " cursed that, lost the balance, four legs you/he/she was found again to really to the course of Malcom.
This last, regardless of what was happening, smiled and it loaded a hit of ax in direction of the head of Matteus. But the hunter with an unbelievable reflex succeeded in immediately gaining the danger and appeased the big man to the height of the life. Malcom, stricken to the unprovided one and by the weight of the ax that brandished above the head, it brusquely ruined in earth, beating the head and almost passing out. Matteus was thrown him above and struck him/it violently in face with a discharge of fists. Then earth still trembled and a crack opened near to the duellists. The hunter raised again him in hurry and ran away leaving Malcom to his/her destiny.
The redwoods started to fall one after the other, the people it messily escaped in all the directions. The panic had taken the upper hand on everybody. Matteus tried with imperious voice to give directives of behavior to that swarm of wandering beings in escape toward the nothing, but it acknowledged soon the futility of his/her fools impositions in front of such a cataclysm. Its look was captured by something that fell down in beaten really from the house that you/he/she had turned into its general quartier. It fixed esterrefatto the lifeless body, unbecomingly immovable in earth. It was Rossana the daughter of the herbalist. A desperate cry on that whole uproar forced him/it to still lift the look. There was Helen, the other girl that had satisfied his/her itches, seized to a piece of furniture of the house exactly disemboweled to half, in unstable balance on the redwood already dangerously tilted. Him same you/he/she had locked her in that house before going out, condemning her so to a sure death. It advanced skidding and more bodies in run awkwardly bumped him/it. He staggered. Owed lean on to a big branch fallen by some redwood to avoid to definitely fall in earth. You/he/she had seen misted her/it and the legs trembled him. It didn't understand what the same it happening, then it noticed some dark drops fall to his/her feet. Instinctively the head and a sharp pain of pain it was felt it appropriated him of him. It withdrew the hand frightened, as if you/he/she had been it same the weapon that had given him that terrible pain. It realized that it was impregnate of blood. You frightened to death. Malcom had opened his head in two with the ax before collapsing in earth! It reflected few instants, the head still feeling himself/herself/itself with trembling hand to appraise the entity of the wound, and it drew a sigh of relief verified him to have only a wide excoriation, perhaps due to something that was fallen him in head during the escape. Then its fleeing look detained him to the feet of the big one I copper to which was supported, maturing on its lips the exclamation "oh, merda!" when it noticed under to that half wood ton the pulped body, almost pits a mature fruit too much fallen by a tree and stamped on by an imprudent passer-by of his/her wife. It didn't ache at all him for that loss, simply he frightened because him made account that he was risking same to lose the life in that chaos. Started over racing hopelessly. He protected ahead suddenly him the scene of a group of men that they uselessly tried to move an enormous trunk demolished by the earthquake, that crushed the legs of a little boy. In that group it recognized some of his/her companions hunters. A voice impetuously called while a hand grabbed him for an arm throwing him/it.
"Matteus! Help us, must throw out my child!"
It was Tommy, one contemporary of his, companion of thousand adventures and his/her trusted soldier during his brief and tormented command to Boscocittà. The ground kept on trembling and didn't give signs to stop. It seemed to be all above a cover and to have under an enormous pentolone full of hot water. Matteus tried to free from the hold of the companion but these, prey to the heat, he/she didn't take care of at all him of his/her continuous denials and it dragged him/it toward the trunk to move. Then Matteus loaded a fist and struck the man in full chest. Tommy stared at him/it in face with empty eyes of ox, surprised. The companion still struck him/it, this time in full face, smashing his nose. He/she saw then the other companions make threatening gestures to his/her address. Matteus turned him on the other side and put again him to race to perdifiato without never turning.
 
Saint had done just in time to reach a clearing. The coniferous sharp pains of the forest bumped him violently the one with the other. They seemed gigantic gone crazy ninepins. Some pines found the space to collapse exhausted in earth, painting the atmosphere with the whole heavy din of their fall. You waited from a moment to the other one of veder to sprout among the trees the enormous bowling ball that it caused that infernal disorder. It noticed the earth that slowly rippled him and it opened showing ghostly abysses dyed of dark. Suddenly it opened him a crack really in front of the feet. He/she succeeded in drawing away before falling you inside. It did however in time to lean out with almost all the body to discover the nothing in that dark depth. 
The panic would have been a comfortable consolation to dissuade its thoughts from another huge effort. But definite to plunge again in throat the terror that was for him to explode inside through a desperate cry and it tried to still strive for understanding. You/he/she had to resort to all of his/her strength of concentration to maintain it arouses the spark of his/her conscience. He/she knew, or better it already realized too things of that world. You/he/she could not afford the luxury to involve him from unaware frequenter of those hostile earths anymore.
"Why does all collapse? Who governs and it decides these events?"
Abundant drops of sweat went down him along the whole back, making him/it tremble as a leaf. And with them, a turbinio of thoughts.
"Why does all collapse? Who governs and it decides these events? If the monster, that was the worse threat up to this moment, my feet you/he/she is bent to when I have summoned him to stay, as I was me his/her master, but then you/he/she has decided his/her initiative to abduct Dafne without I did in time to stop him/it, then it means that he perhaps responds also to the orders of somebody else. If I hypothesized to be me the king of this irreality, there would be also certainly from some part a queen and perhaps with the union of my subconscious and his/her conscience we create and we continually destroy this whole environment. Here because I/you/they have not been at all master of what you/he/she has surrounded me up to this moment. Now, however, it seems that something coop changing, I am finally taking conscience of my self and accordingly I become more master than the external events. Dafne is the queen! This is our surreal world created by the bond of our two Spirits, entered who knows perfect symbiosis for what mysterious formula. But then because you/he/she has so brutally been abducted from that being? And moreover, if the monster obeyed to my subconscious and that of Dafne, whether to repeatedly attach that village, considering that to us it was extraneous entirely?"
Then he/she remembered the incomprehensible words of Sabrina, when you/he/she was confided with Helen his/her friend of infancy. You had admitted to have carved, very before the appearance of the demon with the face of Prometeo, a figurine that perfectly represented him/it. Sabrina escaped thick from Boscocittà, it seemed it hated the serenity and the peace of that place. To more resumptions you/he/she had admitted more expressly it. And then Sabrina would never have born that he gathered him with Dafne. You/he/she had shouted him/it to you hopelessly when you/they were lost in the forest. 
Certain! Was everything clear now! Curse, as you/he/she had been stupid to make himself/herself/themselves trick from that diabolic ragazzina. You had evoked who knows that demon from what cavern of the hell and it now whitened hypothesizing the way in which had succeeded there. It perhaps needed the blood and the sperm of a medium, of someone that had the gift of the veggenza to succeed in activating that horrendous to be. You/he/she had had the whole time to steal him some blood while it was curing him/it, and its seed had given him for you of his spontaneous wish when you/they had made sex the first time in its bed of the convalescence. It now understood more still because that demon had not even grazed him/it, rather you/he/she was shown timorous, in front of him. Not because he/she wanted to obey him, but simply because in him his/her father recognized and knew that destroying him/it, you/he/she would have destroyed even if same. And him from stupid you/he/she was left so to deceive from that girl to get further straight before and then to scrutinize with suspicious Dafne, the only true bond with his/her past. 
Another sibylline voice whispered him the greatest his/her doubtful amletico of that whole tangled matter:
"Then who the truth or the true person responsible of my presence it is here?"
In the meantime, folded up by the hardness and by the frustration of these cogitations, real stabs on the sore of his already tortured conscience, Saint had collapsed in knee in front of the abyss that for a little you/he/she had not swallowed him/it. Instinctively brought him the hands to the face. had remained only him a hand! For God! Would thing ever have had to do?
If once its life didn't have granché sense and preferred to shelter him in the infinitezza of the Spirit, forgetting himself/herself/itself of the chains imposed by its deadly condition, it now begged whoever, God, the alien ones, Buddha, Satan or himself, so that you/he/she was returned him the world where you/he/she had been born. Where everything was grey and predictable, but where he/she succeeded in having a crumb of control of his/her life, although it realized the precariousness and the instability of it. Rivoleva at least an angolino of that cynic and impolite world that you/he/she had been granted to his/her existence. It desired to return to be an anonymous undertaker, only, with some fortune sometimes and the whole time to be devoted to his/her thought. That microscopic space earthling would have been enough for him as footstep of throwing to hover in the free condition of Spirit, that ogniqualvolta lived it detached him from the body to enjoy some endless beauty of its astral trips. 
It swayed his/her aghast attention from the stump that it tried to cover him the left half of the face. His/her mind it assembled him on the plentiful ones, icy drops of sweat that went down him.
The breath he did him strenuous. The air seemed become solid. Big grains of rice that, rather than to feed his/her bellows, clogged them dangerously. 
The drops of its sweat didn't go down, they salivate!
You frantically felt the back with his/her only hand looking for something. Anybody ant, any extraneous body was insinuated him in the shirt. 
Its sweat disobeyed to the gravity of that place!

XLI
Matteus had raced only, for the whole time. Its brain had not been able to build some thought or image that it reapproached him/it to its condition of human being. It was a frightened animal that had to survive, and the instinct had brought him/it in front of the cavern of the witch. It found in front of the entry his/her child, to four legs, tied up with a chain to the neck, totally naked. When it drew near him, it threw a cry of fear. Two empty orbits had taken the place of its eyes.
The hunter warned a presence behind of him. You turned of release and him it found again confrontation with the witch, to few centimeters from his/her face. With a rapid gesture the woman grabbed his hands and if you/he/she premised her on his/her generous breasts.
"Touch me! Hook to possess the men when they are full of fear!"
"Thing you have done to my child?"
"I have simply granted one will of yours. You have told me that he had to not see me. It was too complicated to hold bandages him, so this is seemed me the simplest solution."
Matteus withdrew him aghast and tried to push the witch but her with a hand it grabbed him the genital ones and it started to tighten.
"How rude! Are they ways to treat a lady and for junta one old flame of yours? We do something. I give you an arc of indefinite time. I don't leave the taking, I will always tighten slowly you stronger. If you succeed in doing you him to become hard before becomes impatient me, we happily unite us and I/you/he/she return from of it where you have come. Otherwise it will touch me to put you in hand a mashed potatoes of yours genital, and you will go however from where you have come."
Matteus tried to remove that shut hand on his/her lower part abdomen, but she painfully squeezed him/it.
"Eye, Matteus, is not joking. I grant you all of my body to excite you. You can touch me, to finger me to masturbate. The main point is that all of a sudden excite yourself and make me sweep!"
Matteus was paralyzed to fix stunned the face of the witch, but when it warned that as soon as the pressure increased, it started to touch hopelessly that body everywhere in the vain attempt to excite him. But it was too frightened. It begged her to loosen the vice, so you/he/she would never have done her, but she didn't lend him listening. Struck by a sudden gesture of desperation, it tried to tighten violently the witch's breasts, but it was paralysed when she pierced his genital with the claws. To that point he tried to bite her face, but her bifurcate language was an arrow. It entered him mouth and it tore him of I clean the language. Then, with a rapid gesture, it evirated him/it and it put him in hand that watery soup sanguinolenta ch'erano been a little first his genital. Matteus fell to the ground. They spent quite a lot minutes of cruel agony before its body exhaled the last breath, by now completely bled.

For a puff Sabrina had succeeded to tirar on Penelope, before it fell in an abyss. Escaped the danger, his/her sister embraced him grille. This time the survivors had tried to stay united in the danger, but the cracks, the abysses and the continuous landslides of the ground had divided them soon in small groups that tried hopelessly a solid grip not to be devoured by the abyss that it opened under their feet. Sabrina was held holds next to her his/her mother and his/her sister. The lucidity and the promptness of reflexes with which you/he/she was facing that cataclysm left her/it amazed. It was as if he/she succeeded out in looking from and to manage all of his/her moves with an emotional separation and a concentration typical of the assassins. While it was deciding in hurry on what sod of ground to move and on whether to put the feet to avoid to be swallowed by the cracks, his/her Spirit it observed her/it thoughtful, clearly realizing that the cause springing that turned on change of personality was imputable to the multiple homicide of which was stain in the forest. Whoever kills, even though to defend, spiritually crosses the secret bank of the Lete and it mysteriously ties him to Caronte, acquiring an infernal separation towards the existence. He/she will never be known in life if I/you/he/she were a commune secret affinity that unites the Spirits that vote him to the death or that diabolic imperturbability both simply the indelible stain of a contracted debt with the ferryman of the souls. Perhaps, when a murderous Spirit finds again him in front of its eyes of bragia, Caronte he/she will ask him the correct customs that is up to him for what you/he/she has completed. 
Sabrina had lost sight the other whole gruppettis of friends and relatives that tried to be saved as them from that terrible catastrophe, but in remuneration you/he/she had been very skilled from to find his/her secret oasis. Once crossed the thick bushes that hid that heaven to the sight of the strangers, the three women they made him account with enormous joy that in that place there was no trace of the cataclysm and that the soft grass under their feet was harmoniously in peace with the gravity. They laid down exhausted in earth and you/they could finally calm their limbs terrorized by the fear. 
The time was incalculable in which softly remained dormant in that plain of peace. Sabrina was the first one to awaken from that regenerating sleep. It observed with bitter joy the bank where its beloved Saint had seen her naked. The center of the pond where you/they were reached swimming and you/they were embraced with so much passion that the same water of the pond seemed you/he/she had suddenly become warmer. 
It walked around the perimeter of that mirror of water to stretch him the legs, it cast a protective glance to his/her sister and his/her mother that you/they still slept deeply, and definite to patrol the zone around the oasis. You inserted among the dense bushes, the most natural and sure defense for that place, but it was paralysed of hit miraculously staying seized to a branch. What would have had to be us out of that oasis, there was not more!
The void! A black abyss, without fund, the it looked out upon him in front of the eyes. The terror filled her the bellows, stopping her breath. Its look pushed him anywhere. It was as if the oasis had become a solitary sod of earth that floated in the nothing more absolute. It recrossed the wall of bushes and him it allowed to fall in earth. Was too much!
A so inconceivable thing to be been unacceptable. It bursted in a roaring weeping. He/she cried with everybody herself, how come you/he/she had done before. 

XLII
Only, the occultist advanced crossing narrow paths of sterile earth in unstable balance on the blackest abyss. You was severely always reproached, himself had hated hundreds of times for his/her weak impotence in front of the puissance of that artificial world that continually it suffocated him/it and it crushed him/it. That world was now reduced to the nothing, you/he/she was disintegrated under magically to its unbelievers eyes. There was no more trace of the colors of his/her landscapes, of the sharp pain vegetation that trespassed anywhere in that fertile earth. There was not even more trace of the same earth that had entertained everything that immense to swarm of life and with it all the people that had lived you had also disappeared. Saint had succeeded in loving, to fear and to encounter with varied native of that place what time they appeared in its mind unlikely memoirs, situated in the caverns most distant of its trail existence. You/they would have been able to quietly belong to the many colored image of an overwhelming dream, as some turned it happens. There are certain so real and intrusive dreams that also after the awakening, their memory is alive for years in our mind. 
Sabrina, Prometeo, Ivo, Matteus, Helen, unknown!
Dafne, his/her Dafne was by now only a bitterness smile that rippled the tired face of Saint, making even more it old of as it appeared at that time, now that seemed him to have tried everything. It didn't have desires anymore, neither desires. It didn't try to die and he/she didn't think to as you/he/she would have lived in that atavistic silence. Sadly the snake of earth that its tired feet rode, all of a sudden it widened, as if he had come on the head of that tapered body of reptile. To the summit of that spiazzo it towered he/she tests a bearded thoughtful oak. Saint last two figures of man under to the mastodontic tree. It instinctively reached her, without I handed questions, without being intimidates of it, without the smallest glint of curiosity was not even reawakened in the shadiness of its naked limbs. In one of the two men it recognized the archer that had assisted Sabrina and he in the wood. He/she deduced that the other one had to be the experienced swordsman, in this circumstance to open face. It scrutinized his/her features and they appeared him incredibly family. As it was possible that it also knew so much dettagliatamente that profile if the man kept on giving him the impression to be an extraneous suit?
The archer smiled at him and invited him/it to subsequently draw near. Saint obeyed, mortally maintaining him/it absent look.
"Have reached the terminal, warlike of the hidden one!the man " began in a friendly way smiling him.
A light breeze docilely raised him caressing disarranges her/it head of hair of Saint, that some was cradled to the right and some to the left from the seraphic sigh of that shaky world. To the occultist it seemed to have finally started over breathing at that time only. It had the impression that until then you/he/she had remained trapped in a convalescent apnea, someone who reached to free him the bellows from the cosmic void attending with which was met. It warned the blood flow in his/her brain and to again hydrate the arid his/her sinapsis, reduced to a hypnotic is cataleptic. His/her look he illuminated thanks to the life that restarted to flow in him. The archer he allowed to go to a soft rice that the ears of Saint ran over suddenly shaking him/it. 
"Good morning Saint! Here that you are finally connected yourself to your Spirit. You would not have been able to continue to advance for very in that zombie state in which you had been reduced. You probably risked not to return back. However you must not worry yourself, you don't owe me nothing. Have already put to equal giving me what looked for!" 
Only at that time Saint really succeeded in putting to fire that that it had around. Only he/she now saw really where it was found, realizing amazing himself/herself/itself with amazement of the change of the things around him. There was no sky, there was no earth! Its feet placed on an island of wide earth no more than one hundred square meters. Besides the two men, the only other thing foresees it was the big oak with the so immovable leafy branches to seem you draw on that black background. Black as it was the whole rest, as if you/he/she was suddenly found together with those four terrestrial things in the beautiful mean of the endless universe. You turned of release to be sure of as you/he/she had arrived up to there. The narrow edge of earth that had served its hypnotic walk was still present to its shoulders. But to now look at him/it, with great lucidity, you/he/she was taken by a turned on shiver of fear, asking himself/herself/itself as had succeeded in crossing him/it in a state of almost total trance, without leastly minding to where same putting the feet. As you/he/she had done to win the powerful sense of dizziness what time it seemed to magnetize him/it against his/her wish toward the edge of that afloat spiazzo in the void? He didn't remember where, but from some part you/he/she had read that the dizziness is not fear to fall, but it is fear of that uncontrollable unconscious desire to throw him that he/she takes us of hit to the unprovided one, resurfacing from the deep dark of our existential blanket. Never as at that time it understood so to the perfection that acute reflection. It was forced to put on in knee leaning the hand and his/her stump on the sure earth to him underlying to take back the control on his/her weak equilibrium. There, to four legs, it aimed a severe interrogative look to the address of the two men that you/they stared at him/it impassive. 
"Assembled on your breath, dear Saint, and you take back the control of your conscience. The fear is always the most astute and creeping enemy. You disguises from conscience to suggest us forgeries wise suggestions and lying maternal admonishments while, in reality, it intends only to create the limits to our development and to repress our wish using himself/herself/itself the anxiety, of the depression, feeding so the mistrust in ourselves. When feel to be afraid, dare! Make the most audacious thing that you succeed in imagining at that time, will rout so his/her sordid traps!"
The other man, meanwhile, assisted to the scene without particular interest. On the face you/he/she had painted an expression very detached to make him/it seem an imperturbable statue, put at random there, as that tree and that sod of earth on which all leaned, without any reasonable sense. Saint finally opened mouth and without any preamble he/she asked:
"Tell me what is happening! I want to know the sense of everything this, always admitted that exist!"
The archer, that until then you/he/she had been standing with the fixed eyes on Saint, he bent and it seated under on the soft grass to the oak. It drew a depth breath and it started to speak.
"I believe that you have come to understand that this world is in reality a spiritual artifice. Nothing existed of what you had around and by now we have reached the conclusion of that tangled deception. All the things, the earth, the sun, the sky, the grass that you stamped on and that still stampings, the food that you ate and, alas, the people with which you laced relationships, didn't really exist. They derived from an internal world."
"That internal world is? I have always had the full control of my spirituality. In my astral trips I have always driven my fate, I have always decided what you/he/she would have been better for me."
"I have not spoken at all of your internal world and I have not even spoken of your astral trips through the sacred tides of the Unio Mystica. I report me to the internal world of somebody else. You, I, find us in the spiritual world of another being!"
"As we have made Dafne and I to catapult us in the spirituality of somebody else. You would not be able of it and me of certain have not done him!"
For the first time the mysterious swordsman opened mouth.
"And in fact you have not found together in the spiritual world of a third person. Simply you find only yourself in his/her spirituality!"
The man seemed to make an endless effort to pronounce those few words and immediately after a clear point of pain you/he/she shaded his/her sight forcing him/it to the silence. Saint was deeply disturbed from that revelation, yet it now seemed him so much logic to immobilize him/it from the amazement. However his/her voice, as the majority of the times happens in the human beings, it contradicted its thought.
"No, it is not possible, because I would ever have wanted to enter the conscience of Dafne? I would never allow me a thing of the kind, would be worse whether to rape her/it!"
While Saint exploded with its denial in front of that possibility, it got up standing and it advanced reaching a distance less of thirty centimeters from the mysterious character that had spoken. The man not stirred of a millimeter so, both too much proud, they were forced to reciprocally settle in the eyes. 
To sustain that look was something that both regretted it, but two nobody succeeded in doing otherwise desisting in front of that fool challenge.
The archer scrutinized the occultist betraying a certain tension that imperceptibly rippled his/her forehead.
"Saint, if you do me the complaisance to take a seat and to give us the possibility to convince you some ineluctable fact what time we find us in the conscience of Dafne or better, in that that it stays some her internal self, at least to this dimensional level, I will be thankful of it and then I will pretend above all your thankfulness for what I am you to disclose. I know that your mental opening and the development of your eye clairvoyant they will succeed in following the amazing revelations that you must learn from my mouth. I confide, however, that you succeed to maintain the calm and the necessary lucidity to bear the immanent impact to the ground that will suffer your conscience. As I told you poc'anzi, we find us among what it stays some Spirit of Dafne in this dimension, that is not that terrestrial and that ancestral of the Beings doesn't even Overcome, where the majority of his/her Spirit he is rejoining for ricompletarsi. I want to disclose you first the physical and real things that you have lived in this environment so that, through such concrete explanations, I can bring as soon as you up to the origin of this whole matter. You must everything accept the fact that the things around you, in this adventure, they have been since principle a projection of the Spirit of Dafne; they fed him and they lived in relationship to it, without having any autonomy and without any possibility to free him from that condition. I already know that you have succeeded with sum sagacity in understanding the deception and to disclose the pretense of the surrounding world. Now however you must strive to understand you that also all the people that you have known, without any distinction the one from the other, belongs to Dafne or, to be more precise, is the energetic reflex of a part of the Spirit of Dafne and nient'altro. They don't really exist from any part and solo in this determined context the Spirit of Dafne you/he/she has revealed the variegated facets of his/her energy under these semblances, coadiuvate from your presence that interfered and it helped in turn to mould those figures. Who have seen, who have known, by now has been! A Spirit is always in continuous evolution and its endless energetic cells you/they can never stereotype him in a date, rigid defined figure. Everything and all were work of the spiritual energy of Dafne except a being.
Saint smiled and instinctively pronounced to fior of lips the name of Sabrina. The face of the archer withdrew him continuing its narration.
".anzi two beings. The wise man, had gi discovered by you to be an emanation of your conscience. The other figure is instead, unfortunately, the demon that infested that place. It was another part of your conscience that in all the ways it tried to destroy that artificial world to free you from the spell. Saint, that girl has never existed and will ever exist, neither now, neither never!"
The smile of Saint petrified him on its face. Of a line relived the whole entrancing even though brief experience that had tasted with Sabrina. The sweetness and her energy could not derive from a cruel deception. It boomed ill-omened in his/her mind darkened by the pain the oath that as soon as few instants before you/he/she had done her: would have returned to pick her/it up! You/he/she had promised him/it to you after having kissed her/it, with his/her fixed eyes in those of her. No, could not be a deception, a projection of that deceptive accursed I husk! Yet all the knots came to the comb with the exhaustive description of that foreigner, apparently relaxed and shinily detached by the unbelievable backstages that as soon as went disclosing. Who was really he? Suddenly Saint had the instinct to fling against the impassibility of that man to be sure of its Royal existence. Who knows, perhaps in the instant in which you/he/she had struck him/it you/he/she would be exploded as a bead of soap. But Saint held back that destructive impulse. It realized to still need of the lucidity that extraneous so that it disclosed him the thing that pressed more perhaps at that time him to know. It handed him the direct question, all of a breath.
"Where Dafne is, now?"
The archer smiled satisfied. It was from the beginning of the conversation with the occultist that waited for the moment in which that fundamental question would be jumped out, that would have clarified once and for all the condition in which Saint concerned. 
"I premise, remembering you that you are in the Spirit of Dafne, everything that that we have around is Dafne. However, if you report yourself to the Dafne in meat and bones, as you have known her in this dimension, I must give you a terrible news. There that Dafne is dead. You/he/she has been the demon, that as I remember you it is a projection of your conscience that wanted to free you to kill her/it. Don't fear, to die in this dimension, as in all the others, it means to change to change. You are not here but probably it already has another density that you cannot certainly see with your limited human possibilities and almost surely, even if I saw her/it, you would not recognize her/it at all. You has lost his/her battle. It is as if your monster had made crazy chessman to the king; to be more precise, in this case we should speak of queen. The game is ended, the game is defeated. You desired your Spirit to stay joined to his, you/he/she has used all the weapons to his/her disposition, but your ensign has foiled his/her plans."
Saint bursted in a bitter laughter.
"You would want to make me believe that that demon is in reality the good samaritano reached to save me killing the cruel witch that held here me chained? I start to suspect that you are a rather skilled impostor and some too much sure of itself. If we are really in the Spirit of Dafne, the rivoglio here I want to speak to her, I want that is her to explain me everything of person, among my braccias.
The last words of Saint were strangled by a turned on burst of desperate hiccups that you/they did him/it violently to start. The imperturbability of the man in front of the accusation of Saint inviolata remained. There was no sign of irritation on his/her face, rather its expression seemed to purchase a merciful light while patiently it was declaring to Saint:
"The last possibility to be with her has proposed you him herself, but you have not accepted her. You were too much desirous to discover the truth. And so you/he/she has been given you the truth in exchange for the renouncement to Dafne. You will ask yourself because she has not expressly spoken to you. The Dafne that has been nearby you in this dimension didn't have the complete picture of thing it was happening. The succession of the events lived with the same awareness with which you lived them. Despite you I often accused him of insincerity, she in reality knew the same things that you knew respect to that mysterious events and the paradoxical adventure in which you have been catapulted. The only difference between you and her was that inside Dafne there was an instinctive voice that exhorted her/it to conquer otherwise totally the love and the trust of its beloved Saint you/he/she would have lost him. Its superior Spirit spoke to her in dream, it admonished him to tie deeply to you, to do so that you blindly trusted her, so you would have allowed its Spirit to tie to yours, remaining so laced, if not properly to the terrestrial dimension, at least in a limbo, where you/he/she would have been able to enjoy whenever of your presence every you would have connected to your spiritual dimension. Dafne with his/her Spirit panted to be nearby simply you. 
In all the histories of the world the devil represents the unknown one that frightens and you/he/she has always been painted from all the religions of the world or better from those people that interpreted to them comfort the Sacred Writings as the worse evil, the abyss that any pious soul would have had to avoid with all the strengths. But the truth, as you know, it is well other. These charlatans' goal to head of the great religions of the world is the manipulation of the human mind so that people subdue him to the constituted power, without I handed too questions. What they try to paint as the absolute evil as the devil, the being with the feet caprini, provided of horns and with an insatiable thirst of blood, it is instead a prophet a carrier of light. The greatest contradiction in the interpretation of one of the most important religions of the world is really in the term in which you/they treat the enemy of God, leaving him however its native ambiguous name rather, Lucifero, that carrier of light literally means. The truth, in fact, is that in the Sacred Texts the devil represents he who you/he/she brings the fàce of the knowledge, the to know to the man. It is the rebellious angel that is freed by the divine slavery to know and to draw near to the men. It is the Prometeo of the people monoteisti. 
You have chosen the road of the truth that however, as in all the choices that they take, hands to you determine consequences. If you have chosen the disenchantment, the lacking truth from every compromise, here that you have had to lose by circumstance the faithful love of Dafne that you would have been able to feed only having faith in her.
If a man marries the love for the wisdom, unfortunately, going to fund more and more, sooner or later you/he/she will risk to be without the warm comfort of a faith or an any belief that relieves his responsibility of his to act and of his to think in front of the inevitability of the human stories.
It misses only to remember the anchorage with which your Spirit is tied to your dimension before undertaking this spiritual trip and in a flash you will find again yourself to house, in your world of origin."
"My anchorage.
The abstruse words of the man had operated in Saint a series of internal mechanisms what time they autonomously stirred decontrolling locks of mysterious doors inside its psyche, reducing her endless and inarrivabili possibility that hardly succeeded in realizing with its eye clairvoyant, in an only simple and directed path. You looked around and the dark of that extraneous universe instantly seemed him more dish, less appalling than that that it appeared him few instants before. Also the earth chestnut dark, disseminated of thin threads of grass tiredly emerged by the opacity of that ground, where they leaned his/her feet, suddenly it seemed more docile, almost yielding under to the wish of his/her ready legs to devour that brief path that separated him/it from the reality of his/her body, that attended him/it in the terrestrial dimension. It fixed the calm oak, silent and patient in attends him of his/her ineluctable destiny, ready to be rout by the wish of Saint that was reawakened to rhythms by now dizzy. Instant after instant, every spiritual cell of the occultist resurfaced from that long numbness to ransom to big voice its power on the things. Its legs knew whether to go even if its deceived eyes didn't see the I continue of some walk around that edge of earth suspended in the void, even if its weak rationality still tried to warn him/it in front of the dizziness that that atro abyss aroused him. The key missed only him the anchorage that the archer had spurred him to look for. Fixing his/her look in the depths black eyes of that man, Saint was certain that these it already knew the answer to the final question that exploded liberatoria from its bellows.
"You know qual is the key!"
And while it was pronouncing that sentence, his well trained intuition completed the whole puzzle of his to cogitate. It happened really while you/he/she was pronouncing those words and his/her look imperceptibly stirred toward the other man ch'era been passive for the whole time, absorbed in the shade, almost to try to make to lose his/her traces to the eyes of Saint or to make to lowly forget the echo of his/her image that tried to already fade in that minimale context. Saint recognized him/it, was Charles Monteghini the dead husband of Dafne! You/he/she had put again in sixth himself the face of that man, dead tragically in that violent crash of his/her Ferrari against an anonymous guardrail.
It aimed the fire of his/her look against the archer and it pronounced the final verdict of his/her extreme lucubrations.
"The key are you, my edotto orator! I don't know at all the motive for which has chosen you as anchorage for this astral trip of mine. I have sunk my soul reporter in all the dusty caverns where my self guards the history of my memoirs, but I has not found your face. However the intuition is totally always deprived of fault and you you represent its final target. I will perhaps discover the mystery of this choice when me riapproprierò of my body and my dimension of origin."
The archer then smiled lifting the hands to the sky and everything to a line Saint didn't see anything, then you/he/she didn't feel, then he didn't know anything than that world, then of himself. 

XLIII
Why would you/he/she have had to wake up him? That warmth softly cradled him/it, it held him/it narrow among persuasive, invisible braccia that concealed him/it to the cruelty of the life. That maternal shade emanated an idyllic odor, attractive as if you/he/she had been sweet, even if in reality it properly was not sweet. He/she knew of flowers of field and at the same time of woman just gone out of the water and later kissed immediately by the heat of the sun, he/she knew about the coolness of a fall montana, of the soft perfume of a pup just wakened up, of joy and of love, of silence and of peace. In that salvificos limbo could finally choose not to choose to be free from the weary subdued human condition to the ineluctable decisions imposed by the free will. Surrounded and blessed by the love of that all, despite him he/she didn't take care of him of nothing, it didn't act to any level, it didn't desire any thing. It was again in the abdomen of the eternity, again freed by the nudity of the human confinements and by the suffocating belts of the conscience. 
"What other?" did he/she wonder "that other?"
But the eccentric instinct of the mechanics of its body shattered in a real beating of eyelash that mysticism reached ecstasy. They were the eyelids not to hold up the sudden entry of that powerful Spirit that connected again him through the soul to that vacant and immovable body. They opened wide him of reflex, allowing the external light to hurt the sleeping pupils, painfully waking up again the whole human car of Saint and forcing his/her Spirit to risedersi to the cockpit of that body that up to a little before it apparently seemed dead. With work it owed riaccettare the sharp pain sentence of the gravitational strength that burdened even on his/her most imperceptible gesture filling him/it of responsibility and heaviness. The sterile bones of its face pressed tyrants the timid softness of its cheek. But there was some soft velvet to make of antagonist to that oppression. Delicate and perfumed of ambrosia was that chaste back that prevented the head of Saint to fall in earth. The numbness slowly dismissed him from all the secluded meander of that forgotten body returning the burden to reactivate its impolverata dynamism to Saint. Taken conscience to have among the braccias an irresponsible body of woman. She was completely naked! It warned among the hands the rotunda sinuosity of lukewarm breasts. It perceived the intimate heat of firm buttocks glued to his/her pube. He was completely naked! The impelling need to know where it was found it aroused him/it violently. Its eyes rotated hysterical to snatch more information possible respect him around and meanwhile its body got up and crossed disorientated and heavy the first footsteps in that atra dimension. That other dimension that then was his! Recognized the room! The elegant room decorated as you/he/she had been the ancient palace of Cleopatra. The purple curtains were still dams, impendendo to the light to penetrate. 
There was also the dormant young girl that Dafne had given him with a gesture of pretense anger. That young pale body appeared him of shoulders, he/she almost wanted to conceal the intimacy of its alcove and Morfeo against the back of that sinful red couch.
"Then was everything one astral trip!it " began, suffered a sudden dizziness that outrageously nauseated him/it.
In few instants it found again on all four him to in earth to throw back all of this that its stomach could contain at that time. To on all four! Both the hands planted on the floor! Had both the hands! That visceral pain was accompanied by the lavish joy of its head that rambled, yes, but of joy and eloquent esondava of thanks toward whoever or anything, toward himself and I pour the austere gravity that nailed him/it to the ground braking his risky hovering motion. With renewed safety it got up from earth. It was himself, completely himself. It noticed with extreme joy that its body was such and what to as you/he/she had left him before falling dormant on that accursed couch. It was still Saint Black, an undertaker of the city more polluted and darkeggiante of Italy, his/her accursed Milan. It was in the villa Monteghini, where by now it resided from more than three years beside the most villainous and scheming woman that had ever known, the eccentric countess Dafne Monteghini. It opened wide the door of the immense saloon where you/he/she had absolutely been once irresponsible for for him indeterminable. As soon as it crossed the long corridors of the stately house, leaning out himself/herself/itself of time in time in the whole myriad of rooms that composed the vastness of that sumptuous palace, his/her memory it aroused him reconstructing the complete picture of that instants. When its look detained him on a severe clock to pendulum, thoughtful in the darkest angle in a room, in the patient attended to articulate with its deep voice the salient points of the temporal life of the human beings, it realized to now have slept perhaps no more than a quarter of. You very clearly remembered his/her return to house toward the five. You/he/she had undertaken that insane performance with the beautiful countess and then, before collapsing dormant beside that extraneous, candid young girl, had cast the last drowsy glance to the hands of the clock marking the five and quarantacinque. Now the implacable precision of the severe car storm marked you are her in point. You/they would be been able to be you are also her of a whatever day distant months or also years from his/her last state of vigil in that dimension, but by now, in his/her cuor, he/she knew that truth was all contained in the secret and mysterious brevity of as soon as fifteen minutes.
A whole life can have passed drowned in the piattume and then incappare in the ineluctable fatality of a minute solo to see his/her own upside-down life toward the most paradisiacal rebirth or toward the quickest, deadly conclusion. A love at first sight, a genial intuition to the apex of a devoted life totally to an extreme study, to guess a fortunate combination of numbers, incappare in he who will be our patron or our assassin, to skid for shattering with his/her own auto, to be reached by a bullet, the apex of an intense emotion to be betrayed to from our same heart. Of how much second have need each of these events to make to inexorably turn our life?
Now it more ever had need to know where Dafne was. The instinct immediately brought him/it on the ramp of marmoreal staircases that conducted to the superior plan, for then to fork the long corridor and to find really in front of the room from night of the countess. Crossed the whole journey to an insane speed, almost pits the same gravity to drag him/it in that direction, beyond his/her same wish. The door was closed to key, but perhaps he/she already knew him/it that you/he/she would have had to force that entry. With his enormous amazement realized at that time only to already have among the hands an ax. The obvious consequence was that to shatter to suon of hits that wooden obstacle to its thirst to know. The room was perfectly in order, there was no anybody trace of Dafne that made to suppose at least one recent passage of his. It started confusedly rummaging in the enormous chest of drawers in front of the imposing bed to canopy, then in the various drawers of the piece of furniture from toilet, among thousand cosmetic, creams, vials of perfume of whatever dimension, from the most varied colors. It finally came to upset on the bed the content of the comodinis and among all the endless objects he/she immediately jumped to his eye an old photo in black and white. The takings holding her/it hold to the angles with everybody and two the hands, as you/he/she had been as a precious delicate object, and it approached him to the face staring at her/it for endless seconds to a palm from the nose. That young, with in arm a baby of perhaps three years, was him, was the archer that had disclosed him the whole one defrauds of that fiabescos I husk that had dreamt! The lines of the baby, were so family then. His/her great pointed black eyes slightly to the sides, those small rosy lips that precociously they preannounced already the prosperous fleshness of which would be composed from adult, the nasino to the insù and that so pale complexion to be seemed transparent. Dafne! It immediately turned the photo. There was a sentence written with a beautiful handwriting in the cursive typical of who has always and only writing with pen and calamaio.
"To my precious daughter, that my soul will always protect, wherever you are found. Your dad, Giuliano."
Then had been the father of Dafne together with the dead husband to have disclosed him the mystery of that hermetic I travel! 
Now Saint wondered if those figures in its dream represented only one imagination of his or if the two dead persons had really come until in its psyche to save him/it from that abyss, interrupting the ineluctable fate to which went toward. Who knows then if you/they were really saving him/it or they were intents to complete another it totally operates still to him unknown. It allowed to fall in earth the old photo and while it clearly estranged from his/her hand riaffiorava in his/her head the memory of the astral trip in which you/he/she had known the history of Giuliano. In that instant it clearly saw the image of the young bohemien again, before intent to conquer the fascinating Jasmine, then the beautiful Katrine and subsequently become father, to take takes care of him of the favorite his/her Dafne. It had the clean impression to be him discovery in the context of an ancient Greek tragedy, where every character had a well defined role and fully accepted its destiny and the total abnegation of the really me. He stayed the only solitary to be to fight with all of his/her strengths against a merciless fate, without however of it to ever come to head. Was something to definitely lose us the head! The only his/her desire, that also coincided with its most impelling need, was that of riabbracciare its countess, to be able to pour again the whole experience of its Spirit to its feet, to finally seek the peace and her pardon for its greatest error, that not to have her/it narrow estate among the braccias since the first instant, not allowing to any of hands him her street. It didn't interest him more to know every backstage of that truth, that more he disclosed and more it seemed twisted and sibylline. It seemed to play with an endless matrioska. To the inside us n'era always another, but the dimensions of the dolls didn't decrease, rather they seemed terribly to magnify who knows him for what diabolic sorcery. 
"Dafne!he/she called " her/it attending in vain her answer.
You laid down then on the bed and among those perfumed sheets it imperceptibly warned the divine aroma of his/her dame. The desperation seemed not to find peace in its defeated mind. Among the smokes of that incessant pain that it darkened his/her sad limbs it reappeared the image of the naked young girl, abandoned of shoulders on the couch. It tiredly got up from that bed soaked with tears and it dragged him following the invisible echo of that memory. After a few minutes it again had before that red couch where the young girl had nearly been immovable in the same position. It drew near to her and it seated on the edge of the couch, beside his/her back, it lowered the head and it greedily inhaled the young fragrances that that body emanated. They were so family. Gently it turned the shoulders of the young girl to observe her/it of forehead. Was it true what he/she saw? The life around him kept on appearing as a horrendous game made around of coincidences and takings. It was not really possible what he/she saw. Was the most astute I deceive. at least the pious ones succeeded. within that minute! Had been everything one deception, therefore not being is us some possibility for the truth not to even reveal for an instant, equivaleva to admit that the same deception was the most incontestable reality of its existence! You/he/she would never have wanted to believe us in his/her cuor, yet still that dormant young girl was Sabrina. Then of sudden her eyes opened striking by lightning him/it with a disorientated look and frightened. The young girl he threw on hit from the couch pushing Saint away from her.
"Oh my God! And you who would be?"
Just in that breaker she realized to be naked, as after all it was also it the occultist, parish priest absolutely not being himself/herself/itself to dress again him after his/her awakening. The girl, with an immense effort, the succession of the events remembered before an excessive numbness brought her/it to collapse dormant. Two hours of insane love you/he/she had passed saffico with the beautiful countess Monteghini. Had been a dream! That fascinating woman was interested in the art of his/her pictures and you/he/she had invited her to his/her house to show her his/her one man show gallery of art and to share their identical love for the figurative art. Then you/he/she was found again to recite in that insane game together with the countess, incited and plagiarized by the refined person ability of seduction of Dafne. The folly you/they were loved to on that regal red couch sinned up to that the girl had not fainted, won by to like. 
Who was that man? he/she wondered. It warned the fear to have who knows perhaps salesclerk how much other lascivious sins with that extraneous, without not even having realized, stunned by the pleasure that it darkened her the reason or even drugged to his/her insaputa. Saint stared at her/it stunned, as they settles the ghosts. Then it turned him to her with extreme confidence.
"Sabrina! That man has lied me, I thought that I would not have you more magazine!"
The terror on the face of the girl exponentially increased.
"Who Sabrina is? I regret but I don't know her/it at all. You/he/she has exchanged me of certain for qualcun'altra. Where is the countess?"
While it was pronouncing these words it nervously grabbed his/her shed suits on the floor dressing himself/herself/itself in hurry and fury, without never dissuading his/her frightened look from the outline of Saint that stayed unarmed, bewildered by the unexpected reaction of colei that for him it was unquestionably and without shade of doubtful Sabrina.
The occultist, to I exhaust him/it of his/her strengths, it forked the great front door that gave on the central spiazzo of the enormous garden of the villa. It allowed the gravity to defeat him/it and it ruinously fell on the gravel of the long road that brought to the exit of the villa. While it was falling it returned far him to the mind a sentence of the archer of that world.
"I confide that you succeed in maintaining the calm and the necessary lucidity to bear the immanent impact to the ground that will suffer your conscience."
He/she didn't take care of him to brake the fall with the braccias, leaving so that his/her bones impattassero violently to the ground. He/she didn't even mind to protect the face from the sharp ones, thin pebbles that composed that rough pavement. Its face was hurt, it painfully lacerated him pouring again dense gushing out blood from the cheek and from the temple. Finally the nth physical suffering to tentar to arouse his hallucinated Spirit, without more anchors, in nanny of the endless ocean of the possibilities. You/he/she would have wanted to have more courage, inflicting himself/herself/itself great pain to succeed in definitely arousing his/her drowsy being. To go to the extremity noblest of the pain and chivalrously to die of it of that action, to reach so the full ransom of his/her soul, of his/her Spirit, of his/her psyche or of anything of him pits still in his/her possession. The immobility of that desolating desperation lasted brief instants, then its thirst of truth, that could be unmasked by now perhaps her simply defining her/it thirst of folly or onirico desire to definitely defeat its shiny humanity, it exhorted him/it to get up for continuing its one man show search. 
"Returns in you, Christ! Are you almost so stupidly returned to the origin of this intrigue and throws the sponge?it " shouted to tall voice, while its wish still hoisted that painful body.
It reentered in hurry in the house and he/she ascertained the damage provoked him in front of a mirror. Half turned was a mask of blood. The cut on the cheek was not deep, but thin deposits you/they were inserted in the wound, risking to infect her/it. What irritated him/it more it was the evident hit that had suffered the eye. The whole side of the right eyelid, included the arc sopraccigliare, they were so swollen and swollen not to allow him anymore the use of the eye, without counting then the pain that had to the ribs inhaling the air; a pair of ribs if the era cracked of sure.
"I was not enough happy to have recovered my hand, had to leave us an eye to make executes to my joy Christ!Saint again " cursed, this time fully tasting that curse.
You directed to the playpen and it found again his/her Jaguar to wait for him/it. It slipped you inside and it departed to all gas toward the wisest place that his/her mind it knew, the morgue of square Gorini, crossroad of all the souls, last secret casket where they confessed their vicissitudes, their fears, their taller aspirations. The road for that place was totally occupied by an endless cord of motorcars in tail that impietosamentes braked the arrival of Saint to the last hopeful beach of his to wander about. The man was still very estranged by the modern world that the nauseating smokes of the gases of unloading and the deafening noise coming from that terrible crowd of motors they stunned him/it extremely. It labored to sustain himself/herself/themselves shiny and to pay only attention to the road with an eye. All of a sudden its auto went to collide with violently the vehicle that preceded her/it. The all happened to some kilometer from craves him destination. Saint didn't take care of at all him what happened and steering the more possible tried to surpass the collided with auto, but he protected ahead him an annoying to be in jacket and tie that it started to shout him against incomprehensible words, accompanying its rambling speech with hysterical gestures of the braccias. The tail of firm auto to its left prevented him from continuing the manoeuvre. Definite to take the escape jumping on the sidewalk, it geared the back, but it still bumped against another auto behind of him. In an instant also the other collided with motorist gone down by the mean shouting. The Jaguar was trapped between the two motorcars and the occultist you/he/she could not do anything else other than to open the counter and to go out for continuing afoot. The man in jacket and tie surprised him acknowledging himself/herself/itself the ugly wounds that Saint brought in face.
"But she is wounded! Is firm there. I immediately contact the centodiciotto."
Saint surpassed him/it without not even deigning him/it of a look. The other motorist, a youth on the about thirty, very more determined and nervous of the other, it grabbed Saint for an arm.
"Hey, imbecile, that you are spiced? Where do you believe to escape? You call the police, he/she knows me that the auto is rubat. 
It was a heading of Saint in full nose to extinguish the resentful determination of the young one. While the occultist, to the height of the folly, it was pushed of run away from that place, the stricken boy to the unprovided one it bursted in childish hiccups, raped in the pride by that unknown crazy person. In few instants this last made to lose his/her traces to the eyes of the so many curious that had tried to follow him/it. After a raced rocambolesca the occultist mixed him anonymous among the crowd of passers-by that filled the sidewalks of the dismal metropolis. It walked of big lena, despite the pain to the ribs it persisted indomitable. The wounds to the face seemed to bleed less, even if to totally stop the hemorrhage you/they would surely have been necessary of the points of suture. At the end, after so many pangs, it came in front of the bleak building, unique representative of the middle line for all the dead people violently in the entourage in Milan, where their souls would be been able to ransom or impietosamente to damn. It crossed the door of entry, a pair of people with still drawn the death in face it was about to the exit accompanied by two elderly police officers. Saint covered halves the face swollen with the hand not to arouse the attention of that strangers. It knew to memory that place. The colleague immediately noticed to the counter that cast every now and then a distracted glance to the address of the entry with to do annoyed while its attention was all assembled under on the small television instrument to the counter. Saint studied the correct moment, it lowered on all four then without making to be perceived and it slunk away beyond it brings her/it to glasses that it brought to the long corridor and the various inside rooms of the morgue. A sense of dizzy horror took possession him as soon as of its body it proceeded, already looking for her/it key note that would definitely have shattered its transitory tenacity. It came, after having looked for in all the cells frigorifere, to the last room, that where the corpses were prepared for being redelivered then to the enterprises of funeral pomps for the last turn in the external world, among the clamors of the meat of the alive ones, to postpone to their funeral. It opened trembling the door. He/she heard the echo of the television coming from the superior plan. The colleagues were all crowded ones in front of the screen. The violent clamor of vulgar cries, accompanied by the noise of agitated applause, they made to already start the precarious nerves of Saint.
"Gol!they " shouted in choir that awkward bipeds.
Saint smiled bitterly to the preponderant emotion that made him/it tremble as a leaf. That instant would be been able to be also for him the definitive gol of that whirling existential game to which so much seriously you/he/she had played. It finished opening wide the door, it found the interrupter of the neons to memory on the right. There was some lightning of artificial light and during that intermittent shine, also he to fior of lips pronounced with bitter sarcasm:
"Gol!"
It was true, if with true it is defined anything that we see and we can touch with hand, even if by now Saint, in his/her cuor, he/she didn't believe in those characteristics of the truth anymore. You/he/she can be said that in that breaker it was forced to accept the incontestable illusion that veiled his eyes with the bloodiest tears that its Spirit could drip. Was her! Stretched out elegantly on that vernacular bed of metal that cooled her the body. Had to be still for strength warm that body! It owed for strength to become animated that dame and to give back his necessary courage to face his/her next breaths. Dafne was very beautiful, tidied up just as him you/he/she had systematized her to the time of the simulation of his/her theatrical funeral.
"You have taken there so much taste to witness to your funerals, not to be able of it more to do to less. My Mrs., bushels making an attempt to the patience of your darlings. Then you have made to systematize from another, this doesn't do me certain favor. Would you want to also throw to me an ugly joke?the man " whispered, to a volume as soon as perceivable from the outside, then of sudden a thunder exploded by his/her mouth.
"Dafne!"
You/he/she had found some air in that bellows emptied by the iniquity of the life to pronounce once more that powerful symbol that represented her name. But there was not any echo, anybody answer to lick up his/her hearing, orphan of her. It approached to the pale countess and it tried to arouse her/it from that gloomy sleep, but not as soon as its polpastrellis grazed her the lifeless cheeks, the glacial cold mortifero it seemed to break him with a roaring lightning of sentence all the veins of his unadorned I mantle. It was the eternity to send away the ignominy of his/her unworthy deadly body. You/he/she would not have been able anymore to have some contact with her, the seal of the absolute one you/he/she had been engraved forever on the last door of contact among that two Spirits. You/he/she was ended, forever, definitely, a certain separation as the contours around the mystery that we call Death.

XLIV
It was the evening of one of the endless dimensions of the absolute one, Saint opened the eyes, there was a white sky to overhang him/it. The relativity of a light to the neon reflected him opaque on the metallic framework in front of him that it labored to recognize. You looked around disorientated. A that of terror took possession him of him, the right hand it was felt and smiled. It had his/her hand. After an indefinite time the contours of that place became him known: it was a room of hospital. Softly it tried to rise again from the bed, but a warm voice of woman invited him/it to stay stretched out. The occultist turned him toward the door where a cinquantenne had entered that, according to one its glance, had to personify before the part of a physician. Glasses from the loyal fitting and a white white uniform of ordinance constituted the first elements that you/they immediately jumped to the eyes of an observer. That figure was so much descent in its role of physician to become almost invisible beyond its profession.
"Coop calm, Black signor, has now only to rest. There is not anything of which must worry, but for this night we will hold her/it here under observation."
Is it possible that every whenever Saint reopened the eyes, was it always found of forehead a new scenery to have to face? It was exhausted, it had need than at least a week of complete monotony.
"Doctor, can be so kind to explain me everything, considering that I don't absolutely remember anything?"
The physician scrutinized him/it worried.
"He/she knows to call Saint Black?"
"Certain! For now I still know my name, they miss here me correct the preceding events to my arrival."
The doctor drew a breath of relief.
"Oh, badly! You were at work when you/he/she has had a shortcoming and you/he/she has fainted beating violently in earth. Of the ugly wounds you/he/she is gotten in face, of which however you/he/she must not be worried, will want us some time but they will perfectly recover. It also has the scene and the sixth right rib cracked, always because of the fall. A cerebral damage immediately is supposed, considering that she has labored a lot before taking back knowledge, but the tac has not underlined any lesion, therefore I suppose that its brain has taken advantage of the situation to detach the thorn and to rest some. Know, it sometimes happens to the hyperactive people, all of a sudden the mind autonomously decides, against the wish of the owner that exploits too much her put on in stand-by!"
Saint stared at her/it to open mouth, not so much for what was telling him speaking of its trauma, how much rather for the cause of the wounds that was gotten. You/he/she had not absolutely fallen to job, or better, even if all of a sudden you/he/she had fainted to the morgue, surely those wounds if it brought behind her from at least two hours before. A family shiver crossed his back. He/she remembered him that drop of sweat that challenged upward the gravity ripercorrendo his/her backbone from the lower part. In that breaker it had of forehead the image of the sbriciolamento of the artificial world of Boscocittà. Now, how much those vicissitudes were distant that had exhausted him/it over every limit. It was abducted from an uncontrollable anxiety. It got up of release from the bed.
"Where my suits are?"
"Coop I calm, Black signors, are in the locker."
Then Saint opened wide the shutter. It rummaged in the pants, it found you the portfolio, the keys of house and nient'altro.
"The keys of the auto! Where am I/you/they?"
"Signor Neri, this is a serious hospital! Evidently when you/they have brought her here it didn't already have her. And now he put back, is a purely professional suggestion!" sbottò the doctor, going out of the vexed room.
Saint focused for remembering the succession of the last events engraved in its memory. It saw the tamponamento in tail again, the colluttazione with a man and his/her escape. It was obvious that the keys had remained you insert in the picture of the auto. Also returning now back, you/he/she would not have found the mean anymore, surely removed by the police it sews together on the place. It now looked for hopelessly signs to testimony of the truthfulness of his/her life. To the sudden one it not only warned distant the world of Sabrina, but even everything of his/her mistake with the beautiful countess.
"Oh my God, Dafne! I have touched her in this dimension, had really died!"
You nervously a hand to suffocate the hoarse cry of pain that exhaled from the deepest part of himself. The tears made him/it blind for some instants, it slowly restarted then to see the forms of that narrow world that it surrounded him/it again. You dressed. Escaped out, I pour another truth the nth one! If inevitability was already manifested other times relative, you/he/she would also have had to still respect this characteristic of his. It was a hope nient'altro. It came again in front of the morgue. This time entered platealmente, regardless of the colleagues that jolted seeing him/it to him ripiombare before so early. "Black, does thing do us here?"
Saint didn't have neither explanations, neither words for anybody, his only objective was the room where you/he/she had seen for the last time Dafne. Crossed the corridor in hurry and fury and it opened wide after all the last door. It launched a cry of terror. It returned back and it shouted to the address of the colleagues that you/they looked at him/it frightened, as if they had to whether to do with a ghost.
"Where the countess is Monteghini?"
"Who?they " did them in choir.
"The woman in the room fifteen."
The most elderly of the men advanced of some footstep setting himself/herself/itself threatening to few Saint centimeters.
"After his/her sumptuous funeral I believe has already walled up her in his/her beautiful chapel of family, don't you find? Black, six a maniac crazy person, has for a long time the suspect that sweeps here your death inside and you now comes even there to shout against, as if we had stolen your fidanzatina of turn from you. If could chase yourself from this place, would have taken a long time ago already you to kicks in the culo!"
Saint whitened. It was not possible. It missed him of hit the air; it went out out of run to breathe the coolness of that atrocious evening. More tears plentifully ploughed him the face. He/she cried for the loss of his/her divine lover, that realized now only to infinitely have beloved. You/he/she had passed together you the last three years of his/her life and now, in front of the horrendous discovery of his/her death, the stregua was treated to of an extraneous, of a crazy person that chatters senseless words. Anybody among the few people that belonged to the sphere of his/her narrow world he/she knew about the bond that intervened between the countess and he. It strongly started to doubt of his/her mental health. It crossed the melancholy Gorini plaza, now clear of of the autos that as soon as a handful of times they horribly saturated her/it before. It reached an automatic distributor of cigarettes. It had need to inflict to the jail that represented his/her body a symbolic action of punishment to leastly satisfy a conscious thirst of self-destruction that it enveloped him/it extremely. The devastating nihilism that was briskly reaffirmed in its mind in that instants, crowned him/it of a cold lucidity. Shortly it realized that the only anchors that you/they could still connect him/it to the countess they were all you imprison in the pompous villa Monteghini, to pact that this really existed as him he/she believed to remember her/it. He/she called a taxi and it made him bring out of town to the address where in his/her mind it was certain to find that family place. He/she asked to the taxi driver to stay a little before and to attend him/it. Crossed the few hundred meters that you/they divided him/it from the entrance of the villa afoot, laboring to check the throb of the emotions that you/they broke him the breath. The entrance and the enormous wood that composed the garden of the villa making her/it invisible from the outside were perfectly identical to as it imagined them in its memoirs. The only ones to be able to recognize him/it would have been the butler, the driver and the group of waiter that to turn it came to tidy up the enormous abode Monteghini. Just while Saint took courage to play the intercom, glances firm a pair of autos of the Policemen to side of the avenue of the villa. It grew in him a dense fear. Did they look for him/it for the story of the tamponamento and the aggression to the man? It withdrew the hand and it turned him of release, suffered the panic to arrive to his/her shoulders of a dark auto of big capacity. Gone down by the place an elegant man it drives, grizzled, that came him in against scrutinizing him/it suspicious.
"Good evening, is doctor Mosa, intimate friend of the family Monteghini, her who would be?"
Saint tried to stutter something, acknowledging instantly himself/herself/itself the incomprehensibility of what had just said. So embarrassed, the throat cleared him and with voice that betrayed an unpleasant tremor, it began:
"I am looking for the butler of the villa, it is one dear friend of mine of infancy."
The doctor struck by lightning him/it with a glacial look.
"There is not any servitude anymore in this house. The owner is ago dead days, mysteriously. Tell me the name of the gentleman that looks for, I can immediately handle to recover the address whether to track him/it down."
Saint became stiff in front of that application. Curse to his/her bashful nature! In that three years you/he/she was never interested in the complete name of that shade that so devotedly served the house. It knew only the name of baptism of that man, that could quietly be known to whatever merchant from which he had passed to make purchases for the countess. And then he/she didn't even know from what place of Italy originated. Substantially for him it was to the stregua of the person what time he/she spoke ahead to him. Of this last knew the last name, of the other solo the name. Saint owe fake not to be sorry in front of the confirmation of the happened death of the countess, it shone through too much rather perhaps from its face the suffering for that story, increasing sinister suspicions on its presence there. 
You brusquely dismissed.
"Oh my God, didn't know about this tragedy. I/you/they are passed from I simply wanted here casually to greet one old companion of mine of district. Don't disturb, I will look for him/it in common through friends. Good evening."
Said this, didn't wait even that the doctor answered him. You fell to long footsteps toward the taxi. While the auto surpassed the gate of the villa Monteghini, Saint it noticed, from the back car window, the physician that discussed with the policemen making ample gestures in the direction in which a little before he was started. Fortunately they didn't make case to the taxi that darted in front of them. The physician had probably supposed that the sinister appeared individual had come him afoot. Saint thanked the little perspicacity of the group of men that he left to the shoulders. Sat in the most total, apparent impassibility, left that inside of him a lake of it washes it erupted from its soul to lacerate him the bowel. The only possibility to be able to concretely confirm the real experience of that memoirs was inexorably fallen through. As soon as the white auto estranged from that magic place, Saint warned a deadly sense of void that demolished every breath of the past that remembered still sadly. His/her cynicism him riappropriò tyrant of his/her lucubrations. 
"What importance does it have if has been real or no? What difference does it make to know to really have lived or only deceptively with that woman?"
Its shiny rationality the sleeves was turned up for reconstructing a solid explanation that preserved the mental safety of Saint. Another nth, stupendous and at the same time terrible astral trip? Yes, it convinced more always observing the lights in his/her Milan that flowed through the car window. You/he/she had spent the night to free the Spirit of Dafne from his/her body. Together with her that apodittico trip had lived, so much intense to risk to definitely mine its mental health. You/he/she was perhaps growing old, or he was pushing over, it was the explanation that was given for the you bream empty of memory that had returning from an astral experience together with the Spirit of a dead person. But to well to think of us, had been always this way. You/he/she had dared so so much always to risk every time everything and to put so much to hard test his/her senses and his/her intuitions to go out every time of it almost killed. Yes, it is really this way, the intuitions. All know to have five senses, but few realize to have many more intuitions that you/they work from the inside for our internal world. Difference is that the body, being ended, quantizzabile and measurable, it has well evident its five senses to be been able to sharpen more always, also with all the limits that characterize the subject, while when it moves us in the field of the interiorità, the mere confinements of the terrestrial existence fade away and in front of the being endless intuitions are set that, as the concrete immanent senses, use him to widen the horizons of the self. Only the ferryman of the souls succeeded now in establishing a picture of the lived experience, if not clear, at least more logical than you/he/she didn't appear him before. You surprised enormously of the clarity with which Prometeo, during that interview in his/her house, it was already conscious of to be a deceptive fruit of the Spirit of Dafne. All of a sudden the head of the village had launched a look extremely aware to the address of Dafne that the man had reciprocated with a tacit expression of agreement. A mere illusion was as unbelievable as an imaginary creation of the spirituality projected by the unconscious, you/he/she could reach one autonomous conscience of his however, able to realize its narrowness and the lying condition of living being. Who knows, every human being is perhaps a thought, an image that emerges from the infinitezza of God or simply from the ideas of one of the so many superior beings, destined to totally disappear together with its body. If it were so, if we really were immortal, we could come to hypothesize that every thought of ours, idea or any image, created once also, you detach him from ourselves to proceed independent its existence to the endless one, its autonomy making in front of the creator definitive. If we accepted these axioms as truths:
The mind it creates.
The man distinguishes him from the other living beings as to be thinking endowed with ratiocination.
The man, really because of the intellect, it is responsible of his/her actions, therefore it is subject to the free will.
The man is a creation of God. 
The ideas and the images created by the man are composed of the same substance of the intellect from which you/they spring, constitutes that is of rationality.
If the man, because of his/her rationality, it is subject to the free will, he/she logically deduces that also the thoughts and the images that he creates, constituted them also of rationality, is subject to the free will. 
How many people would they burst in a roaring laughter denying as absurd thing the possibility that the ideas and the images given birth by the human mind, are them more refined, can develop one autonomy of theirs freeing himself/herself/itself from their creator and promoting theirs subordinate passive condition to living being endowed with free will? 
Well, for the same principle, the whole humanity should laugh in front of the responsibility that someone would want to impose to every human being, whose actions are subject to the free will and every consequence of theirs you burden on their present and future as a serious guilt.

XLV
What times were you/they? 
You/he/she had remained rather sat on the bench of that stop of bus for a quantity of puzzling time. Behind the severe outlines of the enormous skyscrapers that composed the monotony of that metropolitan tear, it already dawned. The rays of the sun him timid and undecided stiracchiavano around the bossy forms of the human talent. Around everything was there work of the man. The contours of the nature were confined to a pair of files of solitary trees, methodically prepared to the same distance the one from the other, that the underlying road ploughed with their spaurites shades. Saint didn't know as it was still possible, but thanks to the sky, only in that particular moment of the day, the sound of the city was above all last song stray, of the last free beings, not submitted the birds to the laws of the city bureaucracy. The ferryman of the souls, from when you/he/she had gone down from the taxi quite a lot times before, you/he/she had needed a certain weary of time to observe and to scrutinize to fund the surrounding environment to verify that you/they were not you are mistaken or traps, hidden inside some angle of that apparent family landscape. You/he/she had never passed so much time under his/her house to observe the palazzone where he resided and his anonymous surrounded, so now the myriad of details that for the first time it noticed, they became in his/her mind possible sinister traps of one diverted reality that made an attempt to his/her person. Smiled at to think that only the masters of the dogs know out really the world that it surrounds them. Thanks to their quadruped companions they also learn to smell the air to count every thread of grass and gram of asphalt that it protects him in front of their walk. Saint considered to its house native, to when it walked its dog. The roads that you/he/she had crossed to that time were the only ones that it really knew. He/she knew how to count to closed eyes every single hole, every ripple or patch of the asphalt. 
It was time to get up and to face what would be found ahead crossing the threshold of his/her studio apartment, if really it possessed one of it. For the most part attends him it doesn't benefit at all to make things clear on the choices, rather, the choices are important anymore, more attends him it serves only to tar our legs and to prevent us to advance in our walk.
It had some keys in pocket and it hoped gladly they were really those of his/her house. The lock of the front door of entry to the complex of palazzoni obeyed to the indented order of the small key in the hands of Saint. The ferryman reached the atrium of his/her building and entered, fully recognizing every facet of his. There was there already the elevator to wait for him/it. While the box pushed him/it aloft up to the seventh floor, the man it observed its face reflected in the scratched mirror and graffittato by innumerable signatures. Something had to have live for strength, its skin brought evident wrinkles obvious representatives of indisputable lived experiences. Its face, was certain of it, it was different from as he/she previously remembered her/it to the events of Boscocittà. A photo came to mind it enrolls that it had in the portfolio, gone off back around four years before knowing the countess Monteghini. It looked for the photo among the innumerable papers disseminated in his/her portfolio. It found her. It had fear that him ripresentasse in front of his/her eyes the same face what time it scrutinized to the mirror. If so you/he/she had been you/he/she would have been great rights to believe that also the experience lived with Dafne, if you/he/she had not derived from his/her imagination, it was belonging however to that other dimension. It stared at her for endless minutes, regardless that the elevator had already reached destination. It was his/her face, it recognized him/it, but it had a juvenile freshness that the expression engraved in the mirror that had of forehead missed it. Its body had for strength lived deep vicissitudes that its face had expressed of time in time, underlining that furrows on the skin, testimony of the departed time. Taken courage and it inserted the key in the patch of the last door that divided him/it from the privacy world of his/her studio apartment. When it opened him, the first things that you/they jumped to his eyes were the batteries of ancient books disseminated on the floor and the pentacolo drawn in earth, still surrounded by different out candles. It was as always everything, as he/she remembered him/it. You looked around and it immediately understood that in that place you/he/she would not have found trace of the life passed with Dafne. How could you/he/she find her/it? Lacking from every material interest and by instinct a great deal messy, it was probable you/he/she had left everything abandoned in the moment in which you/he/she had decided to undertake the walk with the countess. Unfortunately he/she didn't now remember the practical details of his/her transfer anymore in the villa Monteghini. It still had in mind the moment in which, being about himself/herself/itself to make the baggages, Dafne you/he/she had smiled at him, sustaining that you/he/she would not have needed his/her suits. In a closet of the villa you/he/she had already made to on purpose prepare a wardrobe for him, of his/her ransom and surely of his/her pleasure. Saint took a seat in earth, really to the center of the pentacolo from him drawn. It still had a job and a house but perhaps, in the moment in which was fallen asleep again, those small certainties and joints would also have disappeared to that point a part of itself if it also wished him/it. Now that the circle of the possibilities was incredibly narrow and the roads to be crossed were all you flow away in that only hold, those certainties already oppressed him/it as the narrowest jail on that pale world. Way of living the thinness, to deepen the vague one, that is for excellence country of the more turned on liberty of expression, released from any law or compromise, meant to find in a flash to tighten a fist of flies. If the tangibility of the immanent things for the occultist were a sore that held back him/it ill in a bed of illness, the intangibility of the psyche whirlingly raised him/it to make him/it then collapse in an instant in earth, giving him the impression that all of its efforts were useless. It was as to build an immense castle among the clouds without foundations that it connected him/it to the firm earth. Saint possessed an invisible rubber band able to catapult him/it among the sumptuousness of that work, but immediately after its concreteness of chained living being to a body it again dragged him/it in earth, leaving him/it exhausted, vacant, to lick him the wounds provoked by that huge fall. 
What was it really true? 
Then it flowed a fragment of dream on the floor. There was a black feather to fix silent his/her loneliness. Was you/he/she passed of there a nighttime angel to finally try to definitely tear him/it from the braccias of the austere stepmother that it represented that dismal dimension? Sin, had missed him! The train of the salvation and him was passed was allowed to lose him/it! Then it flowed next to the feather of the imprints of heel. ricord that far breaker in which the countess was introduced long live to the humble presence of his/her house to exhort to share him/it with her new experiences. But then had him really known from long live, had not lived of her only the trasumanazione of his/her Spirit! Probably! Perhaps! That light signs on the floor could deceive him/it, the feather perhaps belonged to the eccentric attire of a young girl that had conquered in some anonymous local dark or perhaps no, this time was not wrong him, the test was truthful. smiled. You/he/she would never have known him/it with certainty.



The author

Carlo Rogato devotes more possible time to the development of his creativeness. You deals with music as author and musician in a band of the Milanese underground over, obviously, to write. It primarily draws his/her inspirations from a cemetery where it lends his work as a real modern ferryman of souls. From here starts his visionaries intuitions inspired by the intangible energy of the deadly passing. His thirst of spiritual knowledge the first door to deepen important themes that space from the theosophy to the cabal, to the sciamanesimo, thin to warn the demand to express the match between the undertaken studies and his experiences on the field, in this case, saint. Its particular vision can be seen by someone as suggestion, but, later almost ten years in this place it is presumable that the suggestion has well little space in the normal daily. For the writer a book doesn't have an univocal direction: a work acts in the mind of the reader and this is more easily verifiable thanks to its words it engraved on paper, but, even if not verifiable with a known unity of measure, the energy emitted by the thought of the reader influences notably the writer's atman. 


Follow the author on Facebook

