Shadows of Brimstone: Walk With Me In Hell
By Andreas Leachim
Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2021 Andreas Leachim
Cover art and design by Andreas Leachim

This is a work of fan fiction based on the board game series Shadows of Brimstone.  All characters and terminology and related trademarks are the property of Flying Frog Productions.  The author of this work receives no financial compensation from it and does not seek to infringe upon the owner’s copyrights in any way.
Chapter One

Helen Mosely stepped out of the stagecoach and onto the hard-packed dirt of the streets of Haventown.  She wore a wide-brimmed straw hat, but still used her hand to shield her eyes from the yellow glare of the sun as she got her first look at the town.  Behind her, the three other passengers in the coach – a traveling preacher named Garrety, a salesman named Willis, and a young man named Farnham – got out and waited as the coach gunman climbed up top to unload their luggage.  
Haventown was one of dozens of mining boom towns that had popped up across this stretch of the Arizona Territory in the past year.  The buildings that lined the busy street showed evidence of their quick construction.  Helen was no carpenter, but she could see the misaligned boards, gaps in the walls, uneven or missing windows, and other telltale signs of shoddy workmanship.  These buildings had probably been put up in a matter of days to fill the needs of the rapidly growing town, but they were nothing but ramshackle shells, and Helen wondered if they wouldn’t fall over in a stiff breeze.
The residents of Haventown didn’t look much better.  Helen’s eyes accustomed to the glare, and she lowered her hand and rested it on her hip.  The main street was crowded with people, almost more people than Helen had ever seen in one place before.  There was a vast collection of miners, laborers, and other itinerant workers.  They wore dirty, ragged clothes and slouched when they walked.  Scrawny horses pulled wagons and carts loaded with tools and equipment, their hooves kicking up thick yellow dust that gave the entire town a hazy, sickly look.
Among the workers were all types of traveling businessmen and entrepreneurs, jostling and mingling in the crowd, or calling out to passersby in their attempts to make a sale.  Snake-oil salesmen, Helen’s father called them.  They wore nice suits and rode wagons advertising all sorts of powders, ointments, salves, and drinks that promised to cure all that ailed you.  Some of them were more legitimate types, advertising their services as doctors or dentists or faith healers, although Helen doubted that many of the miners in town relied on faith to heal them.
Scattered among the surging crowd were all kinds of other people running to and fro.  Delivery men, servants, errand boys, managers and supervisors, armed police, cowboys, drivers and more stagecoach workers.  Very few women, Helen noticed, although she wasn’t surprised.  Mining towns like this attracted mostly men seeking their fortune.  Most of the women in town would be working in the saloons and taverns, of which Helen assumed there were many.
“Ma’am?” the driver called down to her.  
She turned and looked up at him.  He reached down and handed her one of her bags, which she hung over her shoulder.  
“How many bags, ma’am?”
“One other, a brown one.  And my rifle.”
The driver nodded and fumbled with some of the other cases and bags.  The preacher, Garrety, came up beside her and folded his hands in front of him.  “Well,” he said conversationally, “I’ve been here all of two minutes, and already I can tell that this town has dire need of my services.”
“Yes,” Helen agreed, glancing once more across the crowded street.  She could almost feel the desperation and misery wafting off it like a cloud.  “I suppose places like this always attract those in need, whether it’s money or salvation they’re in need of.”
“Well spoken,” Garrety said.  “Although I would speculate that those who think they are in need of the former are most in need of the latter.”
The driver knelt down and handed Helen a long object tightly wrapped in a gray blanket tied with black string.  Her father’s rifle.  He had insisted she take it with her.  At first, Helen had not wanted it, but now that she had arrived in town, she felt safer with it in her hands.  Some of the stories filtering out of the Territory told of the dangers plaguing these mining towns, and she had heard a few wild rumors during the trip that seemed like the tales of madmen.  
It seemed like a good idea to have a weapon, just in case there was trouble.  And she was a good shot with it too, better than both of her brothers, in fact.  She carried the bundle under her arm and waited for the driver to get her other bag.
“You take care of yourself, Miss,” Garrety said.  “This town is not a place for the innocent.”
“I will, thank you.”
Garrety walked off, a brown satchel hanging off his shoulder and a large black suitcase in his hand.  As the rest of the bags were unloaded, most of them belonging to Willis and Farnham, the driver finally located Helen’s other bag and handed it down to her.  She carried it in her free hand and checked to make sure she had everything.  Then she realized she was just stalling, so she took a breath and walked away from the stagecoach platform.  
Her first order of business was to find lodging.  She didn’t expect to be in town for very long, at least she didn’t hope so.  There were plenty of cheap hotels to choose from, so she picked the first one she saw.  The sign above the doors said Haventown Hotel.  They had rooms available, but the prices were a bit higher than she was willing to pay.  So she lugged her bags farther down the street, dodging other pedestrians and ignoring the salesmen and street vendors, and looked for a place with cheaper rooms.
Along the way, she passed more laborers and miners, some of them with drawn, haunted looks in their eyes.  As she tried not to make eye contact with any of them, she passed by a man standing on the wooden sidewalk.  He wore a faded blue jacket and gray trousers, and had long black hair with a red scarf wrapped around his head like a headband.  He stood like a statue, his arms crossed over his chest as he surveyed the street.  
Helen realized with a start that the the man was Indian.  It surprised her that an Indian would be here in Haventown, since the last she knew, the government was still in conflict with them in Arizona.  Personally, she didn’t have much experience with Indians, as she didn’t encounter many back at her family’s ranch in Texas.  She nodded politely and stepped around him, making her way farther down the main street.
She found a room at a small, cramped hotel called the Johnson and Sons Inn.  She paid for two nights up front and carried her bags to her room.  The walls were thin as paper, and the steps bowed and creaked as she went up to the stairs.  She considered asking for her money back, but it was likely that all of the other cheaper hotels would be just like this one.
She dumped her luggage onto the bed and took a seat on a rickety wooden chair.  It was swelteringly hot inside, so she took off her hat and began to fan herself.  She thought about taking a short rest, but the bed didn’t look very comfortable.  Nothing in this town seemed to be comfortable.  The entire place looked as harsh and unforgiving as the rocky desert that surrounded it on all sides. 
Vaguely, Helen thought about what the preacher Garrety had said.  This town was not a place for the innocent.  Now, Helen didn’t consider herself to be an innocent, at least not in the way that Garrety had implied, but here she was.  But unlike all of those other people outside, Helen wasn’t there in search of money or fortune or salvation.  
Her younger brother Henry had come to Haventown six weeks ago.  He had succumbed to the rumors of wealth flowing out of Arizona, and been lured here to Haventown in search of his own tiny piece of it.  Helen and the rest of the family had tried to dissuade him, but he was young and reckless, and came anyway, full of big plans and ambitions.  For the first month, he sent the family telegrams every few days, keeping them informed about his progress.  But then, two weeks ago, the telegrams dried up.  They had not heard from Henry since.
Helen’s parents tried to contact the authorities, but they received no help.  So many people were coming in and out of the region that it was impossible to keep track of them all.  Towns were popping up almost overnight, and lots of people moved around frequently.  The local authorities had their hands full just keeping order.  They didn’t have time or the manpower to investigate every single person who might have gone missing.
So Helen came herself.  She didn’t know what she was going to find.  Maybe her brother had moved on to some other town.  Maybe he failed to find the fortune he sought, and left his family behind out of shame.  Maybe he was dead.  Helen didn’t know, but she was here to find out.
Chapter Two

Burt Hancock pushed open the doors and stepped into the Goldline Tavern.  It was barely past two in the afternoon, but the place was already packed with a noisy, raucous crowd.  The piano player in the corner was belting out a disjointed tune, but no one seemed to be complaining about the music.  Tables were filled with workers, gamblers, tough-looking types, wide-eyed newcomers, and saloon girls in frilly red dresses and thick makeup.  A cloud of smoke hung above a few tables where the patrons were puffing on cigars.  Burt let himself smile and went over to a small table that was currently unoccupied.  He took a seat, set his Stetson cowboy hat on the table, and looked around at the crowd.
He had been in Haventown for two days.  Before that, he had spent a week in a town called Davisville, and before that, a place called Dry Valley that barely even qualified as a mining camp.  Burt forgot the names of the other small towns he had stopped at along the way.  The entire Territory was dotted with all kinds of mining towns, big and small, and it seemed like a dozen of them appeared – or disappeared – every day.
Ever since the folks in a town called Brimstone had come across a strange new mineral called “dark stone” about a year before, half of Arizona had become overrun with every grizzled miner, foolhardy fortune-seeker, and greedy businessman in the country, all hoping to get their hands on some dark stone and strike it rich.  The fact that Brimstone itself had been wiped off the map not too long after dark stone was discovered did little to deter them.
Burt was not interested in dark stone.  His journey out west was a complicated, circuitous one, without much of a goal in sight.  He hopped around from town to town, working odd jobs to make a meager living, going wherever the wind took him.  He followed the rumors to Arizona for little more reason than sheer curiosity.  Originally from Kansas, he had left his home state two years prior and had been on the move ever since.  There was nothing left there for him to go home to.
“Hey there, handsome,” a young woman said as she walked up to him.  She wore a tight-fitting purple bodice that had seen better days, a blue dress stained with mud on the bottom from dragging on the filthy tavern floor, and a dark red hat with some feathers sticking out of it.  She took a seat beside him and smiled, but it was an empty smile.  Burt guessed she was about twenty, but she looked older, even with the makeup to hide the lines under her eyes.
“Good afternoon, ma’am,” he said politely.  “Name’s Burt Hancock.”
“My name’s Louisa May Smith,” the young woman said, holding out her hand.  “Pleased to make your acquaintance, cowboy.”
Burt wasn’t sure if she intended him to shake her hand or kiss it.  He made up his mind and shook her hand, and then gestured around the tavern.  “Nice establishment you got here, Miss Smith.  A fella could enjoy himself in a place like this.”
“I bet you could,” Louisa May said with another forced smile.  “Could I interest you in something to drink?  A whiskey, perhaps?  Or maybe you’re thirsty for something else?”
Burt leaned back in his chair.  “I could use a drink.  But not just yet.  Maybe you and me can sit here and chat for a minute or two.”
“Sure,” she said, with a trace of uncertainty.  She set her hands in her lap and gave a little shrug.  “Whatever you want, sugar.”
“So how’s business doing these days?  This place seems pretty lively.  It looks like all these fellas have some extra money to throw around.”
“I suppose they do.  We have the best entertainment in town, you know.  The best selection of drinks in the Territory.  And we have the prettiest girls in Haventown.”  She said it like she was reading it off a paper but didn’t understand the words.
“How long you been here, Louisa May?”
She paused.  “Um, just about two months now.  I came from Youngstown.  They said there were lots of opportunities here, since they discovered that … those purple rocks.”
“Dark stone, yeah.  I heard the mines around here are full of the stuff.  You seen a lot of fellas around here that found dark stone?”
“Maybe, I guess so.  You thinking about striking it rich?”
“Well, maybe.  I was thinking about signing on to one of those mining crews,” Burt said.  “I’m just a cowboy, though.  I got no experience working in a mine, but they’re always looking for more workers, ain’t they?”
Louisa nodded, looking down into her lap, all traces of a smile gone from her face.  “Yeah,” she said quietly.  “Every day, more and more men go out to the mines.”
Burt leaned forward and set his elbows on the table.  “How many of those men come back, do you figure?”
She raised her head and looked at him.  “Most of them.  But … not all of them.  They’re …” Louisa hesitated and looked around, as if she was worried that someone might be eavesdropping on them.  But the tavern was loud and chaotic, and no one paid them any special attention.  “The owners, I mean,” she said.  “The ones who own all this.  They don’t want anyone to know ...”
Burt reached out and put his hand on hers to calm her.  “And you didn’t tell me nothing about it.  Don’t you worry none, ma’am.”
He had been hearing rumors to that effect for some time now.  Whispered stories about dark stone and the mines.  Rumors about strange things deep underground, miners going missing or going mad, all kinds of wild speculation about what was really happening in some of the more remote mining areas.  Some people told tales of strange animals and creatures that no one had ever seen before lurking deep in the mines.  There were stories of entire mining crews disappearing, and even local townsfolk going missing, and even worse than that.
The rumors were being stamped out as much as possible by the wealthy business interests that controlled much of the mining industry.  Dark stone was said to be a miracle rock, capable of uses in all kinds of fields, from manufacturing to medicine to weapons of war.  People were making a fortune off dark stone, and the powerful companies that profited the most would not tolerate a reduction in the supply.  The local businesses kept their mouths shut, out of fear of losing everything.  The police, the courts, and the local politicians were bought and paid for.  The federal government might even be involved.
Burt didn’t know if he believed all of that, but something very strange was going on all over the Territory.  People were going missing, that much was blatantly obvious.  And then there was the disaster in the town of Brimstone, where dark stone was first discovered.  The authorities claimed that the entire city had burned down in a sudden fire one night, but there were lots of holes in that story.  Rumors persisted that the city had been destroyed, although what exactly destroyed it was a matter of much speculation.
Louisa was still sitting beside him, unsure what to say or do.  Burt gave her his most winning smile and said, “Tell you what.  How about you go get me some whiskey now?  Then maybe you and me can talk about better things.”
Chapter Three

First, Helen tried questioning the local sheriff’s office about her brother, but she got nowhere.  They had no record of Henry in town at all, and when she tried to get them to take down his information and file him as a missing person, the policeman on duty dismissed her request.  He said the same thing that the authorities had already told Helen’s parents.  Henry had probably just moved on to another mining town, and there was no reason to suspect anything was wrong.  After all, it had only been a few weeks.
Frustrated, Helen left the sheriff’s office and asked the clerk at the hotel where the local mining office was.  However, it turned out that Haventown didn’t have one central mining office, as Helen had assumed.  Scattered throughout the town were half a dozen different offices run by different companies with very similar names.  The Arizona Mining Company.  The Arizona United Mineral Corporation.  The United Mining Company of Arizona.  Helen didn’t have a clue where to begin, so she simply picked the first mining office she came to.
“You must have some sort of schedule or itinerary,” she insisted, putting her hands on her hips.  “How else can you keep track of which men are working in which mine?”
The office manager, a balding man with jittery hands, adjusted his glasses and shrugged again.  He seemed to be the sort of man who shrugged a lot.  “I’m sorry, but those decisions are made by the mine supervisors.  They coordinate with each other on a daily basis.  We don’t keep track of individual work assignments here in this office.”
“Well, who does keep track of them?”
“No one, as far as I know.  Like I said, they organize the work teams on site.  I don’t believe anyone keeps records for that.”
“You don’t keep records for who’s during the work?” Helen said incredulously.
The manager sighed and shrugged again.  “Ma’am, please understand.  All of the men who work in the mines are independent laborers.  They are not employees of our firm.  Every week we have new people coming and going, and we can’t possibly keep track of every single person.  Whatever workers show up to the mines on a given day are simply divided into groups and given their assignments by the mine supervisors.  It’s all very informal.”
It took a few more minutes of back-and-forth with the manager before Helen learned that the mine workers were not paid a regular wage at all.  They were given a very small cash payment at the end of the work day, and each team was given a small percentage of whatever dark stone they had mined, which they could exchange in town for money or services.  The mining company did not keep any employment records whatsoever.  The only thing they kept track of was the amount of dark stone taken from each mine.  The supervisors would typically assign the best workers to the most productive mines, where they could make the most money for themselves and the company.  But the other workers assigned to the used-up mines might spend all day with nothing to show for it.
The constant influx of new people made more sense now.  Many of the workers would likely spend days or weeks assigned to the worst mines, while barely making any money at all.  It was no surprise that so many of them moved onto other towns, where the mines were new and they might get a head start on discovering a fresh vein of dark stone.
“Okay,” Helen said in frustration.  “So you’re saying I need to talk to one of the mine supervisors?”
The manager shrugged once again, like a nervous tick.  “I suppose I could give you the names of the supervisors, but they’re promoted and reassigned on a regular basis.  You said the gentleman you’re looking for –”
“My brother.”
“Yes, your brother.  You said he was working in Haventown a month ago?  I doubt that the same mine supervisors would still be working this area.  I know for a fact that just last week, two of our supervisors were sent to some new mines near a town west of here.  I could give you the name of the town –”
Helen had enough.  She stormed out of the office and went back outside, walking past a group of dirty, haggard men standing in line at another door.  It was getting late by now, the sun starting to set in the distance.  Helen guessed these men had just come from the mines to receive their daily cash payment, which would barely be enough to pay for a meal.
She stood in the street and took a few deep breaths to calm herself.  She couldn’t believe that the mining operations didn’t keep any records on their workers.  The office manager didn’t actually come out and say it, but it was obvious that the companies didn’t even know who was working there at all.  Anyone who showed up to work was given a job to do and paid at the end of each day, without any records whatsoever.  Helen had hoped to learn which mines Henry had worked at, but it was obvious that she wouldn’t learn anything from them.  All the mining companies cared about was how much of that dark stone they could scrape out of the earth, and their workers were just a disposable part of that process.
She looked at the line of men shuffling one at a time into the office.  They looked like broken men, their backs hunched and their eyes on the ground.  They were the weakest and slowest of the mine workers, and therefore assigned to the worst and least productive mines.  Most of them probably had not found any dark stone at all.  It horrified Helen to imagine her brother – so energetic and full of life the last time she saw him – standing in such a line, beaten down by the back-breaking labor of mine work.
Helen was not going to learn anything from the mining companies.  She didn’t even think it was worth her time to check at the other offices, for they would tell her the exact same thing.  They had no records, no information on her brother, and no time for her questions.  How in the world could she hope to track down her brother if no one in this cursed town even knew he had been here?
Making up her mind, she walked back toward to the office and approached the miners.
“Excuse me,” she said.  “My name is Helen Mosely and I’m looking for my brother, Henry.  He worked here in Haventown a few weeks ago.  Do any of you remember him?  He was twenty-two years old, clean-shaven, and he had blonde hair like mine.  He wore a pendant just like this one,” she said, and paused for a moment to fumble with her collar.  She pulled out a small pendant hanging around her neck.  It was an oval-shaped piece of polished steel with a fancy letter M engraved on it in curly script.  Their father had made one for each of his children as a family signet.
“Do any of you remember a man named Henry Mosely?” she asked again.  
A few of the men looked away or shook their heads with a muttered apology.  “Sorry, no.”  “I don’t recall.”  “Nope, sorry.”  They seemed uncomfortable or even embarrassed to have to respond, as if the thought of a missing worker shamed them personally.
She expected as much.  “Well, like I said, my name is Helen Mosely.  I’m staying at the Johnson and Sons Inn,” she said, tucking the pendant back into her shirt.  “If any of you remember anything about Henry, please come and see me.”
She turned and walked off.  One of the other mining offices was down the street.  If she couldn’t get any information from the people in charge around here, she would talk to the people at the bottom.  Surely, someone working at the mine would remember Henry and know what happened to him. 
Chapter Four

Burt rented a room at one of the dingiest hotels in town, located at the far end of the main street, crammed in between a rundown brothel and a decrepit warehouse full of broken mining equipment.  He briefly considered visiting the brothel, but even their low prices were too expensive for him.  He had barely a few dollars to his name, having spent more than intended at the tavern that afternoon.  But he received some useful information from the saloon girl Louisa, and he thought about talking to her again tomorrow if the opportunity arose.
It was nearly midnight, but the town was still bustling with nervous activity.  The taverns, saloons, and brothels were making brisk business.  Boom towns like Haventown always did, since there were plenty of young men with money to burn.  Burt could hear music coming from one of the nearby hotels, and laughter from another building.  Out in the street, some workers were busy unloading wagons packed with barrels of food supplies.  A dozen or so ragged-looking men, most likely miners, congregated outside one of the taverns, talking and arguing with each other.  A preacher down the street was haranguing a few gathered listeners, warning them of the deadly sin of Greed and the fires of Hell.
Burt thought about trying his luck at one of the gambling dens in town, but he couldn't risk losing what few dollars he still had.  Tomorrow he would have to find some work, that was for sure.  But he didn’t think he would join a mining crew, not after what Louisa had told him.  Combined with some of the other vague rumors he had picked up throughout the day, signing up to work in the mines seemed like a pretty bad idea.
He took out a cigarette, his last, and rummaged in his pockets for a match.  After a few moments, he gave up and sighed to himself.  He was too poor to even buy a match.
Another horse-led cart rumbled down the street, kicking up dust.  Burt stepped back and watched the cart for a second, when he noticed someone leaning against a horse post, looking in his direction.  It was an Indian man in a faded blue jacket.  A long red scarf was wrapped around his forehead.
Burt sauntered over to him.  “You got a match, partner?” he asked casually.
The Indian studied him for a moment and nodded.  He reached into his pants pocket and took out a tiny box of matches.  He handed one to Burt.
“Much obliged,” Burt said.  He struck the match on his belt and lit the cigarette, taking a few quick puffs.  “You know, I saw you standing around out here earlier today,” he said, blowing out smoke.  “You the night watchman in town?”
The Indian shook his head.  After a moment, he replied, “No, I am not.”
Burt smoked his cigarette and looked around the dark street.  “No offense, mister, but I’m surprised the sheriff lets you hang around.  You get much trouble from the locals here?”
“The only local here is me,” the Indian said.  “The rest of you are visitors.”
Burt laughed and said, “You know, I figure you’re right.”
The Indian looked at him.  “To answer your question.  No, the people here mostly leave me alone.  They are too busy working and making money to care about one man like me.”
“But if a whole tribe showed up wanting their cut, I bet there’d be problems.”
“Indeed,” the Indian said with a chuckle of his own.  “You must have worked with my people before, to be so comfortable talking to me this way.”
“Sure, yeah,” Burt said.  “I’ve traveled all over.  I worked with Indians a few times.  To be honest, I fought them a few times too.  I ran into Comanche in north Texas on a couple of occasions.  But I got nothing personal against anybody.”
“You are a good man, then.  And now you are here, looking to make it rich.”
Burt shrugged.  “Something like that.  I’m just going where fate takes me, you know?  My name’s Burt, by the way.  What’s yours?”
“My name is Teshenah,” the Indian replied.  He shook Burt’s hand.
“You been in town long, Teshenah?”
“For some time, yes.”
“You hear much about the work in the mines?  I heard there’s all kinds of dark stone down there, just waiting to be dug out.  Lots of fellas here getting rich, like you said.”
“Yes, they are always hiring men.”
“Must be pretty dangerous work though, I figure.”
“Yes, it’s very dangerous.”
“You ever hear about –”
Burt was suddenly interrupted by a strange noise high in the air above him.  He stopped and looked into the dark night sky.  Teshenah did the same and stepped a few paces into the street.  They heard the noise again, like a strangled cry echoing high above.
“What in the world was that …?” Burt said to himself
“There!” Teshenah cried, pointing.
Burt ran over to Teshenah and looked.  He saw something barely visible in the sky, something dark and nebulous, barely silhouetted by the stars.  He couldn’t guess how huge it was, as his sense of scale was all wrong.  It was bigger than a bird, that was for sure.  As his brain tried to incorporate what he was seeing into his understanding of the world, Teshenah grabbed his sleeve.  
Something drove them forward, and they ran down the street as the enormous shape flitted over their heads.  A hideous, spine-chilling sound broke across the night sky, like a cross between the growl of a wolf and and the cry of an eagle, and then Burt witnessed something fall down out of the sky and land directly on the roof of a large building on the left side of the street.  It was the Goldline Tavern, the very same establishment where Burt had spent most of the afternoon.
Even in the glowing light of the streetlamps, the figure was barely illuminated, as if shrouded in black mist.  But Burt saw more than he wanted to.  Long, skeletal limbs jutting at strange angles from a narrow reptilian body, and a pair of enormous bat-like wings raising high into the air.  
Before Burt could choke out something to say, the roof of the Goldline Tavern collapsed and the creature crashed down into the building.  The whole structure shuddered with the weight.  Windows shattered in their frames.  Wooden beams creaked and snapped like twigs.  People began screaming, and the entire street came alive with terror.  The peaceful evening had turned into a madman’s insane fever dream.
Burt tried to run for the door, but Teshenah held him back.  Just then, people began pouring out of the building, some of them still carrying poker cards and glasses of whiskey in their hands.  In the mad rush to get out of the building, people were knocked down and trampled.  A man broke out a window on the second floor and leaped to the street below.  The entire building seemed to wobble side to side, and Burt could only watch in disbelief as the front section of the roof broke free and crashed to the wooden sidewalk, right on top of half a dozen people trying to escape.
The entire town seemed to be screaming and calling for help.  The bright orange glow of flames lit up inside the tavern.  In the surge of bodies rushing past, Burt got separated from Teshenah, and pushed his way closer.  He heard the sounds of smashing furniture and shattering walls.  It sounded like an entire herd of cattle stampeding their way through the building.  And above that noise were the screams, high-pitched and terrified, the agonized wailing of people being killed.  Through broken windows, Burt thought he caught glimpses of the winged creature ransacking the entire tavern.  
He climbed on top of the collapsed section of roof and grabbed the hands of people trapped just inside the doorway.  He hauled three people out, and when he reached down once again, he recognized the last person as the saloon girl Louisa May.  Barely thinking, he lifted her up and ushered her away as glass and wood rained down on them.
Moments later, the entire tavern crashed down on itself like an implosion.  In the massive cloud of dust, wood, and glass that followed, the survivors caught a flash of the huge winged creature soaring into the sky.
Chapter Five

Helen woke up to the sound of someone knocking on the door.  The bed, as she had expected, was little more than a stiff blanket atop a plank of wood, so it had taken her some time to fall asleep.  She propped herself up on her elbow and blinked a few times to make sure the knocking was on her door and not some other door in the narrow hallway.  It was very dark in the room, but Helen had left an oil lantern burning in the corner with the shutters closed, and a few slivers of light crept out to give just enough to see by.
“Who’s there?” she asked.
“Uh, ma’am …  I’m sorry, I know it’s late ...”
She didn’t recognize the voice.  It wasn’t the clerk at the hotel, she was sure of that.  She slipped out of bed and pulled a coat over her nightgown.  
“Hold on just a moment.”
Propped up next to the bed was her father’s rifle, which was loaded and ready.  She picked it up and aimed it at the door.  She didn’t expect to come to harm, but in a town like this it never hurt to take precautions.  The doors were so cheaply made that a determined man could probably break them open with a solid shoulder.
She spoke through the door.  “What do you want?”
“You don’t know me, ma’am.  But I heard you today, asking about someone ...”
Helen unlocked the door and carefully opened it, stepping back as she did so.  The hallway beyond was barely more illuminated than her room, but standing in the doorway was a large man with his hat in his hands, looking nervous and uncomfortable.  He had a lined face and deep set eyes above a wild and unkempt beard.
“Do you know something about my brother?” she asked.
He looked at her, glancing down briefly at the rifle in her hands.  “Would it … would it be okay if I came in?” he asked.
Helen nodded and let the man in.  She couldn’t tell how old he was, he could have been roughly her age or older than her father.  His clothing was dirty and worn, but it was good quality, not the tattered rags that she had seen some of the miners wearing.  He waited patiently while she fiddled with the lamp to light the room up.  He did not comment on the gun still in her hands.
“I apologize for coming at this hour,” the man said, fidgeting with his hat.  “But I didn’t want anyone to see me come and talk to you.  I was doing some business at one of the offices this afternoon and I heard you ask about your brother.”
“Have you seen him?” Helen asked intensely.
The man cleared his throat.  “I suppose you’ve only been here a day or two.  Maybe you haven’t noticed, but the mining companies don’t like people talking about what happens in the mines.”
“I have noticed,” Helen said, nodding.  “Do you work in the mines?  Is that where you saw Henry?”
He shook his head.  “I’m a prospector.  I have my own claim, and sometimes I scout out possible mining locations for others.  But if the company men found out I was talking to you, they’d run me out of town, you understand?”
“No, I really don’t.  What are they trying to keep hidden?”
“The mines …” he shook his head a little, like he was trying to shake away a bad memory.  “I don’t know if I can explain.  Maybe you’ll think I’m crazy.  But there are things down in those mines, terrible things.  Creatures … and worse.”
Helen felt a chill on her skin.  “I’ve heard rumors of men disappearing.”
“Yes.  The companies are trying to keep it from getting out.”
“What happened to my brother?”
“He and some other miners decided to go out on their own.  They asked me for help, that’s why I remember him.  There’s old mines – abandoned mines – that the companies don’t use anymore, because they ran dry or because … because they’re too dangerous.”  The prospector sighed again and looked at the floor, not meeting Helen’s eyes.  “I shouldn’t have helped them.  But they were in bad shape and thought they could hit a jackpot on their own.  So I gave them some information on a few mines northwest of town, in a place called Knife Canyon.”
“How long ago was this?”
“I don’t remember.  Ten days ago.  Twelve, maybe.”
“And you haven’t seen or heard from my brother since?”
“No.  I’m sorry.  I tried to warn them.  The mines are extremely dangerous.  The companies don’t care, because they’re making such huge profits from dark stone, and there are always more men coming to work the mines.  And the rest of us keep quiet about it, because we’re making so much money that we’re afraid to give it up.”
“But you came to tell me this.”
“Yes, I suppose I did,” the prospector said.
Helen didn’t know what to think.  If Henry had gone into the mines ten days ago …
“You said it was at least ten days ago?” she asked.  “So tell me this.  Do you think that there’s any chance my brother might still be alive?”
The prospector weighed the question.  “I can’t tell you for sure, ma’am.  If they were lost in the mines, but they had food and water, then perhaps they could be.  And you can get lost in those mines, believe me.  Those tunnels have a way of changing on you, switching around and leading you deeper when you’re trying to get out.”  
He grimaced, as if in physical pain, and shook his head again.  “But it’s not getting lost that’s the problem.  Those … those things ...”
“You said that before,” Helen said.  “You said there were creatures.  What do you mean?”
He raised his head and looked at her, and Helen was afraid of what she saw in his eyes.  Terror, guilt, and madness lurked just beneath the surface.  “I’m not a religious man.  But if I was, I’d say that those mines are the gateway to Hell.  There’s things down there that don’t belong in this world.  I can’t even describe them, they’re like mankind’s worst nightmares come to life ...”
Helen opened her mouth to ask something, but at that moment, a faint, willowy screeching sound came from overhead, making her flinch and look up at the ceiling.  She thought she heard a swooping sound, like the flap of blankets on a clothes line.
And then a thunderous roar from down the street, followed by a something that sounded like an explosion, and Helen thought she felt the floor shake under her feet.  She scrambled to the window and yanked the curtains out of the way, but she couldn’t see anything.  A few people on the street below ran past, and then she heard shouting.
She turned back to the prospector, but he was gone.  He was running down the hallway as fast as he could, and disappeared down the stairs to the first floor.  Helen yelled after him, but he didn’t come back.  She hurriedly put on her boots and ran out after him, but by the time she made it to the street, he was gone.
Chapter Six

By morning, the Goldline Tavern was reduced to a smoldering pile of burnt wreckage.  Thick wooden beams, now twisted and broken and scorched black from the fire, stuck out of the debris like dead trees.  A few townsfolk were picking through the remains, looking for anything that might be salvaged from the disaster.  There were probably still more bodies buried somewhere inside, but no one seemed in a hurry to try and recover them.  They hadn’t identified all of the bodies that had already been pulled from the wreckage so far.  There had been precious few survivors.
Burt stood across the street, his arms crossed.  Sitting on the steps next to him, wrapped in a blanket and looking out with a doomed, haunted look in her eyes, was Louisa May.  Burt didn’t think she had slept at all.  He had only gotten a few hours himself.  Teshenah was there as well, standing like a bodyguard over Louisa.  For some reason, Burt appreciated his presence, even though the Indian had only spoken a handful of words the entire time he had been there.  He was a man of few words, and Burt could appreciate that as well.
The rest of the town was talking plenty.  They all spoke in hushed tones, their worried whispers hanging like a thick fog across the entire town.  Already, town officials were telling people that the building had collapsed due to poor construction, that too many people had been inside and the second floor had simply fallen down, caving the rest of the building in.  The fire had started when oil lamps were smashed in the collapse.  
A terrible, preventable tragedy, to be sure.  At least forty people were dead.  These deaths, at least, would be recorded and counted.  The debris would eventually be cleaned up, another tavern would most likely be built in the exact same place, and life would go on.
Some of the people in town maybe even believed it.  But Burt knew what he saw.  A creature in the sky, with huge leathery wings, descending on the tavern and smashing right through the roof.  And a few other shell-shocked survivors, Louisa among them, claimed to have seen bestial figures running into the dark with victims in their clutches.  Lots of people saw what happened, but they were all keeping silent, as if the truth was some shameful secret that they had to keep concealed.
The tavern had not collapsed, it had been attacked.  Mysterious, terrifying creatures hunted the desert, and now they had finally struck at the town.  Or maybe they had already attacked the town before and the town officials covered it up.  That wouldn’t surprise Burt at all.  He didn’t have to be a genius to see the connection between the events of last night and the stories he had heard about the mines.  If monsters were lurking in the desert, there was only one place they could have come from.
Burt turned and saw one of the people from last night walking towards him.  It was young woman with long blondish hair.  Burt hadn’t learned her name, but she had arrived just after the tavern was attacked.  She was one of the good Samaritans who helped people in those first few hectic moments after the building completely collapsed.  Last night, she’d still been dressed in her nightgown, but now she was more appropriately dressed in a blue dress and blouse, a wide-brimmed straw hat on her head.
She came up beside Burt and looked over at Louisa.  “Is she going to be okay?” she asked softly.
“I think so,” Burt replied.  “She’s still scared, I think.”
The woman sighed and gazed upon the smoldering wreckage.  “I don’t blame her.”
Burt held out his hand.  “We weren’t properly introduced last night.  Name’s Burt Hancock.”
The woman daintily shook his hand.  “Helen Mosely.  It’s nice to meet you.”
“The girl is named Louisa May, and this other fella is Teshenah.”
“Yes, I’ve seen him in town before.”
At the mention of his name, Teshenah nodded toward Helen in greeting and then resumed watching over Louisa.  For a little while, the four of them just stood together and watched as a large wagon pulled by a pair of horses rode up to the remains of the tavern.  A few burly workers began picking up scattered pieces of wreckage and loading them onto the wagon.  The job of cleaning up had already begun.  Burt wouldn’t be surprised to learn that plans for a new hotel had already been approved.  They would probably begin construction before all the bodies had even been recovered.
“Are you gentlemen mine workers, then?” Helen asked.
“Not really,” Burt said.  He rummaged in his pocket for a cigarette and then remembered he had smoked his very last one the night before.  “I’m not, at any rate.  I don’t think Teshenah works in the mines either, at least he hasn’t said so.  You might say I’m unemployed at the moment.”
“Oh, okay,” Helen said.  She crossed her arms over her chest and was quiet for a minute or two.  Then she asked, “Why did you come to Haventown?  If you don’t mind my asking.”
“Looking for work, I suppose.  There’s lots of jobs around here that need doing.  Maybe I’ll get hired to help clean up over there.”
Burt didn’t ask why Helen was in town.  It was none of his business, and he didn’t much care.  But she offered, “I’m in town to look for my brother.  He disappeared some time ago.”
“I’m sorry to hear that, ma’am.”  Burt would have stopped there, but something compelled him to ask, “Did your brother work in the mines?”
“Yes, he did.”
“It’s a dangerous job, or so I’ve heard.”
“I’ve been asking around town if anyone has seen him or knew what happened to him.”
“I’m afraid I can’t help you there.  I’ve only been here a few days myself.”
“A man came to my hotel room last night,” Helen said.  “He said that my brother went to work in a mine with some other men and they never came out.  He told me the mine was in a place called Knife Canyon.”
To Burt’s surprise, Teshenah spoke up.  “I know that place.  The mines there are closed up.”
“Yes,” Helen said.  “It was an abandoned mine, to my understanding.”
“You go to the sheriff and tell him?” Burt asked.
Helen shook her head.  “No, they won’t do anything.”
“That’s a shame.  I’m sorry to hear it.”
“What I’m trying to say,” Helen said, looking flustered, “is that I’m looking for people who might be willing to help me look for him.”
“You mean go into the mines?” Burt asked.
“Yes.  I’ll look for him by myself if I have to, but I would rather have someone to help me.  I’m not just going to walk away.  If he’s down there, then I’m going to try and find him.”
“You understand he’s probably dead?”
“Of course,” Helen said.  “I’m not a fool.  But I have to know for sure what happened to him.”
Teshenah shook his head slowly said in a low voice, “The mines are places of death.  If you go there by yourself, you will not survive.”
Helen looked at him evenly.  “I’ll willing to risk that.”
Burt looked concerned for a moment and then let out an amused chuckle and leaned against a horse post.  “Lady, you got guts, that’s for sure,” he said.  
Helen seemed to accept that as a compliment and looked back at Burt and Teshenah.  “So, do either of you know where I can find someone to help me?”
“I’m sure there’s mine workers you could hire,” Burt suggested.
She shook her head.  “I don’t have enough money for that.”
“So you’re looking for volunteers?”
“My brother isn’t the only person who’s gone missing,” Helen said.  “The prospector told me that Henry entered the mine with a group of other men.  There’s got to be other people in town who want to go look for them.  Those men have families too.”
“Yeah, but their families ain’t here,” Burt said, trying to sound gentle and reasonable.  “Nobody goes into those mines for free.  I suppose you might be able to lure some folks to help you if you could convince them that they’ll find dark stone down there, but –”
“I’ll go with you,” Louisa said suddenly.  She stood up and shook off the blanket, letting it fall to the dirt at her feet.  She was still dressed in her purple corset, blue skirt and stockings, since all of her other clothes had been destroyed when the Goldline collapsed.  Her face was still red and her eyes puffy from tears, but she straightened herself and stepped over next to Burt.  She cleared her throat and said again, “I’ll go with you.  I’ll go.”
No one said anything for a few moments.  Burt just looked at her in surprise.
Louisa clenched her hands into fists.  “They killed my friends,” she said fiercely, looking into the distance.  “Those … those things,” she hissed.  “They killed Mary and Eleanor, and Walter the bartender who was always so nice ...”
She looked like she was about to cry again, but she swallowed it down and stared at the three of them, daring any of them to contradict her.  “I can’t go back to working in the saloons again, I can’t.  Not anymore, not after what I saw.  I’ll help you find your brother, lady.  And maybe we can find some of those things that killed my friends, and we can kill them too.”
Helen reached out and held Louisa’s shoulder.  “Thank you,” she said.
Burt raised his eyebrows and looked from Helen to Louisa and back.  Then he chuckled softly to himself and sighed.  “Oh, well.  I guess I can’t let you brave women go off and face dangers unknown while I stay here in town sitting on my hands, now can I?”  He hooked his thumbs through his belt and smiled again.  “Besides, I guess I don’t really have any important plans today.”
Helen smiled back at him.  “Thank you, too.”
Teshenah had remained silent through most of the conversation, and now he closed his eyes for a moment and took a breath.  He seemed to be lost in thought, and then he nodded and opened his eyes.  “Yes, this is good,” he said solemnly.  “We all do this for the right reasons.  There are four of us, and that is a good number.  I would be honored to join you as well, Miss Mosely.”
“All right, then,” Burt said.  “When do we start?”
Chapter Seven

It was still relatively early, and there was no sense in waiting an entire day to get started.  They agreed to meet at the north end of town as soon as possible.  Helen returned to her hotel room to get her rifle and whatever else she thought she might need.  She sat on the bed with the rifle in her lap, checking to make sure it was ready, and put the extra bullets in her pocket.  It was a sturdy Henry rifle that her father had acquired during the War between the States – he joked sometimes that he had named Helen’s brother after it.  It was lever-action, with a well-worn handle, and her family’s emblem, the same one as on the pendant around her neck, burned into the stock.  The gun was familiar in her hands, as she had spent many afternoons learning to shoot it, under her father’s careful eye.
Downstairs at the hotel desk, she had the clerk fill her canteen with water, which she hung over her shoulder.  She didn’t know how long they would spend in the mine, but she felt it would be wise to being water in case she got thirsty.  She paid for her room for one more night, and then headed out, the rifle cradled in one arm and her oil lantern in the other.  They would need light in the mine, after all.  She thought she might be conspicuous carrying the gun through town, but no one seemed to pay her any special attention.
Teshenah was waiting for her when she arrived.  In his arms was a rifle as well.  It was a Winchester, but his was in worse condition, the stock gouged and scratched up, the barrel scuffed and dirty.  It was a rifle that had seen heavy use over the years.  And more interestingly, at least from Helen’s point of view, was the tomahawk hanging from Teshenah’s belt.  It had a smooth wooden handle and a dark gray steel blade, with red and blue feathers tied around the head.  It almost looked like it might be merely decorative, but Helen knew it wasn’t.
She nodded in greeting.  “I meant to ask you before,” she said.  “Why are you in Haventown?  You’re not a mine worker, that’s for certain.”
Teshenah leaned against a horse post and considered the question.  “I travel often,” he said.  “I go from place to place.  Sometimes white men hire me as a scout or a tracker.  I did not come to this place for any particular reason.”
Helen eyed the tomahawk again.  “What tribe do you belong to?”
“I am from the Chiricahua.”
“That’s Apache?”
He studied her for a moment, and Helen got the impression he was secretly amused.  “Yes, my people are Apache.”
“The United States is at war with the Apache, aren’t they?”
“That’s what the white men tell me.”
“Why did you really agree to help me, Teshenah?”
He sighed and looked out at the desert wilderness in the distance.  Eventually, he said, “This stone the white man digs for, the dark stone.  It is an evil thing.  Perhaps if the white man took all of this dark stone away, it would only hurt them and leave my people alone.”  He turned to look at Helen.  “But this is not so.  The dark stone corrupts my people just as it does yours.  And the demons from underground kill my people as easily as they kill yours.  We must fight them.”
“Is that what you call them?  Demons?”
“That is what they are,” Teshenah said with deadly seriousness.  “When you see them, you will know.  I came to this town, and other towns, looking for someone who would join me and fight them.  But not for money, not for dark stone.”
“I’m just looking for my brother,” Helen insisted.
Teshenah looked down at the rifle in her hands.  “Yes, and that is a noble cause.”
Helen didn’t know exactly how to respond to that, so she said nothing.  She turned and saw Burt and Louisa coming their way.
The cowboy smiled that same vaguely sarcastic smile that always seemed to fit his rugged features.  “I take it you didn’t change your mind about this?  Well, there’s no time like the present.”
Burt would have preferred to take horses, but none of them could afford even one of the sickly, malnourished horses that the townsfolk used to pull carts and wagons.  The four of them had to walk to the mines, which was not a very long trip, but the longer it took to get there, the more anxious they would become.  Knife Canyon was only about two miles from town.  Walking at a steady pace would get them there in less than an hour.
Teshenah knew the way, so he took the lead with Helen walking next to him.  Each of them carried a rifle, and Burt couldn’t help but notice the hatchet dangling from Teshenah’s belt.  He wondered how much use the weapon had seen.  Teshenah didn’t seem like much at first glance, but any Indian carrying a weapon like that was not someone to underestimate.
As for Burt, he was armed with a reliable Colt six-shot revolver, which had been gifted to him by his father when he turned eighteen.  Burt also carried a lasso coiled up and tied to his belt.  It didn’t seem likely that he would find a use for his lasso inside a mine, but you never knew when a strong length of rope might come in handy.  The only other thing he carried with him was a flask of whiskey.
Beside him, Louisa had chosen to carry Helen’s lantern.  She had not said much since agreeing to go on this expedition, and she didn’t seem like she was in the mood to be dissuaded, but Burt figured he had to try anyway.
“You know,” he said, as gently as possible, “you don’t have to do this.  I mean, I’m not trying to tell you your business.  You’ve been through a lot, but maybe you should think twice about jumping into something dangerous like this.”
“I know what I’m doing,” Louisa said.  She looked more composed now, her eyes no longer red and puffy with tears.  The decision to act – to do something instead of sit around in misery – had burned away her grief and given her a sense of purpose.  Burt understood that better than Louisa probably did.
“Well, if we run into some real trouble,” Burt said, “just stay behind me and the others.  We have guns, so we should be able to defend ourselves pretty well.”
“I have one too,” Louisa said, surprising him.  Then she reached down underneath her skirt, and pulled out a tiny pistol before Burt could even look away in embarrassment.  The gun was made by the Deringer company, and held only one bullet.  A self-defense gun.
“Lots of the girls carry them,” she said, looking at it.  “You know, in case a guy gets too rough with them.”  She shrugged and tucked the gun back in the hidden holster she had down there, and this time Burt did politely look away.
“Even so, I would rather you stay behind us,” he said.
“I can’t stand behind you,” she said.  “I’m the one with the lantern.  I have to be in front so we can see where we’re going.”
Burt couldn’t think of anything to counter that.  “I guess it’s pointless for me to try to argue with you, huh?”
“Yes,” Louisa said.  But she smiled just a little bit.  “Thank you for trying, though.”
Chapter Eight

Knife Canyon was aptly named.  It looked as if a giant had scraped a colossal blade across the rocky desert, leaving a steep slash across the landscape.  As Teshenah led them into the narrow pass, they noticed quickly-erected wooden signs that said “Abandoned Mines – Do Not Enter” and “Warning – Danger – Closed Mines.”  The canyon ran east-west so it was always in sunlight, and the confined space trapped the heat like an oven.  The ground was mostly brown and yellow rocks with a few scraggly grasses sprouting from the sandy soil.  The path into the canyon was well-worn from the boots of miners and the wheels of their carts, but it was clear that no one had been coming this way for several weeks at least.  As Helen and the others made their way into the central part of the canyon, they noticed a few crude tables and benches, old campfires, broken crates, and other leftover remains of the work that had been done there.
Teshenah pointed up ahead.  “There.  I see three entrances.”
Helen took off her hat and fanned her face.  It was brutally hot, and she was glad she had brought water with her, although she didn’t drink any just yet.  She looked at the mine entrances up ahead.  There were two on the north side of the canyon and one on the south.  Each one was a dark black hole cut into a wall of rock.  Wooden barriers had been put up to block them, with more signs warning people away.
The mine entrance on the south side, however, was no longer blocked.  The wooden barrier had been broken down and pushed to the side.  Teshenah walked over to it and knelt down, studying the ground.  Helen saw nothing but scuffed up reddish dust.
Teshenah stood up and brushed dirt off his knees.  He gestured at the other two mine entrances, which were still boarded up.  “I do not think anyone entered there.  Your brother must have come this way.”
“Were you looking for footprints?”
“Yes.  But not human ones.”
The four of them stood before the mine, staring into darkness.  There was no sound except the slight whistle of wind coming down the canyon.  The mine seemed to swallow the sunlight.  It was bright in the canyon with the sun almost directly overhead, but they could barely see five feet into the mine, it was completely pitch black.
Helen steeled herself and marched forward.  She had not come all this way to panic at the last moment.  If Henry was down in this mine somewhere, she was going to find him.  She walked a few paces into the mine entrance and then forced herself to stop.  She had only walked a short ways and she felt like she needed a moment to catch her breath.  
Burt, Teshenah, and Louisa followed behind her.  Burt patted her on the shoulder in a reassuring manner and said, “All right, let’s just take a minute.  No need to get reckless and run down there by yourself.  Let’s make sure we all stay together.”
Louisa crept around them, peering into the inky blackness.  She lifted the oil lamp and tried to aim the light down the shaft.  But the shadows absorbed any trace of light, and the tunnel ahead remained dark.  She opened up the front shutter to shine more light, and gradually the tunnel took on more detail as their eyes got accustomed to the darkness.  None of them spoke, they huddled together and studied what they saw before them.
The walls and ceiling of the mine shaft were roughly cut, but the floor was relatively flat and covered in loose dirt and dust.  Small rocks and stones were scattered here and there.  The center of the floor had two very slight ruts made from mining carts rolling back and forth.  This particular mine, for whatever reason, lacked rails to make it easier to get the carts out.  Instead, all the carts had been on regular wheels and pushed by hand.  Difficult, back-breaking labor.  It made Helen shudder to think about how hard the men in this mine must have worked to dig out the tons of stone and rock.
Far ahead, just at the limit of their light, they could see thick wooden braces built to support and hold up the ceiling.  On the ground some distance away were some broken crates and what appeared to be tool handles for shovels and picks.  There was no sound at all, just the slight intake of breath from Helen and the others.  The mine smelled stale and dry, like an ancient tomb that had been closed up for centuries.
Burt decided to take the lead.  He took a few steps forward and Louisa kept right beside him, intently shining the lantern.  Helen, her rifle aimed in front of her, was behind him on the right, and Teshenah was behind Louisa.  He had hung his rifle over his shoulders and instead wielded his tomahawk, moving his hand up and down reflexively, as if he was preparing himself to swing it at a moment’s notice.  Walking in a tight group, they made their way slowly down the mine shaft, walking as quietly as possible, listening for the slightest noise.
Helen wanted to just call out.  To shout down the tunnel and see if anyone shouted back.  She wanted to cry out Henry’s name.  But she remained silent.  Somehow, the interior of the mine felt like a place where you did not raise your voice.  She didn’t want to call out for fear of what else might answer.
The tunnel veered to the left and then to the right.  Every fifty paces or so, there were more wooden beams to hold up the ceiling.  More scattered bits of tools, more loose stones.  In a recess in the wall there was a pile of dirty rags.  A spare cart wheel lay on the ground, covered in dust.  But no evidence that anyone had been there recently.
As they went farther down, the light from outside faded, and eventually the twists and turns blocked off the light coming from the mine entrance.  Before Helen really realized it, the only light at all was coming from the flimsy lantern in Louisa’s trembling hand.  Without the lantern, they would be lost in total darkness.  Helen had never been in a place so completely devoid of light.
Burt hesitated and held up his hand.  They all tensed and held their breath, until he lowered his hand once more and turned to look over his shoulder at Helen.  As he turned away from the light, his face became barely a shadow.  In the gloom, she heard him whisper, “Thought I heard something.”
“Let’s keep going,” Helen whispered back.  She held her father’s rifle tightly in her hands.
They continued down the tunnel, and the dark brown walls illuminated by the light from Louisa’s lantern suddenly disappeared up ahead.  It took them all a second to realize the tunnel had expanded into a larger mine chamber.  As they reached the end of the tunnel, the light slowly brought into view a large area, roughly circular, scattered with trash and equipment.  
Two large battered wooden carts sat in the middle of the room.  There were several broken wooden crates stacked against the wall, and also a few rickety chairs and a small table.  All over the room were the leftover detritus of the men who had worked there.  Empty whiskey bottles, extra lanterns, worn picks and hammers, crumpled clothing, empty sacks and bags, burned out candles and used torches.  Sitting on the floor was a single leather boot.  The table was marked with burned cigarette stubs and knife scratches.  Helen and the others looked around to take stock of their surroundings.
“Do any of those lamps work?” she asked.  “Maybe we should have more than one.”
Teshenah walked over and checked them out.  He shook his head.  “No, they have no oil.”
“Well, let’s take one anyway.  Maybe we’ll find some oil for it.”
Everyone walked around and explored the chamber, looking for anything else that they might be able to use.  Louisa stood in the middle of the room, holding her lantern high to shine the light around as much as possible.  She peeked into the mine carts, but all the contained was dirt and rocks.  As she turned to walk around, her foot nudged something half-buried in dirt.  She knelt down and pulled free a large machete with a worn wooden handle and a heavy, nicked blade.  Swinging it a bit and judging its weight, she nodded to herself and held the machete at her side.
“Look at this,” Burt said.  He had rummaged inside one of the crates and now held up two sticks of dynamite.  “Think we’ll need these?”
Helen looked shocked and said, “My Goodness, I hope not.”
“Give me one,” Teshenah said.  “You can have the other.”
“You still got those matches, Teshenah?”
“Yes, I do.”
In one of the leather sacks, Helen pulled out a small bundle wrapped with string.  It was a pack of clean white strips of cloth.  “I found some bandages,” she said.  “I suppose we should take these too, although I hope we don’t need them either.”
The chamber only had two exits.  One led back the way they had come, and the other led deeper into the mine.  Louisa wandered over to the tunnel and shined the light down it.  It was just another dark mine shaft held up with wooden beams.
“All right,” Helen said.  She had tied the bundle of bandages to her belt to keep her hands free to use her rifle.  “Let’s keep going, then.”
This time, she did walk in front, with Louisa by her side with the lantern.  Teshenah and Burt walked close behind, both of them tall enough to easily see over Louisa’s and Helen’s shoulders.  The tunnel seemed to dip down at a slight incline, sending them deeper underground.  It also felt cooler inside the mine, now that the sun was no longer beating down on them.  
Helen pointed her rifle in front of her, aiming into the darkness.  Yesterday, she would have thought it absurd to take a gun into a mine to point at shadows.  But after seeing what happened to the tavern in town, she knew there was much more to fear here than just a spooky abandoned mine.  Something was down inside this mine, waiting for them, she could feel it in her bones.  
Together, the four of them walked forward.  They kept going, one step at a time, deeper underground and deeper into darkness.
Chapter Nine

The tunnel opened up once more into another chamber, although this one was smaller than the first.  There were more crates and tables, and surprisingly, a number of bedrolls laid out in the dirt in a half-circle around the remains of a long-dead campfire.  Some of the miners who had worked here must have slept in shifts rather than go all the way back to town.  Helen stepped over to the bedrolls and looked around for anything that might indicate they had been slept in recently, or anything that might remind her of her brother.  But there was nothing.
She wondered how many men had worked in this mine.  Dozens, hundreds, or more?  The boom in Arizona had only been going on for a year at most, and yet Helen could not believe that this entire mine had been excavated in such a short time.  It seemed to her that it must have taken a thousand men a decade to dig such a long mine, and she didn’t even know how far down it went.  For all she knew, the mine extended miles beneath the surface.
Was Henry down there somewhere?  Could it be possible that he was still alive?
“Do you hear that?” Louisa whispered.
Helen perked her head up.  The others were all still as statues, turning their heads to try and catch the sound.  And then Helen noticed it.  A whispery, fluttering sound just at the very limit of her hearing, like the sound of papers rustling or the clapping of tiny hands.  Or the flapping of wings.
“Is that … bats?” Helen asked.  Involuntarily, she took a step back.
Teshenah hefted his tomahawk.  His eyes were wide.  “No, it is not.”
Louisa bravely strode forward and lifted the lantern, shining light down the mouth of the tunnel.  The sound grew louder, and then images appeared.  Indistinct, shadowy figures filled the space of the tunnel, seeming to flicker in and out of existence.  Helen’s brain could not make sense of what her eyes were seeing.
“No!” Louisa cried, staggering backwards, the light from the lantern swaying back and forth.  “It’s not bats!  It’s something else!  Oh my God!”
Hideous, terrifying creatures burst from the tunnel into the room.  They were like a nightmarish combination of other animals, with the wings of a huge bat, the body of a slithering green snake, and the mouth of some giant insect.  They were as big as barn owls, and flapped all around madly, hissing and spitting like a swarm of ravenous rats.
Burt opened fire, his pistol booming over the maddening sound of the creatures.  Teshenah screamed something in his native tongue and leapt at them, hacking and swinging with his tomahawk.  Louisa somehow managed to keep the lantern shining as she swung wildly with her machete.  And Helen, after a paralyzing moment of fear and indecision, joined them and opened fire with her rifle.
Her first shot struck one of the flying reptiles in the center of its writhing body and knocked it to the ground, where it continued flapping its wings in vain.  Its blood was purple, not red, the same dark purple as dark stone.  Helen racked another round and took a shot at one of them that was snapping at Louisa’s hair.  In the close confines of the room, she had no choice but to shoot near to her friends, but the thought of hitting Louisa by accident only sharpened her aim.  Burt backed up beside her and fired shot after shot.  He took off his hat and waved it with his other hand, trying to keep the creatures from getting too close to his face.
Teshenah fearlessly dove into the flapping mob, cutting into the beasts until his tomahawk was splattered with purple ooze and gore.  The creatures flapped excitedly around the lantern, like moths around a campfire, and their bodies blocked the light until at times it felt like they were fighting in complete darkness.  But then Louisa would hack one of them away, and the light would bloom once more.  Teshenah ran over and fought two more that were swarming Louisa, hacking them both into pieces.
Helen shot two more of the beasts and then spun around to look for another target, but suddenly there were none.  She panted for breath and forced herself to lower the rifle.  One of them was moving on the ground, and Burt walked over and stomped on its head, squashing it flat.
Louisa’s hair was tangled and hung in front of her face.  She pushed it away and shone the light around the room at the piles of dead creatures.  There were at least twenty of them now littering the mine floor.
“Jesus Christ,” Burt swore, his hands shaking.  He opened up the cylinder to his revolver and dumped out the empty bullet casings.  “What in the name of God are these things?”  He fumbled in his pocket for more bullets.
Teshenah slid the handle of his hatchet through a loop at his belt and then began to roll up one of his sleeves.  “I’ve been injured.  One of them bit me.”
“Me too, I think,” Louisa said.  She calmly set the lantern on the floor and reached to touch the back of her shoulder.  Her fingers came away wet with blood.
Helen, glad for something to distract her, took out her canteen and the pack of bandages.  As Burt paced back and forth near the tunnel, Helen washed off Teshenah’s arm and wrapped it up.  He had some pierce marks from the beasts’ fangs.  Louisa had not been bitten, merely scratched, but Helen cleaned that as well and tried to tie some bandages around her shoulder, although she didn’t think they would stay in place.
“They really are demons, ain’t they?” Louisa said.
“Well, they don’t look like any animal I’ve ever seen before, that’s for damn sure,” Burt said.
Teshenah rolled his sleeve back down.  He took a piece of dirty cloth off the ground and used it to wipe off his tomahawk.  “This is just the start.  There are others, different ones, like the ones we saw in town.”
“But where do they come from?” Helen asked.
“The dark stone.  It brought them here,” Teshenah said, and then he shook his head.  “I do not know.”
“We should get more people,” Burt said.  “The four of us can’t handle this.”
“Who could we get?” Helen asked him sincerely.  “You said it earlier yourself, Burt.  No one’s going to come down here with us and you know it.  They’re too scared.  Honestly, I don’t blame them.”
“I’m just trying to be realistic.”
“Do you regret coming along?”
“A little bit, yeah.”
Louisa stretched her arm to make sure the bandage wouldn’t come loose.  “We can’t turn back now.  We’ve come this far.  And we know what to expect.  We have weapons.  We can do this.”  She looked at Burt and gave him an awkward little smile.  “Come on, Burt.  You can’t quit now.  You’ve got to protect me, remember?”
Burt sighed and looked at Helen and Louisa.  “Damn women,” he muttered, “I swear, they always get me into trouble.”
Chapter Ten

Louisa insisted on still walking in front, and she refused to let anyone else carry the lantern.  Burt agreed to walk beside her, with Helen and Teshenah behind them.  Burt honestly felt like Helen should be the one in front, since this whole thing was her idea, but he still possessed some old-fashioned notions about chivalry, so he took the lead even though every muscle in his body wanted him to go the other way.  Burt was not a superstitious man, but this place utterly creeped him out.  How in the world did any sane man work in a place like this?  Now that he was actually down in one of the mines, he wondered how he could have been crazy enough to ever consider joining a mining crew.
And whatever tiny sliver of doubt he still had about the truthfulness of the miners’ stories was now long gone.  Those flying lizard things were not beings of this world, they were from somewhere else.  And now Burt and the others were going even farther down.  Who knew what other nightmare creatures they might have to fight?  He wished Louisa and Helen weren’t so stubborn.
The mine tunnel narrowed in places and widened in others, and some of the thick wooden braces were cracked or rotted.  It was a miracle this mine hadn’t just collapsed on its own already.  Every time the mine would veer to the left or right, Louisa would step forward and shine a pitifully weak beam of light up ahead.  
If Burt had his way, they would have brought a dozen lanterns with them.  The darkness was like a physical force pushing against them, fighting against the light, swallowing them whole.  Teshenah carried a spare lamp they found in the first room, but without more lamp oil it was useless.  And if the lamp Louisa carried ran out of oil, then they were truly doomed.  Burt knew that if they were lost in the dark, then they were all as good as dead.
They thought they heard more strange noises up ahead, but after waiting for a minute or two, decided to continue on.  The mine tunnel dipped down another slight incline, and then opened up into another chamber, this one slightly smaller than the previous two.  More tools and equipment were scattered around, but nothing useful.  However, this room had two branches heading farther into the mine, giving them a choice to make.
Helen looked at the two tunnel entrances and gestured forward with her rifle.  “This one.  Let’s go down this way.”
Teshenah was in the middle of the room, looking at the floor.  Like he had done outside the mine, he inspected the dirt on the ground and then took a few steps toward each tunnel.  He knelt down and touched the dirt leading into the tunnel Helen had selected.
“No,” he said quietly, shaking his head just a bit.  “Not this way.  This leads to a dead end.  We should go the other way instead.”
Helen looked like she wanted to disagree with him, but Burt placed his hand on her arm.  “He’s the scout, after all,” he said.  “I think we should trust his judgment.”
She nodded and said, “Yes, you’re right.  Okay, Teshenah, we’ll go that way.”
Burt gladly stood aside to let Teshenah walk in front of him.  Now with Teshenah and Louisa taking the lead, they made their way down the second tunnel, which swerved back and forth a few times.  Sections of the wall here were gouged and chopped up with piles of loose dirt everywhere, giving the tunnel a number of dark corners and alcoves.
Burt tried not to look into the dark spaces.  He kept his gaze forward, at wherever Louisa was aiming their light.  Every time he tried to look where the light was not shining, he felt cold shivers down his spine, and could swear he heard strange whispers in the back of his mind.  The darkness clawed at them relentlessly, seeking gaps in their defenses, pushing against the feeble light of the lantern like water pushing against a dam, ready to flood and drown them all.
Louisa lifted her hand with the machete and pressed her forearm against her mouth.  “Oh, do you smell that?  It’s awful.”
“Yes,” Helen said in a strained voice,  “I smell it too.”
Burt barely heard her.  He couldn’t smell anything.  All he could think about was the scratching voices just on the very edge of his perception.
The tunnel went forward and then it opening into yet another large room.  As they crossed the threshold, the lantern’s light illuminated what appeared to be a group of figures standing near the opposite side of the chamber.
“My God!” Helen cried out, nearly dropping her rifle in surprise.  “There’s survivors down here!”
She started to bolt forward, but Teshenah blocked her path and held her back.  “No!” he shouted defiantly.  “These are not men!”
Louisa screamed, and the sound was enough to shake Burt free from his distracted state.  He raised his eyes to look at the group of people, and watched as they staggered closer into the light.  They were men and women, nearly indistinguishable in ragged, filthy clothes, stained with mud and dark red blotches of dried blood.  Their skin was a diseased greenish gray, and the putrid stink of rot and decay wafted off them like a wave.  
Teshenah unslung his rifle and opened fire as the mob descended on them.  Louisa screamed frantically and tried to get around them, while Helen gagged in disgust and raised her rifle as well and began to shoot.
Burt had seen men get shot before.  It was never a pretty sight, even when the man getting shot was your enemy.  There was always a reaction, a moment when the victim reeled back in shock, or their face fell as they realized they had been hit.  When you pulled the trigger on a man, you could anticipate that moment, that brief flicker of recognition.
These people did not react.  Bullets struck them right in the center of their chest and they didn’t blink, didn’t hesitate, didn’t even notice the shots ripping through their bodies.  They just shuffled forward, arms outreached, mouths gaping wide in wordless cries of terror.  Burt  could not stand to look at their hideous, inhuman expressions, so he aimed higher and shot them right in the face.  
Louisa and Teshenah got separated from Helen and Burt.  Louisa was still screaming her head off, desperately trying to fend off the mob that swarmed around her.  Helen got surrounded and suddenly flipped her rifle around and swung it like a club to make space around her.  The heavy wood stock caved in the skull of a woman and she dropped to the ground.  Helen spun around and swung the gun back around, racking in another bullet and shooting the closest man to her.  The room flashed and burst with gunfire and screams.
Burt fired his sixth bullet and quickly flipped open the cylinder to shake out the empty shells.  As he fumbled to replace them, a man with an unkempt beard and blood in his teeth surged forward and slipped through the mob to grab at him.  Burt stumbled backwards, back into the tunnel, grabbing the man’s cold and greasy hands to keep him at bay.  He slipped on loose dirt and fell over backwards, and the man toppled to the dirt beside him.  The tunnel cut off the light, and Burt was marooned in the dark.  The man scrabbled in the dirt and crawled towards him, snatching at his legs.  Burt kicked him away and managed to get one bullet into his pistol.  He snapped it closed, aimed at the shadow looming over him, and pulled the trigger.  In the flash of light from the gunshot, Burt glimpsed the man keel over with a bullet hole between his eyes.
He could hear the others, but could not see them.  The darkness was complete and overwhelming, like being lost at sea.  The gun slipped from Burt’s hands as he clapped them over his ears to keep out the voices that were even now swarming around like icy tendrils, trying to pierce their way in.  He kicked and screamed, but the voices kept coming, stabbing at him like knives.
Sarah was there.  He saw her face, but not as it was when she was alive.  She was like those people in the mine chamber, her skin a waxy gray and her eyes cloudy and white.  She clawed at him with dirty hands, begging him to join her.  The voices were numerous, like a crowd of shrieking banshees, but each one of them seemed to come from her mouth.  And little Danny was there too, grabbing at his legs and calling his name.  Burt sobbed and squeezed his eyes shut, but the voices would not leave him alone.
“Burt?  Burt!”  another voice, this one different than the others.  Was it Sarah?  Was she alive again?  Burt had only the tiniest string to hold onto sanity, but he held on with all his might.
“Here!  Grab him!  Burt, drink this!”  Something was forced between his teeth, and then whiskey poured into his mouth.  He coughed and hacked, spitting it over himself, but the flash of fire down his throat was enough to shake him out of the depths of insanity.  Coughing again, he grabbed the flask and drained the rest of the whiskey.
People were kneeling over him.  Two women and a man.  Burt remembered their names now, and realized where he was.
“Are you okay?” Louisa asked.
“Help me up,” he said, nodding.  “Help me up.”
They got him back to his feet and Teshenah handed him his pistol, which he had tossed away in the throes of madness.  He brushed dirt off it to hide the fact that his hands were still shaking.
“Are they all …?” he asked, looking around.  “Did you get the rest of them?”
“Yes,” Teshenah answered.  “Killed them, though they were already dead.”
Helen and Louisa looked sick, their faces pale and hollow.  Burt figured he didn’t look much better himself.  He steadied himself by reloading his pistol.  They were all haunted by what they had just seen, but none of them were exactly ready to talk about it.
They walked back to the chamber, which was now a grisly scene with bodies sprawled all over the place.  Burt looked across the corpses intently, wondering if any of them were going to get back up.  The room stank of death and blood.  It was more than enough to twist Burt’s stomach.
“Mine workers?” Burt asked no one in particular.
“Wendigo,” Teshenah said.  “They are a legend among some of my people.  They are like ghouls.  These men were overcome by their greed, and now they are cursed to feed on the flesh of others.”
Helen was methodically walking among the corpses, looking at every one.  She even checked the women, of which there were only a few.  She made a circle around the room and then let out a breath, shaking her head.
“He’s not … he’s not here,” she said. 


Chapter Eleven

“We could go back to town,” Helen said, her voice weak.  “Inform the sheriff about these … these people.”
“And tell them what?” Burt asked.
Louisa angrily shook her head.  “They would never believe us.  Never.”
Burt kept fiddling with his gun, so he stuck it in its holster to get it out of his hands.  “Even if you convinced the sheriff to send men down here,” he said wearily, “all they’d find is a group of miners who had been shot to death.  And we’re the ones who shot them.”
Helen stared at him, aghast.  “You can’t mean … Do you think the sheriff would accuse us of murdering them?”
“Easier to do that then face the truth, don’t you think?  But it don’t matter, because they won’t send anyone down here.  And if we go back to Haventown and start telling people that the mine is full of dead people coming back to life, they’ll throw us all in an asylum.”
“So what do we do?” Helen asked.
Teshenah was standing at the entrance to the next tunnel.  He had his tomahawk in one hand and his rifle resting on his shoulder.  “We continue on,” he said.  “We finish what we came here to do.”
Louisa said, “I agree with Teshenah.”
Burt didn’t want to go any further into the mine, but at the same time he knew they couldn’t just give up and crawl defeated back to town.  They had seen too much already.  How could any of them just go on living a normal life after their experiences down in this hellhole?  They had no choice but to keep going until they reached the end.  It was the only way they would achieve a sense of closure, a belief that they had accomplished something.  Either that, or they were all going to die, and no one in Haventown would even notice.
They all took a few moments to prepare.  Louisa checked their lantern and confirmed that they still had adequate oil left.  Teshenah and Helen reloaded their rifles and Burt did the same with his pistol.  By some miracle, none of them had actually been injured in the fight with the dead miners, but they all checked each other for scratches and cuts just in case.  Burt didn’t even want to think about getting some kind of infection or disease due to a simple scratch.
“How many bullets do you have left?” Helen asked.
Burt closed his pistol, cocked the hammer, and then slowly lowered the hammer back down before returning the gun to its holster.  “A few,” he said.  “Enough for one more reload.”
Louisa said, “I used my little gun on one of those people.  That was my only shot.”
“I have no more extra bullets,” Teshenah said.
“Maybe we’ll get lucky and find some more,” Helen said, but none of them believed that.
Once they were ready, they entered the next tunnel.  This time, Helen and Teshenah went first, and Louisa agreed to be in the back.  She still held the lantern and raised it high so it shone over Helen’s shoulder.  The tunnel dipped down at an incline, steeper than before, and when it leveled out again, Burt felt that the air had gotten colder.  He exhaled and his breath came out in a wisp of cloud.  The others noticed it too, but no one said anything.
They continued onward, following the mine shaft as it swerved and twisted so much that they were not longer what direction they were even heading in.  All they knew was that they were going deeper and deeper underground. 
Time ceased to have meaning.  The air got colder and thinner, and at times the lantern seemed to flicker uncertainly, despite Louisa’s insistence that there was still plenty of oil remaining.  At one point, they came to a fork in the tunnel, and Teshenah, after short consideration, selected the right fork.  Even though they had only had to pick a direction two times, Burt wasn’t sure if he could even find his way back out of the mine if he had to.  Sometimes, he had to fight the urge to look back, as if to make sure that the tunnel wasn’t closing up behind them.
Finally, after what felt like hours of pointless marching down an endless tunnel, they came to another chamber.  The floor under their feet was solid rock, and the walls were no longer chipped and scraped by shovels and picks.  The mine seemed to have inexplicably changed into some kind of natural subterranean cavern without them even noticing.
As they emerged from the tunnel into the chamber, strange yellow lights seemed to light up in the distance, seeming to come from far way, making the chamber appear larger than it really was.  Teshenah, in front of Burt, hissed a breath and raised his rifle.  Burt instinctively drew his gun, even as the yellow lights began to hover towards them.
They weren’t lights.  They were eyes.  Sharp, triangular yellow eyes belonging to hulking, malformed beings with diseased blue skin.  They had stubby legs and oversize arms ending in massive gray claws.  They looked like some alien breed of gorilla, except that their faces were anything but human, with a huge slash for a mouth filled with sharp gray teeth.  
They were demons, like Teshenah had said.  Demons straight out of a nightmare.
Helen and Teshenah immediately opened fire, Helen dropping to one knee while Teshenah leaned near the wall and fired over her shoulder.  Louisa screamed in fury and rushed them, waving her machete over her head.  These beasts, or something very like them, had been among the creatures that struck the Goldline Tavern.  Burt had no choice but to run out after her, firing with his pistol.  His bullets struck their thick hide and barely slowed them down.
“Burt!  Louisa!” Teshenah cried.  “Take cover!”
He turned and saw Teshenah lighting one of the sticks of dynamite.  Its fuse came alight with a sparkling flame, and then Teshenah hurled the stick into the center of the crowd of monsters.  Burt ran and grabbed Louisa, who was hacking at one of the beasts.  She struggled against him and he yanked hard, pulling both of them to the ground.
The dynamite exploded with a thunderous boom that practically deafened them.  A cloud of dirt and dust blossomed up and filled the room, and they were pelted with bits of dirt and stone.  The beasts howled in agony, proving that they could feel pain at least.
Burt rolled over, coughing with all the dust.  His ears were ringing, and he couldn’t see anything, as the lantern had rolled away and was now shining its light on the far wall.  Louisa squirmed her way free of him and got to her feet.  She yelled something unintelligible, half furious scream and half miserable sob, and ran towards the beasts that were still standing.
More gunshots rang out, and Burt blinked away the dust and aimed his pistol.  A few of the monsters were shuffling toward Helen and Teshenah.  At least four of them were dead on the ground, killed in the explosion.  Burt shot one of them in the back, pulling the trigger until his gun clicked empty, and it teetered and flopped over, gushing thick purple blood.
Louisa was smashing her machete into another beast as it howled and swiped at her with its claws.  She shrieked in pain and staggered back.  Burt aimed his gun but it was empty, so he tossed it aside and drew his lasso out.  With an expert flick of his wrist, he swept the rope into the air and immediately got it spinning, and then hurled the loop at the beast.  The loop settled perfectly around the monster’s shoulders, and Burt pulled back as hard as he could.  The monster howled and pulled against him, and he had to dig in with his heels to hold it back, but the stone floor left little for him to dig into.
Two more monsters were attacking Teshenah, who defiantly held them back with his tomahawk as Helen continued firing.  Burt pulled backward and dragged the monster away from Louisa, who was down on one knee, holding her arm tightly against her side.  Even in the dim light, Burt could see the blood shining on her skin.
Teshenah went down under the claws of the beasts, and Helen screamed as she fired at them at point-blank range.  Her rifle boomed and the last of them finally collapsed to the ground.
“Helen!” Burt shouted.
Helen racked her rifle, but it was empty.  She had fired her last shot.  Rather than try and spend time reloading, she dropped the gun and grabbed Teshenah’s tomahawk.  The beast caught in Burt’s lasso growled and rushed at him, and Helen met it halfway, swinging the blade right on top of its head and cleaving its skull in two.  Blood gushed from the beast’s mouth as it dropped to the ground.  Frantically, Helen and Burt looked around to make sure the rest of them were dead.
“Help me with Teshenah!” Helen cried. 
“Louisa’s hurt too,” Burt said.  “Let me check on her first.”
Louisa was on her feet, her face stretched in pain.  “I’m okay, I’m okay,” she said breathlessly, clutching her bloody arm.  But the look on her face was evidence that she was anything but okay.
“We got to get you bandaged up,” Burt said.  Louisa’s legs wobbled and she nearly fell over, so Burt scooped her up in his arms and carried her over to where Teshenah was laying.  Helen grabbed a handful of bandages and pressed them against the bloody wound bubbling on his chest.
Teshenah groaned and clenched his teeth, his skin pale and covered in a sheen of sweat.  The monster’s claws had sliced deep gashes from his shoulder down to almost his stomach, shredding his shirt and opening up long bloody gouges in his skin.  His entire chest was already covered in blood.  Burt right away knew that the wound was a fatal one unless they could get him stitched up as soon as possible.  Otherwise he would bleed to death in a few minutes.  But none of them were physicians, and they didn’t have the supplies to properly care for him.  Helen was trying to get his wounds wrapped with minimal success.  Her hands were smeared with Teshenah’s blood, and tears were streaming down her cheeks.  
Burt made his choice.  In times like this, it was better to help the person that could actually be saved.  He laid Louisa back down and took a strip of bandages.  Louisa held out her slashed arm and Burt did his best to wrap it tightly, even though blood seeped through the cloth.  The wound was bad and would leave a scar, but Louisa would make it.  She also had a bad gash right on her hip, but there was little they could do about that, so she held a small wad of bandages against it for now.
As soon as her arm was wrapped up, Louisa crawled over to Teshenah.  She sat down and cradled his head in her lap, gently brushing away strands of hair and whispering soothing words to comfort him.  Burt took out his pocket knife and cut away the rest of Teshenah’s shirt, and then he and Helen methodically used up the rest of their bandages to wrap his chest and cover up the bloody slashes as much as they could.  Teshenah blinked and his breathing settled down, and in a weak voice he asked for some water.  Helen let him drink all that remained in her canteen.
“We have to get him out of here,” Burt said.  “I think he’s stable, but he can’t go any farther.”
Teshenah shook his head and made an effort to sit up, but Louisa was having none of it.  She held him down and continued to caress his brow and whisper gently, as if her words were some kind of magic spell that could heal him.  He let Louisa do her magic, but grunted and said, “No, we are not leaving yet.  Just give me a minute to rest and we will keep going.”
Burt shared a concerned look with Helen, but then he shrugged.  “All right, Teshenah.  But if you can’t walk, then I’m going to carry you out of here myself.”

Chapter Twelve

Burt loaded his last five bullets into the cylinder and then closed it with a sense of finality.  “Well, that’s all for me.”
Helen sighed and held her rifle in her hands.  “I have eight rounds left.  Teshenah’s gun is empty.”
“So that’s it?”
Burt took the other stick of dynamite out of his back pocket and held it up.  “And this.  Do you want to handle this one, Teshenah?”
Teshenah was on his feet and leaning on Louisa for support.  As far as Helen was concerned, it was a miracle that he was standing at all.  They had bandaged him up as best they could, and tightly buttoned up his blue jacket to try and keep the bandages in place, but he desperately needed a physician to clean the wounds and stitch him up properly.  
“No,” he said in a tired voice.  “No, I could not throw it.”
“You better give me those matches, then.”
Louisa took them from Teshenah’s jacket pocket and gave them to Burt.  She carried the lantern with her injured arm and still wielded her machete.  Teshenah had his tomahawk, but Helen doubted he would be much use with it.  And she and Burt had a combined thirteen shots between the two of them.  
“All right, then,” Helen said.  “Are we ready?”
She and Burt went first down the next winding tunnel.  Again, she marveled at how deep this mine went.  Although technically, they were no longer in the mine, they were now in a subterranean cavern.  But how deep did the cavern go?  For all they knew, they were miles beneath the surface.  They might be directly under Haventown by now.
After awhile, they reached the end of the cave tunnel.  The lantern illuminated a massive chamber with a high ceiling lined with stalactites, that extended out before them and then curved to the left.  The rock walls were a sickly gray-green color and the cave smelled of mold and decay.  The amorphous rock formations cast multiple shadows, seemingly in directions were the light wasn’t even shining.  Helen thought she detected some kind of faintly-noticeable vibration in the rock floor, but she didn’t want to check to make sure.  Cautiously they all moved through the cave and followed it around the curve, tensely waiting for some new horror to show up and block their path.
“Look,” Burt said pointing with his gun.
From around the side of some huge rocks, Helen saw bodies sprawled all over the floor.  Ten or fifteen of them, as if they had been dumped there intentionally, their limbs all twisted and tangled.  Again, the stink of death reached Helen’s nostrils, but she was so accustomed to it by now that she barely noticed.  She kept her rifle pressed against her shoulder and crept forward with the others right behind her.  At any moment, she expected these corpses to get up like the other ones, but the closer she got, she could tell that these bodies were truly dead.
“How can there be so many?” she asked out loud.  They had already encountered more than a dozen dead miners in the other chamber, and there were more than that number here.  Could this mine possibly have more than thirty dead miners and townsfolk?  How could so many people have gone missing without the news spreading all over the country?  There should have been a crowd of people in Haventown demanding to know the truth.  And this was just one single mine.  Helen now believed that this same thing must be happening all over.  How many people had lost their lives in these terrible mines?  Hundreds or even thousands?
Behind her, Burt reached down and picked something off the ground.  It was a small sliver of purple crystal about the size of his thumb.
“So this is what all the fuss is about,” he muttered.  “All these poor folks died for this.”
He made a sour face and tossed the bit of dark stone away.
Helen stepped carefully among the twisted corpses.  It was clear that not all of these people had died at the same time.  Some of their bodies were far more decayed than others.  One or two looked like they had only been killed in the last few days.  Like before, there were men and women, a few of them elderly, but thankfully no children.  Helen didn’t think they were all miners, either.  Some of them looked like regular people from town.
She paused when she crossed over one of the bodies.  A young man, badly decomposed, one arm missing at the elbow and his lower body buried under two other corpses.  Something seemed familiar to Helen.  The color of his hair or the shape of his jaw.  She slowly knelt down and touched the collar of the man’s filthy gray shirt.  Pulling it aside, she saw a thin metal chain embedded in the decayed flesh around his neck.
A shining pendant hung from the chain, with an engraved letter M, exactly the same as the one that Helen wore.
She looked at it for a long time.  Burt, Louisa, and Teshenah stood silently behind her, giving her space.  Tears dripped down her cheeks, but she didn’t cry out loud, she was far too numb and exhausted for that.  From the moment that she had entered the mine, she had always known that Henry was almost certainly dead, but she could not return to her family without knowing for sure.  In a way, she had already mourned him.
She closed her eyes and shut away the vision of his decomposed body.  Instead, she remembered him as he was:  young, energetic, and playful.  Her little baby brother, gone from this world too soon.
And underneath all that, she hated the world that had conspired against him and led him to this ignominious death.  She hated the mining companies, the ruthless businessmen who profited from the misery and torment of others, and she hated the damned dark stone that had filled the minds of so many people with greed, including her brother.  He had been ambitious and foolish, and maybe a little greedy himself, and now he was gone and all Helen had left were her memories.
She wrapped the chain tightly around her hand.  She wanted to avenge herself on the people that had allowed this to happen, but she knew that such vengeance would be denied her.  The wealthy companies would never face punishment for any of this.  They would shuffle around their managers and their executives, and the blame would disappear into a fog of corporate red tape, and no one would face any real consequences for any of these pointless, tragic deaths.
But she could get her vengeance another way.  Helen might not be able to punish the politicians and businessmen responsible for the death of her brother and so many others, but she could certainly take out her anger on the monsters that had killed him.

Chapter Thirteen

“I’m sorry about your brother,” Louisa said when Helen turned back to face them again.
Helen sighed and nodded.  “Thank you.  Do you … do you recognize any of these other people here, Louisa?”
Louisa pointed vaguely at the bodies.  “There’s a man there.  I don’t know his name, but I know he came to the Goldline a few times.  He was one of the mining supervisors.  I heard that he had been sent to a mine in another town.  But he’s right there.”
“The man at the mining office told me they reassign their supervisors all the time,” Helen said bitterly.  “That’s how they try to cover it up.  When someone goes missing, they just claim they sent them somewhere else.”
“So what do we do now?” Burt asked.  He had his gun in his hand, and was rotating the cylinder absent-mindedly.
“We keep going,” Louisa said immediately.  “That … that monster that destroyed the Goldline is still down here.”
Teshenah looked in the direction of the next section of tunnel.  “I believe that we are nearly at the bottom of this mine.  If we go that way, we will find out what is at the very end.”
Burt looked evenly at Helen.  “It’s your call.  You’re the one who brought us down here.”
Louisa looked at the rest of them imploringly.  “We can’t go back now.  We can’t give up, not when we’ve come so far.”
“We’re nearly out of ammunition,” Burt pointed out.  “And Teshenah’s hurt pretty bad.”
“I can make it,” Teshenah said.
“I didn’t say you couldn’t,” Burt replied, “I just said that you’re hurt, which is true.  If we go back to town, we can get more supplies, get a doctor to look at you, and come back here as soon as we can to finish this, right?”
Louisa clearly wanted to say more, but she took a few deep breaths and kept it to herself.  The others all knew that Helen came down into the mine to find her brother, but Louisa had come for her own reasons.  If the others chose to return to town, Louisa might stay behind and continue to the bottom of the mine on her own.
Helen wiped her face on her sleeve and walked over to Teshenah.  “What are we going to run into down there?” she asked him.  “Do you think we really have a chance against it?”
“I do,” Teshenah said.  “A chance.  I am willing to risk it.  But I would not make such a decision for the rest of you.”
“No, we have to make that decision ourselves,” Helen said.  She looked at Louisa and Burt, and both of them nodded in agreement.
It felt wrong to steal from the dead, but they had to check the bodies for anything they might be able to use.  Burt found three rifle bullets in a dead man’s pocket and gave them to Helen, but that was all they discovered.  Once they were sure that they were as prepared as they were ever going to be, they entered the next section of tunnel and continued to what they hoped was the very end of the mine.
The walls of the tunnel were solid stone, and were marked with scratches and gouges that looked like they were made from claws instead of tools.  The walls seemed to glow red in the light of the lantern, as if channels of magma burned just under the surface, and yet the air was freezing cold.  Their breath puffed from the mouths in white clouds.  Helen believed that they were no longer on Earth at all.  At some point, they had entered another realm, another world where mankind was not welcome.  Even the weight and movement of their own bodies felt wrong, as if gravity was not the same in this cursed place.  
Helen had accomplished what she came here to do – she had found her brother – but now her only regret was that she would die down here with him, and her parents would lose two children and never know what happened to them.
She kept Henry’s pendant tightly wrapped around her hand.  When she clenched her fist, the chain cut into her skin.  That slight pain was enough to keep her focused and grounded, and it held the distorted shadows and evil whispers in the back of her mind at bay.
Beside her was Louisa, her face covered in a sheen of sweat, her hair a messy tangle, the bandage on her arm now dirty and stained.  She held up the lantern, but her hand shook, either from fear or exhaustion, Helen was not sure.  Louisa was still practically a girl, and Helen wished that she had never come.  She was too young to be facing otherworldly dangers like these.
Walking behind Helen was Teshenah, but it was a miracle that he was walking at all, given his traumatic injuries.  His force of will to keep going was incredible, although the wounds had taken their toll.  He still carried his tomahawk in one hand, but how effective would it be in a fight, since he barely had the strength to wield it?  Helen could not help but think that Teshenah also believed that he was going to his death, so his injuries didn’t matter.  Maybe he thought he would die with honor.  
Burt, who walked close behind Louisa, was the biggest mystery in Helen’s mind.  Why was Burt still with them?  He had argued for them to leave the mine several times already, and he was the only one of them who was not truly determined to see it through.  Helen wasn’t sure why Burt chose to stay with them.  He could have left at any time.  Was it a sense of obligation that kept him from leaving?  Or maybe he simply didn’t want to be seen as a coward.  If he decided at this moment to turn around and leave the others to their fate, Helen didn’t think she could really blame him.  But she appreciated his presence, and she believed that underneath his swagger and cockiness, he was honestly a good man.
The tunnel continued in a straight line for what seemed like miles.  It was almost perfectly circular, as if a huge drill had cut this path through the solid stone.  It felt like they were descending right to the very center of the earth.
Gradually, the tunnel opened up and they could feel that the end was near.  Somehow, some psychic sense informed them that this was the final chamber, the very bottom of his impossibly deep mine.  They all could feel it in the air, sense it like a tingling on their skin.
The four of them emerged into another chamber, larger than all the others combined.  The roof of the massive cavern was lost in shadows.  The lantern’s light did not reach that far.  They felt like they were at the bottom of a bottomless pit, lost in the middle of an endless black plain.  The ground underfoot was no longer dirt or even stone, but some kind of thick black dust that coated their boots.  All around them, they could hear a faint howling whisper, like wind heard only from a distance.
And then, from out of the gloom, a giant appeared.

Chapter Fourteen

It was the King of All Demons.  The Lord of Hell.  The Harbinger of Death.  If Helen could have imagined what the Devil looked like, this monstrous creature would be it.  Its height was impossible to tell because it was hunched down on all fours, edging forward like a predator sneaking up on its prey, but even in that posture, Helen barely came up to the demon’s shoulder.  If it reared up and stood up straight, it would have been at least twenty feet tall.  And that height did not include the huge reptilian wings that sprouted from its back.
The giant demon’s skin was the color of rotten meat, a sickening purplish-green, and it glistened with slime.  Its head was narrow and angular, with two massive curved horns that curled like a ram’s horns, and half a dozen tiny red eyes that sparkled like gemstones.  Its mouth was a vertical slash down its face, and was lined with slivers of tiny black teeth.  Its long, thin limbs seemed to have too many joints, and ended in jagged claws like chunks of black glass.  Behind it was a writhing tail as thick as a tree trunk.
There was no fighting this creature.  Helen didn’t think that an army of soldiers could kill something like this.  She knew that they were all going to die.  But she held her ground and raised her rifle just the same.
Louisa screamed something and ran at the demon, heedless of the danger.  She didn’t care if she died, she just wanted some kind of revenge.  Her machete slashed down at the beast’s outstretched claw and it hissed at her, the sound filling their ears like a thousand angry swarms of hornets.  Teshenah ran around the demon from the other direction, clutching his free hand against his chest, his face etched in pain, and hacked his tomahawk down with all his might, slashing into the demon’s rear leg.
Helen opened fire, aiming her shots as carefully as she could.  One after the other, striking the demon right in its chest.  The bullets seemed to splash against its skin, rippling and pulsing.  The demon screeched and twisted around, slashing its massive claws in their direction.  Every moment that Helen stood before the demon, she felt the pressure of unspeakable terror bearing down on her, but she would not let it overcome her.  She racked another shell and pulled the trigger, this time hitting the demon on the side of its face.  It howled as bubbling purple blood splattered to the ground.
Burt moved to the side and fired his pistol, trying to get at the demon from the side.  He struck its arm twice as it slashed down at Louisa, who continued to slam her machete against its leathery skin.
The demon spun around, its huge wings sweeping past, and Teshenah was lifted off his feet and hurled away.  He landed on his side and rolled to a stop, the tomahawk knocked away into the shadows.  Helen cried out and fired two more shots, but she forced herself to aim.  She only had a few bullets remaining.  
Burt shouted something and she glanced in his direction.  He had the dynamite in his hand and held a match to the fuse.  It sparked to life and Burt hurled the stick into the air.  The world seemed to slow down, and Helen watched in slow motion as the stick sailed upward, spitting gray smoke, and then arced back down toward the demon.  She prayed it would land right between the demon’s shoulder blades and blow it back to Hell.  
But the demon turned again, swinging its huge wings, and batted the dynamite out of the air.  It went flying off to the side and clattered to the ground.  Burt moaned in despair and froze, holding his gun up but not able to shoot.
Louisa screamed and ran away from the demon.  Burt cried out and fired off two more shots at its hideous face, trying to cut her off.  But she reached the dynamite, grabbed it, and spun around to throw it with all her might.  It made it almost all the way back to the demon and exploded in mid-air with a bright flash and deafening boom.  The demon squealed and thrashed around, as if the sound itself had wounded it.
In its wild thrashing, it swept its tail around in a circle.  Louisa fearlessly charged the demon, machete raised high, and its massive tail smashed into her small body with a gut-wrenching crunch.  The machete and lantern went flying, and Louisa flipped through the air and fell limply to the ground and lie motionless.  The lantern rolled across the floor, swinging wild beams of light and shadow in all directions.
Helen ran forward and fired shot after shot, hitting the demon’s torso and shoulders, hoping to hit a weak point.  Bubbling blood smeared the monster’s chest.  With a blood-curdling roar, it lunged forward.  Helen fired her very last bullet and held up her father’s rifle as the demon’s claw slashed in front of her.  She flew backward and landed hard, the rifle still in her hands, cleaved in half.  She felt the wetness of blood running down her arm but felt no pain.
She sat up when she heard someone calling out in a loud, clear voice.  Miraculously, Teshenah was standing just behind the demon, his tomahawk held high, calling out some kind of tribal song.  Helen didn’t know how he was even still alive.  Teshenah hacked at the monster’s back and grabbed one of the curved horns running down its spine.  When the demon turned, Teshenah held on and was swung around, but he kept singing and bashing his tomahawk into the monster’s back, even as it screeched and tried to shake him loose.
Burt grabbed the lantern off the ground.  He shined the light in the demon’s face and it roared furiously at him.  And then Burt simply tossed the lantern almost casually into the air.  Helen watched in disbelief as Burt aimed his pistol and fired, striking the lantern as it flew up over the demon’s head.  The lantern burst apart, spilling oil that immediately caught flame and splashed down across the demon’s head and back.  With a whoosh of flame, the demon was ignited, the fire bright enough to light up almost the entire cavern.  
It screeched so loud that Helen had to clap her hands over her ears.  Teshenah let go and tumbled to the ground as the demon flailed and swung around, trying to put out the flames.  It flapped its wings desperately, but that only made the flames spread.  Fire lit up from its arms and caught the webbing of its wings, and soon the entire beast was engulfed.  It howled and screeched and then finally let out a hideous death cry and slumped down and collapsed to the cavern floor, hitting the ground so hard that it shook like an earthquake, smoldering and smoking, filling the air with the disgusting stink of burning garbage.
Helen didn’t remember getting to her feet.  She gripped her shoulder tightly, blood seeping between her fingers, and shambled over to where Teshenah lay.  He looked up at her and there was a smile on his tired face.
“Can you stand?” Helen asked wearily.
He nodded.  “Yes.  I have not died yet, and I will not die now.”
She carefully pulled him to his feet.  His tomahawk was on the ground a few feet away, and she helped him pick it up.  Together, leaning on each other, they limped over to the other side of the cavern.
Burt was sitting on the ground, with Louisa’s body cradled in his arms.  He had taken his hat off and there was an unreadable expression on his face.
“Is she …?” Helen choked out, but she knew before she finished speaking.
Burt just shook his head and gently brushed hair away from Louisa’s face.  Her eyes were closed, and in that moment she looked more at peace than Helen had ever seen her.  Finally, the fear and hatred and stress that had marked her features for so long was gone.  After a few long moments, Burt got to his feet and sighed heavily with his hands on his hips.  He picked up his hat and then hesitated before setting it down in Louisa’s hands.
“Poor girl,” he muttered.  “It ain’t fair.  Life dealt her a bad hand.”
“May God give her soul peace,” Helen whispered.
“We can’t leave her here.”
“No,” Helen agreed.  “We can find something.  Some boards of wood, and make a litter.”
Teshenah looked pained.  “I cannot help you drag it.  I’m sorry, I need help to walk.”
Burt shook his head.  “I’ll carry her.  It’s okay.  Helen, you can help Teshenah.  I’ll carry –”
Suddenly the cavern lit up in a ghostly blue glow.  They all spun around to face the back of the cavern, where a rippling blue ball of light had magically appeared.  It was like a glowing circle of silvery blue mist ten feet in diameter, and it emitted a strange maddening hum and reverberated around the entire chamber.  Helen, hypnotized by the sight, took a step forward, until Burt put a hand on her shoulder to stop her.
From out of the glowing mist, figures emerged.
Chapter Fifteen

“No,” Helen whimpered, shaking her head.  “No, not more of them ...”
Creatures swarmed from the glittering blue portal like ants from an ant hill.  They had greasy grayish-blue skin and stubby limbs, and stood about as tall as a man.  They had no eyes, just a gaping black mouth lined with tiny white teeth.  Sprouting from their backs were whipping, writhing tentacles.  They chittered and snarled bestially, swinging their bodies left and right as if trying to pick up a scent, snapping their long sharp claws together like scissors.  Five of them, then ten, then fifteen, poured out of the glowing portal, slowly filling the cave.
Burt put his hand on his pistol, but he was out of bullets.  He watched the demons swarm into the cavern and just shook his head.  They almost made it out alive, he thought.  But this cursed mine wasn’t going to let them go so easily.
Helen was crying and backing away, Teshenah leaning heavily against her, barely able to stand on his own.  Burt was the only one of them who wasn’t injured.  He could have run.  Right now, he thought, he could bolt down that tunnel and leave them behind, and maybe he could make it.  Helen and Teshenah would just slow him down.
“What are we going to do?” Helen moaned in terror.
Burt grabbed Louisa’s machete off the ground and then ran over to where the two halves of Helen’s broken rifle lay in the dust.  He grabbed the stock, quickly pulled off his bandana, and tightly wrapped it around the stock.
“Come on!”  he shouted.  “Let’s go!”
Helen and Teshenah limped toward the tunnel entrance.  Burt, however, ran back to the burning body of the huge demon, as Helen called after him.  Gagging against the stink, he jammed the stock into the burning meat and then pulled it away.  Flames and black smoke poured from the end of the stock, serving as a capable torch, the demon’s own blood serving as fuel for the fire.
He ran back to Helen, pushed the torch into her hand, and ushered her and Teshenah down the tunnel.  Then he grabbed the tomahawk from Teshenah and shoved them away.
“Go!  Just go!  I’ll hold them off!!”
“Burt?” Helen said, staring at him.  “No, you have to –”
“I lied to you, okay?” he said.  “When you asked me why I was in Haventown.  I said I was just here to find work, but I lied.  That’s not why I came here.”
“What do you mean …?”
“I had a wife and a son,” Burt said intensely, the flickering light from the torch making him look crazed.  “Sarah and Danny.  They died two years ago.  My boy Danny was only five.  Ever since they died, I’ve been traveling around, looking for … looking for something to take the pain away, something dangerous and risky.  I couldn’t do it myself, you understand?”
Helen just shook her head.  “No, Burt, please come with us ...”
“The three of us are never gonna make it.  Those monsters will catch up to us.  I can stay here and hold them off long enough for you to get away.  But you have to go!  Now!”
Helen backed away, still shaking her head.  Teshenah did not speak, but the look in his eyes said everything that needed to be said.  They shuffled farther into the tunnel and finally Helen was able to look away.
Burt turned his back on them and ran back to the tunnel entrance.  The only light came from the huge burning body, but it was more than enough to see by.  By now the demons had circled around the burning corpse of their master and were edging toward the tunnel, snarling and slacking their claws together, the tentacles flailing and whipping around.  Twenty or thirty or a hundred of them, it made no difference.
He hefted Louisa’s machete in one hand and Teshenah’s tomahawk in the other.  This wasn’t exactly how he had planned to end the day, but he had no regrets.  Doing the right thing was never easy, and he had put it off for far too long.
The demons got closer until they were right at the mouth of the tunnel.
“All right then,” Burt said.  “Come and get me, you bastards.”
With a ear-splitting screech, the demons came at him like a flood.  He held his ground and smashed his weapons into them over and over, until he was coated in gore and became lost in the tangle of their stinging tentacles and was finally overcome.
Chapter Sixteen

Two days later, Helen Mosely stood on the stagecoach platform, her bags by her feet.  Her right arm was in a sling.  She could move it if she needed to, but it felt safer to rest the arm and allow it to heal.  In the distance, she could see a cloud of dust that signaled the coming stagecoach.  A porter would have to help her load her bags onto the coach.
Teshenah stood next to her, holding a walking stick to help him get around.  She turned and gave him a tired smile.  He looked the worse for wear, but he managed to smile back.  The physician in town had been shocked at the severity of Teshenah’s injuries – huge bloody gashes down his entire chest and broken ribs on top of that – but after hours of careful treatment, Teshenah was no longer in harm’s way.  He would bear the scars for the rest of his life, just as Helen would.
Their frantic escape from the mine was nothing a jumble in her mind.  She barely remembered anything but the fear that their makeshift torch would sputter out and leave them lost in darkness.  But after an interminable time, they made their way to the surface and saw sunlight once again.  It was still light outside when they left the mine.  Helen felt like they had been down there for days and days, but incredibly, only a few hours had passed.  She still had trouble believing it.
Once she managed to get Teshenah to the local doctor and get her own arm bandaged up, she immediately returned to the mine in the hopes that Burt might make it out.  She waited until late evening, but he never appeared.  
Helen had only known Burt and Louisa for less than a day, but she mourned him like friends she had known all her life.  Louisa died helping them defeat the demon, and Burt sacrificed his own life so that Helen and Teshenah could escape.  That was something she would never be able to truly come to terms with.
The stagecoach rumbled up the platform and the driver brought the team of horses to a stop.  They kicked and fussed, swishing their tails, as if uncomfortable stopping there.  The driver hopped down and opened the door to let the passengers out.  More newcomers to Haventown.  Helen fought the urge to run up to them and beg them to turn around and get back into the coach.
“What will you tell your family?” Teshenah asked her.
“I’ll tell them Henry died in the mine,” she said honestly.
“No, I mean what will you really tell them?” Teshenah said.
“The truth?” Helen wondered out loud.  “No, I can’t tell them that.  I’ll tell them that Henry was buried but no one knew how to contact his family, but they kept a few of his personal effects.  They gave me his pendant.”
Helen looked down at Henry’s pendant, which was tied around her wrist.  If nothing else, the pendant was evidence that she had gone down into the mines.  If she ever doubted her sanity or questioned her own memories, the pendant was proof of what she had experienced.
“What about you?” she asked.  “What are you going to do now?”
“Spend some time healing,” Teshenah said with a sigh.  “And then, who knows?  More people will learn what has been happening here.  Maybe there will be others who wish to descend into the mines and fight the evil that lurks there.”
“You would go back?”
He nodded.  “I would.  We achieved something great and noble, and I was honored to fight by your side.  But there are other mines and other demons.  As long as there is life in my body, I will seek out that evil and fight it.”
“You’re much braver than I am, Teshenah.”
“Perhaps.  Or maybe I’m just crazy.”
Helen chuckled at that.  “We’re both a little bit crazy now, I think.”
Teshenah put his hand on her shoulder.  “Go home to your family, Helen.  Embrace them and tell them you love them.  Be happy and live a good life.  That is the best way for you to honor the memories of those who have died.”
Helen gave Teshenah a hug, but gently, because of their injuries.  “Thank you, Teshenah.  For everything.  Now go and get some rest.  I think you’re going to need it.”
“Be safe, Helen,” Teshenah said.  “Farewell.”  He limped away from the platform and carefully went down the steps, and then disappeared into the crowd.
It took another few minutes for the stagecoach passengers to finish gathering their luggage.  The driver came over and spoke briefly to Helen before taking her money and ticket.  At the moment, she was the only person leaving Haventown.  Before they could leave, they had to check the horses for any problems, and give them plenty of food and water.  The driver told her it would be another quarter of an hour before they could leave.  Helen told him it was fine.  
“Miss Mosely?  Miss Mosely!” someone called out from the street.
She turned and was surprised to see the preacher Garrety walking quickly towards her.  He had an excited gleam in his eye, and his black clothing was caked with dust.
“My goodness!” he said, looking at her arm.  “What happened?  Did you hurt yourself?”
“It’s nothing,” she said, brushing away the comment.
“You’re leaving this terrible place, I hope?” Garrety asked.
She nodded.  “Yes.  I found out that my brother sadly passed away.  I’m returning home now.”
Garrety took off his hat and held it over his heart.  “My condolences.  I take it your brother perished working in the mine?  I apologize, I don’t mean to pry into your business.”
“It’s okay,” Helen said.  “Yes, I’m afraid that’s what happened.”
There was a severe edge to Garrety’s expression as he put his hat back on and pressed it onto his head.  “Those mines.  The dark stone.  It warps the souls of men.  I’ve heard nothing but horrors about what goes on in those mines.”
“Yes,” Helen said.
“In fact,” Garrety continued, “I met with a few people just this morning who are concerned about what’s been happening in town.  A law man from California has convinced a few people to go into the mines and see for ourselves what’s down there.”
“Oh,” Helen said.  She took a breath and touched Henry’s pendant.  “Well, I hope you’ll be careful.  The mines are … very dangerous.  Actually, I know a man in town who might be able to give you some information ...”
