Strange Tales

A Book
By
Philip R Benge

Smashwords Edition

***************

Published by
Philip R Benge on Smashwords

Strange Tales
Copyright Philip R Benge 2012
Cover Art Copyright Philip R Benge 2012


Thank you for downloading this eBook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form, with the exception of quotes used in reviews.

Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.

Contents
Story One: All Souls Rest
Story Two: The Box
Story Three: The Relic
Story Four: The Dark Witches
Story Five: The Guardian
Other Books by the Author


ALL SOULS REST

Matt Taylor had only recently moved to the wilds of Devon and he was starting his first day today at his new job. He had left early so that he could walk the mile and a bit down the country lanes towards Oakhampton where his office was located. He had decided to walk as it was such a nice day, and any way he had been putting a little weight on due to using the car too much. Ahead he noticed a very pretty young woman who was sitting on the garden wall of an old country cottage that seemed as old as the countryside about it.
Matt had decided to try and get into the ways of the country from the start and so had been stopping to chat to all he passed, to the surprise and consternation of a few of his neighbours, but it would need no effort on his part to stop and say hello to this young woman.
“Good morning, it really is a very nice day today isn't it.” Matt said throwing her one of his best smiles.
“Good morning, but I'm afraid it has not got off to a good start for me, you see I seem to have hurt my ankle. Would you very much mind giving me a hand up to my cottage?” With that, the young woman stood up, grimacing with pain as she tentatively rested her weight upon her injured foot.
“No, of course not, here put your weight on me.” With that, Matt put his arm around her waist and with her arm around his shoulder; they tottered off up the path to her door. Matt was sorry for the pain that she was in, but he was delighted to be of use to her as it would then give him the opportunity to call again and enquire after her health. As she settled herself upon a chair, the antique clock upon the mantle chimed the half hour and Matt realising that he had spent far too long socialising with all of his neighbours said his hurried goodbyes.
“Look, it seems I'll be late for my first day at the new job if I don't rush of now. Will you be all right if I leave you?” On receiving her rather reluctant permission to go, Matt rushed off, after wishing her well with her ankle.
During his first morning in the office, Matt happened to remark to his office Manager of his chance meeting with such a young woman who happened to live in a very old and charming cottage, and how he hoped to see her again.
“What charming old cottage down that lane?” Mr Boston said shaking his head. “Apart from a couple of old dilapidated farm houses and the converted barn owned by the yuppie couple, I don't recall seeing anything even remotely resembling what you describe Matt, are you sure that you didn't dream it.”
On laughing off his manager`s doubts to his sanity, and arguing on for a minute more the two men decided to walk down the lane during their lunch to find the cottage that had remained hidden from Boston during his five or so years that he had lived in these parts. The two men walked the length and breadth of the lane twice without finding any sign of the cottage and Matt was decidedly bothered after their efforts, but he knew that it was not all a dream. Back at the office, the two men tried to find an answer to his problem.
“Are you sure it was that lane that you walked down; I mean it was only the other day that you moved here Matt.” Boston said trying to give Matt a plausible answer to his problem.
“Yes, it is the only one that runs almost directly from my cottage to Oakhampton, I really don't know what to think, maybe I did imagine it, anyway when I find it again, I'll make sure I don't lose it quite so easily.” With that, the cottage was forgotten for the moment while the two men got back to the work in hand. Matt had to drive to work during the remainder of his first week, going via their factory on the way to the office and via their customers on the way home. This meant the cottage was forgotten until the weekend when he determined to find it again and pay his best wishes to the young woman. He had come to within a quarter of a mile from his office when the cottage appeared in front of him, complete with the pretty young woman, who seemed to be waiting by the gate to speak to him.
“Hello again, how are you this morning, is your ankle all right today?” Matt asked as he stopped beside her.
“Yes, it is fine now; I just needed a rest and a cold compress to put it to rights. Can I offer you a cup of tea in gratitude for your assistance?”
Matt did not need to be asked twice as he passed through the doorway of All Souls Rest; the name of the house was painted upon a sign hanging outside by the door. He soon found himself sitting in the conservatory at the rear of the house enjoying the company of the delightful Alice and drinking a cup of the most glorious tea that he had ever tasted. They spoke about his new cottage and his work, the brand of tea, which Alice assured Matt he would never find as she had it specially blended for her by an importer in London, but she always steered the conversation away whenever he tried to find out about Alice or her family. Oh well if she wanted to remain mysterious then he did not mind, not as long as he could look into her bright smiling eyes.
After laughing about Matt and Boston's failed attempts to find the house and putting it down to their looking at the wrong end of the lane, Alice excused herself while she made some more tea. Matt got up to look at the small caskets that stood inside of a china cabinet, each one bore the name of some man or woman, he would have to ask Alice on her return just what they were. The house was extremely old and to his surprise, he found that it did not even have electricity or gas, how on earth did she manage to survive without them during the twentieth century. Matt must have dosed off due to the warmth of the sun and it was dusk when he awoke to find his heart beating at panic levels and beyond. His hair was literally standing on end and something inside of him was telling him to run, to run now, to run as fast as he possibly could or lose his mortal soul to an evil that even now was closing in upon him.
Such was the level of fear that had arisen inside of him that Matt leapt up out of the chair and ran to the door which, for a long five seconds that seemed more like five minutes, refused to open. Then finally and thankfully, he was through the door and on the pathway that led to the lane, but Matt did not stop running until he had reached home and then he needed a large glass of whisky to try and steady his nerves.
As his heartbeat began to slow, he went over what had happened in his mind and although not a churchgoer, he realised that whatever was inside of the house, that it must have been the intervention of God himself that had saved him from what would surely have been a fate worse than death. Matt went to bed early that night to live through his recent ordeal once again. Only this time it was only a nightmare and just before he awoke in the morning, drenched in a cold sweat, he saw Alice standing by the front window of her house, looking at him as he fled, with a sort of wistful look upon her face. She probably thought him mad, all the same, mad or not, Matt stayed locked up inside of his house for the rest of the weekend haunted by visions of something very ancient and evil that was coming to steal his soul away from him.
When Monday morning finally came around again, he drove to the office using the roundabout route that he had used for most of the previous week, this was so as to not to have to pass the cottage and whatever inhabited it. Boston his manager, on hearing Matt’s tale laughed at him for running out on so lovely a woman as Alice was portrayed to be by Matt. Even Matt felt a little sheepish now that he was faced with the normal day-to-day life of the office, but he still did not intend to return to the cottage, no matter how beautiful it's owner.
Matt had to visit a customer just before lunch, and so was away from the office when Boston decided to try and find the cottage that he had heard so much about. It was with some excitement that he set off at lunchtime to track it down. Boston had been walking some ten minutes when on turning a bend he saw it before him, the most charming old cottage of anywhere just sitting awaiting his call, how he had missed it before he knew not, and in the front garden was the pretty young woman that Matt had described.
“Good morning, I'm a friend of Matt Taylor’s and I have come to apologise on behalf of him for his bad manners of Saturday.”
“Thank you, I did wonder just what was wrong with Matt, he did seem very upset about something. Why don't you come inside for a cup of tea and tell me more about you both?”
Matt Taylor returned to the office just prior to dusk to be told by a troubled receptionist that Boston had gone looking for the mysterious cottage at lunch time, but had never returned, she was now very worried. Matt sped from the office in his car to draw up outside the cottage as the sun began to set. The cottage was fading fast in front of his eyes as he found himself stuck fast at the gate, unable to go any further as something intangible stopped him from aiding his friend.
A neighbour whom he had spoken to before, on seeing his distress stopped to ask him what was wrong.
"Look at the cottage." Matt cried. “It's taking him away.”
“What cottage, and taking who away?"
“What do you mean what cottage?" Matt cried desperately.' “Can’t you see it, the cottage that is right behind you?” However, even as he uttered these few words, he saw the last remnants of the cottage fade from view.
“Hey, have you been drinking, there's been no cottage yonder for hundreds of years. I should know for my family have lived here about for even longer than yonder field has been empty." With that, the old man left shaking his head saying how it was a pity, for he seemed quite a nice man.
Inside, moments before Boston had awoken from a deep sleep to feel a pain in his heart. He remembered Matt's words and staggered to the window. Outside the countryside had almost faded from view but he could just about make out Matt drawing up in his car. From behind him, he felt an evil so great and so close to him that the chill of it entered his heart. He whirled around to see the pretty young woman coming towards him holding one of her caskets with his name emblazoned upon its side. As he looked from it to her, she changed into a fiend from hell, her hair grew long, her fingers all gnarled and each with long nails, her teeth were all blackened and her skin peeling off as if she had only recently come from the grave. Boston screamed for help as his very soul was ripped from his body to be sucked into the casket that the thing held. It slowly closed the lid and walked to the china cabinet, where it lovingly put it amongst the others there.
The next day in a country lane a few miles from Horsham in Sussex, a pretty young woman sat on the garden wall of a very, old country cottage massaging her ankle.

THE END

*****************

THE BOX

The old gipsy sat upon the porch of his house while about him his family spoke of things past and present, of their lives and of the many memories of joy and wonder that filled them. Although the old gipsy had never been rich, being too ready to lend a hand or a coin whenever the need arose, his family had lived a good life amongst their many friends, friends who were amazed at his ability to help them solve a myriad of problems in a troubled land. They claimed that he must have a pixie hidden away somewhere, maybe in that old box that he always carried with him. Laughing at this old jest his friends would depart.
It was not laughter that lit the eyes of one onlooker, one who looked hungrily upon him and his. To him happiness revolved around personal power, but he had lost this with the ending of the communist era. Now he only had his harridan of a wife who constantly nagged him about his lack of position in the new community. What good were his memories when power today was associated with money, something that had been elusive even with the party behind him? His life had dissolved into a living hell as her barbed taunts picked away at his pride, why had not he seen the changes coming and changed sides sooner. Why had he made himself so disliked by all of the party members, for it was only he who could not return as a new Socialist? Once more, he wished he had possessed such insight, but how could he have foreseen that his world would turn on its axis when the Russian super power collapsed leaving all of its one-time allies out in the cold with no one to help them.
The evening was turning into night when the old gipsy got up from his chair to walk through the woods, while there was still light enough to see. He wanted to be alone now to remember the good times he had enjoyed when his wife had been by his side. They had been parted for a year now, but he was expecting to join her very soon. What to do with the box though, who should he give it to.
He need not have worried, for behind him the communist appeared. “Hello, old man, I want to talk to you.”
“Yes, I do think we have things to talk about, but be careful that you know what you ask for, not all is what it seems.”
The communist shrugged off the gypsy’s obscure words and replied in an attempt to disarm him. “I have always respected you old man, for you are always ready to lend a helping hand to anyone.”
“You should always be ready to help someone in need friend, always be ready to listen. I sense that you need my help now, tell me what is troubling you and how I can be of help to you.” The old man replied.
The stupid old gipsy, thought the one time communist, all he wanted was the contents of his box, then he would be free of this place, as he was free of his hag of a wife now. The earlier events of that evening had brought the need for action to a head and he could wait no longer, for that very afternoon in a fit of anger he had strangled his wife, silenced her constant nagging, and stilled her evil tongue. Even when she lay there dead upon the floor, her eyes had seemed to follow him about the room, still nagging him from the spirit world.
“That is all I want old man, your box and what it contains, that is how you can help me.” He reached across and ripped the box from the old gypsy’s hands, a look of joy sprang into the old man’s eyes which was missed by the other as his were filled only with hate and greed. The box seemed strangely warm in the man’s hands, especially on so cool a night.
“Friend, be careful that you know what you’re asking for, not all is what it seems.”
The communist looked up to see pity upon the old gypsy’s face, the first signs of worry spreading across his own.
“What is it that you say, I do not understand you old man, and tell me why your box is so warm, maybe you should be the one to open the box.” With this, he shoved the box back into the hands of the old gypsy.
The old gypsy thoughts for once had turned inwards. He felt a sense of loss for the box had cooled to his touch, as it disowned him and chose another. The box was very old and very beautiful, it had witnessed a thousand years of Man’s history and legend said such a box as this had the power to repay in kind all of man’s deeds, that it brought much happiness and joy for those who sought it.
“The box always feels warm for the one it has chosen my friend, but you see all you have to do is open it.” The old gipsy opened the box and touched the contents, much as a lover touches his mate. Inside were some photographs of his wife and family, some letters tied together with a piece of cord, there was nothing more inside of it.
A ripple of fear ran through the communist at the strange words of the old gipsy but he forced them from his mind, he would be as senile as the old gipsy was if he started listening to such drivel. Calling himself a fool, he ripped the box from the old gypsy’s hands.
“What is this load of rubbish, where is the money that you normally keep with you.”
“There is no money, no gold, only what you see friend, all the most important things of my life.” The pity plain upon his face deepened as he looked upon the man. The other seeing only scorn struck him, blow followed by blow, and as the old gipsy went down, he saw his wife standing there before him as she waited for him to re-join her, her hands stretched out for his. Hand in hand once more the old gipsy and his wife saw the only treasures he had ever possessed thrown to the ground.
The communist now took out the letters to see if they held a clue to the source of the old gypsy’s wealth. His face was full of apprehension as he opened them to find that he had been tricked again, these were nothing but love letters from the old man’s wife. The man’s chin dropped and fear spread through his heart, he desperately needed money to escape the police who may already be searching for him.
He need not have worried about his lack of riches though, for as he looked up from the letters he heard a scream of anguish, before him the old gypsy’s son stood with an old hunting rifle at his shoulder. Already the trigger was being pulled back and the world that the communist knew changed before his eyes, where there had been grass and trees there was only fire and brimstone, and for a sky, he had rock. From down a long dark tunnel a lone figure approached him.
“You worthless scum, kill me would you, well see your reward for all the years that you served your true master, Satan. The boilers of hell are now your sole worry, or should I say the last resting place of your damned soul.” The woman’s insane laughter echoed throughout the tunnels as she pointed across to an endless line of shades. There flickering before him stood a mournful glowing figure, and as it waited it’s turn to enter the fires of hell it looked his way and with shake of its head it began to wail for its very existence.
A sharp pain of fear stabbed deep into his heart as he watched the figure finally entering the flames, and his soulless body twisted and bent into its true foul shape. The communist screamed out to God asking for mercy, begging for forgiveness but the shrill voice of his wife was his only answer, as he was driven forward to tend the fires of hell. The communist began to cry and did so through all eternity as he endured all the tortures that hell could offer to one such as him. There were times that he was almost human and it was then that he recalled his old life, and with it the old gypsy’s words.
‘But be careful that you know what you’re asking for, not all is what it seems.’ Standing by his father’s body a weeping son held the strangely warm box that had belonged to his father.

The End

****************

THE RELIC

It was in the beginnings of history that they had buried the relic, buried while still in the grasp of its owner. He had been a priest, a man of God, but he had been slain by the locals for they had feared that with his growing power he would overthrow the old order of the land as he sought to lead the people away from the old path that they had followed for so long. He was a priest that looked towards a new foreign pathway that would only bring upon them the wrath of their old Gods.
The spirit that had always dwelt within the relic, and the priest that had been its master, had not truly died but had gone into what could only be described as a deep sleep. Now, after eons of history had passed, their spirits had been awakened and they reached out once more into the world of man, past the Stonehenge and across the Salisbury plains to the new cities that now stood there. All was quiet now at the dig, which lay almost within sight of the henge, for the day had turned into night and the moon ruled the sky in place of her brother the sun. From the shadows, the darkness stirred and a figure moved slowly across the site. Every so often, he would stop and look furtively about him before moving on, that is until he came across the grave in the side of the trench. He then committed wanton damage as he dug for the object that he knew to be lying buried there, held in place by the Earth that still covered it from the searchers. Then he held it in his hands, he knew that he had something of untold wealth in his hands for he could feel the great age and beauty through his probing fingers. He could also feel the power emanating from the relic.
From a nearby tree, an owl called across the quiet land, causing the man to look up sharply, he was worried now as he realised the position he would be in, should he be discovered. They would not welcome his second visit as they had his first when he had been welcomed by all as that nice priest named Mason from the nearby village. However, except for his heart racing away, the site was as quiet as the grave that it had protected for so long. The darkness that had protected him smothered him up as he slipped quietly away to his home.
They were also satisfied. They had sensed that the new carrier would not be able to resist their commands as they probed the man’s mind. Long had they rested as history passed them by, but they had been awakened. They had immediately sensed that a change was coming to the world, a change that could be of the utmost danger to all that they held to be the truth. They had guided the members of the local archaeologist society to the site of the grave to await the discovery of it. Then they had silently probed the minds of the group in the hope of finding a suitable carrier, but without any success. Then as the day had slipped by, they had felt a new mind enter the site and had rejoiced, for his mind was more to their liking, a mind full of thoughts similar to those of their own, not like the others that were filled with the disbeliefs of this modern world. They had led him back to the grave that night and guided his hands to the relic, now they were free to move about the land.
Mason had slipped off into a sleep troubled with the scenes of the grave. He was witness to the final moments of the long dead priest buried there so long ago, as the knives had been buried deep within his frail body. He then watched as the murderers covered the grave with objects designed to protect them against any possible curse made by the shade of the dead priest. However, as the sun began to set, they had scampered away to hide from the darkness, less the shade of the priest come searching for them.
He awoke very early in the morning with a start, almost as if someone had kicked him hard, his bed and his body soaked with sweat caused by the nightmare that had filled his sleep. He knew that for some reason he had to journey to London by the earliest train, but for why he could not think. Given this, most people would have stopped to wonder why, but Mason found that he could not concentrate upon the matter and only on starting the journey. He knew that something was wrong and that he should be worried about his present state of mind, but instead he found himself walking towards the station clasping the relic that was wrapped up in a parcel that he held it in a vice like grip. Then he was aboard the train and passing Reading on the express train to London. From the station, he took the tube to Golders Green and from there he walked to his final destination.
Mason turned into the drive of a large detached house within a large walled garden; it was in a secluded avenue in the middle of Hampstead. He hesitated for an instant before he knocked at the front door, for he could not think why he had called upon this strange house. Sweat poured down from his brow as he fought to concentrate his mind on just why he had been travelling to this house, but he couldn`t for the life of him think why. He only knew that it was imperative that he should be here. Twice since he had disembarked from the train he had attempted to stop and ask passers-by for help, but both times he had just stood there unable to speak, his whole body shaking from the effort required to try. The people who had stopped to try to help him, soon hurried off thinking he was one of those odd people that the Government had let loose on the streets in their bid to cut the ever-increasing costs of the welfare state. The thing he clasped so tightly seemed almost to have taken control of him, but try as he might he could not get his fingers to obey his commands, to let it fall to the ground.
Now he was here at his destination but no one appeared to answer his knocks, did that mean that he could go back to his home now? He found his legs taking him around the back; his eyes were looking inside the rear windows to see if there was anyone home, why? The window of the rear door broke inwards with a shatter of glass, had he done it? Was he going mad or was there someone or something inside of his brain controlling his thoughts and actions? He had found that he was fine so long as he went in a particular direction, but as soon as a decision had to be made or he attempted to resist, he found that he was rigidly back under this control. Why did he think that there was something inside of his brain controlling his actions, making him obey its wishes? Its wishes, no their wishes, there was more than one being within him, taking him where ever they wanted to go, do whatever they wanted to do.
Mason entered the house through the kitchen and walked through the room and out into a large hallway. A series of doors led off it but Mason found himself stopping at the first doorway and saw his hand turning the knob. He opened the door and looked down from the top of a steep stairway to the cellar of the house as he felt about for a light switch. Then he was descending the stairway to find himself before another door. From within Mason, he felt a cold dread spreading over his body, as at the same time he felt the cold air coming out from beneath the doorway. The first signs of a fresh wave of panic spread over him, his hair was standing on end and cold sweat once again covered his body. He wanted to run, to flee from whatever lay beyond the door and for a brief instant while he still had command of his body, he even turned about to do just that. Then they took control and forced his hand back to the doorknob. He felt a force, for that is all he could call it, emanating from within his own body and being directed at the lock of the door, then the door knob was turning, the door opening, and he was standing inside of the room.
The room was in utter blackness adding to his fear of whatever waited for him there, once more Mason felt about for the switch, but when the light came on Mason wished that the room had stayed dark. At the far end a large stone altar stood silent and foreboding, a black altar cloth was draped over it and upon the cloth were candlesticks, which held fresh black candles. Before the altar, a large pentagon was painted upon the floor. In its middle sat an animal that could only have come from hell. The guardian hissed as it saw Mason and sprang towards him. Mason would have been half way home had he been able to move; instead, his right hand came up holding the bag before him as his left hand unveiled the relic. The amulet, for that was what it was, lit up as it caught sight of the beast from hell and a beam of light sprang from the eye at its centre to drench the beast in a pool of the purest light. The beast was in mid-flight towards Mason’s throat when a scream of pain escaped from its throat and it exploded about him, the foul liquid that was its life force splattering the room, splattering him, with its evil stench.
They took Mason all over the room in their search for the thing that was the power behind the satanic coven that strove to bring about the destruction of the world of Man and bring upon it the rule of the ancient Gods. Then as they passed by a large picture of Lucifer hanging there upon the wall behind the altar, they sensed it. Mason pulled the picture from the wall to reveal an alcove behind it. There mounted within was something that looked very much like a mirror, but the image that looked back at him was not his own. Mason's eyes bulged as he recognised whose it was, for within the mirror he saw all the ancient gods of hell struggling to get through to this dimension. For eons they had been trapped here by the lords of the light, unable to escape without the assistance of a powerful warlock.
Even under control of the amulet, Mason recoiled from the sight to spin away from the mirror and run from the house as if all the hounds of hell were after him, and it was very possible that they might have been. The beings within his mind stopped him some two miles away to plead for his help in stopping the ceremony that was due to take place that very night. They told him who they were and how they had lost the initial fight against the druids, priests of the old religion that ruled for so long in old Britain. How they had united in death and slept within the amulet waiting for such a day as this. They needed a priest who believed in God as Mason did, to make a triad of good against the triad of evil, the coven, Lucifer, and the ancient gods. He must find in his soul the will to fight for his God or see the world forever in the power of the evil that only awaited the rising of the moon this midnight. Mason saw visions before his eyes. It was of the evils that would be let loose upon the world and of the final resting place for his soul, should he forsake his people in their hour of need.
Mason, shaking all over from the sights shown to him, and also of the thought of returning to the cellar, was close to collapse when he finally agreed to pledge his body, his mind, and his soul to what could be the last battle upon the planet Earth between good and evil, between the powers of light and darkness. Night had fallen when they finally returned to the house, but not before the amulet had bathed him in the purest of lights that not only refreshed his body but also restored some of his flagging faith in the power of good to overcome evil. When they reached the house, all its lights were on, although no one appeared there to greet him. That their visit had been noticed was understood, but Mason hoped that their swift exit would have convinced the powers of evil that they could be dismissed as far as being a threat to it.
The old priest was certainly surprised by the courage that Mason was showing, for the evil that was represented here would have been enough to drive away even the bravest of the knights that had pledged their swords to him.
The house yawned invitingly empty as they passed through its back door once more to reach the stairway that would take them down towards hell. Mason was soon at its bottom and this time the door stood open.
“Come into my web said the spider to the three little flies.” Mason whispered. The others stayed quiet as they too suspected that their return had been noted. Mason entered the room, ahead was the altar but this time the mirror stood mounted upon a pedestal to its right.
“A man of the cloth, well your kind are normally too frightened of their own shadows to even contemplate entering into Satan's temple my friend, are they now making a new model of priest?" A hooded figure ahead of him asked this question.
“Any priest worth his collar would come here to stop you and your master.”
“Well, why did not more of them come with you priest, to assist you in your fight.” This was something that Mason was wondering, why did not the old priest call on more help. The old priest answered him. ‘Because mere numbers will not win this battle, this will take a true belief in God to win, which is something that many of the priests of this modern world no longer have.'
The door slammed shut behind Mason who now turned to see that the rest of the coven had entered behind him unnoticed.
“Tie him to the altar. He is to be tonight's sacrifice.” The hooded figure ordered. Mason jumped to one side and pointed the amulet at them. His heart was racing now but thankfully, the power of the amulet brought the members of the coven to a dead stop as they recognised the amulet for a powerful symbol of good, a power that even their Gods feared. The leader of the coven had turned a paler shade of grey as he sought to transfer the fear within him to the heart of the priest.
“Leave now priest, whilst Lucifer will still let you go, for you know in your heart that you cannot win against so mighty a foe.” The hooded man`s voice quavered as he said these words, fear now emanating from every pore of his skin, for his mind was filled with the thoughts of the many tortures that would be awaiting him in the pits of hell, should he fail his masters.
All around Mason fiends from hell materialised from out of the ether, their snarls freezing his blood.' Don't worry Mason they are not real.’ The words flashed into his mind as his own mind said to run. ‘They are but figments of your imagination, sent here by Lucifer to scare you into dropping the amulet, as long as you carry it no harm can come to you.’ Even so, Mason snatched his hand away from one of the slavering mouths of the repulsive creatures. Moments later Mason felt the energy of his allies fill his body as they sought to help him resist the efforts of the evil inside the room.
“This is all very pretty, but we can do without the theatricals.” Mason said to the hooded figure that was still standing in the same position that he held when Mason had first seen him. His words were said though with far more confidence than he actually felt, but even as the words left his lips. the creatures of hell disappeared leaving him with only the coven leader and his followers to face, although the ancient Gods were still there and Mason knew that he would have to fight them before the night was through.
“You certainly are a different kind of priest, but you cannot win you know, Lucifer will not be beaten this time.” The hooded figure said as he looked nervously about for help from his evil lords.
Whilst this battle had been going on the ancient ones had been preparing to enter the arena. The light in the room dimmed as the mirror began to glow with a weird purple light. A light that dazzled Mason and moments later he found himself bathed in its light as the forces of evil strove to break through his faith in the one God that Mason believed in beyond all else. For an instant, Mason's guard was down as he sensed them withdrawing from the battle but it was only a feint. The brief lapse, small as it was, allowed the powers of evil to attack him with renewed vigour and Mason was slammed backwards hard against the wall, all his breath exploded from his lungs, his body filled with pain such was the strength of the power pitted against his weak body. He looked within for help from his allies but his new friends had enough of their own problems to worry about and could not provide him with the help that he so desperately needed.
Mason found himself transported to a wreck of a world where life seemed to be on the verge of extinction. A purple sky served as a roof and a desert for a carpet, for decoration the nearby volcanoes would have to do. Mason sense of desperation grew when he realised that the amulet had disappeared from his hand, but at least the coven, the evil gods and even Lucifer himself had gone. The only sign of life were the stunted remains of a once noble forest and a dried-up riverbed. It was from these dried up remains of this once vibrant river that a human figure appeared. This thing seemed more like an animated figure of a man, a sketch even with no colour save black and white and various shades of grey. From its cavernous mouth the figure let out what Mason could have sworn was the growl of the beast and then catching sight of him it moved towards him, a sword that appeared out of nowhere flashing in its hand.
“Die priest; die by your own hand.” Mason was stunned, but not by the words, but by the figure who was now close enough for Mason to see, it was a monstrous copy of him. From far away a faint voice came to him on the wind.
‘You are within your subconscious Mason.’ The old priest was crying to him. ‘You may arm yourself simply by willing it so, but beware that you do not kill your double, or he you, for then you will die in the real world too.’
His doppelganger was upon him almost before he awoke to this new peril from hell, but Mason had just enough time to will a sword to appear in his own hand and miraculously it did, and then his battle against the other Mason was commenced. The battle was all one sided as Mason could never go onto the attack lest he killed his doppelganger and so himself. Only his faith in the power of his God kept Mason going and as he prayed for help a thought appeared in his mind. If this is all in my mind then by simply willing myself back into the house, back into the room that the mere thought of filled him with dread. Better that than this fight against this doppelganger. Mason knew he had to act swiftly for he was weakening fast, while his doppelganger seemed to be growing stronger, was it feeding off him? With the decision made, Mason focused all his remaining strength on the house in Hampstead, on the room and all it contained. The doppelganger sensed that it was about to lose the battle and pressed forward with the attack knocking Mason to the floor, he lay there with visions of his death, his adversaries blade sweeping towards him. It was in this hopeless situation that he tried once more to concentrate his mind on the house in Hampstead and not on the sharp sword that was sweeping down towards his defenceless neck.
The world of his subconscious disappeared from before his eyes and amid a blaze of light; he was back, there before him the ancient ones, there before him the coven. ‘You have returned Mason, well done; now it is our turn.’ His friends of the amulet cried. About time too Mason thought.
With that, the powers of good focused all their willpower on destroying the mirror and all it contained, unfortunately for Mason it was through him that the battle was fought once more. He thought that his brain would be ripped apart such was the pain that he had to endure as the battle between good and evil raged. Then the light from the mirror dimmed as the power of the light began gradually to triumph over that of the dark and the mirror exploded in a flash of the purest light that Mason had ever seen, closing this door at least against the ancient Gods. With the destruction of the mirror, the trappings of the satanic temple burst into flames. The coven members who had begun to panic seconds before were all running from the cellar as if all the hounds of hell were after them now. This is not quite what was after them, for this time it was the angels of light who pursued them to their deaths. As the last vestiges of the satanic temple burned down the amulet disappeared from his hands.
Mason decided that all this would be too much to explain to the cynical authorities whose questions he would never be able to answer to the satisfaction of their modern minds. As Mason hurried off, he thought he heard a faint voice.' Thank you, Mason, and always remember to fight for the light or it might just be extinguished by the forces of darkness.'

THE END

********************

The Dark Witches

A New Beginning, A New Danger

It was a mid-November afternoon and the sun was shining and the wind was still. Richard Emerson, who had been left a property in a small Oxfordshire village by his only other living relative, one Mr Charles Emerson, got out of his hire car. He had enjoyed some good times there with his uncle and he remembered some of them as he looked at the detached four-bedroom house. Together with the property his uncle had also left him the sum of just over £100,000, this would allow Richard to breathe more easily as he had just been invalided out of the Royal Marines following an accident in Latvia, he had been stationed there as part of the NATO defence force deployed in the Baltic.
He had not seen his uncle for two years because of his deployment around the world and felt a little guilty as he limped across the threshold of his new house. He carried two suitcases in with him, there were still two cardboard boxes left to bring in, they sat in his hire car, nothing more, these were all of his worldly goods. With him was an old friend, Paula Wilson, they had known each other at school and later at university. She still lived in the little Oxfordshire village where they had both grown up and she worked in a nearby town of Swindon at a solicitor’s office.
“If you want me to help you pack your uncle’s clothes in to black bags for the local charity shop Richard, just ask?”
“Yes, please, Paula, but not today, as I am exhausted after travelling up from Portsmouth.”
“Well, Richard, as it is Saturday tomorrow and I do not have to work, shall I will bring over some black plastic sacks, and we can make a start?”
“That would be great Paula, thank you.” He then added. “You know, this is the second time that we have done this, the last time being the end of last year, as no doubt you will remember, was when my parents died of Covid. Then too we had to pack up their clothes, sell their furniture, and quickly, and all as the council wanted the flat back as their waiting list for council homes was very long, no thought of their family and friends.”

**********

Looking at Richard move in to the house, was a middle-aged woman with hate filled eyes. When the health of Charles Emerson had suddenly taken a turn for the worse due to a local witch casting harmful spells upon him. Martha Engers, the said nasty witch, had then arrived on the scene and had become friendly with Charles Emerson. Later, she had believed that as he had become so reliant on her help, as his health declined over six long months due to her coven’s spells, that he would leave the house and money to her. She had not realised that in his final days, Charles had seen her for what she was, and although he had told her that he had changed his will, giving her everything, he had not. Unfortunately, by then he was too ill to fight her and died knowing that he had prevented Martha Engers from getting control of his estate. As anger and hate ate in to her very soul, she vowed to get the one who had prospered under the will, Richard Emerson, to give her the house and the large sum of money she had also missed out on. Once again, she would make use of her coven and their witchcraft, this time to terrorise the new owner in to submission. She immediately called the other members of her coven and told them that there was to be a special Sabbat on Saturday and that it was important to all of them, therefore they must all attend. All six men, six women and of course Martha Engers herself attended the Sabbath.

**********

Richard was able to enjoy a restful night and felt much better when he awoke on a sunny Saturday morning, he had just finished a light breakfast when Paula arrived carrying black plastic bin bags. They worked hard and soon had all of his uncle’s clothes and personal items sorted. They bagged the items that were to go to the charity shop, any items that the charity shop would not take they put in to a separate bag for disposal later. Then then they drove in to Swindon and handed over the bags of clothing and other items to the charity shop and then Richard took Paula for lunch at a small riverside cafe. He would miss his uncle but thanks to him, his new life would be easier than he had feared. The funeral had been held on Thursday and many of the locals had attended it and the small gathering at the local public house after. Richard had now to decide on what to do with his new life, he did not want to get an office job, that he knew, but what else was he qualified to do? Thankfully, because of his uncle’s bequest to him, there was no immediate rush to decide on his future.

**********

It was at the dead of midnight when the witches met that Saturday night to celebrate their Sabbat, it was at an ancient Neolithic chambered tomb deep in the Oxfordshire countryside. At this time of night, a moonless night, the tomb, surrounded as it was by trees and away from a main road, could not be seen, nor could its visitors who had filtered the light through their torches with a thin muslin cloth. They were all excited because the celebration was a special one, they would ask for help in their plan to force Richard in to giving them the house and fortune that he had been left by his uncle. They had all felt it all should have been given to them by the old man, why else would they risk exposure and prison by killing him.
A small fire was lit in a brazier, rather than build a fire on the ground that would leave evidence of their visit. They took off their long coats to reveal garish one-piece full-length garments that went down to just above their feet. On their heads they donned a mask, they had taken them out of a bag each had brought along with them. The mask was decorated with the individual witch’s animal familiar, either a physical one or, a spirit one. Martha Engers had a goat in her large garden where she also grew all sorts of unusual plants for use in her spells or her meals. Engers’ house was rented, she did not own it, which was why she wanted Richard’s house. Her mask came complete with horns and was heavier than all of the other masks. Around her, she saw various masks, a hideously looking toad, five cats, a bat, three dogs, a rabbit and finally, a raven worn by the second most powerful witch of the coven, Jane Powell. Powell was tall, slim of body and quite good looking, unfortunately, as they say, beauty is only skin deep, for Powell was sadistic, feared by the other members of the coven with good reason. Engers now called the coven to order.
“Attention everyone, it is time to ask our dark lord, Baphomet, to help us in our task.”
The witches immediately formed a rough circle and began to chant to their dark lord.
“Baphomet, lend us your power, Baphomet, lend us your help, Baphomet, Baphomet, Baphomet, we call to you. you our great and powerful lord.”
Engers pulled two chickens out of a basket by her feet as Jane Powell used a sack truck to move a folding table in to the circle, this was their altar. Another member pulled two candelabras out of a sack and put them on to the altar and then lit the black candles it held. Engers looked up to the heavens and with her arms outstretched she called to her dark lord.
“Harken un to me my Lord Baphomet, your most devoted follower calls to you to look kindly upon me and my coven. I also ask you to look kindly upon my spirit animal familiar, this will ensure that our spells will work as intended over the coming week. We battle against the god-worshipper Richard Emerson and in an effort to gain your favour, we initially offer this sacrifice of two chickens to you. We do this act so that their blood will speed our request to you, oh mighty Lord of the Earth, oh mighty Lord of the Underworld, oh Supreme Being.”
A fourth member then placed a sacrificial bowl on the altar and while Engers cut their throats a fifth member of the coven poured a libation of red wine over the birds. Engers then continued calling up to her dark lord.
“If we are successful my Lord, we will be able to build a permanent temple to you my Lord, it will be in the basement of our spoils, the house that should already have been ours. Please make it so Master, so that we can worship you in a way that you so deserve.”
As the blood and the wine ran down in to the sacrificial bowl, the coven then began the serious business. They added more red wine in to the sacrificial bowl and then each of them drunk from the bowl, the foul mixture coating their chins, then their hands and cheeks as they anointed themselves with their offering to their dark lord.
The coven then began to dance around the altar and continued their chanting as the moon was covered by a large dark rain cloud and a bolt of lightning struck one of the trees near to the tomb. As thunder roared its presence, Engers smiled and cried out to the coven.
“See, my fellow worshippers of the true god. Baphomet has sent us a sign, he will aid us in our endeavours, we will succeed if only we try hard enough and do not betray our own true lord.”
As quickly as the thunder storm appeared, so it disappeared, no rain fell here, there were no more bolts of lightning and no more thunder.

**********

That same night, Richard had turned in early for the night, the bed felt good as he and Paula had changed the sheets to clean ones and aired the room. He quickly fell in to a deep sleep and as the nearby church clock struck one o’clock, the first of the nightmares that he was to endure over the coming week began.
Engers gazed down upon him from the astral plane and entered his bedroom, she felt the power given to her by her dark lord Baphomet and she laughed, near to her was her spirit familiar, it glowed with the extra power it now possessed. At this moment, Richard was not dreaming, so she called to her spirit animal familiar to drag Richard’s spirit up to the astral plane. Richard immediately entered it and so began the first of his nightmares. It began, when in his dream state, he felt something he instinctively knew to be evil pulling at his body. Although he fought hard against it, his spirit suddenly found itself dragged in to a land filled with hot rocky boulders, flames licked at the sides of the rocks and the air was full of the smell of sulphur. On the brow of a hill, he saw a 7 feet tall green demon with the claws and teeth to make any tiger envious. Seeing Richard, it roared and bounded towards him, Richard immediately turned and ran, ahead of him was a fortress whose gates were open. Richard was afraid for his life, as he did not immediately realise that he was dreaming. He could feel the sweat running down his back, feel his muscles tire, thankfully, the demon was still far away from him when he reached the gateway and rushed inside. He closed one creaking gate over and then he turned to the other ancient gate, he had just shut it and pulled down a locking bar when the demon slammed in to them, making the gates shake, but they did not give way. Dust of the ages was shaken loose from them and it drifted down on to Richard, making him sneeze violently as he looked through a gap in the second gate, at the raging monster on the other side of the gate. Given a moment to think, his mind turned to the location, the fortress and the demon and he knew that he must be dreaming. From behind him he heard the approach of another demon, the 1st one’s double, and it roared too, and just as it reached him, the demon’s stinking breath caused him to retch and he woke up.
From out of nowhere, or maybe from the dreamscape he had escaped from, he heard a menacing voice.
“Give up the house, give up the fortune you inherited, give it to me, else your nightmares will come true.”
Sweat pouring off him, he staggered out of this bed and went in to the kitchen and poured coffee into a small metal pot and put in on the hob, finally he turned the hob’s express ring on. He actually would have preferred a glass of strong whisky, or maybe a brandy, but he had not had the time to purchase such things, black coffee would have to do, this time.
It was nine a.m. when he called Paula on the phone.
“Paula, I have just experienced a living nightmare, I do not mind admitting that it scared me. I know it was real even though logic dictates that it cannot have been. Will you meet me at that small cafe in the village, say in 30 minutes, I will buy you breakfast and tell you all about it. See if you can help to clear my head”
A quizzical Paula finished dressing and after she put just the briefest of make-up on, she left the house to go to her first ever breakfast date, well, with a man that is. They met at the door to the cafe and Paula led him through to the garden as it was an unusually warm morning for England in mid-November. When they were both sitting down, Paula spoke to him.
“Richard, aren’t you a little old to be scared of a nightmare, is there something that you want to share with me, a monster under the bed maybe?” She asked with a twinkle in her eyes.
“No, Paula, there is no monster under my bed, or at least I hope not.” He replied with the briefest of smiles appearing on his face. “Paula, normally I would agree with you, but this was not the usual variety of nightmares.”
Their conversation was interrupted by the waitress who arrived to take their order, when she had left to fulfil it, Richard told Paula all about his nightmare and he also added the verbal warning that followed the nightmare. Paula looked at him, but then, just for a moment she was distracted, she had felt a slight tingle run up and down her spine, she had not felt it since her grandmother had died, when entering her small cottage. For you see, her grandmother had been a witch, a real one, less the broomstick. There was another witch in the cafe garden, but as it was now full, she could not identify just who it was. Turning back to Richard she looked at him and then asked him.
“The warning Richard, if it wasn’t just part of your dream, is serious, tell me, have you been threatened before this morning?”
“No, Paula, never, this is the first time, and it has me worried because it seemed so real, I actually smelt the second demon’s breath in the nightmare, and sneezed because of the dust drifting down on my head when an ancient gate slammed shut, have you ever sneezed during a dream or a nightmare, or retched?” Richard replied.
“No, Richard, I cannot say that I have, it is almost as if someone had hexed you, someone who want’s your house, and the fortune that came with it.”
The waitress came back with their order, she was standing nearer to Richard than Paula and suddenly, the tray pitched over sending tea, the teacakes and the crockery all over him. The waitress was aghast.
“Oh, I am sorry Sir, the tray just pitched over all by itself, I am sorry.”
Richard smiled as he pushed his chair back and stood up, reading the name on the poor waitress’s name badge he said to her.
“That’s okay, Millie, no real harm done, I will dry off in the morning sunshine, if you could just bring us our order, this time though, please set it down on the table.”
The manageress came across and rebuked her waitress but Richard spoke on Millie’s behalf.
“There was no harm done, I will soon dry and we are not in a hurry, it was just an accident.”
“Thank you, Richard for taking it so well, some of my customers are not so understanding, good morning, Paula.”
“Good morning, Susan.” Paula replied. “Richard you must remember Susan Wells, we all went to school together and now the two of us go to the same Wicca gathering.”
Martha Engers had silently laughed as she and two of her fellow witches rose from their chairs and left. Engers had caused the accident with a piece of minor witchcraft, she had not needed the assistance of her coven. Also, although she had experienced the same tingle as Paula had, she had put it down to the appearance of one of her coven when she had joined Engers at her table in the cafe. Meanwhile, Susan Wells had to hurry off to sort out another minor problem.
Paula, remembering the tingle, looked at Richard when they were alone again.
“Richard, you remember my grandmother?” Paula asked.
“Of course, a sweet old thing with a love of life, but there was something else about her upon which I could not get a handle, something strange, no, not strange, jut different.”
Paula’s next words staggered him. “Yes, she was very sweet, and the thing that you could not get a handle on was that she was also a witch, a good witch I hasten to add, but a witch and although my mother was not one, I am.”
Richard laughed and made to interrupt Paula but she waved him down.
“Listen, Richard, moments before the little accident with our breakfast, I felt a tingle run up my spine. I only ever felt it before when I was with my grandmother, to feel it again, after you told me of your nightmare etc, it was before the accident, it means that another witch was near to us, she may have caused the accident and sent you the nightmare and left you her warning.”
Richard looked a little uncomfortable as he replied.
“I do not believe in such things Paula.” Then he smiled and asked. “Do you have a broomstick?”
“Only for sweeping the floor Richard.” Paula replied sounding just a little annoyed.
“If you do not believe in anything, Richard, why did you call me, why did you not assume that your nightmare was just that, a nightmare? I will tell you something else, Richard, I belong to a wicca group, they are not real witches, I just enjoy their company, but I have inherited the power that my grandmother did use. She mainly used them to help cure people of colds or influenza, not that they ever realised that the reason behind their rapid improvement was my grandmother. She once cured my mother of a toothache. However, she did not join a coven, she believed that to do so could see her powers used for gain rather than to help those in real need. In fact, few people even knew her secret, and only people whom she could trust to keep her secret.”
Later, Richard returned to his house, he smiled when he thought over Paula’s parting words.
“Be careful Richard, you may not believe, but the members of the local coven will have power and the chief witch sounds as if she would not stop at just ruining your night’s sleep.”
As he entered his front room, he was brought to an abrupt halt, why, because two large angry eyes were looking down at him, then he heard the same voice as before.
“Tipping over the tea tray was harmless, although humorous from my view point, your next warning, should it become necessary, will not be harmless. Come to the St. Swithun’s church at midnight tonight, bring the deeds of the property with you and a banker’s draft for the full £100,000. Do not inform the police or you will suffer, greatly.”
The eyes promptly disappeared and Richard slumped down in a chair in shock. He quickly shook this off and he searched the room for hidden cameras and speakers, for to him, it was obviously a well thought out scam. After one hour of searching, he gave up and he now thought about any other options he might have.
One; comply with their demands.
Two; phone the police.
Three; phone Paula Wilson.
Four; go to the church and persuade whoever is behind the threats to desist, or else.
Unfortunately, option four could require the assistance of some of his ex-comrades and they were still in Latvia. Therefore, he had gone for option three as option two would have seen him sent to a mental hospital for tests to ascertain his mental health. He therefore called Paula and when she arrived, he told her of his visitor and her demands.
“We should go to the church tonight; the coven will not make an appearance because it is too public and also because they will believe that you have not been softened up enough to actually comply with their demands. Which, of course, means that tomorrow they will up the ante and someone will likely get hurt.” Paula advised him. “If only we could complain to the police about the threats made against you. But how could we word it, for to tell the truth would be useless?”
“Exactly, Paula, which is why I decided against that particular option.” He replied rather condescendingly.
“We have options do we, aren’t we lucky.” Paula replied facetiously.
Richard then went through them for Paula who replied rather sulkily.
“I was down at number three, not very flattering.”
“Because, Paula, I seem to have attracted the attention of a particularly nasty bunch and I did not want to endanger you unnecessarily.”
“And now I am expendable?” Paula said before laughing. “It’s all right Richard, in this particular instance, I am the only one who can help you.”
Richard then explained to Paula how he felt about everything.
“Paula, I still find it hard to go along with your explanation of things, but I am also at a loss as to how to explain it without bringing in the supernatural.” He shrugged. “So, what do you advise I do?”
“Well, Richard the nightmare, the vision and the warnings, coupled together with the tea tray accident, could mean that somehow, you have incurred the anger of a black witch, one who seems to have more than her share of power. She will also be the one that I felt in the cafe garden before the tray tipped all over you.”
Richard nodded, he was now willing to listen to Paula, as to whether he should believe all that she said, he was not too sure about that, yet. Paula now advised him as to what he should do to lessen the risk to his life and limb.
“Richard, I can advise you on how to protect your house and yourself using spells that my grandmother taught me. First off, you should purchase a silver crucifix on a chain to wear about your neck. Secondly, a number of wooden crosses to fix to the inner walls of your house, you should also have the crosses and the crucifix blessed either by a priest, if you know one who will do it, or, I can bless them for you. Lastly, you will need to buy some strings of garlic to protect your outside doors and your bedroom window at the very least.”
“Garlic, I am not fighting a vampire, Paula!”
“Garlic was considered a very successful protectorate long before Bram Stoker came along, it will help ward off the evil threatening your life, Richard.”
“Okay, I will buy some strings of garlic Paula, however, I do not need to purchase the silver crucifix as my mother has left me her one, I can wear that. What about the wooden crosses, where does one purchase such things?”
By asking the question, it did not mean that he thought that these items would be any good, but he was scared enough to try anything.
“There is a shop in Swindon that specialises in new age magic and the paranormal, it seems that there has been an increased interest in such things.” Paula replied. “I will drive you in to town where you can buy me lunch and then I will take you to the magic shop. You should also wear a protective pendant Richard, here, here, wear this it is very old and long ago it was blessed originally by a bishop who was one of the family on my mother’ side. I have blessed it since it became mine as the blessing do not pass on when the pendant changes hands”
Paula handed over silver pendant, a two-inch in diameter silver ring enclosed a five-pointed star and five symbols denoting, fire, water, air, earth and spirit. Finally, there was a red ruby set in the centre. The pendant came with a silver chain.
“As I said Richard, it has been handed down through my maternal side of the family and is quite valuable even though it is only made of iron, but it is silver plated, as you can see, it is made in the shape of a pentagram, a traditional protective symbol.”
“Don’t you need it, Paula?” Richard asked quizzically.
“No, Richard, I have this one, it is much older and as you can see, the metalwork is finer, it too has been blessed by a bishop who was also one of the family. I also blessed this pendant”
Paula showed him her own pendant, it was on a heavy silver chain and looked to be expensive.
“How did your maternal side escape the witch finders?”
“Just as my grandmother did, they kept their powers hidden, helping people from afar. They also knew how to stop other witches from noticing them, as I do, so they were never denounced by another witch, and since this morning’s event at the cafe, I am now a covert witch, hidden from all. Luckily, until quite recently, my maternal line always married well and lived in fine houses with servants and the such, so they were protected. They did have to be careful though when using their craft to help cure someone and of course, the herbs and other things they used had to be hidden well, to prevent a servant from stumbling upon them.”
This was a side of Paula’s family that Richard had never dreamt of existing, but then, he could remember a time, when he had been just a boy, when he had suddenly recovered from a very bad cold, it had been after Paula’s grandmother had called, she had brought him a bottle of homemade lemonade. Is that how Paula’s maternal side had accomplished their own good deeds?
Still thinking about what Paula had told him, Richard sat next to his friend as she drove them in to town where they first had a light lunch and then they walked to the new age shop. Richard was amazed at the number of shoppers there, and the range of stock the shop carried. It specialised in all things relevant to new age magic and the paranormal, but all Richard purchased were the three wooden crosses. They then made a trip to the local supermarket where he also purchased five strings of garlic for use around his windows and doors, the assistant at the till looking at him and wondering if he knew something that she didn’t.
They then returned to Richard’s house via Paula’s flat, here they collected some essential equipment. Once at Richard’s home, Paula used her skills to bless the crucifix and the wooden crosses, this took her just thirty minutes Then she helped Richard hang the garlic at the front and back door, his front room window and finally at his bedroom window. The fifth string he kept near at hand, he intended to take it with whenever he was away from home. Finally, Paula said to Richard.
“At sunset this evening we will put a protection jar at each corner of your house, we will fill each of them with the inner bark from the silver fir, the berries of the cypress, the berries of the cedar, hazelnuts, the leaves and bark from the willow tree, dried flowers from the amaranth plant and the daisy, dried fruit from the myrtle and the date palm and then we must put the lid on each jar to keep the items clean. All of these things are sacred to the goddess Artemis and when we are done, we will call on the goddess Artemis to protect your house against evil.”
“Artemis, but surely she is just a mythical being from Greek history?”
“No, Richard, she is real, however, all that you know about her is the result of the ancient story tellers embroidering the truth until only a few people knew the real truth about her.”
“And she will protect my house, just because we asked her to and we put some herbs and things sacred to her in to four jars placed around our house?”
“Everyone likes to be remembered Richard, even eternal beings, as long as we are respectful to her, she may choose to come to our assistance.” Paula replied.
Richard was still not a believer, not in witches, nor in Greek goddesses, but all that had happened had spooked him, and of course, he could not explain it away, rationally or otherwise.
As the sun set, Paula took Richard outside of his house and led him to her car. She pulled out of the boot a small cardboard box.
“We need to go in to your back garden, we can hardly light a fire here at the front of the house.”
Leading round to the back of the house, she put the cardboard box on a paving slab while she took out a number of things.
“We will bury the four jars now, one at each corner of the house, there, I will say a prayer to Artemis over each of the buried jars. Come.”
They buried the first of the jars at the right-hand rear corner of the house and then Paula looked at the sky and turning to Richard said.
“Look to the sky Richard with your hand help up as in Christian prayer.”
“I feel rather uncomfortable even considering doing it, please tell me why we need to do this Paula?”
“I am sorry Richard, but we need to call to her, otherwise, she will not know of our belief in her, nor that we need her assistance.”
A much more quizzical Richard obeyed her and then Paula began her prayer to Artemis.
“We beseech you Artemis, goddess of the night, protector of all wild things, of which I am one, cast your protective arms over this house and those who dwell inside it as we honour you with this offering of your sacred herbs.”
Paula repeated this prayer over all the remaining jars, after Richard had buried them and then she led him back to the cardboard box. She took out of it a disposable aluminium foil tray, then she put some more of the herbs on to it and then she turned to Richard.
“Richard, we have to offer up one more prayer to Artemis, please look up at the sky and put your hands together in readiness for the final prayer.”
Richard once again followed her instructions and Paula prayed to the goddess.
“I, your devoted follower, beseech you to protect those who send this offering up to you in the night wind.” From out of nowhere, a wind sprang up as Paula continued her prayer. “Those who follow the dark lord attack us using powers that he provided them with, please glorious goddess, look kindly upon us and lend us your help.”
The wind died down just after the prayer ended and it left Richard thinking how little he knew or believed in. Paula cut across his bewildered thoughts.
“Tonight, we will go to St. Swithun’s church, and remember to bring all of your protection along. I never go anywhere without mine. With the goddess protecting us, we will be safe from mystical attack.”
“But not a physical attack.”
“No, but I am sure that you, as a tough ex-marine can sort out any local thug out without too much trouble.”
Richard smiled, yes, he could take out one or even two local thugs, but what if the whole coven were there waiting for him?
The journey was not long, for the roads were empty that late at night, they were able to park near to the church. Paula turned her car to facilitate a quick getaway, if it became necessary. They sat in her car, with the windows open, listening for sounds of any human presence, but heard nothing. After waiting for ten minutes, Richard and Paula got out of the car and looked for signs that the coven was there. Then, as they were about to walk away, the apparition of a witch in her full Hollywood regalia appeared. She wore her horned mask, a purple coloured long flowing cloak with strange designs printed on it. The witch wore a plane dark red ankle length dress, but then it was a cold winter’s evening in England.
Surprised, Richard and Paula backed up and only to be stopped when Paula’s car got in the way. They could see part of the church through the shimmering apparition, and Richard recalled the witch’s last warning. Then, he remembered his recent purchases and the pendant. With one hand Richard pulled out his string of garlic, in the other was his pendant and then he cried out in a loud voice.
“Begone you creature of Hell.”
The apparition did not go anywhere, instead she sneered at them.
“Where are the deeds to the property, where is the bankers draft?”
“In a safe place where you will not get at them, witch, now begone you foul creature, back to your dark lord.” Richard replied in a loud aggressive tone.
“Your feeble protection will not stop me, listen well Richard Emerson, tomorrow you will feel my power, take heed and obey me, or soon you will die. Call to me that you surrender to my will and I will come for my property.”
And with that, the apparition disappeared.
“What happened to our protection Paula, it certainly did not bother the witch?” Richard asked, for he had now become concerned about the apparitions and their threats.
Paula noted that this time, the first time since the problem had arisen, her friend had called their enemy a witch and he had also mentioned the witch’s dark lord, he would soon be a believer. She smiled and then replied to his question.
“It was just an apparition Richard, there in an attempt to scare us, it could never do us any harm, but had the witch tried to harm us through magic, then you would have seen just how powerful the protection given by Artemis is and the witch would have felt her power.”
With the visitation over they returned home and each went to their bed with Richard arranging to meet Paula during her lunch hour the following day, which of course, had already begun.
Richard was walking towards the office where Paula worked when a car suddenly swerved across the road, he was scared for he knew that he did not have enough time to jump to one side. The car was almost upon him when he felt himself lifted up and thrown to one side, as for the car, it crashed in to the shop window beside him. Richard had fallen painfully on to the pavement, with spasms of pain coming from his previously injured leg. A little bruised by the fall but otherwise unhurt, he lay there and let the pain subside. People rushed across to the crash-site, some to see to the driver and some to help him to his feet.
“You were lucky there mate.” A middle-aged man said. “I thought you were a goner, you have the quickest reflexes that I have ever seen, are you an acrobat.”
“No, ex-Royal Marines actually.”
The driver of the car was in shock, but she was cushioned by the airbag that had protected her head from impacting against the steering wheel. Someone had sent for an ambulance and she was in tears, she had damaged her new car, crashed in to a shop window and almost killed someone. Richard limped across to her, she was resting against the side of her car and he asked her.
“Are you all right, you’re not injured?”
She looked at him and through her tears said.
“I could have killed you.”
“But you didn’t, so no harm done, except to the shop window and your car.”
His words made the woman smile and she even managed to stop crying as she climbed out of her car to be confronted by the manager of the shop who seeing that the driver was now smiling complained.
“What are you smiling about, you smashed my shop window in to smithereens and the display, it is now worthless?”
“Give her a break sir.” Richard said, interposing himself between the two. “If I can smile then surely you can give thanks that it was only your shop window that was destroyed.”
The shopkeeper backed off and he nodded at Richard.
“Of course, sir, you are quite correct, the insurance will pay for everything.”
Richard hobbled away to meet Paula and from behind him he heard a woman laughing and the words. “You have until tomorrow to give in to my demands, if you still refuse to by then, prepare to die.”
Richard found Paula waiting for him outside her office, on seeing him limping badly, she asked anxiously.
“Are you all right Richard, what on earth happened to you?”
Richard explained about the accident and then told her of this threat to his life.
“Maybe I should move in with you Richard, until this is over, if so, you will have to make up the spare bed for me.”
“Paula, I thought that I was safe inside my house?”
“You are Richard,” Paula replied. “But you cannot stay inside for ever, when you go out then I will accompany you for the moment, if I am there at your side, I will be able to prevent any similar attacks on you.”
“What about your work, can you afford to take time off?”
“Yes, I missed my holiday this year thanks to covid, when I return to my office, I will tell my boss that I am taking my two weeks holiday. We aren’t too busy at the moment in any case. Also, it will give us the time to trace them back to either their sacred site or one of their addresses. Only then, will we be able to take the fight back to the witches.”
After lunch, Paula returned to her office while Richard did some shopping and then returned home. That evening Paula arrived at Richard’s home with two suitcases and a large cardboard box filled with the material she would need to locate the coven the next time they sent an apparition. One would appear, Paula had assured Richard, if they sat in the back garden and away from the protection offered by the protective jars, they would then be able to take the fight to the witches.
In the back garden, Paula set up everything that she would need to trace the apparition back to the witches’ sacred site, or at least a home of one of the coven. Paula had put a large rigid board down on to the floor, Richard noticed that there was a pre-drawn pentagram on it. Paula covered the ring that enclosed the pentagram with salt, then she put a small cast iron cauldron on the floor beside it. Then, Paula sat on a chair inside of the pentagram and they waited, with Richard feeling rather exposed standing as he was in the middle of the garden, they did not have to wait long.
At the rear of the garden a cloud of grey smoke appeared and within it, they saw a figure appear. He was green in colour, heavily built, but rather squat in stature and on his head, they saw a pair of horns. The demon, for that is what he was, strode forth and rather theatrically it emitted a loud roar before coming to halt before Richard, who had hastily retreated in to the doorway of his house. Both Richard and Paula were scared, but this did not stop Richard from picking up from just inside the doorway, a cricket bat, which he had put there, just in case. Richard glanced over at Paula, who said to him.
“Stay within the house Richard, the demon was only sent to scare you in to doing something stupid, I am safe here within the pentagram.”
“Safe!” Exclaimed the demon. “Neither of you is safe while you continue to hold that which is not yours. Give me the deeds and the bank draft now.”
“Richard, it is just the witch, it is just another apparition, don’t worry, it is harmless, look.”
With that, Paula through a stone at the demon, but it did not go through an apparition, it bounced of a real demon who cried out loudly in pain.
Paula ignored it, she pulled out from her large handbag a wand and a piece of parchment paper on which was written, ‘Goddess, I need your help in tracing the witches who want to harm my friend.’ With her wand she traced the five-pointed star of the pentagram on to the parchment paper while the demon roared its anger. Paula then lit a black candle and used it to set fire to the parchment paper which she dropped in to her cauldron. Then she called out in to the night.
“Artemis, goddess of the night, protector of all wild things of which I am one, show me where our enemies live.
The demon approached Paula and roared again, but when she did not flinch before its terrible maw, it said to her.
“You are powerful, witch, more powerful I think than the one who sent me, the goddess Artemis must like you, for the protection around your house is strong. Even so, you must beware, for with her coven she has much strength, you only have one powerless man to aid you. They may well give up their demands, but if they do, they will kill him and you too if they can catch you.”
With that, the demon left them, leaving behind just the stench of Hell to remind them of its coming.
From the sky, there drifted down to her an address written on an ancient sheet of papyrus, it gave just one rather cryptic message. Paula looked up in to the night sky and called out.
“Thank you, my goddess.”
Paula then brushed some of the salt at her feet aside and stepped out of the pentagram, leaving the candle to burn itself out. She handed the note to Richard who looked at it and then said to Paula.
“What does the message mean?”
The cryptic message read, ‘Two nights hence, at midnight, be at the tomb of the Saxon god of metal working, that is where you will find the disciple of Baphomet, at the witch’s sacred place.’
“Of course, Wayland’s Smithy, he is the Saxon god of metal working, and there is a chambered tomb near to Ashbury that is known as Wayland’s Smithy!” Paula exclaimed.
“Is it your plan to confront her at her sacred place, because if so, then we may need some extra help against a coven of 13 people?” Richard asked quizzically.
“Which we don’t have, but we can take photographs of each of them and maybe follow the witch, who is our main enemy.”
“I went to the tomb on a school trip Paula, the coven could park their vehicles in a number of places, although they will probably disregard the signs and park along the Ridgeway right at the site. We will have to be careful though, so maybe we should use a drone fitted with a video camera, they may hear it but in the dark they will not be able see it.”
“She will have enough power to zap it if we send it up too early, no, we will wait until they have started their Sabbat and then send it near enough to find a likely looking site to land on, one of the stones of the ancient tomb maybe. One thing though Richard, do you have such a thing as a drone and a decent enough video camera to show us what we want to see?”
“No, but I noticed a shop that sells such things the last time I was in Swindon, we could pop in and ask them.”
After a good night’s sleep, they had breakfast and then drove in to Swindon and Richard, flush as he was, planned to purchase a drone plus an expensive video camera. As they were waiting at a crossing, a powerful gust of wind pushed a man standing three feet behind Richard towards him. Thankfully, Paula had felt the witch and then seen her appear behind them, but on the astral plain, and she had managed to pull Richard to one side. The man though, he fell to the ground by their side and he looked up at just as a powerful motorcycle roared pass them. They helped the man to his feet and he looked bemused, a little shaken but otherwise okay.
“It was a gust of wind that pushed me, but look, the air is so still, as it was before and as it is now.” He said rather bemused by it all.
They left a shaken man and after purchasing the drone and the camera, they were now ready to travel to Wayland’s Smithy. They lunched in Swindon and as they were about to return to Richard’s house to rest up after such an eventful day filled with danger, Paula realised that someone was attempting to hex her. Luckily an ancient amulet that she had been given as a present from her grandmother protected her from such things. Something caught her eye, looking up she saw a pair of large brown eyes looking down at her from the astral plain and they were filled with hate and anger in equal measures. She then heard a voice that seemed to drip evil with every syllable.
“You are fighting above your weight dearie; I suggest that you stop while it is still your decision.”
Then the dark witch moved away from her, journeying elsewhere on the astral plain and then back to her home to plan more evil.
Richard woke up that night to find his bedroom was as cold as he imagined the Antarctic to be during one of its deepest winter’s dark nights. Suddenly, a door that should have been only a window blew open and disappeared leaving a gaping hole in the wall. Outside, he saw golden sand stretching to the horizon, a warm breeze blew in the gaping hole and he moved towards the promised warmth that it promised. As he was on the verge of stepping out in to this sun blessed land, he heard a voice, his mother’s voice.
“Richard, stop! If you step outside you will never find your way back to your world.”
His hand touched his crucifix and the nightmare ended, for it was only now that he woke in reality. Across town, a dark witch swore at the forces of the light that battled to stop her winning this increasingly frustrating war.
Paula, hearing Richard cry out, rushed to his room and on entering it an anxious man told her of his dream.
“Your silver crucifix, Richard, it was your mother’s, it is your link to her even though she has been dead for so long.” Paula declared. “And see, you are clutching it in your hand.”
“Paula, how did she reach me, you told me that I should be safe now?”
It took Paula only a second to come to an answer.
“Richard, they must have dug up the protective jars, I really did not think that such a thing was possible, the protective spell should have prevented them. There is only one thing left to do, we will have to protect the house, but this time from inside the house and we should do it before returning to our beds.
“First, we must fill four new jars with the same herbs that we used before, the inner bark from the silver fir, the berries of the cypress, the berries of the cedar, hazelnuts, the leaves and bark from the willow tree, dried flowers from the amaranth plant and the daisy, dried fruit from the myrtle and the date palm and then we must put the lid on each jar to keep the items clean. As I said before, these things are sacred to the goddess Artemis and when we are done, we will once again call upon the goddess Artemis to protect your house against evil.”
“And she will agree to protect my house for a second time?”
“Yes, once I have explained the reason why.” Paula replied.
“I thought that she was a goddess of the night?”
“She is, but have no fear Richard, she has already protected you during the day and she will again.”
“Of course, when she saved me from being struck by the car.”
“Yes, Richard, so you see we will be safe once we have placed each of these four new jars at each side of the house, but it must be in a place where either sunlight or moonlight will reach it during part of the day, there I will repeat the prayer that I made to Artemis over each of the jars.”
They placed the first of the jars at the right-hand rear corner of the house, within the kitchen and then Paula looked at the sky and turning to Richard said.
“Look to the sky Richard, once again with your hand help up as in Christian prayer.”
Richard obeyed Paula this time without comment.
“We beseech you Artemis, goddess of the night, protector of all wild things, of which I am one, cast your protective arms over this house and those who dwell inside it as we honour you with this offering of your sacred herbs.”
Paula repeated this prayer over all the remaining jars, after Richard had place them in a suitable spot and then she led him back in to the kitchen. Her cardboard box had been placed on the floor within a cupboard and from it she took out another of the disposable aluminium foil trays, then she put some more of the herbs on to it and then she turned to Richard.
“Richard, we have to offer up one more prayer to Artemis, please look up at the sky and put your hands together in readiness for the final prayer.”
Richard once again followed her instructions and Paula prayed to the goddess.
“I, your devoted follower, beseech you to protect those who send this offering up to you in the night wind.”
From out of nowhere, within the house that had all of its windows and doors shut, a wind sprang up as Paula continued her prayer.
“Those who follow the dark lord removed our offerings to you and then attacked us using powers that he provided them with, please glorious goddess, look kindly upon us and lend us your help, yet again.”
The wind died down just after the prayer ended and it left Richard thinking how little he knew and of his new beliefs. Paula cut across his bewildered thoughts.
“Time for sleep now Richard, and please do not worry, for everything will be all right, goodnight.”
The next morning, a postman was carrying a letter from the solicitor addressed to Richard. The letter told him about a woman who had said that she wished to contest his uncle’s will, even though she had no proof that the will was false in any way. The letter named her and also warned him that the solicitor believed her to be dangerous, as he had come in to contact with her before. As the postman approached Richard’s house, a strong wind almost made him lose his grip on his bag and the letter within it almost blew away. Just in time he gripped the bag more firmly and closed its flap over.
As he knocked on the door, with the letter in his hand, for it had to be signed for, the letter ignited and he was forced to drop it. He attempted to stamp the fire out but his shoes then ignited and while he pulled his shoe off in an attempt to dowse the flames, the letter was destroyed. Inside the house, the postman’s knock was not heard, and so the occupants knew nothing about it, and as for the bemused postman, he continued on his round, scared to tell anyone about what had happened, for he was now a believer in the supernatural.
That night, four hours after the sun had set, Richard and Paula headed off for the chambered tomb of Wayland’s Smithy, arriving near to it just as the moon rose, lighting their way. They hid up in the trees some distance away from it and there they awaited the arrival of the coven.
An hour before midnight, Richard had positioned the drone, with the camera mounted beneath it, on the ground of the farmer’s field with the trees between it and the tomb. When the coven arrived, it seemed but a moment before the gathering turned wild and now Richard moved the drone moved forward to sit on one of the stones so that a video could be filmed of the revellers. This was so they could each be filmed and hopefully their enemies identified.
They watched the Sabbat as the dancing and chanting to their dark lord began, it seemed but another moment when Engers moved on to the main event of the evening.
“Listen everyone, I am fed up with our house sitters, they refuse to move out and allow us to take possession.”
Engers had to wait until the coven had quietened down enough to hear her words, but by then, Paula had made her own move. A move that was to surprise Richard for Paula believed that only a dramatic change of tactics would save Richard’s life, and maybe even her own, and she was sure that she would be able to return to her old life, after everything was settled.
“Hekate, goddess of the night, goddess of all magic, lend me your power to transform silk in to snake.” Paula cried out, her words reaching the coven 300 feet away from her.
The sky brightened as the form of a beautiful women appeared in the night sky, and everyone heard her reply.
“I have coveted you oh good witch, now you covet my powers, take them, but there will be a price to pay.”
A flash of red light sped from the goddess down to Paula who staggered as it impacted with her, but she recovered in less than a moment and pulling out a silk scarf from her heavy winter coat she threw it towards the coven. It took on wings and flew rapidly towards the coven, arriving amongst them in seconds and seemingly alive. Once there, it leapt upon Engers and wrapped itself around the witch’s neck. Engers, caught by surprise, saw the head of a snake staring up at her, then it opened its mouth to reveal its sharp fangs. As Engers cried out in fear, the snake bit deeply in too her neck, sending a mystical stream of venom in to her neck. A spiral of mystical energy rose from Engers’ still body that was now lying sprawled upon the ground. The energy flew straight to Paula, who, already powerful, hardly noticed the addition.
As suddenly as the snake had appeared, the silk scarf reappeared, it uncoiled from around Engers’ neck and fell lifeless to the ground. Engers still lay upon the ground, whether from the venom or a swoon, the rest of the coven did not know. Most of them, panicked, ran from the chambered tomb and made for their cars which were parked on the Ridgeway.
However, Powell and three of the men stayed behind to help their stricken leader. One of the men, a doctor, checked to see if the fallen witch was alive, she was, and they all breathed a sigh of relief. Together they carried Engers to her car, Powell, who had been a passenger in the vehicle got behind the wheel as the stricken witch opened her eyes and screamed. She screamed as if the hounds of hell were after her, finally she stopped and turning to the four coven members she told them of the terrible thing that had befallen her.
Paula’s hair colour changed from auburn to jet black, her eyes, originally grey, were now also black, she turned to Richard, static electricity running all over her body, in a voice that Richard did not recognise, she spoke in a sultry tone.
“Let’s go home now Richard, the witches will not bother us again, I have taken all of their leader’s power, she is no longer a witch.”
Richard had the drone return to them and turned it off, he would watch and rewatch the video the camera had recorded as soon as he alone. They walked back to Paula’s car, Paula seemingly floating on air, Richard was anxious for his friend, as his voice now indicated.
“Paula, what have you done? I would gladly have given up my inheritance rather than see you come to any harm. Your grandmother, she would never have turned to a dark goddess, why did you, is your soul still your own or are you now in hock to Satan?”
Paula, driving back to Richard’s house, turned to him and said to him, her face alive with humour, her eyes glowing with power.
“Richard, I did what I had to do, for you, for your inheritance and to protect my own life and soul. Do not fret so, surely you can see how beautiful I am now.” She pulled over for a moment and looked in to the mirror. “See how my skin shines with life, my imperfections are gone, god, why did I not have this make-over sooner.” She then added. “Their coven must be short of a leader, maybe I should take it over.”
A stunned Richard, looked at her, but not seeing his friend, in fact, he did not know who she was now.
“Paula, you said that your grandmother was firmly against joining a coven, she thought that they turned witches’ evil.” He argued, unsuccessfully.
“Richard, my grandmother was of another age, while I live in one that glorifies the powerful, and I am powerful.” Paul then asked. “Aren’t I Richard.”
But Paula did not wait for him to answer, she simply burst in to laughter. The remainder of the drive home was quiet, Richard could only hope that this borrowed power would dissipate with the morning sun and that Paula would be once again the good person he knew, one who only wanted to help people without any thought of being recompensed.

Chapter Two

A New Danger

The next day dawned and Engers was still without any powers, Jane Powell was keeping low, the dark power exhibited by Paula had scared her. She fully expected Paula to come by and declare that she was now the coven’s new leader, and Powell would welcome her, as she had welcomed Engers when she had taken the coven away from her.
Paula awoke to a warm winter’s day and smiled, for she felt wonderful, she got up and walked to her dressing table. Sitting there, she looked at her skin, she smiled, for it now radiated its natural beauty with such force that everyone’s eyes would follow her wherever she went. Her eyes, jet black as they were, they too were filled with a glow, albeit a dark glow. However, she still looked like a normal young woman, the darkness within her would only appear if someone, or something, annoyed her.
An anxious Richard had felt guilty, for Paula had risked her soul for him, and now, when they had breakfast together, he realised that Paula had retained her magical powers and he felt even more guilty. But what could he do that would return the good Paula Wilson to him, she had been seduced by what had been given her, and was now bewitched, and by the goddess of magic herself, Hekate? Earlier that morning, he had watched and rewatched the video showing the silk scarf turn in to a snake, one that bit deep in to Engers’ neck. Somehow, the bite had transferred Engers’ powers to Paula, who already had possessed too much Satanic power, that given to her by Hekate.
With Richard’s problem over, Paula returned to her own flat where she planned how her new life would progress. She wanted things that she could never have afforded, or desired, material things, money, power, political power.
She occupied her day by setting up her spare room as a temple to Hekate, out went the furniture and things that had ended up in the room, already unwanted. She used her power to bring a second-hand furniture shop owner to her door, in a daze he cleared the room of everything. Paula spent the rest of the morning washing and cleaning the now empty room. She used the whole of the afternoon to paint a pentagram upon the freshly washed floor.
That evening, she worked within her temple, she knew that there was to be a local by-election in the village for a new councillor, to replace one who had retired, but the local Conservative party were yet to choose their candidate, she had decided to assist them in this task. First though, she would visit her boss, she would need to be a partner in her law firm if she was to be a suitable candidate to run for the Tory party, tomorrow she would become the new candidate for councillor.
It was midnight, Paula stood inside of the pentagram which was drawn in front of the altar within her new temple, which in turn was within her flat. She lit five black candles which were placed at the five tips of the five-pointed star she closed her eyes. She lay down on a cot placed within the pentagram and emptied her mind of anything, except her immediate aim. Paula then projected her mind up on to the Astral Plane, here she looked down at her body and smiled, for she had come so far in so short a time. Paula now visited Morris Chambers, her boss at the solicitor’s office where she worked as a junior solicitor, while he slept beside his wife in their detached house situated on the outskirts of Swindon. She made her presence known to him in a dramatic fashion. She entered his mind and dragged his sleeping mind up to the Astral Plane. Chambers reacted as she had expected, he shrieked in fear and attempted to escape from her, seeing a demon rather than Paula, for she had disguised herself. They were surrounded by flames, he could feel their heat, he could see and smell the sulphur that filled the air, it could have been Hell, in fact it was all an hallucination.
“Listen well mortal, you have a woman working in your office, a Paula Wilson. I have plans for her, plans that necessitate her to be your partner in your firm. See to it on Monday, or you and your wife will die. On awakening, you will probably believe that you suffered a nightmare, ongoing downstairs you will see that this is not so. Say nothing of this to your new partner, it would be better if she knew nothing about my visit, say nothing and you will not endure the pain that only one such as I can inflict upon you.”
Chambers woke, sweat drenched his body that shook with fear, his wife woke beside him and fearing that her husband was experiencing a heart attacked she called out to him.
“Morris, are you all right, shall I call an ambulance?”
Chambers turned to his wife; his face white.
“No Marjorie, I am all right, just a nightmare. I think I will go downstairs and get a drink of water.”
Chambers got out of bed and put on his dressing gown, then he walked downstairs and went in to the kitchen. He opened a cupboard, picked up a glass took it to the kitchen sink and filled the glass with water. He sipped it and turned, then he almost fainted, he did scream in fear. In front of him was Baphomet, the horned goat, the demon smiled, took the glass out of Chamber’s hand and drank the water, then it spoke.
“The Wilson female, do as you were told and I will not need to return, if I do return here, then you and your wife will die.”
Then the apparition of the demon disappeared in a cloud of vile smelling smoke just as Marjorie Chambers burst in to the kitchen to see her husband trembling in fear. He turned to look at her and told her everything that had happened, both in the nightmare and in the kitchen. Paula had not finished yet, she had to underline her instructions to both of the Chambers. Baphomet appeared to both of them and the creature’s eyes bored in to both of theirs, or so both Chambers believed. Fear filled their bodies but they could not move and then the demon repeated his words of warning.
“The Wilson female, do as you were told Chambers and I will not need to return, if I do return here, you will both die.”
When the apparition disappeared for the second time, Marjorie screamed and fainted, luckily for her, her husband was able to catch her falling body and he carried it to the front room where he laid it gently upon their settee. Their weekend was ruined, they were nervous wrecks and on Monday morning, a very pale Chambers called Paula in to his office and informed her that she was now a partner in the firm, if she wanted the position, it would come with an immediate increase in salary and of course, Paula accepted the position. However, she did not tell Richard or Susan of her elevated situation in her firm of solicitors.

*********

Paula rested on Tuesday, not from her day job but her night-time activities. However, Wednesday night found Paula in her temple mixing potions and concocting spells; her aim was to ensure that she was picked as the Tory local council candidate. She planned the same sort of campaign that had given her promotion and an increased salary at the solicitors, however, as she would have to use it against more than one person if she was to be successful, she had amended the plan. The assessment group of the council was to meet that very night and she took to the astral plane and was soon looking down upon them. She decided that the use of a spell would go a long way in getting her selected. Unheard by those below, Paula began her spell.
“Tonight, you will not be choosing a candidate from the list before you, tonight you will choose one who is not currently known to you, one who is not on the list, Paula Wilson is the one who you will select to be your candidate. The temperature will drop to freezing but your lists will warm you.”
To the surprise of all the board members, the temperature dropped to zero in seconds, then their lists of names burst in to flames and were destroyed before anyone could attempt to put out the fires. Paula now appeared before them in the guise of a demon and it was its guttural tones that they heard.
“Listen well unworthy ones, you will choose a fitting candidate, one who I will send to you. Baphomet himself has chosen her, although the chosen one does not know it. Refuse her selection at your peril. The chosen one will call on you here tomorrow evening, supposedly at your request, her name is Paula Wilson, a local solicitor. If you value your sanity, you will be here to greet her and then to select her. Once again, I warn you, Baphomet will be more than angry if you refuse to obey his demands.”
The lights suddenly went out as Paula recited a second spell, one simple but effective, of course, you do need the mystical power that she possessed to make even the simplest spell work.
“May the lights in the room below me be extinguished.”
The board’s reaction to the sudden extinguishing of the lights was to scream out in fear in panic induced terror. Their screams were heard throughout the building and brought hurried assistance. The first person through the door, a labour councillor, fumbled for the light switch, and after finding it, switched on the lights. The sight that met her eyes was the terror filled faces of the selection board, who on seeing the open door, rushed en-masse for it. They almost trampled the councillor under foot, they did knock her back against the wall, stunning her.
The Tory party chairman, along with his Labour party counterpart, were immediately called by an independent councillor, after the terrified people had been brought back in to the building by their colleagues, for they had all exited the building. They were taken to the small coffee shop that served the councillors and staff and by the time that the two chairpersons had arrived they had quietened down in to quiet terror. Miles Robson, the leader of the selection board, was asked to explain what had happened, in turn he asked the right to explain to the John Finchley, the Tory Chairman, in private and his request was granted.
“You will no doubt think me mad, John, but if I am, then so are my colleagues.” He took a moment to gather his wits and then continued. “We were visited by a demon, a real-life demon straight from Hell. He told us that either we put forward the name of Paula Wilson for our candidate, or, we would be sent insane or worse.”
Finchley look incredulously at his friend and gave a half laugh before asking.
“It seems to me that you are already mad Miles. Surely, you can see that it was either a hoax, at best, or a way to have this Wilson woman selected as our candidate by a group of iniquitous people.”
“Well, how did the lists of names catch fire, answer me that?” Robson demanded to know.
“It was a party trick, the sort of thing that magicians do on stage. Believe me Miles, there are no such things as demons!”
“But it appeared out of nowhere John, explain that?”
“While you were distracted by the burning lists Miles, the person simply entered the room.”
“There is one thing that you cannot explain away John, the temperature in the room sank down to freezing point in seconds, and there weren’t any clouds of CO2 gas to explain it.”
“Yes, that is a tricky one, Miles, they must have a fitted the room up with a camera and speakers, and some device to control the temperature we, you and I will search the room now before they have time to remove them.”
Robson agreed and following on behind Finchley and closely followed by Trevor Masters, the Labour party chairman, who could not be shaken off went along to the room.
“What’s all this about John?” Masters asked.
Finchley gave him the edited version of events, blaming terrorists, and when they arrived at the room, they searched it thoroughly for hidden technology, but of course, they neither found it, nor where it could have been.
“Miles, I will contact the Superintendent Jarvis, he can arrest this Wilson woman the minute that she walks through the door tomorrow evening.”
The fear that had been abating inside of Robson now grew again, what if it had been a demon, but he kept his fear hidden and merely nodded.

**********
Thursday morning, as John Finchley drove to his office, Paula sent an apparition to visit him. As he pulled up at a set of traffic lights, a large green demon appeared in the seat next to him, then it spoke to him.
“If Paula Wilson is not made the Tory candidate, you and your complete family will die. Do you understand?”
Luckily, the traffic was light that morning, because Finchley did not manage to stop at the lights, he drove straight across the crossroads and only stopped twenty yards further on as he said fearfully.
“Yes, I understand, Paula Wilson is our new candidate.”
Superintendent Jarvis had a similar experience and he immediately phoned Finchley.
“Finchley, a demon appeared out of nowhere and threatened me and my family, if Wilson was not made your candidate, I am sorry but we will not be proceeding with the case.”
“Good, because I had a similar experience just ten minutes ago, just after leaving my home.”
“Which means that the demon crossed town in five minutes to threaten me. My god Finchley, you know what this means, if there is a Hell, then there must also be a heaven. I promise you, before God, my family will now be going to church every Sunday, no matter what how my children play up.”
“When I tell my selection board about this morning’s events, I imagine that they too will become church goers.”
When the selection board did hear of the two events, they decided that Paula Wilson was just the woman they needed to fill the vacant position.

**********

Friday night, Paula came to a decision, her love life had been put on hold for far too many years, a girl needed a man in her life, she decided, and Richard would do nicely. She would speak to him about becoming a couple, on Sunday, for she had shopping to do on Saturday. She would invite him to the local cafe for a coffee and a chat.
Saturday morning, Richard dropped in to the local cafe, he wanted to sit in the unseasonal winter sunshine and enjoy a coffee and a bun, while he was there, Susan Wells spoke to him.
“Richard, have you noticed how Paula has changed, gone is the nice girl image, now she scares me, especially if I look in to her eyes. She has also missed the last Wicca gathering, something she would normally never do. And, Richard, why has she decided to wear coloured contact lenses?”
Richard explained all that had happened at Wayland Smithy, including her black eyes. A stunned Susan Wells could hardly take it in, her friend had crossed the line and was not only now a dark witch, she was a very powerful one at that. Unseen by them, Paula had seen the two of them talking together, they seemed happy in each other’s company, and her anger rose to unknown heights, he was hers. The next day, she confronted Susan, it was as she left her house to walk to the cafe.
“Susan, Richard is mine, leave him alone,” Paula warned, her eyes blazing with anger. “If you go near him again, you will regret it, please do not doubt it.”
Paula’s warning scared the hell out of Susan, it was not only the eyes, she felt a physical force push her back against her front door hard. The force then concentrated on her chest making the act of breathing impossible. With a final glance of anger, Paula left a shaken Susan, unable to move for a long moment. Susan went back inside her house and called Richard, who answered almost immediately. A rather shaken Susan then explained her reason for the early morning call.
“Richard, Paula has threatened my life if I so much as look at you, she must think that I am trying to steal you away from her.”
“Are you sure Susan, maybe you just misunderstood something she said to you. In any case, I will talk to her, tell her that she scared you.”
“No, Richard, you do not understand, she did not just use words to ram her meaning home. Even though she never physically touched me, a force of some sort pushed me backwards, hard against my front door, then, the same force then pressed against my chest and made it impossible for me to breathe. If someone had seen me, they would have thought that I was ill, they certainly would not have thought that Paula was harming me in any way.”
Richard had feared that the dark energy that Paula now had might just affect her, mentally, now it appeared that his fears had been real, but she had not listened to him, she had been quite happy with her new dark powers.
“Susan, what about your Wicca group, would any of them there be able to advise us about how to convince Paula that she needs help?” Richard asked.
“I very much doubt it Richard, real magic is never practiced, there, it is more of a place to meet and chat. In fact, I now believe that the few spells that we cast probably only ever worked if Paula’s work at the solicitor’s did not make her miss the gathering.”
“Okay, Susan, I had probably better stay away from your cafe for the moment. I will think of something, and soon so please do not fret about it, this new Paula will not be with us much longer. Tell you what, I will consult the local vicar, see what he has to say.”
“Don’t, Richard, she just might hurt him, and you, no, please do nothing until you have spoken to me about it and I will do the same, now promise me.”
“Okay, Susan, but we need to come up with an answer soon, or someone will get hurt, even killed.”

Chapter Three

Richard Risks All

Richard did visit the local church, but he did not speak to the vicar, he did not want to endanger him, if by chance he had believed the strange tale that Richard had to tell. While he had sat inside, in desperation, he spoke quietly to God, for he thought that Paula’s soul could still be saved.
“God, I do not speak for myself, but for Paula Wilson, who risked everything to save my life. In doing so she inadvertently risked her soul for she took on dark mystical powers which she is unable to give up. Please help her, turn her back to the good woman that she was before fighting those who follow Baphomet.”
Richard did not think that his words would be enough to save his friend, his actions would also be required. That evening he called on Paula, Susan was with him but she hung back until she heard the coming struggle.
“Richard, I was just thinking about you, please come in.” Paula said to her friend, standing aside to let him enter her flat. Richard moved passed her but before she could close the front door, he grabbed her from behind with one hand while he muffled her gasp of surprise with his other hand, this prevented Paula from using her magic upon him. Susan hurried through the still open door as Richard forced Paula to her knees. Susan then handcuffed Paula allowing Susan and Richard to carry Paula in to her bedroom where they lay her on the bed. While Richard held Paula down, Susan bound Paula’s ankles and arms to the bed. Paula’s eyes blazed her anger at her captors, if she ever got loose, they both knew that they could easily pay with their lives. Fear now entered their hearts where before there was hope. Richard recovered first, he looked across at Susan.
“Susan, part two, are you ready?”
Susan nodded, although she still looked terrified, then while she held on to Paula, Richard pulled a gag out of a pocket and wrapped it over Paula’s mouth and around the back of her head where he tied it in a knot.
Paula’s mind was in turmoil as she lay bound upon her bed, was this to be a sexual attack? Well, she was okay with that, however, she soon found out just what was behind her two friends’ violent behaviour. Earlier, Paula had taken off her silver cross and placed it together with her ancient pendant upon her sideboard. Richard now picked them up and placed them on his friend’s neck and throat, but nothing happened, he had hoped that the blessings bestowed upon them would have some affect. He looked down at Paula whose eyes were now filled with contempt for him and for Susan. However, when she attempted to cross over to the Astral Plane, she found that the two Christian artifacts prevented her from doing so, frustrated, she decided to wriggle her body to dislodge the artifacts, but Richard, realising what she was about, held them gently against Paula. Paula now stopped wriggling and decided to wait and see as to what her two friends would do now.
Richard pulled a small bottle of holy water out of his pocket, he had visited the paranormal shop in Swindon and found to his delight that they sold such a thing, they had even gone so far as to guarantee it as the genuine article. Of course, if it wasn’t the genuine article, Paula might just prevent them from returning it with a strong protest regarding the said guarantee.
Richard took off the lid and poured a small amount of the water on to Paula’s face, as it trickled down her head and on to her bed, she began to complain that it was hurting her. Taking this as a good sign, Richard and Susan began to recite the Lord’s Prayer
Our Father, which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy Name. Thy Kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread. And forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive them that trespass against us. And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil. For thine is the kingdom, The power, and the glory, For ever and ever. Amen.
Paula became very agitated, but only for a moment for the room suddenly darkened and the temperature fell sharply. Unseen by her two friends, a red cloud formed above their heads, just inches below the ceiling of the bedroom. Then a bolt of lightning flashed down, barely missing Richard who jumped away from the bed in surprise. He grasped a firm hold of his pendant, from the corner of his eye, he noticed the two artifacts on Paula’s neck were slipping off, putting down the bottle of holy water, he grabbed them with his free hand. Paula merely smirked as she awaited further action from Hekate. Susan picked up the bottle and threw it at the cloud, when it struck there was a loud explosion and then the cloud disappeared.
Paula smiled, for the bottle was now empty, her smile faded when Susan pulled a second bottle out of her pocket. Paula was now getting very worried and began to wriggle about on the bed again.
“Richard, it isn’t working, we must have been mad to think that we could bring her back.”
“Paula smiled again, but behind that smile was the thought that Hekate had been chased away by merely throwing holy water at the cloud that the goddess had created, that bothered her.
“Don’t give in Susan, we will win through.”
“Give in Richard, we have a tiger by its tail, I am not giving in!”
Richard looked up at the ceiling and cried out in desperation.
“We need a little help someone, how about coming down here, Hekate did for her side, how about our side helping out a little.”
This cry only made Susan more anxious, that is until the room brightened up and the temperature returned to normal. A bright white cloud enveloped Paula, for a long moment nothing else happened, then the cloud disappeared as fast as it had appeared.
“Look!” Susan cried out. “Her eyes are no longer black, they are grey, and her hair it is returning to its original colour, auburn.”
“Paula,” Richard asked excitedly. “Are you our Paula or the devil’s one?”
“I am your Paula, Richard, thank you both for bringing the real me back, but I do feel different, I think that they have even taken away what powers I once possessed before we visited Wayland’s Smithy it must be as punishment for acting so hastily.”

The End

**********

The Guardian

The people had come from across the water to colonise the green and beautiful island that nestled in the blue Aegean Sea. The first years were hard for the colonists as they struggled to grow enough crops to eat while slowly building their small town. The diet consisted mostly of what they could take from the sea, the dairy produce from their goats and the wild vegetables that grew all over the island. One of the first buildings was a temple dedicated to their goddess, Hekate, for her to rest in, and where she could watch over them. To this end they set the temple at the top of high hill that overlooked the chosen site of their town. At sunset on the night of the full moon, plus the night either side of it, they feasted and danced in front of the temple, laughter filled her temple. On the first night the elders sacrificed a goat to her so that she would continue to watch over them, begging her to protect their people and their small town, making a solemn promise to their goddess to worship her above all others.
“Goddess Hekate, you watch over us, send us rain and the warmth of the sun, we grow because of you, please listen to my vow. We, your people, during each full moon, and also the night directly before and after it, will celebrate in your honour, we will sacrifice a goat to you, never will we forget you.”
They lived quiet lives within the town`s houses, content with their lives. But as the centuries past, a new god appeared and the people of the island forgot their vows and they turned away from Hekate, and towards the Christian god. Then invaders came to conquer, to loot, to enslave them.
This had made Hekate sad, for their sacrifices were such joyous occasions, now she had lost them to the powerful Christian god. Her temples everywhere fell in to disrepair as her worshippers turned to other, newer, gods. She felt no anger towards the people of the island, she was passed that, she felt only pity, and then mostly for herself. This time however, she had left behind her a guardian, a demon who she placed deep beneath her temple in a secret chamber, there to call to her, if the islanders should once again call upon her, as many had once done, so long ago.
As centuries followed centuries, the town and its guardian were forgotten by the goddess. The town had new overlords, the temple fell in to disrepair, it was robbed of its fine marble columns and slabs until all that remained were its foundations. These slowly disappeared from view, buried beneath a layer of vegetation. Deep beneath it the guardian, feeling a terrible loneliness, grew ever angrier at being forgotten by the goddess.
The island and its people were subjected to many pirate raids by evil merciless men who sold many of the islanders in to slavery. One such pirate captain, Piri Murat, was captured, and as punishment for his many crimes, the islanders took him up to the old temple and buried him alive, covering his grave-site with one of the large slabs of stone that had once been the floor of the temple. The evil that lived inside the pirate was drawn downwards towards the chamber where the guardian lived. The evil finally took up residence within a statuette of the goddess, it was located just above the chamber, and from there the evil spoke to the guardian. Listening to the pirate’s lies, the guardian soon developed a deep hatred for all mankind, one that only its goddess could easily take away. The evil though found itself captive within the statuette, unable to leave it as it was sacred to Hekate. For over the centuries when it had been used by the locals in their celebration of their goddess it had accumulated a mystical force that would never fade. It fought the evil, never beating it, but weakening it, until the evil had lost most of its strength and all that remained was its hate and its voice.
Time past and now the people of the island saw new invaders, these came armed with spades, trowels and brushes. They dug down in to the island`s past, dug in to the ground sacred to Hekate to find any hidden secrets that might have been waiting over the centuries to be uncovered. Much did they discover, such as a small statue of the goddess, which they housed in display cases set in the island`s museum near to the ancient agora. The archaeologists had found much, that later, the people of the island would rather have been kept secret.
The new moon pulled at the guardian each month, each year, however, it sat in its undiscovered chamber, afraid to move from its appointed place. The years past and it grew weary of the ache within its spirit as each month the full moon called to it.
“Goddess Hekate, why have you left me all alone with just the spirit of a pirate to keep me company, and now even that has been taken from me. I died here waiting for you and for countless years after that my body shrunk in upon itself as it became mummified. I have neither seen anyone or heard anyone except for the spirit of the pirate, please tell me, when will you return for me?”
The island was struck by a minor earthquake which further damaged the remains of the temple and opened a small fissure in to the chamber, it led to the outside. This allowed the gas that had once been air to escape from it and allow fresh air in to replace it. The fissure offered the spirit of the guardian a way out of its tomb and when the goddess did not answer its call to it, it decided that it must leave the chamber to venture outside, to do so, it had to cast a spell to overcome its original purpose.
“What is left of my flesh and bone free my captive spirit, so that I am free to venture where I will.”
A bright flash of light filled the chamber and the spirit of the demon escaped from its body and it then slipped out through the newly created fissure, out in to the night. It descended down towards the new town, through the scant remains of the original one that the guardian had known so well, and its journey led it towards the museum. The spirit heard the voice of the pirate coming from behind a locked door, who had felt the guardian’s approach.
“Come in to the building, Guardian, free me, I am held by some force within the statuette of the goddess. Free me and you shall never need to be alone again.”
The guardian smashed open the locked door using just the power of his mind, and it walked inside the building and was led to the statuette of the goddess by the voice of the evil. It smashed the glass cabinet holding the statuette and picking the statuette up in ghostly hands, it threw it to the floor in an anger born of loneliness. The evil weakly rose up from the floor and reaching upwards he grabbed a hold of the spirit of the guardian. He slowly climbed up the spirit until he was level with its mid-section and he held on to it by sheer will power alone, for he had no strength left for much of anything except for his evil thoughts.
“See, my friend, we can now be together for eternity.” The evil said triumphantly.
Once again, he told the guardian that the locals were responsible for the pain that he felt within his heart, for it was they who had turned away from the goddess Hekate. It then told the guardian that it must change the hearts of the locals if the goddess was ever to return to her temple.
Held in the power of this evil, the guardian left the building and it had walked just a few feet when it saw a local approaching him, the local had come to investigate the sounds of vandalism to his museum. The spirit of the guardian, although it did not possess a physical body, gripped the local by the throat with his ghostly hands, the local found that he was unable to cry out for help, such was the mystical power possessed by the guardian. The local would have screamed, if he had been able, for the face of the pirate appeared before him, evil emanated from it, the mouth shaped to indicate a sneer and the two black eyes blazed hatred. Slowly the local was strangled by this pair of almost invisible hands, his last thoughts were that the devil himself must now be walking the Earth. When the local was dead, the guardian threw the body to the ground, and weakened by the amount of mystical energy that he had used, he returned to his chamber under the temple floor to rest.
With this first death, the locals suspected a stranger was responsible, one of the summer visitors. When two more deaths followed the first, each victim strangled, the locals, fearful that it must be a tourist, found that they could no longer look at each new face with friendship, in case it was the face of a murderer. Of course, the tourists were innocent, for they streamed from the ships that called at their harbour, and many only spent a single day there, the others, certainly no longer that two weeks. With three murders on every full moon, plus of course the night either side of it, the locals finally acknowledged, the murderer lived amongst them.
Now, as the time of new moon approached, a silence settled over the tavernas and shops that almost encircled the ancient agora. They had emptied of their customers, who had fled the area before the sun`s ray disappeared under the far horizon. The locals, followed by the dwindling number of tourists, hid behind their doors in fear, awaiting the screams that would herald yet another terrible death. The island was dying, and as the autumn came, the number of visitors had dropped to a fearless few. The local police were amongst those afraid to venture out, too afraid to investigate the screams until the sun rose again the next morning. The police chief knew that they had to act, or the island itself would empty of its people, so he called his superiors in the capital, Athens, and begged for their help.
Captain Christos Pallas was a detective skilled in solving even the hardest of murder cases, he arrived with four men and a forensic expert to prove to the locals that the culprit was all too human. Unfortunately, they arrived four hours prior to sunset, on the night before the full moon. Three days later and he only had the forensic expert, who after witnessing the first murder from his hotel window, had refused to move out of his room until the sun rose. Captain Pallas, that first night, had attempted to get a description of the killer from the forensic expert.
“Sergio, you saw the attack, you must have seen him, it was almost a full moon out there, now tell me, what did he look like, describe him?”
“He was the devil himself Captain, I saw his horns, his tail.” Sergio wailed. “He was naked, his skin was red, I think. God protect us for the devil himself walked amongst us. One more thing about him Captain, I could see right through him, he did not seem to have a flesh and blood body at all, more like a ghost than anything else.”
With that the expert broke down and cried. The next morning, Captain Pallas was at his wits end, and for guidance he turned to Father Nikolaos Panagos, the local priest, for help.
“Father, what sort of creature can be carrying out such murderous attacks on innocent people, why are there never any real sightings, just ramblings of minds affected by the terrible sight that their eyes were forced to look upon?”
“I have thought about it ever since coming to this island Captain, and I firmly believe that it must be a creature sent from Hell, but why, that I cannot fathom, unless it is to punish us for our evil ways.”
“Father, no small town such as this one, could ever be said to be so evil as to warrant these murders.”
The priest looked at the troubled police captain, and finally voiced something that he had been thinking about since the last full moon.
“There is someone who might help us; however, it would mean you looking for a paranormal answer rather than a human one.” The priest began. “An old friend of mine, one that I have not seen for an eternity, and I should add that the church frowns upon him. However, he may be the only salvation for the people of this island, for, if the killings do not stop soon, our town, our island, will die.”
Pallas looked at the town priest and asked quizzically.
“Just what sort of man is this friend of yours, father, if the church frowns upon him. And, how can he help when I have failed and my men have been killed?”
“He is odd Captain, that is surely the kindliest description of him. However, he will be able to help because he does not allow himself to be constrained by orthodox thinking.” The local priest replied. “However, Captain, I have heard much about him since I last met up with him, and from what I have heard, he does get results, only no one in authority will accept them, even though the problem has always gone away.”

**********

Alexandros Xavier was certainly unconventional, but he answered their call for help and arrived the day following the one that his old friend had phoned him and spoken to him of the terror that was killing the island. He had dropped what he was doing, although it had been rather lucrative, and responded to a cry for help. Father Panagos met him at the harbour and took his friend to his hotel, which Father Panagos had booked for him. Once his friend was settled within the hotel room, the priest fully explained the problem, ending with an explanation why Alexandros, rather than he or the authorities, was necessary if the murders were to be stopped.
“Alexandros, this problem is more up your alley than mine, for my Christian upbringing, my position as a member of the Orthodox Church, prevents me or the authorities from even thinking of a way to solve this mystery.”
Alexandros smiled at the compliment and then replied.
“I have come across this sort of thing before Nikolaos, that time it was a very ancient creature, a demon, that had been behind the terror. From your tale of woe, it sounds more than likely that it is a similar creature here on this island. Nikolaos, will you take me to the ancient ruins on the island, we should start our search there for your demon?”
When they reached the ancient agora, ringed by empty tavernas and equally empty shops, Alexandros walked amongst the ancient ruins. However, he only felt a sadness about the place, he had felt this at all the ancient ruins that he had visited, it was not a sign of evil. He knew that he had to look elsewhere for the evil that stalked this island. Looking up at the hill behind the agora, he saw the ruins of another ancient building that had been uncovered by archaeologists, but they that had quickly departed the island when their people had begun to die.
“Those remains up on the ridge Nikolaos, what are they?”
Father Panagos turned and looked at the hill that ran along the back of the small town.
“That, I believe Alexandros, is all that is left of the temple of Hekate.” The priest replied quizzically.
“Then, Nikolaos, you had better take me up there. I will search there for the evil that is attacking your island.”
“We will have to be quick Alexandros, for tonight is the night before that of the full moon.”
“Do not fret Nikolaos, there is time enough, we are only doing a quick recce.”
The quadrangle that marked the base of the ancient temple was almost empty, except for a lone pillar still defying the robbers and time itself. They walked on to the ancient floor of the temple, Father Panagos looking anxiously at the sun, which was getting lower with every second. Alexandros suddenly stumbled and cried out in distress, Father Panagos thought that he was having a heart attack.
“Pull me away from here Nikolaos, please.” Alexandros begged.
It took Father Panagos a moment before he realised what was actually happening to his friend and even longer to act, for fear grabbed a hold of him and held him firmly in its grasp. Finally, after praying to God for his help, he was able to drag Alexandros off the quadrangle and on to the long grass that almost hid it from view.
“Thank you, Nikolaos.” Alexandros gasped. “I felt an aching loneliness and a terrible anger almost as soon as I walked on to the remains of the temple. It was almost too much for me to bear. But it was the hatred, the evil that made me react as I did. You would not have felt it Nikolaos, however, for one such as me, a sensitive, it was as loud as a 21-gun salute.”
“Felt what Alexandros, I have been up here before but I have never felt even a trace of evil?” Father Panagos asked anxiously and obviously not hearing the latter part of his friend’s sentence.
“I do not know exactly what it was Nikolaos, something very old, however, there was something else, that was the evil that I felt. When we find out what this evil is, hopefully, I will be able to deal with it, however, I will need your help, for it may just be too great for a sensitive such as I to defeat without your help.”
Alexandros stopped here for a moment as if puzzled by something, then he said.
“It was so powerful that the evil has permeated everything that is left of the ruin. This is the thing that has murdered your people, and it has a hatred for all of mankind.” He said awed by his own words.
“If the spirit, or whatever it now is, is that strong Alexandros, just what was the real thing?” Father Panagos asked in horror.
“I do not know Nikolaos; however, I mean to find out. As for the murders, I suddenly believe that we can defeat whatever was left here, however, I need to know more. Tell me Nikolaos, just what was taken from this site, when the archaeologists dug here?”
“I do not know, Alexandros, however, everything that was found here was put in to the town`s museum, the archaeologists did not stay long enough to pack it up, not after the murders began. If we ask the curator, he will be able to tell us what artifacts were taken from the temple.”
The sun was beginning to set by the time that they reached the curator`s house, for the museum had closed an hour earlier. Then it took time for Father Panagos to get the curator to open the door to them, let alone to allow them to enter.
“I am sorry to be so cautious Father, but you should not be about at this time of the day, not during the three nights around the full moon. You know that it comes during those three nights, comes for those foolish enough to walk near to the ancient agora.”
“Never mind that Mr Harris, we are safe now. However, it is important that you tell Mr Xavier just what was taken from the temple of Hekate. He believes that it might give us a clue to the evils that walk our town.” Father Panagos said.
“Well, apart from a few small items, such as vases and the like, the only noticeable item was a small statuette of the goddess Hekate, and it and the other pieces are all in the island’s museum.”
“That must be it, Nikolaos, whatever is doing these evil deeds must be somehow linked to the statuette, but why? The goddess Hekate would have been here to protect the town, not to destroy it.” Alexandros Xavier declared quizzically.
He then turned back to Mr Harris.
“I am sorry, Mr Harris, but we will have to stay the night in your front room. To venture forth would be to imperil our lives.” He then asked. “Mr Harris, do you know what the cult of Hekate practised on the island?”
“From what we know, there was nothing evil about it, unfortunately, all we do know comes from the two vases that the archaeologists found in the agora. On the first one, the picture on it depicts the priests of Hekate sacrificing a goat to Hekate on the night before that of the full moon. It was part of a ceremony that lasted for the night before, during and after the full moon. On the second vase, the picture shows Hekate filling the nets of fishermen. Neither vase shows the goddess in a bad light.”
Alexandros smiled and said to the others.
“It could be one of the links that we are looking for, however, it would not cover the evil that I felt, nor the terrible hatred. Tomorrow, we will visit the museum to see what else there is, tonight though we should sleep.”

**********

It was two in the morning and one ancient local found that he could not sleep, his thoughts of the murders kept his mind ticking over. He got out of bed and dressed, he would take a walk he had decided, a walk at the point furthest away from the archaeological dig but still inside the village, that he thought, should be safe.
Unfortunately, for him, the spirit of the demon and the evil that controlled all of its actions had still found him. A terrible roar woke the sleeping locals, they sat up in their beds, eyes wide with fear and with their pulses racing. Those who had found that sleep was beyond them, shrunk further back in to their chairs, as they prayed to God to keep them safe.
When the sun finally rose after yet another murder, as yet unknown to anyone, Alexandros, the priest, the curator and the detective, who had joined them at the curator’s house, walked to the museum to look at the small statuette. They all hoped that it would assist Alexandros in his search for the supernatural beast behind the terrible murders. Harris opened the glass case and took out the broken statuette, now repaired, handing it across to Alexandros, who refused it, for he could already feel the evil emanating off of it.
“No, Mr Harris.” Alexandros said hastily. “Please, you keep a hold of it while I just touch it, if the evil is indeed still within it, and it is as powerful as I found it to be upon the ancient temple, then I just might drop your statuette.”
Harris immediately pulled it back from Alexandros, for the statuette was a prized exhibit of the museum. Alexandros now inched forward and tentatively reached out a finger to touch the statuette. On touching it, a feeling of uncontrolled evil flowed from the statuette into his hand, and from there it headed towards his brain, but only for the briefest of moment’s. Fear took a hold of him, but also only for that moment, for he immediately realised that this was a mere memory. Even so, had it been another sensitive, it could have brought on a heart attack. He moved hastily away from the artifact and sat down on a nearby chair, there for the guard’s use when the museum was open.
“Whatever it was that had inhabited the statuette, it has gone, probably it has taken possession of someone, or something, else, but it was concentrated evil that I felt, or at least the memory of it.”
Alexandros turned to the detective.
“If it was a human who became host to the evil, you would know him by now, the evil would have made him deformed in some way.”
“Then the host was not a human, Alexandros, for there is no one on the island that has suddenly become deformed in any way, or gone missing.” Captain Pallas informed Alexandros.
“Then it is still within the ancient temple, a guardian maybe, left behind when the people began to turn away from the old religion. But the evil, how does that fit in, surely it can have nothing to do with the Guardian or the temple?”
Alexandros was quiet for a moment, then he declared. “I need to see the vase that was found in the agora, I need to study the picture on it.”
Harris locked away the statuette and then he led them over to the two vases and opening the glass case, he took out the first of the vases and handed it to Alexandros.
He took just a moment to study it before agreeing with the curator, it did indeed depict the priests of Hekate sacrificing a goat to Hekate on the night before that of the full moon. It depicted a part of a ceremony that lasted from the night before, during and after the night of the full moon.
Just then, a policeman rushed in to the museum, another body had been discovered, the demon had struck again. Alexandros picked up the second vase to ensure that it did indeed show Hekate helping the fishermen fill their nets. There was no evil depicted on either of the two vases, did this mean that the evil had nothing to do with the ancient cult, but had in fact attached itself to the statuette at a later date. Putting the second vase back, he followed the priest and the senior policeman to the body of the demon’s latest victim.
They looked down at the dead body of a man who had been one of their citizens, now he was just a corpse lying cold in the sand, a victim of a something that belonged in Hell. Just like the others, this man had been strangled, his larynx crushed by a force that no sane human possessed. The policeman looked across at Alexandros, hoping for an answer that would end this series of murders. Alexandros now offered him something, not exactly hope, but bordering upon it.
“The evil that I felt within the statuette is certainly not present now, it must have moved on, something has probably taken it back up to the ruined temple, which is where I originally felt it, in all of its evil glory.” Alexandros then added a little more. “The killer’s companion is a lonely but angry thing, that is what I felt within the remains of the temple, I believe it to be a guardian. We must send it back to its own dimension, but first, we must send the evil that accompanies it down to Hell. We must return to the ruined temple, but first, I have to protect myself so that the strength of the combined spectres does not incapacitate me, again. I have what I need in my hotel room, luckily, I brought it with me, just in case I found a need for it.”
Once back in his hotel room, he opened his suitcase and pulled out a plastic box, the inside was lined with padding to help protect the collection of glass bottles within it, there were also some envelopes and small plastic boxes. The policeman looked sceptical as he glanced at the assortment of containers, however, the priest looked on with hope in his eyes. Alexandros smiled at the policeman, but said nothing. He put two of the glass bottles in to the side pockets of his jacket while saying. “These are for my protection, you two will not need them as neither of you are sensitives.”
He put a garland of garlic upon his head and to hold it in place, he put his hat back on, saying. “More protection for me, although, I would recommend that you both put a garland of garlic on your heads, it will stop even the evillest of demons from messing with your brains.”
Next, he put two bulky packets in to a soft briefcase, saying. “The potions contained within these two packets will, hopefully, send the evil demon to Hell and the guardian back to his home.”
Then, he put a bottle of holy water in to the inner pocket of his jacket, saying. “Holy water never lets you down, not even when your adversaries take you by surprise.”
Finally, he took out of his suitcase a number of silver crosses, each attached to a silver chain necklace. “Each of us must wear one of these as a protection against the evil that we will find when we investigate the old temple. My one has already been blessed, to give extra protection, the good father must bless his and your one Captain, for a blessing cannot be transferred to another person, which is why they have not yet been blessed.”
Alexandros smiled at the two men, as he put on his cross and chain, for the time for battle had arrived. But first the priest had to bless his own cross and that of the police captain. Finally, they were ready, and time was always short, so Alexandros said to the two men.
“We must go now, before it gets too late. We are going up to the ruins of the temple and to battle whatever is killing our people.” He then added. “Captain Pallas, we will need a couple of stout men to wield a pick axe and a spade, and they too will need the protection of the crosses, which I have, and the garlic which I do not have.”
Captain Pallas looked thoughtful as he put the silver chain around his next and then he spoke to his two comrades.
“I know the very two men to aid us in our fight, both have strong backs and they are not easily scared. Georgios and Mixalis Iraklidis, they are brothers and both served in our nation’s special forces. I will call them and ask them to meet us at the bottom of the steps that lead up to the temple ruins.”
He phoned Georgios, who answered almost immediately, promising that he and his brother would be proud to help them in this dangerous quest. They then set off for the temple ruins themselves, picking up the garlic from a local mini-market and the tools from the priest’s garden shed. They all arrived at the foot of the old steps together, Mixalis and Georgios putting the garlic upon their heads and after the priest had blessed two more of the crosses, they put the necklaces around their necks. Now everyone was ready, Georgios and Mixalis took the two tools from the older men and the group walked slowly up the rough-cut stone steps that would take them to the ancient temple. The sun overhead provided them with its autumn warmth, and somehow, this lessened their fear. On reaching the place where Alexandros had been so affected by the ancient evil, Alexandros asked the two young locals to widen the deep fissure in the rocks, one that he had not noticed before due to the pain that had afflicted him at that time.

**********

Beneath their feet, the dark soul belonging to the ancient pirate captain felt their presence, he also felt danger, its scent came from the mortals above him, scared for once, he woke the sleeping guardian.
“Wake my friend, we are in danger from the mortals, they are at this very moment searching for us.”
The crash of the pick axe reinforced the pirate’s words, this was followed by Georgios levering up the broken stone and then sending it crashing down the hill.
“Should we be doing this, destroying an ancient site with such zeal?” Pallas asked anxiously.
“To do nothing would see more of our citizens die, is that what you want Captain? Anyway, I do not think that any of the locals will complain, and the archaeologists have sailed away in fear, after causing the problem that we are now left to face and sort out.” Father Panagos replied testily.
Pallas stayed silent, he merely shook his head as the pick axe crashed down again, and this time it impacted against the ceiling of the underground room that sheltered the two spirits. Two more blows and the ceiling cracked and a small part of it fell to the floor below. When Alexandros shone his powerful flashlight through the newly made hole, its light revealed the bones of the guardian on the floor, ten feet beneath the anxious men.
“We are through,” Alexandros declared, “Now, we must despatch the evil and then send the guardian back to its own world.”
He knew that this would probably be easier said than done, even so, he opened the briefcase and pulled out one of the two bulky packets, this one contained the potion intended for use against the evil spirit. Through the top of the packet was a fuse, he lit this with his cigarette lighter and then dropped the bulky packet through the newly created hole. He then pulled out a note book and opened it to a marked page, he then read from it.
“Evil creature, heed my words, I command you to leave this place and to journey to Hell through the hole that I have made for you. Go now or I will summon the angels to destroy you.”
His words caused those gathered near to him to hurriedly draw away from the hole, fear now plainly upon their faces as the prospect of facing an evil spirit of Hell made even the bravest of them fear for their very soul.
A scream of pain mixed with anger came from the hole as the potion attacked the dark spirit, forcing it to rise up and away from the smoke that had begun to fill the chamber, whisps of black smoke escaping through the hole. Then a black shape slipped from the hole and it roared at Alexandros, making even him step back a pace, but that was all. In his hand he now held the bottle of holy water, and he splashed a good amount on to the creature of Hell and as it let out a scream of pain, it exploded and disappeared.
“The evil spirit is no more gentlemen, now we must return the guardian to its world.”
Alexandros now pulled the second packet out of his briefcase and it too had a fuse poking out of the top. This he lit, and then he dropped the packet down through the hole, then he read from another page of his notebook.
“Guardian of Hekate, heed my words, your goddess awaits you at your home, she bids you to return to her there. Go now, for your period of waiting is over.”
From the hole, amid a wisp of white smoke, a spirit rose and looked at Alexandros. They all felt the same feeling flow over them, one of happiness, for the demon’s loneliness was over, then it too disappeared.
“Gentlemen, your island is free of the evil that stalked it over the night of the full moon and the nights either side of it. Now, let us walk down and enjoy a drink at one of your tavernas, and a snack, for suddenly I feel a little hungry.”

THE END

Why not visit my author page by clicking on the link. Smashwords Books.

A Note from the Author

All of my books are free so please do excuse any typos, misspellings, or grammatical errors as I cannot afford to use a professional editor, although I do personally edit my books, numerous times, to try to find any such errors. I do hope that you enjoyed this story nearly as much as I enjoyed writing it and that you will also read another one.

************

Other Books by the Author

Colonies of Earth science fiction series in order

Galaxy Spies
Time Storm
Rebirth
Trial by Ordeal

David Charlton stories, a science fiction stories

Rescue Mission to the Stars
The Treasure of Altaraus
Return to Mazere

Alun Reece science fiction stories
Pen Draig
Oceanus

Other science fiction stories
Quasar
The Venetou
Invasion Earth
Lost and Far from Home
Journey to the Stars
Rebellion is in the Air
Insurrection
Alien Attack
Return to Paradise

Short children`s stories
Three Journeys of the Scary Kind

Horror stories
Strange tales; five short mild horror stories

The Professor Myrddin Llewellyn stories
The Vampires of Cymru
Creatures of Hell

Rob Hinds black magic stories
Kidnapped and Bound for Hell
The Satanists
Dreamscape
The Return of the Bitch from Hell

