


TAKE
HEIDY HARDAKER


© Heidy Rose Hardaker 2020
Cover Design, Photos, & Creation © Heidy Rose Hardaker 2020

The right of Heidy Rose Hardaker to be identified as the Author of the work has been asserted by her in accordance with the Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.
This book is the work of fiction. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead, is coincidental.

All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever except for the use of brief quotations in a book review or with permission from the author.



Prologue
6424



The foul interior of Aves Atrium was covered by a pristine ivory exterior. Beneath the mask of innocence was a decaying prison. Novak’s gaunt frame lay fractured in the middle of it, she was inches away from the only exit. It was only an illusion. There was no real freedom left in their world anymore. The glow of despair beckoned her into its arms, so she crawled towards it. Her blood left a trail behind her but she did nothing to stop it from flowing out of her damaged leg. The knife was still protruding out of it.
Morgan knelt beside her. ‘Sorry sis but you can’t run from this nightmare,’ he mumbled a half-hearted apology as he ripped the knife out. She tried to scream. But the shock of his betrayal burnt a hole in her oesophagus.
She struggled against her conflicting feelings, he was suppose to be her brother. Unable to speak, her shallow breaths were magnified by the silence. She rolled off her stomach and stared at the decaying ceiling. Her toe brushed against the rotting wood as it crumbled against the slightest touch. The stench of death permeated the air. She spluttered and coughed but a thick layer of grit clung to her teeth.
The maze of rooms did nothing to quell her fear. She was trapped. They were surrounded by withering and shrieking voices. She had always felt above the craziness but now she was devoured by it.
An object collided with her head before it fell to the floor with a thud. The jolt awakened her tired mind. Her eyes were sluggish. She was blind as the cavernous room moved without her.
‘It’s your new identity, pick it up.’ Morgan’s usual dull expression was replaced with a manic exhilaration. ‘Raven.’
‘In twenty years we need you to be ready.’ The disembodied voice said with asperity. It echoed around the vaulted ceilings and empty space.
Novak cringed as she realised who was speaking. ‘Say it to my face if you dare. Even with an injury, I’d still kill you.’
‘You’re not worth the time it would take to trek over there. If you don’t want it we can give it to someone else but I think it matches your skill set so perfectly.’ Avery’s voice was even more irritating through the humming crackle of the loud speaker. She was on the other side of the atrium, taunting them from a distance.
‘Don’t care.’ Novak flicked the file away as she tried to contain her rage. Her fingertips were raw. The layers of skin were stripped away, everything she touched exacerbated the pain.
‘Careful, you’ll die for that choice, is it really what you want?’
‘I’ll no longer be what I want, but what I need. I need your poison without it I’ll be nothing, without you I’ll feel nothing. Isn’t that death?’ Novak smiled as she held up the flame.
‘No!’
She threw the lighter into the accelerant. Whoosh.
Regret trickled down her spine as she realised how much she enjoyed it. She clutched her mouth as she tried to quiet the screams of elation. The flames almost caught her as they spread quicker than her imagination had predicted. They licked the rotting floor as she lost herself to them.
A hauntingly beautiful collage of cobalt, lilac, marigold and most importantly scarlet. It popped, crackled, and sizzled against the damp and damaged wood. Water bubbled out of the singed and flaming slab of vegetation. Until it exploded.



1
6444



The brisk night air was burrowing its way into Zoe’s skin. She could feel it crawling around her body. The sky had darkened quicker than she had anticipated. Her ears were alert to the smallest sound. A dull thud was making its way closer to her position. She suppressed a shiver as her feet pounded the pavement. A steam train of huffs and puffs made her hesitate. Either a runner was behind her or someone was suffering an asthma attack. The footsteps suddenly changed direction as the wheezing continued. She glanced back. His feet were barely able to withstand another step as the noisy runner stumbled past and slowly disappeared into the dusk.
She continued to trudge towards the shortcut if she was not careful she would take the wrong exit and end up back where she started. Another delay that she did not need. Her absentmindedness had already made her late. Part of her was resisting, unable to make peace with what she had to do.
A sharp noise made her head snap back. The wind blew through her and rustled the leaves of a nearby hedge. She laughed at her cowardice. It was a piece of plastic that was following her.
The corridor was foreboding, she was fenced in. She held her breath against the sharp smells and sprinted through the darkened alleyway. Her lungs burst as she curled over before she made it. A weird mixture of spicy and sweet food entered her nostrils. She was not sure if it was someone’s dinner or rubbish from a nearby trash can. Her legs were numb, she could not feel the difference between the skin that hid behind her clothes and her exposed flesh.
As she hobbled around the corner two bright lights pierced through the dim. She was temporarily blinded as a car roared to life. Its exhaust spluttered against the sudden strain.
Zoe’s whole body shook.
A screeching noise made her flinch. Without her hearing, she felt vulnerable. The car pulled away but the coincidence had unnerved her. There was no time to turn back. She was almost there and now her mind was set, there would be no changing it. Whatever the future would bring, she would accept the consequences of her own actions.
All of her senses were heightened as she rushed around the last bend and ran up the concrete steps.
The door was ajar. She crept inside and collapsed onto the musty carpet. Her hands were stuck to the stained rug as she trembled uncontrollably. The sweat on her forehead was dripping down her face. Her eyes adjusted to the room as she crawled towards the kitchen. A knife block was above her. She stood on her unsteady knees and reached for one of the knives. The knife gave her the courage she needed to walk towards the stairs.
Every step was torture as she slinked towards the bedroom. The aged building was fusty. Each step could be her last as she sunk into the creaky floor. The floorboards sounded like they would break at any moment.
Her foot went further than she expected. The distance to the last step was such a surprise that her foot slammed into the top step. She paused. The noise was too loud. Nothing moved, not even the unstable house. Her ears were straining against the silence.
She shuffled forward. The old building creaked and moaned against the intrusion but she ignored it. All the doors were open, she located the bedroom door and scuttled inside. Her heart was beating faster with every noise she made.
Enfield was snoring. Every breath caught in her throat and made her snort. The long pauses between breaths made Zoe panic. She hugged the knife too tightly as she hovered over Enfield. In the dim light Zoe could only see the whites of Enfield’s eyes. It was easier that way, she did not look human. Zoe raised her weapon.
The first blow hit an artery. Enfield’s hands came up to defend herself but it was too late. Blood flew around the room as Zoe’s attack became more frenzied and less precise. She was not sure if Enfield was dead but she did not want to stop. Her rage gave her the strength she needed to continue.
Zoe fell back onto the carpet. The only noise she could hear were the short gasps that were coming from her fatigued lungs. No matter how much she panted, she could not recover. She was as lifeless as her victim.



2



Alexander struggled through the sloppy mud and tangled mounds of wild grass. His socks were coated in the foul smelling mush. It was the fifth time he had lost his shoe. As he pulled and twisted it, the force almost made him lose his balance. He squeaked. It took all his core strength to correct his overbalance. The last place he wanted to be was swimming in the muddy porridge of neglect and possibly sewerage.
Fatigued by the ordeal, he rested against a willow tree. Its silky leaves brushed past his cheek as the coarse-grained bark dug into his hand. He reclined against the textured surface but almost fell through the tree. It was rotten to its core.
Terger Headquarters was full of duplicitous snakes. He was new to the game but he could already feel their poison seeping in. They were encircled by the valley. Its vast forest changed from isolation to urbanisation within mere minutes. Terger’s valley, and river trapped them within Erase’s cage as the fault lines destabilized the ground beneath them. It was chosen for that reason. They were the guinea pigs to every new technology. For a select few who had chosen this life, they were not trapped by the lifestyle but absorbed by it.
A vivid flash of colour made Alexander smile. His pursuer stumbled past him. He jumped away from the willow tree, droplets of water splashed around him.
The noise frightened his pursuer who dove into the shallow water and serrated grass.
Alexander allowed himself one moment of revenge before he suppressed the chuckle. Feigning ignorance, he continued towards the darkness.
‘Alex. It’s Cat,’ a friendly but unfamiliar voice called out to him from the darkest part of the dense forest.
‘Detective,’ Alexander corrected. His eyes quickly found and analysed the snitch. He had imagined her as a tall and slender young woman. But what he saw was a harsh contradiction: stocky and weathered, her blonde hair rampant around insane eyes. She was comfortable in the wasteland.
Suddenly she jumped over a tree stump and landed on top of him. She was coated in makeup and looked ridiculously fake against such a natural environment. Her eyes sparkled with a soft green that gave way to a dull grey. It captured the beauty of the green and ruined it. She had asked for him. It made him shiver now he was face to face with such a disturbed creature. She had provided accurate information in the past but this was the first time she had insisted on meeting in an isolated place with a specific person.
‘I prefer Alex,’ her honeyed voice betrayed her words. ‘Detective, born thirty years ago, closely related to Elizabeth and Sam Enfield, and Ray Alexander. The makers of Erase. This is an honour.’
Alexander tried to mask his surprise as he reached for his weapon. His fingers twitched in anticipation, he did not know what she was capable of.
‘Adopted by Amy Arkin and raised with Dylan Arkin-Landyn, a druggie—’
‘He’s a gardener, the best in town. What’s your source?’
‘Your rank is impressive considering your age. But you’ll never be allowed below rank thirty.’
‘That information is restricted,’ he raised an eyebrow. ‘How do you know so much?’
She danced around then twirled around a tree, the movement was strategic now she was behind him.
Before he could object, her hand was in his pocket. Surprised by the sudden search, he turned towards her and opened his mouth to speak but she was busy inspecting his badge.
‘In your photo, your eyes look as deep as a sea of blue,’ Cat’s smoky voice gave way to a tremulous babble. ‘But today you have a dark core that’s guarded by a swirling of green and hazel specks. Deliciously wicked!’
Instinctively Alexander stepped backwards and slammed into a tree. The sharp thorns, that surrounded it, stuck into his protective jacket. He continued to analyse her. The truth would lie somewhere deep within the deceit, he could never trust her.
‘For someone so warm and kind you can be so cruel at times,’ her husky voice was brittle. She was visibly disturbed by his reaction. Even though she was masked by her baggy clothes and makeup, he could still tell that it stung.
‘We’ve met before?’ His face contorted. For some reason, he did not trust the grotesque individual. Her attraction to him was the start of the deception. It was meant to distract him from the information she wanted to remain hidden. He would not know if the secret was to his enemy’s detriment or his, until it was too late.
‘You’re the detective, figure it out. When you do you’ll know where to find me.’
He looked around her as he planned his escape route.
‘No. I’m not finished with you yet.’ She grabbed his chin and glared at him.
‘Well I’ve had enough. Tell me something of value or I’m going to arrest you.’
‘Hmm that might be fun,’ she searched his eyes and smiled when she found what she was looking for but what that was he could only guess. ‘I didn’t just pick this spot because it’s romantic. There’s something in the woods not far from where we’re standing now.’
‘Are you the witness or the perpetrator?’ He asked, but this time he did not move away from her.
‘Don’t be naïve, doesn’t suit you,’ she said as her hand left his chin and squashed his nose. ‘Find me next time, don’t make me find you.’
‘Where specifically?’
Cat’s sharp fingernail waggled towards the woods behind Alexander. He only glanced behind him for a second but when he looked back she had disappeared.
The iridescent leaves gave the ground depth and interest. It was in harsh contrast to the pale object that Alexander saw. Whoever had set the scene had done their research. But he had been around enough dead bodies to know that this was not one of them. He covered his nose and mouth but the smell of putrescine and cadaverine was missing. The automaton’s limbs were littered with deep cuts. Its tight-fitting top and jeans should have slowed putrefaction in certain areas and the cuts sped it up in others, especially around its arms. But instead of seeing an exposed and bloated abdomen, it was a cartooned and ballooned version of decomposition.
On closer inspection the illusion was broken. To him the blood looked more like tomato soup. Its eyes bulged especially the right one, supposedly it had been gouged out but it looked like it had not been fitted properly. The work was haphazard. They had been in a rush to finish it and it showed.
No one in Terger would ever see through the illusion. It was a planned distraction to cover something more sinister.
His instinct told him that this ruse would not satisfy. They had been defiant. The dummy could not pass as a human. There was no sense of pride or accomplishment to be found in their work, just embarrassment. At least one of them could not sustain the lie.
Even though the murders were staged, the victims were real and they were all missing. No one was allowed to search for them because technically they were already dead.
He flinched.
More deceit would occur before the day was through.



3



The leaves rustled as Zoe became tangled in the sharp bushes and branches. Even though she had crushed them, they sprung back into place.
She crashed through the foliage and landed in something slimy. The thick pile of coal-black sludge clung to her skin while the smell invaded her nostrils. She started to laugh at herself.
The only person that truly understood the abuse she faced daily was Alexander. From the moment they were introduced, there was a spark as they recognised a temerity in each other that seemed out of place. She had become weary of the system. They gave everything they had but nothing ever changed. Change had been the only constant in her life so far. Now she craved it.
She rolled out of the pit. The serene environment calmed her but the feeling disappeared as soon as she saw the body. Its eyes and mouth were open in silent horror. She felt her stomach gurgle. The first thing she noticed was that the area smelt of primrose. She was not meant to be there. The lie relied on timing, Cooper’s presence and the team’s inexperience. If someone else got there first, the true evidence was already gone. The lie was always more convincing whenever Cooper appeared and controlled it.
It was a strange sight to behold. The scene showed both a lack of patience and an abundance of it. There were delicate brush strokes on the synthetic skin. But overall the automaton was unconvincing. The worst she had ever seen. Unfortunately she was no stranger to death so just like Alexander she knew it was all fake. The reason behind the distraction was elusive. Even with their combined efforts they were yet to solve it.
‘Kershaw.’
Zoe scanned the surrounding area.
The new forensic photographer appeared from the other side of the valley with all her equipment in tow. It made a low humming sound.
‘Zoe, nice to meet you.’ Her nostrils flared as a sharp smell made its way over to her.
‘Likewise.’ Kershaw’s face did not register any of it, she just continued to do her job which was to perpetuate the lie. Zoe could not tell if Kershaw was a willing participant or if she had been brainwashed.
‘Incident number N24 target OE_14 location…’ As soon as Cooper appeared the smell of putrescine and cadaverine intensified. She had to flee from it and from his disapproving glare.
Obsession started to take root as Zoe looked up at the falling leaves and sighed. It was too late for her now. She could not stop until they caught them and exposed their game to everyone.
A dark figure appeared. The sun was shining behind him as it disguise his face and blinded her.
She stumbled forward. Her heart started to beat faster. A boom boom that threatened to lull her to sleep. Even though adrenaline was flowing through her body. Her eyes and mind were too tired to resist the fatigue that followed her around.
There was pressure on her arm. She lost her balance and tumbled backwards into the bush.
‘Zoe, what are you doing here?’ Alexander lowered his weapon.
‘What the hell?’
‘That was Hutton,’ he hissed. ‘We shouldn’t see him right now, he’s dangerous.’
‘Did he?’
‘No he paints them, you didn’t know?’ He added, ‘I thought you were following Raven?’
‘I was, lost her though. I’m not known for my bush skills or stealth.’ She wiped her face. ‘This isn’t a mud facial. I fell.’
‘Oh sh—’ Alexander massaged his temples, his black hair flicked back over his eye.
‘And no I didn’t know Hutton was working with them. What else aren’t you telling me?’
‘I uh knew she looked familiar,’ he stumbled over the words. His usual confidence disappeared into flushed cheeks.
‘Oh s—’
‘Yeah. Raven’s the snitch,’ he hid behind his hair. ‘Called herself Cat.’
‘I can think of a couple of names to call her and they all rhyme with snitch,’ Zoe laughed to mask her reaction to the name. ‘How many identities does she need? Ruby Morgan, Raven, Cat…’
‘Relax, she only does what she’s told to do. Give her a break. For once she actually showed us a crime scene before it was ready.’
‘Oh, I see.’ She could see the loneliness in his eyes but he refused to trust anyone. He had convinced himself that he did not deserve happiness.
‘Victim Olivia Enfield, age twenty. Her parents Francis and Petunia were murdered hours after she was born.’
‘Do you know anyone with parents who weren’t murdered hours after they were born? Except Hutton.’
‘No. Uh Hutton, I assumed you knew. He’s your fiancé after all.’
‘Just tell me about the crime scene I accidentally stumbled onto and Cooper caught me at,’ she grumbled. The feeling of failure was festering inside her, she did not want to relive it. Frustration bubbled within her as she tried to suppress the feeling. She was obstinate, a fact that hurt her personally but propelled her to the top professionally. Now she was stuck in an insignificant distraction like the rest of the animals that were stolen then placed there.
‘Raised by her step-father Kevin Morgan, Petunia’s ex.’
‘How’s Ruby Morgan?’ She casually played with her hair, letting her eyes wander before they rested on his embarrassed face.
‘We should go, the new detective starts today.’
‘Subtle. What do you know about him?’
‘Perry. Old, lacking in both ambition and confidence. He’s only ranked 288,’ Delaney peered through the bushes and answered instead of Alexander. His brown hair was full of glass, and his tree trunk arms were caked in mud and blood. But his bloodshot eyes were defiant.
‘That’s a bit harsh, isn’t it? You’re only ranked 287. What’s wrong with you?’ She hated when people were judged like that, even if it was valid.
‘I don’t like carrying dead weight, you?’ He looked down at them and reached out to her. His usual soft brown eyes looked black, there was something unkind sitting in them.
‘Carry you all the time,’ she muttered.
‘Why do you have leaves in your hair?’ Delaney raised an eyebrow. His fingers brushed past her ear. Her whole body tingled. She shuffled back as she regretted her proximity to him.
She panicked as she realised the implications. It felt weird to be around him, she did not know how to act.
‘We were hiding from someone.’ Alexander whispered.
‘Me?’ Delaney reached out to help her up.
‘Not you. You’ve been trying to keep up since Terger Headquarters, right?’ Alexander smiled as Delaney swore.
‘Yeah like I wanted too. Cooper made me, can you believe it?’
‘Shocker, how can he expect you to do your job? The nerve of the man.’  
‘No wonder he doesn’t like you, you’re kind of a—’ Delaney offered Alexander a hand up.
‘Feelings mutual. You can go now, you don’t have to follow me around like a puppy anymore.’ Alexander ignored Delaney and stood.
‘I’ll wait for my boss to tell me that if you don’t mind.’
‘Does he tell you to breathe too?’
‘Are you allergic to life or do you just like trouble?’
‘Bit of both.’
‘I’ll go ask my boss if I can breathe,’ Delaney left.
Alexander walked forward but Zoe tugged at his clothes.
‘Your cousin,’ Zoe said but Alexander turned his head away from her. ‘Olivia. They’re targeting Enfield’s, you know what this means?’
‘It’s not like she was on our side.’
‘The people she hurt…’ Zoe flinched at the memory before she corrected herself. ‘Killed. Perhaps this is what she deserved.’
‘Why would you say that?’
‘She killed JB,’ Zoe responded to his confused look. ‘Eddie’s girlfriend.’
‘I don’t remember seeing her name on the victim list.’ He furrowed his brow. ‘What’s the crime scene number?’
‘Hasn’t happened yet. I think they lost the body.’
‘Where are you getting your information?’
‘Same place you got yours.’
‘I doubt that.’



4



Raven leaned over the doctor as her mind swirled with bad thoughts. It was the start of something wicked. She could almost feel her mind’s feeble attempts to stop the obsession taking root. Avery’s eyes flickered open as Raven lost her opportunity to attack.
‘Enfield’s suffered enough for her crimes,’ Raven was stern but deeply disturbed.
‘Her crimes were vicious and cruel, she shouldn’t be allowed to hide behind her injuries.’
What injuries? She’s dead. If Avery doesn’t know then I can use this to my advantage, Raven thought as she shuffled to the door. I just need to get away.
‘Raven, where are you going?’
‘Just going out love, anything you need before I leave?’ Raven smiled as the veins in her head pulsated against her deceit. As long as Erase stuck to their rules and justifications, they felt no shame. Raven hated working for the pernicious people that populated such a vile establishment.
‘Less of the cheek,’ Avery rolled her eyes. ‘Love.’
Raven snorted in disgust as she jumped through the window. In her mind, she was already planning the perfect murder. By her calculations, they were almost even and when that moment happened Avery would be dead. Raven was not responsible for their actions, only her own.
A moss covered tree was creating a bridge between the two banks. Her feet skidded beneath her as she scooped up her equipment.
Some ducks were frantically trying to fight against the current. They were passengers to the whim of the river. She wondered why they were making their life harder than it needed to be. Unfortunately, it was how she had spent her entire life, struggling to get anywhere.
There seemed to be no more options for her. She had been pushed back into the life she feared, the life she did not want. Time was running against her like the persistent current in the river. Eventually she would be swallowed up just like the frantic ducks who were trying to avoid the unknown.
She dashed across the tree. Her feet were slipping as panic electrified her body. Fortunately, her momentum carried her to the other side.
A rickety fence was all that stood in Raven’s way. She vaulted over it and landed in the overgrown garden. Her walk was uptight and hurried as she tried to push away the memories from a happier time.
Everything in the garden was dead. Just like the fragmented memories of a time that would never exist again. The place was tainted with a shadow of sorrow that could never be erased or forgotten. Just like the haunting memories of a friend she would never see again.
The equipment was a heavy burden, her arms burned from the extra strain. She paused at the front door. For the first time, she found herself waiting for the agency. It was unprofessional for them to be so late but she endured it like she tolerated every moment of her miserable existence. With malice and jealousy she would watch everyone else experiencing a joy she could no longer feel.
Raven’s foot was tapping impatiently.
‘Cat,’ the small creature looked up at her.
She did not acknowledge him.
His body contorted into awkward shapes as he squeezed through the cat flap and into the home.
One second later and the door was unlocked.
She stepped past him and into the house. Her rage was back and it was bubbling to the surface once more.
Erase had thrown her away, she struggled for years to secure her future. All the sacrifice and suffering for an ungrateful brat to steal her life. Now she was about to return the favour.
Raven walked past the once pristine kitchen and through the living room.
Empty rings of dust were all that remained of Enfield’s once prized possessions. There was a story to every one of them and Raven knew it all. Every item and detail was ingrained in her fractured memories. She reached for her lighter. This time she had come prepared but she felt more out of control than ever.
She climbed the stairs and tried to swallow away her rage. It continued to bubble towards the surface. Everything in her way would be scalded by her vengeance. No one was safe.
The inside swimming pool was full of brown murky water. Specks of dirt fell into it as her footsteps disturbed the pile of debris. The place had fallen into neglect. A mirror reflection of what was going on inside Raven. It was no longer a home but a confinement that was inescapable. There was no where else to go, nothing else to be.
Her mind was spinning. She tried to grab onto reality but kept slipping back into the whirlpool of confusion. It felt different this time, her stomach stirred with dread instead of the familiar feeling of mania. She glanced at the white balls of fluff. They bounced around the bright green room. It was in stark contrast to the grisly scene before her.
Raven sunk to the floor and hugged herself as she tried to find comfort where there was none. A dark thought entered her mind. Regret coated her thoughts in a cloud of misery. She crept towards the bed.
‘Sorry,’ she reached out and touched Enfield’s clumpy hair.
The silence made Raven’s skin crawl.
‘So awkward conversation to have but I told Zoe that you killed JB. My fault, sorry. Just needed to deflect the attention off me.’
A soft sadness was emitting out of the battered face.
‘I know you’ve done lots of bad things and yes you’d be very disappointed that this was the thing that killed you. And maybe I could’ve given you a heads up but I was busy, you know?’
The containers were a heavy burden to carry. Raven placed it lightly on the bed.
‘On a positive note Avery doesn’t suspect us.’
Enfield gurgled.
‘Don’t worry my dear friend, only one of us needs to be alive for this plan to work.’ Raven dipped her finger in the blood and brought it to her lips. ‘Mmm. Keeping a blood bag by your bed for emergencies, clever. Is it the blood of your victims? That’s messed up.’
‘H h he p m me,’ Enfield stuttered as the liquid splashed over her.
‘Were you scared? Brave? What did it feel like?’ Raven place the container by her knees and whispered. ‘When you crawl out of the inferno tell me how it feels.’
Enfield’s eyes widened in fear as Raven kissed her cheek.
‘Any last words?’ Raven shrugged. ‘Like I’m your friend, you can’t do this. This joke’s gone too far. No?’
A tear slid down Enfield’s cheek.
‘Silent treatment, I get it. You’ve got every reason to be mad with me.’ Raven stood and walked to the door. ‘You understand why I have to do this, right? She thinks she killed you. I’d like it to stay that way.’
Enfield was too weak to respond.
‘Look at me when I’m talking to you!’ Raven smirked. ‘Don’t worry I’ll take good care of Alex for you.’
Suddenly Enfield’s eyes were burrowing into Raven’s soul as she reached out to her former friend. Raven started to laugh at the absurd situation.
The flame glinted off Enfield’s terrified eyes.
‘Don’t be afraid. Consider this a dress rehearsal,’ Raven placed her another hand against her face and whispered as if it was a secret. ‘Cause we all know where you’re going.’



5



Alexander grimaced. The crime scene had been compromised by the fire. A toxic mixture of fumes still permeated the air. Even with the mask on he was struggling to breathe.
Unfortunately, the fire had been raging for hours. In that time it had eaten the shabby building down to its foundation. The area was filled with holiday homes and people who minded their own business. It would be a miracle if they could find a witness. The scene had been further compromised by the fire crews who had no idea that a murder had taken place there. Their number one priority had been to stop the fire from spreading.
‘The house looks better burnt to the ground. Too bad Fincher wasn’t in it,’ Delaney scoffed.
Alexander pursed his lips as he tried to stop the nasty retort.
‘The occupant, OE_14 was dragged outside. The stab wounds didn’t help but the cause of death was smoke inhalation. She was covered in fire retardant gel. That’s not even the weirdest thing about this crime scene. Two different blood types on the victim.’
‘She slept with a bag of blood.’
‘What?’ Delaney’s eyes darted around. ‘Why?’
‘For emergencies.’
‘That’s not normal, please elaborate.’
‘Oh, it was just in case she was attacked. She had many contingencies in place.’
‘Not popular, is it a family trait?’
Alexander curled his lip. ‘She was a contract killer, lots of enemies.’
‘Wasn’t she the victim at the other crime scene? We can’t have two bodies and two crime scenes but the same victim. Did someone screw up?’ Delaney pressed his hands together. ‘Please say it wasn’t me.’
Alexander pulled down his mask, ‘Witnesses?’
‘Let the ants explain,’ Delaney grabbed Alexander by the arm and pulled him towards Nash and Fincher.
‘This is a crime scene. Please show some respect, as much as you can muster on such short notice.’ Alexander twisted his arm free.
‘XN_07 report.’
‘Half the houses are empty and the other half might as well be.’ Nash strolled forward. ‘The witnesses are endless and all babbling incoherent nothings. Again we’ll be struggling for info, last time because there was nothing and this time because there’s everything, from a cat knocking over a bin to a dodgy fellow lurking around the corner shop. It’ll take days to sift through and even then there still might be nothing useful. The victim was incapacitated for ages before she was killed. While the killer was like a ghost. By the time anyone knew what was happening the evidence was already destroyed by the—’
‘Lapping flames that glinted in the low light. A simple no would’ve sufficed.’ Delaney screwed up his face and stared at Alexander.
‘We need to solve this, there’s no cooling off period, the murders are happening too fast, we need to solve this now.’ Nash rambled; his eyes shone with malice.
Alexander gulped, he felt sick to his stomach.
‘You came all this way to tell us something so obvious? Go back to your cave and yell. That’s all you’re good for.’ Delaney’s mischievous look set Nash off more than his words ever could.
‘How Alexander has put up with you for three days is a miracle no one can explain. He deserves a medal.’
‘He’s lasted about two days and twenty-three hours more than anyone else,’ Delaney bragged. Undeterred by the warning, he fuelled the rumours and reinforced his atrocious behaviour. Until his reputation became a beast that even he could not control.
‘My house was almost destroyed. Who cares about anything else? Stop wasting time. I want justice now,’ Fincher interrupted; she was just as brazen as Delaney.
‘Shut it.’ Nash bit Fincher’s arm.
‘Ow he needs a muzzle,’ she shrieked.
‘It’s your punishment for a selfish—’ Nash smirked as her blood dribbled down his chin.
‘Does postwoman Kitty Cat bite you?’ Delaney nudged Alexander.
‘Don’t start that again, anyway the date’s tomorrow.’
Delaney smirked. ‘Not if the killer strikes again then you’ll spend your date day with me and the corpse.’
‘We all die. What do you think will happen with your body if you continued with this disrespect in life? Respect the dead or in death I’ll make you into a toilet.’ Fincher’s face was sunken, her leathery skin was hanging off her bones.
‘Sell my body to Erase and enjoy your new found freedom.’ Delaney shrugged. ‘What the hell do I care if I’m dead?’
‘Oh you will,’ Fincher sneered. The wrinkles on her face were her battle scars, she was formidable and forceful. Her face was more comfortable with a frown than a smile.
Delaney stuck out his tongue. ‘I’m not taking morality advice from someone who has a boner house.’
‘That word doesn’t mean what you think it means.’ Alexander clamped his mouth shut before he laughed at Delaney’s absurd outburst. She was so frigid and uncooperative, he would have to be very careful with his actions and the words he used.
‘I didn’t kill them, got the bones legally and created this beautiful piece of art.’ Fincher was dilatory as she waved her hand towards her house. ‘It’s a masterpiece of design and architecture.’
Alexander looked at his partner and shook his head. Delaney’s eyes glinted in the sunlight. The more she fought back the more fun Delaney seemed to have at everyone else’s expense.
‘A murder, and a fire right next to your bone matchsticks. Ever think maybe you’re the problem? You seem to be the common denominator.’ Delaney would always speak his mind no matter what the consequences but now Alexander was starting to think he got a twisted sense of pleasure from it.
‘I wouldn’t expected you to understand the intricacies of my designs,’ Fincher said the audacious remark with her nose in the air. ‘Back me up Nash.’
‘Olivia was always a lovely person,’ Nash licked his rotten teeth and smirked at Alexander. ‘An attitude that you should acquire.’
‘Oh please she had it coming. And come on I’m living proof that you can be a fu—’
‘I don’t have the words.’ Alexander shook his head in disbelief.
‘–e all your life. How dare you insinuate otherwise,’ Delaney smirked. ‘How’s it feel up on the moral high ground? Are you getting a tan in the crevices of your wrinkles? Must be by now, been up there long enough.’
‘Honestly. I don’t know how you keep your job.’
‘Do you want to know?’ Nash whispered into Alexander’s ear.
‘No thanks.’ Alexander took a big step back as revulsion rippled through his face and goosebumps coated his arms.
‘Confidence and wit,’ Delaney winked. ‘With a dash of charm. Works every time, you don’t get anywhere by being polite or kind. Take what you want, don’t regret it, don’t be ashamed. It’s the only way to live.’
‘Shut up and find my son. He might be in danger now, his name is IR_18 Issac Riesman.’
Delaney grinned. ‘He’s probably drunk, in a ditch or with a bit—’
‘Thank you for your time Fincher. We’ll be in touch.’ Alexander grabbed his partner and pushed him away.
‘This was a waste of time,’ Delaney yanked Alexander’s collar and made him stumble back. ‘I’m not going to investigate her s—’
‘She wasn’t asking you, she was telling you.’
Delaney was taken aback by the comment. It was the first time he had ever been speechless.
‘You should learn the difference.’ Alexander felt his face flush as he spotted Raven.
‘It’s Kitty gone postal,’ Delaney laughed at his own joke. ‘See anything? Like Fincher burying bodies?’
‘Come to think of it. I did see her crouching over her garden when I came to deliver her mail. She was dirty and sweaty but she said she was planting a new flower bed. I thought nothing of it.’ Raven shrugged.
‘Her bone yard is full of skeletons perhaps you should’ve paid more attention to the psycho.’
‘Don’t worry there was nothing you could have done.’ Alexander smiled and touched her arm. ‘Let us know if you remember anything else.’
Raven readjusted the large mail bag and trudged back down the lane. The gravel crackled beneath her muddy sport shoes.
‘So when are we going to talk about the fact that we have two crime scenes, with same victim. Someone fu—’
‘I wasn’t, not with you anyway.’ Alexander’s head snapped back as he focused on Delaney. For once the crime scene was real and they did not have a narrative to force down their throats. They would have to be patient and hope that the evidence Erase found would be shared and not destroyed.
‘–ed up big time. Not with me? I’m offended.’
‘Does it even matter what lie they come up with? It was probably her evil twin. I don’t care anymore,’ Alexander was jaded.
Delaney laughed. ‘One things for sure, she’s defiantly dead now.’



6



‘Don’t give me attitude when I’m giving up so much of my time to you.’ Raven snapped.
‘Just not for me, right?’ Avery’s voice was deadpan.
Before Raven could think about a response, Avery threw her backwards. She landed awkwardly in a thick pit of mud. It was a type of fence to kept people out by any means necessary. Fincher had created them.
‘Kill Fincher, she’s in the way.’
‘Help,’ Raven squeaked.
Avery chuckled as she walked away.
The more Raven tried to twist and struggle the more she sunk. She ripped her leg out. Her bone cracked against the weird angle as she fell back. The mud pulled her further in. Her heart rate slowed as the panic in her mind cleared. She crawled out on her belly.
Slowly she made progress, her mind was panicking but she controlled the fear. She did not look for Avery. When she was in a mood, it was better to stay away from her.
The tree was slippery, her skin dragged against it as she fell back into the mud. It soaked into her pants. She was tired, wet and caked in mud. The nearest building was a small eccentric house, she did not like Fincher but she was too tired to argue with herself.
It was like Raven was in a dream state. Her energy was fading as she took her last steps towards the house. Without knocking, Raven opened the door and entered. The house was just as insane as the old woman that was yelling at her.
Raven felt the crunch of her knuckles as she punched the woman. The scowl looked familiar. She grabbed a flailing limb and pulled Fincher back into her clutches.
‘Ouch,’ Raven yelped as she hit her head on the light fixture.
Fincher screamed.
‘Stop it, we need to talk.’ Raven let go as the bitter expression returned to Fincher’s haggard face. ‘That was rude.’
‘Ahhh what do you want to talk about?’ Fincher said as she seamlessly transitioned from terrified to curious.
‘You need to fire your decorator.’ Raven moved her head around the chandelier.
‘I’ll have you know that lamp was made out of the,’ Fincher’s eyes sparkled. ‘Francis Enfield.’
‘Don’t care.’ Raven jumped onto the slanted wall and made herself comfortable. ‘Amy Hutton’s alive and well.’
‘Is that so? Do you want some lunch?’ Fincher’s whole demeanour changed, she was almost pleasant. ‘So, my revenge isn’t dead after all. But why do you want to turn on your masters?’
‘Don’t know if you’ve noticed my dishevelled appearance,’ Raven said as Fincher cast an eye over her. ‘But they don’t exactly treat me well.’
‘That’s nothing new, what’s changed?’
‘Secretly I’ve always been working against them.’
‘What’s stopping me from telling on you?’ Fincher scowled.
‘Telling on me? Are you a five year old? Never mind, I can give you what you want…’ Raven nodded towards the kitchen. ‘JB.’
Fincher shuffled forward until her boot slid in the blood.
‘Killed her for you.’
‘We don’t need another Olivia Enfield situation,’ Fincher grumbled.
‘No. I killed her for you,’ Raven smirked. ‘She’s the reason your son lost his position, right?’
‘How did you know about that?’
‘It won’t be long until your head’s on the chopping block, work with me. Before they send someone to kill you,’ Raven placed a finger on her lips and looked at the ceiling as she pretended to be pensive. ‘Oh wait a minute. That’s what I’m suppose to be doing.’
Fincher reached down and yanked the corners of JB’s mouth into a smile.
‘Do you have to do that?’ Raven shivered.
‘If you want to work with me. Bring me more bodies.’
‘The enemy of my enemy is a freak.’
‘They’re already dead by the time they come to me. At least I don’t have children so I can experiment on them.’
‘Who did that?’
Fincher whispered. ‘The doctor.’



7



Fear had driven them all down a dark path for years, now Alexander felt weighed down by the inevitable. He sprinted up the blue steps and straight through the damaged turquoise door. Amy would not fix it until one of them admitted that they had broken it. Their lies were just as permanent as the fractured door.
Alexander hurried through the tiny house. The house had always reflected the warmth of his mother. As he moved over the patchwork carpet, he felt like he was moving through his memories. They warped as he rushed past them. He was petrified that he would lose it all.
Amy ran into him. The strong woman that dominated his memories was replaced by a fragile shell. It was astounding, considering all she had faced that her love for her enemy’s child would be the thing that broke her.
The role reversal felt strange.
‘Is that peanut butter?’ Amy was looking behind him.
There was a flash of silver in his peripheral vision. He groaned. Lipowski was staring at them as she munched on a sandwich.
‘I saved Dylan. Delaney was meant too. Why does he refuse to use our devices? He won’t even use a gun. Does he even know how they work?’ Chunks of food flew at them as she talked. ‘Had to go rescue them both, missed lunch. He’s needs to retrain and have an attitude adjustment.’
‘Only Cooper can make that decision.’ He squeezed Amy’s shoulder.
Lipowski glided towards him. He could tell by the way she moved that she was not mad at him. She was a difficult woman to handle. He was very careful around her, every word and action had a purpose. She was adept at manipulation and could easily feign compassion.
‘You wanted to talk to me about Dylan, why?’ Alexander asked. ‘Now he’s in trouble.’
There was an awkward silence but he did not try to break it. He was vigilant around her. The information he gave her was twisted and directed back at him. She was duplicitous. He knew what she was from the moment they met. At first, she manipulated him with ease but now he acted as fake as she did.
‘Dylan’s always been self-destructive but Cooper normally protects him. What’s changed?’ Alexander glanced at Amy. Her amber eyes were filling with tears. They overcame the boundary of her eyelids and ran down her olive skin.
‘You know every conversation is recorded. Why are you being so reckless? Are you trying to get me into trouble? If they hear this conversation then they’ll have all the proof they need to come after me.’
‘Want to say anything worth hearing?’ Alexander held up the device.
‘Devious.’ Lipowski raised an eyebrow. ‘Where did you get a device that can block your chip?’
‘You don’t have a chip, do you CL_84?’
‘How did you know that?’
Alexander swallowed his rage. ‘You made them.’
‘Cooper designed his headquarters to torture the occupants. Only the top floor, and the two middle floors are used. The only elevator that doesn’t kill or maim the occupant is under his control. All the lower ranks are exhausted by the time they climb a million stairs to reach their office. Even more fatigued if they are summoned to his office in the sky. The subcutaneous monitors make sure that you obey the hierarchy. He’s the only one who can access it all. The building was designed to weaken his employees so they don’t have the energy to fight against his lies.’
‘What are you trying to say?’
‘Trying? I said it. Why would someone who isn’t cunning, cruel, manipulative, and psychopathic design something so wicked? You can’t trust him.’
‘Is he the only one?’
‘The atrium was his design also.’ Lipowski folded her arms and stared at him.
‘Not entirely,’ Amy interjected. ‘You added the trap—’
Lipowski grabbed Amy’s arm and threw her into the living room. The door slammed shut in her face.
Alexander sniffed. ‘It was peanut butter,’ he yelled as he reached for the door handle.
‘Just leave it, she has time before the allergic reaction kills her.’ Lipowski grabbed his arm and pulled him away.
‘Rude, what the hell are you trying to do? Why are you here?’
‘Helping Dylan obviously.’ Lipowski rolled her eyes. ‘An onerous task.’
‘Out here?’ Alexander scrunched up his face. ‘Do you purposefully do the opposite of what you say or does it just come naturally?’
‘I don’t know what you’re talking about but you have five minutes to fix it before I kill him.’
He turned towards the last door on the left. Inhaling deeply, he steady himself against the cracked doorframe as he tried to set aside his emotions. As soon as he touched the flimsy door, the air escaped from the stuffy room. The room consumed his senses. It took a while for his eyes to adjust to the darkness and his nose to adjust to the putrid room.
For a second Dylan’s façade dropped. He looked vulnerable and frightened. The needle was inches away from his arm.
Dylan looked up with hatred in his pinched face as he gave Alexander a death glare. Three months of self-control and happiness were about to be destroyed by the pain that made him cling onto his addiction. He stared at his demons everyday but today they were laughing at him. They were about to win.
‘Nothing matters anymore,’ he spat out the words like they were the poison that controlled his life. His face was marred by speckled skin.
Alexander opened his mouth to warn Dylan but looked into his eyes and realised that he already knew. The drug dealers were in charge of killing the undesirables. It was a crime that they were not suppose to police. Unfortunately for Dylan, he had one of the last batches of that poison and by his own hand, he was about to become the latest victim.
‘Two four two. You knew,’ Dylan accused.
‘You’re not making any sense. What have you already taken?’
‘DK_10!’ Dylan’s tone and body language were a weight that threatened to overcome them. He brought the needle closer to his arm. Wrinkles coated his face in a dark mask, he had always been a fragile looking child. He looked the same as he did when they first met.
‘Is that the year you were born? The population was too high in 6372 and 6408 so births were restricted for three years. That might be your designation but 6410 can’t be your birth year.’
‘So…’ Dylan’s tightened jaw relaxed into contempt. ‘You didn’t know. If only.’
The scornful laugh offended Alexander’s ears. He titled his head as he felt the change in atmosphere. In his peripheral vision, he could just see Lipowski peeking around the corner.
‘I find that hard to believe.’ Dylan’s hand shook as the needle came dangerously close to his vein.
‘What are you talking about?’
‘Liar,’ Dylan narrowed his eyes.
‘Wait.’
Dylan plunged the needle into his veins and pushed down.
Alexander’s blood ran cold.
‘You know what it feels like to be ruined. Your family threw you away too. Just like me.’
‘They aren’t the ones you’re hurting right now.’
The turmoil within Dylan’s face momentarily fell silent. He dropped the needle and grabbed his head in despondency. But the poison was already in him. There was no end in sight to the torment they would all have to endure.
‘That went well,’ Lipowski smirked. ‘Can I try now?’



8



Perry unconsciously adjusted his suit. The tiny chair shook as he tried to tame his unruly hair. But it was out of his control just like the situation he was in. His awkward nature was making the day uncomfortable for anyone who crossed his path.
The claustrophobic and unfamiliar space closed in on him. There were three desks pushed together behind a partition. Instead of facing the large window, his desk was positioned inwards towards the chaos. Even though they were crammed in, he felt at ease with the sense of teamwork that the desks implied.
His fingernails dug into his flesh as he scratched his arm. The fidgeting was so bad that Perry grabbed his other hand and placed it under the desk.
‘Was there a miscommunication with your start time? I expected you yesterday,’ Alexander scratched his head.
For the first time since Perry had walked into the skyscraper, he felt comfortable. He was so jealous of Alexander’s calm demeanour, he missed his cue to speak. Fighting his body every step of the way, his knuckle smashed into the table. The noise jolted him into action.
‘Did you know your mother?’ Perry looked down at the red rash that was forming. His right forearm was numb and itchy.
‘No,’ Alexander’s stare was unnerving; his forced smile made him look even scarier. ‘My parents both died before they named me. That’s why I don’t have a first name. Sign here please.’
‘Sorry.’ Perry mumbled as he reached across for the pen and quickly transferred it to his right hand. But the clipboard was even further away, he leant forward and grabbed it.
The pain made him cringe as he signed the document and placed it down. He frowned. The actions were very dominant and inconsistent with Alexander’s reputation.
‘Are you angry with me? I’m so sorry for being insensitive.’
‘Don’t worry about it.’ Alexander’s smile had a glint of malice. ‘Where were you yesterday?’
Perry opened his mouth to speak but no words came out.
‘Cooper made a mistake.’ A petite woman came into view.
‘D288,’ Alexander nodded his head in the direction of Perry.
‘What mistake?’
‘Clearly hiring you was the mistake. Where were you? Creating the crime scenes? Cause you certainly weren’t at them,’ Zoe snapped. She was standing very close to Alexander.
‘Sorry,’ Perry was unable to hide his embarrassment. His eyes were drawn towards her stylish hair, it was short but feminine. The rich colour seemed to match her mood, sometimes it appeared to be darker as if it could change in an instant.
‘Where were you?’ Her delicate features had a darkness behind them that unsettled him.
Perry laughed.
‘Wasn’t a joke. It’s too early for me to deal with this level of incompetence, I’ll leave you to it.’ A crooked smile spoilt her beauty, she patted Alexander on the arm and left.
‘Sorry I laugh when I’m nervous and uncomfortable,’ Perry squeaked. ‘The mistake was mine I…’
‘Don’t worry about it,’ Alexander said.
‘Two blood types on your fire victim, strange.’
‘Not really she kept a blood bag under her covers, in case of emergencies.’
‘That’s weird.’
Alexander looked bewildered, ‘Is it?’
‘It is. I heard you had a somewhat unconventional upbringing,’ Perry tried to suppress the smile. ‘Did you know her?’
‘Distant cousin. It looks like she was very distant.’
‘Sorry for your loss. Should you be working the case?’ Perry was perplexed.
‘They don’t care about your feelings in Terger, the only excuse for not turning up to work is if you’re dead and even then you’re pushing your luck.’
Perry tittered.
‘Why do you think the murderer saved her body?’
‘I think they like fire but needed the body to be pristine in order to send a message to us.’
‘And what would that message be?’ Alexander moved forward.
‘Things aren’t always what they appear to be.’
‘Can I help you?’ Alexander turned towards a leggy and slender blonde with wavy shoulder-length hair.
‘I’m Kershaw,’ she shuffled forward. ‘New crime scene photographer. Here’s the evidence you requested.’
‘Thanks,’ Alexander’s body language changed. ‘Can you wait here for just a minute? I need to show Zoe something then you can have it back.’
‘I’m not suppose to let it out of my sight.’ She was magnetic.
‘Please.’
‘Okay, one minute,’ Kershaw smiled at Alexander before he left.
‘Should you be doing that?’ Perry asked.
‘I don’t think we’ve met, I’m Kershaw. Rank thirty. I report directly to Cooper.’ She was standing dangerously close to him.
Perry felt his face flush.
‘You are?’ Her confidence was intoxicating. Everything about her was eye-catching and showy. She used it all to her advantage to make him feel unbalanced. It was working, he felt unworthy to be in her presence.
‘P Pe Perry,’ he quietly stammered through his name, he was intimidated by her flawless mask. But he could not take his eyes off her, she was like an untameable whirlwind that took his breath away.
A man stomped past but he did not acknowledge Perry. The atmosphere shifted. Abhorrence seemed to follow the little man, he was the type of person that abused his power. Misery oozed out of him like even it was trying to escape.
Perry immediately recognised the heavyset man.
‘Zero killed Enfield.’ Cooper’s booming voice was directed at Kershaw. It sounded like he was eating something. The mouth noises were disgustingly loud but his mouth was surprisingly empty.
‘Just gave them the evidence that says Enfield was a twin. Not sure if they believe it, might buy us some time.’
Cooper caught Perry’s eye, he looked away but it was too late. ‘D288, why weren’t you at the crime scene this morning? What could be more important than doing your job?’
Perry scrambled for an excuse but before he had a chance to speak, a man pushed past Cooper.
‘How dare you come here! Detectives only.’ Cooper berated the stranger.
‘Where’s my fiancée?’ The man demanded as his broad shoulders blocked the light. ‘I hope your rancid cat didn’t steal her.’
‘What?’ Cooper hissed.
Their interaction was laced with tension.
‘What are you doing here? I told you, you’re running out of time and you’re here wasting it like this.’
‘I’m Dean Hutton. My dad’s sister was Amy Hutton, that’s Alexander grandma. Yeah he’s my cousin. Zero’s my fiancée,’ he bragged playfully but the tone did not suit his stern features. ‘Oh she may have introduced herself as Zoe. Poor dear doesn’t like the name they gave her at Aves Atrium. Her cries echoed around the basement. That’s how they found her, she was next to the wall of mirrors. I always thought that place had only one exit but looks like the secret tunnels lead to all sorts of places. Do you know her? She’s the mysterious orphan. No one knows her parentage.’
‘Is that something to brag about?’ Perry mumbled before he raised his voice. ‘Who would want to be called Zero?’
‘She’s an enigma, no one knows where she came from or who she is. So she was designated as zero.’ Hutton’s sharp nose and prominent jaw made him look nasty.
Perry relished the acknowledgement, he was starting to feel like he had disappeared.
‘DH_00 don’t walk away from me!’
‘Why are you being so contentious? You don’t have the power,’ Hutton sneered.
The veins in Cooper’s forehead bulged.
Perry shifted uncomfortably on his seat as debated whether to leave or say something.
‘By tomorrow morning,’ Cooper snapped. ‘I’ll make sure you’re left with less than zero.’



9



Alexander inched towards the crime scene at a gingerly pace. It was secluded and muddy. He felt more miserable the closer he got to it. The rain had already compromised the scene. A drizzle that felt refreshing to start with but ended up seeping into his bones. Their footprints were the only evidence that someone had been there. He shook off his exhaustion and stepped into the nightmare.
‘What are you doing?’ He was exasperated. ‘Why did you draw attention to your crime?’
‘I didn’t set that fire. But I thought I killed your cousin sorry,’ Zoe shrugged. ‘I couldn’t see any other way.’
‘Harsh but fair,’ he tried mask his real feelings. ‘She was very paranoid, how did you get in?’
‘Used the agency of failed experiments, specifically the short and starving contortionists. They broke in through the cat flap, opened the door for me. They were gone before I arrived. It won’t be long now before they trace it back to me.’
‘Well you’ve defiantly got their attention, I hope you still want it.’
‘Never gamble something you can’t afford to lose.’
‘Does your life have no value?’
‘It’s inevitable so why quibble over the details?’ Zoe rolled her eyes.
Alexander looked around before he whispered. ‘The blood type should’ve matched hers. Did you come across any traps?’
‘No. It was easy.’
‘Were you late?’
‘Very.’ Her voice was soothing.
‘Enfield set up multiple traps at the entrance, the one with the biggest chance of succeeding was the last. It was full of poison, the target was the intruder’s dominant hand. Statistically, the right.’
‘Who disabled them?’ She was persistent to the point of insanity.
‘I tried to hand Perry a pen but instead of taking it he reached across with his left hand then transferred it to his right.’ Alexander looked around before he continued. ‘Signed with his right, cringing the whole way through. A red rash was covering his whole arm.’
Zoe cleared her throat. ‘Jan Beryl Barker JB_00 professionally known as JB.’
‘The model?’ He glanced behind her and saw Perry approaching. ‘Wait a minute, the woman you were talking about. Eddie’s girlfriend?’
‘She was. Have you spoken to him?’ The panic was evident in her wavering voice.
‘Can’t, I have to be subtle. He’s playing the opposite strategy and it would seem so are you.’
‘I’m already a target, a nuisance, always have been.’
‘Don’t talk like that,’ he saw Perry close in on them in his peripheral vision. ‘Have you spoken to her bodyguards?’
‘JH_08 and AK_90, we’ve been unable to locate them.’
‘They’ve already targeted me, they’ll punish and distract both of us for this morning so be careful. Dylan’s…’ Alexander’s lip quivered before he managed to compose himself. He knew he was stepping into their deceit but needed their distraction to alleviate the pain.
‘Are you sure? I think I saw her new identity today,’ Zoe said in hushed tones.
‘So they’ve retired Dylan Arkin-Landyn,’ Alexander whispered as Perry turned away from them.
Zoe stared at him for a while as she processed the information.
‘Is Erase still taking all the evidence away?’
‘Yeah they still don’t trust us. I asked why and they told me to stop causing trouble.’
They were both on his last warning for the offence.
‘According to the machine, the victim bled to death. It’s suspiciously fast.’ She handed him the autopsy report.
‘Tried to delay it. But it goes into mass production no matter what we say.’ He shrugged. They could not afford to be punished again by questioning their masters.
Perry was staring at them. His vomit had already contaminated the scene.
‘Slaves to the system.’
He knelt beside the decoy. His eyes adjusted from the darkness to the floodlights. The red liquid was watered down before it rained. It was everywhere mixed in with the mud and dirt.
Zoe yawned.
‘Rest up, tomorrow’s going to be a tough day.’ Alexander glanced at her, instead of arguing she nodded and walked away from him.
The body groaned as it was moved. Alexander was struck by the unrealistic nature of the scene. The sights, smells and now even the sounds were incorrect. For the inept or inexperienced it was unnoticeable but it was screaming at him.
Perry stumbled backwards. His umbrella fell away from his face.
‘It’s just air stuck in the lungs,’ Alexander was unimpressed by the unprofessional reaction. ‘Your parents were embalmers and this isn’t your first crime scene.’
‘Yes, they were and no, not my first.’ Perry bit his lip.
‘Wasn’t a question.’
Perry blushed.
‘What do you think happened?’ Alexander asked.
‘Lured here by someone she knew,’ Perry was jabbering. ‘The murderer lost control, she was gloating—’
‘Unless you were there, don’t presume to know what was said,’ Alexander corrected while trying to hide his vexation. ‘Why do you assume the murderer lost control?’
Perry cringed.
‘I told you to look at all of the case files.’
‘Well… the thing is I—’
‘Go back to the office and read the files,’ Alexander snapped; he was too tired to be sensitive. ‘All of this information is in the reports, you had enough time to study them!’
‘I was but—’
‘I’m not interested in excuses only results.’
‘My day was terrible—’
‘Your attitude is terrible. If you don’t want to be here I understand but have the decency and professionalism to at least try to fake it.’ Alexander’s shoulders slumped as he fought against the fatigue.
‘I’m sorry I just assumed it was a mercy killing like the other one.’ Perry looked surprised.
‘Mercy? They don’t know the meaning of the word. It’s a game. One full of manipulation and control. Only one of them is in control and that resentment will build up until they turn on each other.’
‘Do you think they have competing motives or masters?’ Perry straightened his back.
‘Why ask such a question?’ Alexander was pensive, perhaps he had misjudged Perry.
‘They lack respect, morality, empathy. We mean nothing to them. Learned behaviour from an unstable childhood. Do you know how easy is it to manipulate someone like that?’
‘I imagine someone like that would be very volatile. So much so that you would never fully be in control of them or their actions.’
Perry frowned. ‘It would take someone very talented and audacious to try.’
‘Someone who was caught out on their first day, I wouldn’t call them talented.’
‘Really,’ Perry scoffed. ‘What would you call them?’
‘A parasite, disposable and generic.’
‘Think back to this very moment,’ Perry moved into Alexander’s space; his eyes crinkled as he smiled. ‘And each time the memory pops up.’
Instead of stepping back, Alexander moved forward.
‘Make sure it brings along a big heap of regret and guilt with it,’ Perry was surprised by the movement but he managed to maintain his composure. ‘For what happens next is all your fault.’
‘Once you see something for what it really is, there’s no way to unsee it.’ Alexander smirked.
‘Remember when you’re writhing in pain that you asked for it,’ Perry snarled.
‘You were poisoned. Your movements were jolty, red rash on your right arm,’ Alexander paused as Perry’s eyes narrowed. ‘Shall I continue? That’s why you didn’t show up today.’
‘Where was I?’
‘Olivia Enfield’s traps are legendary for their layered methods of attack. Why did you help Zoe?’
‘Indirectly,’ Perry’s eyes flashed.
‘So what were you doing?’
‘All you need to do is separate a tree from its base, there’s no need to tear out the roots. No matter how big it is, if you keep chopping at the same spot. Eventually it will fall by itself.’
‘And if you get it wrong, it’ll crush you.’



10



A rush of air hit Zoe’s face. Her head jolted up as a gloved hand reached out for her. The stranger was a black blur, his touch was sharp. Her reflexes were too slow, something pierced her skin. She stumbled back into the door.
Their eyes met. It was the only part of him that was visible but in the low light even his eyes seemed to be dark pits of misery. His gloves scraped down her bare skin. Chills shook her fragile body. Her bones creaked as she dodged his next attack by falling backwards. There was suddenly five of him and they were all going in different directions. She rubbed her eyes. They continued to distort her vision. She stood up before her head stopped spinning and stumbled backwards. There was a loud noise above them but she would not give him the satisfaction of screaming for help.
He pulled her up by her wrists. It felt like he was trying to twist her arms off. His maniacal chuckle echoed around her tired brain. Her left arm got a sudden reprieve. There was a clattering noise as the table behind her shook. She tried to suppress a smile. The only weapon on her table was her gun. Her right arm was released before he gripped her left again. She prepared herself.
The gun tried to read his fingerprints, failing in its task the mechanism activated and electrocuted him. His laugh turned into a shriek as he fell towards her. Somehow she managed to make her body roll sideways as the adrenaline pulsated through her.
He collapsed. She threw herself on his back but he crawled away before she landed. Her knees popped against the pressure. It sent shock waves through her whole body. She ignored the pain and searched for his foot. Her fingers connected with his shoe as she wrapped her hands around it and dragged him back. He yelped.
The sound of his fingers clawing at the carpet made her smile. She leapt on him and locked her legs around his. As she wrapped her arms around his neck and squeezed tight, she felt her strength start to fade. He gasped as the last of his air escaped.
Pinned to the floor on his tummy, he was seconds away from losing consciousness.
His hands were no longer trying to scratch her arm. She assumed he could not reach her with whatever weapon he was trying to find.
Her reaction was delayed. She felt something sharp hit her as the warm liquid made its way through her veins. It momentarily made her dizzy. Her racing heart pumped the poison quickly. Stunned she pulled a needle out and stared at it in bewilderment.
The shift in weight was enough for the man to wiggle free. He sent her tumbling backwards. She heard his footsteps slowly start to fade away.
‘Drat,’ she said as disappointment played with her voice. Crawling towards the cold air, she stubbornly tried to follow him. Finally she was able to stand after numerous attempts.
Perry’s bulky frame appeared, face a blur, words distorted.
Her body betrayed her. A sickness consumed her, time was running away with her breath.
‘Help,’ she managed a weak cry through gritted teeth. Her heart was pumping like crazy, fighting to stay alive while she was fading away. She squirmed. Painful seconds turned into agonising minutes. A despair that was so deep and unwavering that it took her. It was a familiar feeling. But this time it was so close she could reach out and touch it.
The movement of her body was no longer controlled by her. Her breathing was shallow and rapid. She did not know how much more she could take, she just wanted it to go away. There was no one who could make it go, only Perry was around and he was not taking her seriously. All she had was her agony, which was yanking her into the darkest corner of her mind.



11



The room was dark. Even the light from the kitchen was too much for Perry. He was starting to get a migraine. From the chair, he had a perfect view of the kitchen. Perry hesitated. The plan was simple but he was trying to find any excuse not to attack. His victim looked tired and agitated.
‘Where’s…’ Even though Hutton was looking around, he was blind to Perry’s presence.
‘Don’t know, just arrived, you?’ Alexander walked through the back door.
‘Roof, electrics then shower, you?’ Hutton jumped onto the kitchen counter.
‘Crime scene and snitch,’ Alexander answered. ‘She said some pretty bizarre things. Lipowski told Aaron Landyn where to find their child, Mandy, because she was the mother not Amy Arkin.’
‘Do you believe that bulls—’
‘Apparently, quite a few of his friends aren’t the fathers. He had quite the grudge against the Enfield’s and Morgan’s. The love of his life was killed. Then they dug her up, burnt the bones and place her at a crime scene.’
‘And that’s why we’ve lost our position? Why my father was murdered? Because she cheated on him then told her lover where their spawn was?’
‘Well I’m glad you’re sitting down because the snitch said Aaron was your father, Lipowski confirmed. But she’s a liar. Do you believe her?’
Hutton’s face went red as his veins popped out. ‘A stupid Kershaw? I’m a fu—’
‘Kershaw?’ Alexander tilted his head. ‘Not a Landyn?’
‘You really don’t know anything.’ Hutton taunted. ‘F—’
‘Relax, you won’t lose your position. I just tried to verify it and I couldn’t. For now that’s the truth according to Cat and no one will believe her—’
Perry gasped, forced to talk his hoarse voice appeared from a dark corner of the house. ‘Zoe’s in the morgue.’
‘What?’ Hutton asked in disbelief. His panicked voice remained high while his body fell to the floor.
‘Sorry,’ Perry squeaked as he rushed forward.
Alexander grabbed Hutton and directed him into a chair. They pushed past Perry. Before Perry could objected, Alexander flicked the switch and light illuminated the damaged space.
‘What have you done?’ Hutton asked as he looked around before staring at Perry.
Alexander’s jaw dropped. ‘What happened?’
‘Where’s my fiancée?’ Hutton leapt out of the chair and slammed Perry into the shelves, multiple things fell and smashed onto the carpet. Hutton’s pent up rage blinded him to rationale thought.
Alexander gently touched Hutton’s arm. The grip relaxed before Perry was yanked by his collar towards the pod.
‘Make sure Lipowski doesn’t find out, she’s not my mother now.’ Hutton choked Perry. ‘She’s trying to kill Zero.’
‘Ah Hutton, maybe loosen your grip a bit.’ Alexander nodded towards Perry. ‘Please.’
Hutton pressed the emergency button by slamming Perry’s face into it. Dazed, Perry tumbled into the seat. There was an uncomfortable silence as Alexander shuffled in and awkwardly sat between them.
The scenery blurred but the ride was slow and arduous.
‘Want to explain to me how this happened?’ Hutton’s tongue shot out like a snake as his mouth continued its awkward dance.
‘Here’s the thing—’
‘Don’t you dare lie to me,’ Hutton threw himself at Perry.
‘Stop,’ Alexander took the brunt of the impact as he held Hutton back. ‘This isn’t going to help.’
‘Like I care, I’m going to snap his neck for fun and pick my teeth with his little chicken bones.’
‘That’s oddly specific.’ Alexander pushed Hutton away. ‘Seriously though, she’s in the morgue not a body bag. They’ll fix her. It’s a hospital after all, that’s what they do.’
‘That’s what I’m afraid of,’ Hutton mumbled before he leapt out of the pod before it stopped. His desperation seemed to propel him forward.
‘Huh?’
‘Hey, first Zoe now you. Stop the pod before you throw yourself out of it!’ Perry yelled as he dove for the emergency brake. It was too late. The building and Hutton were already a distant blur.
‘What did you do?’ Alexander demanded.
‘I don’t know what you mean.’ Perry straightened.
‘Really? So it’s a coincidence that you threatened me and then Zoe’s attacked?’
‘You know you remind me of someone I really like. Now I’m getting confused because I hate you. But I love her.’
‘What did you do?’ Alexander grabbed Perry and yanked him forward.
‘Your eyes are very pretty,’ Perry’s stare was chilling.
‘Well you can stare at them all night because I’m not letting you go until you tell me what you did.’
‘Let me go?’ Perry smirked. ‘How kind.’
‘Speak!’
‘Chill, she attacked me so I delivered her to the doctor who cut out her ovaries.’
Alexander let go and fell back. His face was a picture of shock and horror.
‘Don’t you want to know why?’ Perry was excited by the reaction.
Alexander went pale.
‘Did you think I was threatening you? My mistake. Of course I was aiming to ruin everything you love because in the end that is you.’ Perry brushed Alexander’s fringe away from his face. ‘I’m surprised no one ever taught you how to destroy others. Go for what they love the most. The only thing they’ll never willingly give you. Take it.’
‘You think you can manipulate me through a perceived weakness. Unbalance or embarrass me? It won’t work because I don’t need your validation.’
‘Well no it won’t work if you’re aware of it.’ Perry pulled away. ‘Even I’m not that good.’
‘Is that your weakness the need for validation?’
‘And there it is, that mouth of yours will be the death of you. Reject the wrong person, at the wrong time and your ally will become your enemy.’
‘The wrong person, who could that be?’ Alexander smirked.
‘I have a feeling you know her well but not well enough. A friendly warning you’re also playing with fire and you just don’t know it yet.’ Perry opened the door. ‘This is where you get out.’
‘F—’ Alexander said as he got out.
Perry grabbed Alexander’s arm and yanked him back into the pod.
‘Ow.’
‘Don’t tell Zoe what we did or she’ll never trust you again. And you’re going to need her help, EA791.’
‘It wasn’t my fault,’ Alexander shook his head. ‘You don’t know where she comes from. It took decades to test her DNA against everyone’s. But now you know she isn’t part of you, you can’t risk her having a child. Joke’s on you she doesn’t want one.’
‘Neither did I,’ Perry’s dead eyes bore into Alexander’s soul.
‘They wanted to kill her so why intervene?’ He looked away.
‘Bored, vindictive, take your pick. But simply,’ Perry smiled. ‘Because we can.’
‘You have her DNA so I assume you also got her signature on a form that says you own it.’
‘Dead clever.’ Perry’s fingernails dug into Alexander’s arm.
‘Who do you work for?’
‘Did you hear what Hutton said? I think you should go help your friend before he kills her.’



12



The needle missed Zoe’s vein and embedded itself into her hand for the millionth time. She panicked. It was the only link to the pain relief that she desperately needed.
A crowd of staff started to swarm. Their shocked faces all looked at her before they dissipated.
Finally, the warm liquid tingled around her intricate web of veins as it lifted her past the pain. She was drowsy and incoherent in seconds. All she heard were fragments of a sentence as a clipboard was jammed into her trembling hands. The dull thud of pain would not go away instead it returned with a vengeance. She signed without knowing what was happening. In that moment, she did not care about anything else. She just wanted the pain to stop. As she signed her life away, they took her.
‘I won’t let them hurt you,’ Alexander’s lips brushed against her cheek.
‘My love. I’ll be here if you wake up,’ Hutton’s voice was in her ear.
She turned towards the voices and tried to reach out to them. Her hand brushed against Alexander’s cheek. He dissolved. Her hallucinations were the only thing that felt real.
They wheeled her into the sterile environment. She was unable to think or move as she became a passenger in her own body. The information remained fragmented as her brain refused to process the situation. She felt like she was at a feast and she was the meal. The mask came down over her mouth as her last thought took her into oblivion.
She felt numb. Even though it felt like no time had passed, for the first time in her life, she had been nowhere. The chatter in her head had stopped. For a time, she had not existed and now she knew how it felt, she wanted to go back.
The drugs were agitating. They made her feel tired but she had not been asleep.
She flinched. The lights were bright outside of her eyelids. She was blind but continued to open and close her eyes, willing them to focus. Voices said she was awake. People were walking and talking all around her.
They took her away again, it did not matter. She was powerless. Transported into another corridor and down into an arctic and fetid room. Her legs were bound in a machine that pulsated, arm tied to a drip filled with poison. The hand that had been turned into a pin cushion was bulging unnaturally. She felt distant, like the situation was not real or was happening to someone else. There was no way for her to connect with reality.
‘Don’t trust Hutton or Lipowski. They want to sacrifice you to gain their position back. He’s coming for you, don’t trust him.’ The voice was so far away but the smell of smoke filled Zoe’s nostrils, ‘Get up, fight!’
Zoe reached for the weapon that she kept hidden within her clothes. The sharpened piece of plastic was not there instead a thin piece of fabric was between her fingers. She ripped off the bindings on her legs and disconnected her arm. Even though her movements were betraying her, her stubbornness propelled her forward. She refused to be so vulnerable.
As she staggered away, she leant heavily on the wall. Her shuffling steps caused blood to seep through the bandages. It was an unbearable mistake, a huge strain on her already battered body. The scars were so restraining. She tried to deal with the torment but ended up avoiding it. The truth and lies were buried again as she accepted that a piece of her had died.
‘You’ll never know how much you kill me, Zero. The only thing I need is the one thing you’ll never give,’ Hutton appeared.
‘What?’ She squinted her eyes. Her vision was blurry but Hutton’s arm was twisted behind his back.
‘It’s three am. You should be resting,’ Hutton pleaded.
‘Lie.’
‘What lie?’
‘All of it. Why did they cut into me? What have they done?’
‘What have you done?’
‘Get away from me,’ she screamed.
‘The only way you’re getting rid of me is if you cut out your heart. You won’t live without me.’
Zoe violently grabbed him. An object clattered onto the ground. He looked away, so she snapped his head back to hers. Loneliness lingered in his dead eyes. It remained until finally she accepted it as her own.



13



Alexander stared blankly ahead. The sun could not break through the thick blinds. Instead the artificial lights gave the office an eerie glow. Even with the giant shelves, the filthy rug was full of boxes and junk. But mercifully the shelves hid the hideous chartreuse wallpaper. There was no avoiding the other sickly colours and textures.
It was the biggest office in the building but Cooper made it close in. His chair and desk were too large, even for such an expansive space. He used the layout to his advantage. His office was built in front of the elevator and stairwell. The narrow tube beside the office offered the only escape route but there was no way to sneak up on him. He could hear the creaking of the barren floorboards. The space opened out onto the rest of the floor. As a show of power no one was allowed to use it. The low chair swallowed Alexander. He could not escape it. It forced him to look straight at Cooper.
Cooper could see everything from his position. His droopy eyelids hid part of his eyes. Deep lines started at either side of his nose and connected to the sagging corners of his mouth. His face was untrustworthy and oddly comical, like the creepy and angry looking puppet from Alexander’s childhood.
‘I hope you’re not expecting any time off. Time is money, when you waste my time your wasting my money.’ Cooper’s rage startled Alexander. ‘Your brother’s dead but you’re adopted. Technically, he isn’t even your family!’
‘With respect, I didn’t ask for a day off. It won’t interfere with work.’
Cooper seemed satisfied with the answer but not with Alexander’s attitude. As he opened and closed his mouth like a fish. He would continue to assert his dominance now he had been challenged.
‘Sorry that was inappropriate.’ Alexander instantly regretted aggravating Cooper.
‘Your partner asked for the morning off. My fiancé’s brain dead. Yes but you aren’t not that anyone can tell the difference so get back to work.’ Cooper’s tone made the words take on a more sinister meaning.
‘That’s cruel.’
‘The world is. So don’t forget your sparkling vocation. Your brother’s key. Two for you,’ Cooper’s eyes were bulging. He was devouring the space between them. Leaning so far over the large desk that he was almost on Alexander’s lap.
The door vibrated as if it had been kicked. Twisting against the seat, Alexander heard the door open but could not turn around.
‘Before I forget make sure Delaney tests this,’ Cooper tapped a device on his desk. ‘Don’t want him to wiggle out of his responsibilities again.’
‘Everyone’s outside waiting for the meeting. Coffee,’ Perry tripped before he got near Cooper.
The cup shattered. Cooper growled and raced over, he was remarkably fast considering his slothful appearance. The chair would not move so Alexander got up. Even from the new angle he still did not know what was happening as he walked forward, Perry scampered. The contents were slowly seeping into the maroon carpet. But Cooper was staring at the box like something would pop out if he touched it.
‘Sometimes destruction is the only way out.’ Cooper was clinging to the box like his life depended on it as he suddenly swung it towards the door.
‘Ow, paper cut. Watch it moron, are you stupid or something? Looney moth…’ Delaney paused. ‘Oh it’s you.’
Sweat was dripping off Cooper’s brow. He hugged the box so tight that it started to crumple.
Alexander grabbed the device from the desk and fired. Delaney’s blood-curdling scream echoed around the gigantic office as the impact pushed his frightened form backwards. Blood seeped out of his wound.
Cooper retreated with his head down.
‘Why… you… that?’ Delaney stammered. ‘You fu—’
The bullet retracted as the singeing of burnt flesh filled the air.
‘New device, first shot scans the perpetrator’s body, next shot is a bullet that is guided in. It avoids major arteries and organs. Incapacitating the perpetrator without killing them. They asked you to test it last week,’ Alexander threw the device at Delaney. ‘Built in cauteriser.’
‘You only fired once.’ Delaney swore, his sweaty palms could not hold onto the device. It smashed into the floorboards.
‘Almost everyone’s details are already in the system especially ours because we’re detectives.’ Alexander shrugged. ‘Walk it off.’
‘Is Lipowski behind your outburst? Cause you’re helping her more than you’re hindering her at this stage.’ Delaney stuck his lip out and slumped down. Blood trickled down his arm. His dopey eyes and down-turned mouth matched his overall dishevelled appearance.
‘Ditto.’ Alexander walked towards the door.
Delaney stumbled out the door and towards the narrow tube.
There was a commotion in front of them.
‘She’s not happy unless she’s making someone else sad. The sooner you learn that the less time you’ll waste pining for someone that’s only using you,’ Zoe shook her head.
Perry’s black eye was peeking through the caked on makeup; the foundation did not match his skin tone. ‘What do you know about love? All you have is an empty head in a hospital bed.’
The words grew into something that consumed the whole room, everyone was quiet. Alexander stared at Perry, mystified by his actions and the thoughts behind them.
Zoe’s face started to contort. Before Alexander could reach her, she sprinted for the exit.
‘Get rid of your attitude and find some manners by the time I come back,’ Alexander did not wait for the response as he ran after her.
Delaney’s staggering form made Alexander skid to a halt.
‘Are you okay?’
Bewildered and nauseated, Delaney’s pale complexion shone. It was a sign of the sickness that was creeping up on him, he stumbled forward before he tumbled into the elevator.
Alexander reluctantly followed. The button was already illuminated but it was not for their level. He wondered if Delaney had made a mistake but had no more time to think about it as the floor dropped beneath them. Alexander was weightless before his head smashed into the roof. It was like being in a washing machine. His legs crumpled as they collided with the wall. It was a good thing that Delaney was already on the ground. Delaney was crawling to safety but Alexander did not realise the doors were open.
It took Alexander several attempts to walk on his jelly legs, the concussion was making the gap seem exceedingly narrow.
Something snapped and hit the ground with a thud.
Alexander aimed for the loud noise and stumbled forward. His eyes were dopey and unfocused. Blood was trickling down his forehead and dribbling into his eyes.
His wrist was ringing but he was unable to find his mouth as his arm wiggled around. While his head suddenly became too heavy for his neck to hold up. He slumped to the floor and inched towards the last place he had heard a noise.
‘Ow,’ he shrieked as something sharp dug into his skin.
The fog around his mind was clearing faster than the mist that clung to his eyes. He rubbed them profusely until the blurry edges turned into a large office space. It was bland and abandoned. Cobwebs and dust clung to every surface. The only sign of life was a crumpled form twisted around a chair.
A convulsing agony threw Delaney deeper into an insanity that was invisible. His body was warped in pain, twisting and contorting against itself. He was looking past everything as if he was in a different world. One that was exceedingly excruciating to exist in.
Alexander tried to pull Delaney back to reality but someone was hovering behind them.
Lipowski grunted. He was surprised before he realised they were on her floor not his. She seized control of Delaney and guided him away.
‘What can I do?’ Alexander tried to steady himself on the wall. It was impossible for him to follow them.
‘You’ve done enough. I had to treat you first or you’d be brain dead.’ Lipowski’s angry voice wafted through the air. ‘Don’t you know basic first aid? Don’t endanger yourself. When the professionals arrive they have to waste their time treating you instead of the patient.’
He shuffled towards her voice. ‘Sorry didn’t know.’
‘What? That Hutton died in these elevators? You’re lucky I was here.’
‘Must mean the experiment isn’t over,’ he mumbled. ‘If you saved me that means you still need me.’
There were two of her as she rummaged around in her desk. He rubbed his eyes and tried to bring her back into focus.
‘What is it? I used the new device on him, is that why?’ Alexander felt sick, he had poisoned his colleague.
‘Marshmallow allergy,’ she snapped as she stabbed Delaney with a needle.
Alexander was dumbfounded.
Lipowski sensed that he did not believe her. ‘Specifically gelatin. Don’t worry this has happened before, he’ll be fine. Trust me,’ her hands floundered as if she no longer knew how to control them. She tried to reassure him with a forced smile. Her mouth was the only part that committed to it.
‘You sure he’ll be okay?’ It did not look like a normal allergic reaction.
The colour was starting to return to Delaney’s cheeks, his face returned to its usual blank expression.
‘Leave it with me. I’ve seen these symptoms before,’ she commanded as she attempted to push him out the door. ‘He’s safer with me than the idiot that willingly climbed into the elevator that maimed Hutton.’
‘Thought you said that Hutton died in these elevators?’
‘Did I?’
‘Which one is true?’
‘Maybe both,’ Lipowski stared at him.
A chirping sound broke the tension.
‘Sir,’ he answered it while still staring at her.
Her eyes remained on his while he listened to the booming voice.
‘I know I used the elevator and I’m on the wrong floor but it was an emergency—’
She smirked.
‘No I’m not dead—’ Alexander bit his tongue. ‘Yes sir I—’
‘Let me guess, final warning?’ She sneered as he dropped his wrist. ‘You should go now.’
‘Well I’m already in trouble so I might as well ask you. What do you know about the cold cases Nash was assigned—’
‘Curiosity killed the Kershaw. If your girlfriend wants to ask me something then she knows where I am.’
‘It’s not Kershaw who wants to know. Leave her alone.’
‘Start a fight, I dare you.’ Her eyes bore into his. ‘But you can’t choose who the collateral damage will be.’
Alexander crouched down by Delaney and touched his head, ‘Call me, if he gets worse. You will call, won’t you?’
Without another word, she ushered him to the door. As he pocketed the hair sample and needle.
She was ireful. Even with her back towards Alexander, he could feel her rage. Her back curled ready to pounce on her prey as she hit the door with her leg.
‘W—’
The door was slammed shut in his face. He rested against it while he tried to process the insane events that had left him in such a vulnerable position.
‘Alex, what are doing on this floor?’ Kershaw tapped him on the shoulder.
‘I followed Delaney,’ Alexander pushed away from the door and rolled his head.
‘You okay?’ She lightly touched his head. ‘You’re bleeding.’
‘Ow.’ He turned to face her.
‘You didn’t take the elevator?’ Her tone made him feel guilty.
He grimaced.
‘Why would you do something so dangerous and stupid?’ Her fringe bobbled as she shook her head. ‘The last person that used it was Hutton and he’s… well for all intents and purposes gone.’
‘Had too Delaney was poisoned and he purposefully came to your floor. Lipowski was acting very strange also.’ He handed her the evidence.
She raised an eyebrow.
‘Can you run a complete analysis on these samples?’
‘I can try. But they’ll know.’
‘They probably already do,’ he rolled his eyes. ‘Is Hutton dead?’
‘No.’
‘You should keep an eye on him. I have a feeling Lipowski wants him to be.’



14



Ever since Raven had entered the tiny house, she had been at a disadvantage. She had not been prepared for the attack. Perry was so enamored with the false identity that she assumed he on her side not Avery’s. Instead she was left clutching her nose in shock. She growled before she launched herself forward.
Perry moved around her like an animal as Avery also dodged the attack and sent Raven smashing into the cupboard. The pain intensified until she slammed her fist on the tiles.
‘We don’t have time for your hissy fits,’ Avery glowered at them; she could have attacked again but she was already bored.
‘Why do you make everything harder than it needs to be?’ Perry glared at Raven. ‘And why is it always my job to control your temper tantrums?’
‘Do your job. Last warning,’ Avery hissed at both of them before she left.
‘B…’ Perry tried to placate Avery but he was already talking to her back. ‘Raven, why do you do this to me?’
Raven’s anger consumed until it pushed her into the darkest pit of her damaged psyche. ‘I want to kill Amy,’ her temper was like a compulsion, there was no way she could control it.
‘No.’
She considered throwing a glass of orange juice or the bowl of cereal at him. Instead she wanted to feel his pain.
Her punch was blocked. The force made her counterbalance with her other hand. It was a costly error in more ways than one. The glass shattered on impact and showered the scene with her blood. She gasped as she tried to shake away the pain and stop the bleeding at the same time.
‘This is a crime scene idiot,’ Perry said as he circled around Raven. ‘We haven’t even started yet!’
‘Glad you find my pain amusing.’
‘I’m so over this. Set the scene by yourself.’
‘Help me clean it up,’ Raven pleaded.
Perry ignored Raven and made his way back down the blue steps as he wiped his hands of her mess.



15



The argument was arduous and incessant but there was no way Alexander could escape it without being seen. He cringed. A maze of partitions separated the large space. Everyone was packed in as tightly as possible but as soon as Cooper had appeared, everyone had disappeared. For once the office was eerily abandoned.
‘Do you understand the strain you put on others because you can’t or won’t do your job properly?’ Cooper walked with his hands in his pockets and head down almost to the point where he walked into the desk.
Perry cleared his throat and opened his mouth to speak but no words came out. Flustered, he tried again.
‘Oh? I’m sorry,’ Cooper moved into Perry’s personal space. ‘Are you busy? Doing what?’
‘I’m thinking,’ Perry looked down.
‘Me too. I’m thinking you’re a waste of resources—’
‘Chief,’ Alexander intervened. ‘I need to talk to you.’
‘Where’s Zero?’ Cooper stepped back as Perry scampered.
‘Zoe,’ Alexander corrected. ‘Gone for lunch.’
‘Don’t lie.’
‘Technically it’s an assumption.’
‘What do you want?’ Cooper knocked the blinds.
It shone into Alexander’s eyes. When his vision returned he saw that Cooper was sitting with his legs crossed. A further barrier to protect his manhood as if the desk was not enough.
Cooper’s eyebrows were raised above bug eyes, he seemed oddly comfortable with Alexander. There were shards of his personality that were not present when anyone else was in the room.
‘Amy said I should talk to you about…’ Alexander trailed off.
‘Why would you listen to one word that comes out of a liar’s mouth? Don’t forget there’s more than one way in and out.’ Cooper had a crazed look in his eyes. ‘Of someone’s mind.’
‘So Nash is looking into cold cases,’ Alexander changed the subject. ‘Is there any particular reason for that? Perhaps you lost something?’
Cooper was pensive. His eyes went blank as they retreated into his disturbed mind. Shame oozed out of him, until nothing remained but a despondent man.
The shift in control was unnatural. Alexander had never seen this vulnerable side before. The expectation was that Cooper would use a nasty retort, like he always did. Instead he answered quietly.
‘We’re all defined by a lot of little choices that seem so insignificant at the time,’ Cooper lowered his head, tears started to stream down his face. It looked like he was trying to get away from his own words and the feelings behind them.
‘You’re Dylan’s uncle?’
‘I want the results from the test you just asked for,’ his eyes remained glued to the desk.
‘You know they are poisoning you, yet you won’t do anything to stop it. Delaney was hurt because you choose to ignore the danger you know you’re in.’
Cooper’s horrified face lurched up. The impetuous eye contact was hauntingly raw.
‘What the?’ Alexander looked down at his desk and picked up a strange necklace. ‘Did you put this here? It wasn’t here a second—’
‘There are devices that compromise the structural integrity of any building. It’s so powerful that the remote has a companion. Built in fail-safe. If any living creature is in proximity, it won’t work.’
‘I’ve seen this before, part of a matching pair, you can send messages and scan for life.’ Alexander looked up. It took a while for him to realise Cooper was gone.
Kershaw shuffled forwards. ‘Alex got those reports for you.’
‘He seems upset since Dylan…’ Alexander looked around as he hoped he would not have to spell it out.
‘Oh, he didn’t know.’
There was noise behind them.
‘That’s pretty,’ Alexander reached out and picked up the necklace. It was a textured blue rose. ‘I feel like I’ve seen it before.’
‘Coop gave it to me years ago,’ Kershaw smiled. ‘Never been able to wear it until now.’
‘At the atrium. It’s etched into some of the diamond tiles,’ Alexander added as the noise slowly faded away; he placed the device on the table. ‘Now they won’t be able to hear you either.’
‘Be careful with that, don’t overuse it or they’ll wonder why you don’t talk,’ she laughed as he raised an eyebrow. ‘At all. The other transcripts are probably millions of pages and yours was one without the device.’
‘And five with it.’
She giggled at his lame joke.
‘What’s happening?’
‘The amount of actual deaths has increased recently.’ She sighed.
‘I know for a fact that they haven’t reached their goal so they need those victims to experiment on.’ Alexander picked up the file.
‘Normally they experiment on them until their body gives out then add them to their empty morgue slot at a later date. But recently the slots are all empty. No explanation given.’ She bit her lip. ‘They were planning something big? So what’s changed?’
‘At least one of their puppets has made a mistake that will seal their fate. We have to catch them before they are disposed of.’ He pressed his hands against his temples.
‘Suggestions?’
He could not concentrate. The pressure was on them to capitalise on the first mistake their enemies had made.
‘Don’t listen to their lies.’ She sat on his desk and touched his arm.
‘Easier said than done.’
‘It’s all well and good until it’s happening to you then suddenly logic and even the advice that you’ve given before doesn’t make any sense.’ She ruffled his hair.
‘I’m worried about Eddie. Is there any way you can go see him?’
‘Not without putting him in more danger.’
‘They targeted his girlfriend but I’m pretty sure they only did that because she was working with Riesman.’
‘I heard that rumour too.’ She scanned the room before she whispered. ‘How much time do you have left?’
‘Days, minutes, seconds.’ He shrugged. ‘No way to tell.’
‘I need more time.’ Kershaw rubbed her forehead. ‘Can you stall them?’
‘Maybe.’ He plastered a fake smile on his face.
The office was buzzing with noise and movement as the other detectives returned to their desks.
‘Why are they all avoiding Cooper?’
‘He’s on the warpath today.’ Alexander shrugged. ‘I think they can sense it.’
‘Maybe they just don’t like him, that’s my reason.’ Zoe walked up to them.
‘Are you okay?’ Kershaw jumped up and placed her arm around Zoe’s shoulder.
‘Fine.’ Zoe had a red face in more ways than one, sweat and blood were pouring down her nose like a waterfall.
‘What happened?’
Droplets of blood were splattered all over her white shirt. ‘Clearly they wanted some of my blood, but now I’ve got theirs.’



16



The uneven slabs of concrete were threatening Zoe’s ankles. She naturally corrected the twist before it sprained them. Rage was building inside of her. A simmering frustration that had built up over time and would not go away. Everyone already thought she was numb, they would not notice her withdrawal from life. No one would notice that a robot had taken her place. A robot they could now control.
She ended up doubled over, she was still irritated but now she was tired as well. The fatigue that had been chasing her all day had just caught up with her.
‘You have that doubt in your eyes that screams agreement with anything self-deprecating,’ Raven’s venomous words appeared before she did. ‘Not a secret thou, is it? You’ve always been a weak piece of… what word would you use to describe yourself?’
Zoe raised her head to find Raven perched on a bench.
‘Speaking of pathetic how’s your demented,’ Raven paused to looked at her fingernails before she angled her head towards Zoe. ‘Dean?’
The unexpected and disturbing movement unnerved Zoe more than the harsh words.
‘Who are you suppose to be now? Which character did they give you to torture me?’ Zoe noticed that Raven was favouring her right side.
Raven’s expression changed against the scrutiny, she was covered in nasty bruises, and cuts. Multi-coloured bruises littered her body. Her black eye was staring at Zoe. She sprung forward off the bench.
‘So that’s why Perry accused me of attacking you. Did you paint those on or fully commit to the lie and beat the s—’
‘Worried about me?’ Shame was not an emotion that Raven wanted to carry, she shrugged away from it.
‘–out of yourself.’ Zoe rolled her eyes and moved away. ‘You’re a liar, why would I believe a word you say? Let alone worry about you?’
Raven changed her voice and accent into a high-pitched version as she tugged at Zoe’s clothing, ‘I started it. Can you help me officer?’
‘I can shoot you that’s helpful, right?’ Zoe’s eyes started to glaze over.
‘You can’t hurt people that would make you one of us,’ Raven was condescending as she stepped forward. She hid her cruelty behind an enthralling and manipulative charisma. But once it was seen it was repulsive.
Zoe’s lips curled into a snarl.
‘A little birdie told me that you’re missing some…’ Raven said insouciantly, she made eye contact and twisted her head. ‘Parts. How you got a husband, oops, didn’t quite make it! Fiancé, I’ll never know. Does it count if they’re a vegetable?’
Zoe threw the first punch but Raven was agile. The counterattack brought Zoe to her knees. Her blood dribbled down her chin and landed on the concrete.
‘Wonder why you have a scar when you were poisoned?’ Raven was smug. ‘Avery stole your ovaries. How far in advance did Alex know, well before you were attacked. In fact he was the reason for it.’
The uppercut made Zoe’s knuckles crack.
Raven was knocked off her feet, blood dripped down her chin.
‘What proof do you have?’
‘Maybe I’m paraphrasing,’ Raven sucked her lip and dipped her head. ‘Slightly.’
‘What do you want me to do with that information?’ Zoe screwed up her face and shook her head but the agitation would not leave.
‘Do what you want,’ Raven shrugged.
‘Are you staying on the ground to lull me into a false sense of security?’ Zoe looked down at her enemy.
‘No I’m comfortable. I don’t care what you do now. The message has been sent.’
Zoe laughed. Her nose ached so she stopped.
‘What?’
‘By your own admission, you’re just the messenger. I gave you too much credit.’ Zoe smiled. ‘You’re just like us, a little puppet dancing for their master.’
‘You’ve been fighting them for years and you still don’t really know who you’re fighting.’ Raven winked. ‘Don’t worry you’ll find out soon. But whether you survive it or not is a different matter.’



17



Alexander rubbed his temples as he tried to calm the storm in his mind. Perry’s unprofessional behaviour was adding to Alexander’s headache. For some reason Perry felt above them.
‘It’s not fair!’ Perry stuck out his bottom lip.
Zoe rolled her eyes.
‘You sound like a spoilt child, have you forgotten where you are?’ Alexander titled his head but Perry’s actions and thoughts remained a mystery.
‘D288,’ Cooper barked. ‘Talk to 1002’s boyfriend.’
‘A—’ Perry pursed his lips and widened his eyes.
‘Do you get paid extra if you annoy me?’ Cooper locked eyes with Perry who lowered his head and shrunk into his seat. ‘Why do it then? Just do what I tell you too!’
‘Okay,’ Perry back-pedalled then scampered away.
‘Here’s the info you wanted,’ Cooper threw a file in Alexander’s face.
Alexander looked down at the crime scene photos. The pale skin and pose reminded him of the photo that had launched JB’s career. In fact the automaton was a perfect copy of what she looked like when she was younger. The mistake was embarrassingly obvious to them. So much so that Perry had been the only one allowed to follow up on the leads.
The artists had been interrupted by their speedy response. It had given them an advantage that Cooper would not let them capitalise on. The fingernails contained fabric from the murderer’s clothes and both hands were stuck in a cadaveric spasm. They were forever reaching out to the sky just like Perry would forever be stuck in their distraction. While the real evidence was destroyed.
Zoe nodded towards something behind him.
‘Update.’
‘Enfield has a twin. One lived in invisible street with fluffy pink clouds and the other one lived next to Fincher’s funhouse,’ Zoe quipped. ‘I’d rather die free then caged to your deception.’
‘Great that explains the mixup,’ Cooper spoke over Zoe. ‘Zero, have you found IR_18 yet? Is he in protective custody?’
‘I’ll get right on that, after I find someone who gives a—’ Zoe said as she walked away.
‘Is Fincher that worried? Should she be?’ Alexander asked.
Cooper winked before he walked towards Delaney. ‘Talk to 1002’s boyfriend. I don’t trust Perry.’
‘A little help here,’ Delaney grabbed Alexander. ‘Who was victim 1002? How do I find the friend’s address?’
‘Hopefully you can follow a map. We still haven’t found something you’re good at.’
‘No way out of that date then. Looks like the killer’s got it in for you,’ Delaney smirked as he patted Alexander on the head. His demeanour changed when they were alone.
‘Shut up and look at this.’
‘What? Solved the case already super detective?’
Alexander ignored the comment and handed Delaney the file.
‘Interesting, no the other one, who cares. I’m going home. I’m at wherever the hell Cooper told me to be if anyone asks.’ Delaney placed a hand on Alexander’s shoulder and whispered in his ear. ‘Don’t work too hard or they’ll kill you.’



18



The shards of glass bounced back up at Eddie as he smashed the mirror. They dug into his skin but he ignored the pain. It was worth it not to see his eyes, they were full of shame and guilt. JB was dead. Now he felt like he was too. They had not spoken since he found her with Riesman.
Their lack of communication had turned an ugly situation into his own personal hell. He had failed to protect her from the doctor who had manipulated her into the grave. His words of warning would never be uttered. The one-sided conversation was eating away at him, his anger had permanently prevented it. Her suffering was finished but it was tearing him apart. He had betrayed her. It was too much to take as the torment shattered his heart.
All Eddie had was self-hatred, he had no identity anymore. It consumed the cruellest reigns of his being and it was all directed at him. Now he was a torturer intent on destroying himself from the inside out.
‘Where’s a murderer when you need one?’ Avery’s face reflected of the fractured mirror. ‘They’re coming for you. Obey me and I’ll make sure you survive it.’
Alex already told me, Eddie thought as he tried to hide his smile. ‘How did you get in here?’
‘Funny.’
‘Is it?’
‘Very, you’re a developer. Surely you know all the buildings in Terger have secret tunnels that only Erase—’
‘I’m going to stop you there. Of course I know but you lost your prestige position decades ago. It’s very well documented that you don’t have the access anymore. So stop lying to me, stretching the truth, planting seeds or whatever you want to call it. And tell me how.’
Avery looked him up and down. ‘Perry has access.’
‘And who’s Perry?’
‘Don’t know but he’s loyal, will you be loyal?’
‘You don’t know or he doesn’t?’ Eddie glanced behind him but her face was blank.
‘I didn’t ask. Don’t care about the past; not his, yours or even mine. It can stay there,’ Avery was fuming.
Eddie turned back to the mirror and bit his lip.
‘I’m not angry with you. Just know that if we work together. Don’t ask questions. We’ll tell you everything you need to know, everything that pertains to you.’
‘Don’t hurt Alex.’
‘Of course I won’t kill him. Do we have a deal?’
‘Don’t hurt him,’ Eddie reiterated. ‘And give me Fincher.’
‘Not Raven? She’s one—’
‘It’s Fincher I want.’ He was trying to be stoic.
‘That sets a deadly precedent.’
His shoulders started to curl as he growled. He was surprised and frightened by his own reaction. There was a risk to her safety if she stayed any longer.
‘Okay but don’t impede our work or your future will be grim.’ Avery left as quickly as she had appeared.
Eddie laid his hand on the shattered glass. There was something behind it. The knock became impatient as he remembered he was half-way through answering the door.
‘EE_00 I’m Detective 882. Rank Perry,’ the detective looked nervous. His hand was shaking as he squinted against the dim light.
‘We might be here awhile if we have to wait for your every word. Why is it taking you so long to speak?’ Eddie tried to read the badge but it was blurry.
‘I’m so sorry,’ the detective mumbled as he tried and failed to build some rapport. There was something oddly familiar about him. His pale skin and bloodshot eyes were haunting.
‘Why. Did you kill her? What should I do with your apology? Use it as a hanky to stop my tears?’ Eddie asked rhetorically.
‘Yes.’
Eddie purposefully flexed his muscles. ‘Do you think I’m ashamed of my grief, of my pain?’ He hated when someone insinuated that he was not strong enough.
‘I’ll come back l—’
‘No!’ Eddie slammed the door.
‘Tomorrow’s another day,’ the voice stated from behind the door.
‘That’s the problem, I don’t want it anymore. All of this, means nothing now,’ Eddie sunk to his knees. They were stealing his sanity, taking his last line of defence. Until all that remained was an emotionless shell that was trapped. He felt so defeated, humiliated, and isolated.
Every solution was locked away but his thoughts and regrets kept sneaking its way back in. He was in denial as his tears stayed on the inside. His brain ached but somehow his mind started to function.
‘That wasn’t a detective… it was,’ Eddie’s forehead crinkled as he pressed his fingers into his eyes. ‘Barker.’
Eddie’s head snapped towards the door as he scrambled towards it.
The voice was familiar, ‘Enfield, you’re a relic the last in a dead line of failures. Sam, Elizabeth, Francis, Olivia. Has your cousin solved the case yet? Or is JB still rotting on Fincher’s floorboards?’
‘What?’ Eddie ripped open the door. ‘Fincher still has JB?’
Barker burst through the door. As he darted inside, Eddie was knocked to the ground. Barker jumped away like a frightened rabbit.
Eddie’s feet skidded as he scrambled towards the balcony. The stress made his head ache. He leapt through the open window and onto the balcony.
The hairs on his body were upright as goosebumps coated his skin. He turned into the push. As he tumbled forward, his legs were thrown over the railing. He smashed into it, frantically trying to grab hold of anything. His arms were twisted awkwardly as he grabbed the iron bar with both hands and clung onto.
A burning sensation crept up his right hand. His grip gave out and sent him swinging sideways. He was relieved to be facing his apartment as his fingers found something soft to hold onto.
The afternoon sun was beating down on him. Sweat was dripping off the object. It had grabbed him. He realised the truth as he slowly lifted his head. His stomach came alive, anxiety scratched at his gut but his eyes refused to focus.
Barker was holding onto Eddie’s left hand.
There was no escape.
‘Don’t fall. Maybe you’ll survive,’ Barker was flippant. ‘But admittedly I was a little too fast and they aren’t in position yet.’
Paralysed by fear, Eddie wanted to climb back up but the strain on his muscles made him doubt his strength.
‘Ow looks painful,’ Barker giggled. ‘You heard me when I said your girlfriend is actually dead right?’
‘F—’
‘Oh you already knew, that means your cousin knew all along.’ Barker let go, Eddie immediately felt the strain. ‘Mmm me thinks we have a little rodent problem. Thanks for the info Eddie helpful as always.’
Eddie flinched.
‘When you do fall just aim for the big inflatable air bag, okay?’ Barker smirked as he wiggled his finger. ‘It’s over there somewhere. I would stay and help but I’m bored now so I’m going to go, bye.’
The skin on Eddie’s hands slid as his grip gave out. His stomach churned. The wind whipped at his clothes and blinded him.
‘A little more to the left. Pie eye,’ the warped words were the last thing Eddie heard.



19



The dewy concrete dampened Perry’s pants. Lately they had been criticised for their designs so he inspected the dummy before he called it in. Their work failed close scrutiny. If someone with experience went near it, they would know it was fake. It was his job to make the detectives chase approved distractions. While they were stuck playing make-believe in a moronic farce, the doctor was torturing the victims to death.
‘It’s a struggle to control them, they’re so intelligent and sincere. Pay attention to me.’ Raven’s possessive nature was overwhelming.
‘Shut up, I’m trying to work.’
‘The last person who spoke to me like that I set them on fire.’ Raven’s calm demeanour made her words more chilling.
‘And the last person who spoke to me like that I stabbed, admittedly too many times.’
Barker’s mouth fell open.
‘He’s joking, you can’t become a detective if you’ve killed someone in cold blood.’ Raven reassured Barker.
‘You can if you get away with it,’ Perry answered.
‘Oh, maybe he did. Don’t stay the s-word around Barker, it reminds him of a childhood trauma.’ She cringed. ‘That’s so unprofessional.’
‘He’s catching flies,’ Perry chuckled as Barker wordlessly left.
‘I meant you.’ She hit Perry’s head with the automaton’s hand.
‘Why the hell did you bring that? This one is meant to be mush.’
‘It’s like we don’t even care anymore.’
‘Well at least he’s gone, you’re welcome. He almost killed the victim again. We’re lucky Enfield was strong.’ Perry crinkled his nose. ‘Besides if you didn’t approve why play along?’
‘Probably because I can never tell when you’re joking.’ She looked him up and down. ‘Are you sure that was a good idea?’
‘What do you mean?’
‘If he finds out you killed Ellie and framed him to provoke Braxton Barker. Then he’ll realise you’re the reason he had such a bad life.’
‘I never said Ellie’s name. He won’t link the two events, he’s too stupid. Plus he looks paler than usual maybe we’ll get lucky and he’ll die soon.’
‘He always looks like that, not enough sun.’ She turned to leave.
‘Where are you going? I need some help.’
‘I’ve got a hot date.’ Raven winked.
‘Just let her go, she’s beyond useless.’ Delaney was leaning against the building.
‘How long have you been there?’
‘Long enough.’
‘What do you want?’
‘Didn’t you want help before.’ Delaney looked around. ‘Is Eddie still here?’
‘Never from you,’ Perry mumbled.
‘What?’
‘They took him ages ago. As we speak, he’s been tortured… reprogrammed whatever. Is that the only reason you came?’ Perry scoffed. ‘For a goodbye kiss?’
‘No. I wanted to see his face when he landed. The moment he realised he was alive and trapped forever. What kind of face did he make?’
‘I was busy with the dummy, now I’m stuck with another dummy. Because I’m doing my job. Like you should be.’
‘Actually I’m here because we have a little job for you.’ Delaney smirked. ‘You’re going to kill Amy Arkin.’
‘That failed,’ Perry’s face fell. ‘Can’t now.’
‘I’m here to take over from you while you go and prepare. Have fun,’ Delaney laughed.
Perry walked away from Delaney as he mulled over his options. There was no way around it.
‘You forgot the instructions,’ Delaney was screaming.
Perry ignored the noise as he fell into a horrible feeling. ‘I regret ever being in your life. I wish I could go back in time and remove every trace of me.’
The howling wind took his words away.



20



Alexander squinted. Behind Terger Headquarters, Raven appeared. He shielded his eyes from the sun. She looked like she was coming from Eddie’s Apartments. The two skyscrapers were imposing and made the smaller buildings look like a shanty town.
‘Does AA_95 mean anything to you?’ Raven’s demeanour was genial but her trajectory made him shift uncomfortably on the damp bench. She stood over him.
‘No, should it?’ He tried to avoid Raven’s piercing eyes by focusing on the smudges and imperfections in her makeup.
‘How about PE_95?’ She modulated her voice as she sat beside him; instead of sounding innocent, she sounded insincere. ‘Need an easy one? Avery.’
His smile dropped at the mention of his mother. ‘Never knew her.’
‘That was your real mother, right? She died twenty years ago. If I’m not mistaken incident EA791?’ Her formidable stare was unnerving.
He furrowed his brow. ‘It’s public knowledge that the incident happened just after I was born. Clearly I’m not twenty.’
‘You’ve had a rough life if you are,’ she squinted. ‘Maybe I’m misremembering. I’m not a detective I can’t access that info.’
‘Huh?’ He wondered how difficult her life must have been; she was too young for the winkles that marred her tired face. ‘How old are you?’
She was suddenly taciturn. The thick makeup did nothing to hide the baggy skin under her eyes.
‘Don’t waste my time. What do you want?’ His attention was drawn to her forehead as his eyes traced the deep-set frown line that ran down it.
‘You were raised by your grandfather Ray Alexander RA_78 until he died, natural death?’ Her fiery eyes demanded an answer.
‘No. Twenty years ago, he was murdered in front of me.’
‘I’m a few years older than you.’ Her face returned to its comfort zone as it settled back into a frown.
‘Misremembering? From a time when you were three?’
‘Your cousin was the latest victim?’ Her slender fingers tapped the bench. There was an elegance to her that did not suit her ugly features.
‘That wasn’t an answer,’ Alexander was blunt, he continued more cautiously. ‘Do you think the public record is inaccurate?’
‘Do you?’ Raven matched his directness as she raised her pencilled eyebrows and moved into his personal space.
‘JB is the latest victim. Also public knowledge. You don’t need to be a detective.’
‘Interesting.’ Her sharp eyes were burrowing into his mind. ‘D48, you have the clearance to look at personal files. I have no access to their files, I’m locked out. Long story. I only know what they tell me.’
‘Why did you ask about my mother?’
‘I wanted to know if you knew who your family were, apparently the answer is no.’ She paused. ‘You’ve always been single. Why? Because they separated you from your family for years? Slaughtered them in front of you? Does that make you uncomfortable?’
‘That you brought up past traumas? The nerve of some people,’ he was incredulous. ‘What’s your game?’
‘Are you sure Amy didn’t kill MK_24 like she killed her AK_90?’
‘They’re people not numbers. Mandy and Aaron.’
‘Dead at forty-four, pity her husband was a whore. W—’
‘Jealousy doesn’t suit you any more than your bitter personality suits your face.’ Alexander interrupted.
‘Oh that one stung, I can tell by your reaction. Shall we discuss the fact that you care more about Amy than your own parents?’
‘It’s a nice view from a pedestal,’ Alexander leant forward.
‘Mmm,’ Raven immediately jumped towards his lips as she bit hers.
‘But it’s lonely up there,’ he was brusque.
‘Why did Zoe want my blood?’ She reached for his hand.
He pulled away. ‘She knows who you belong to now.’
‘Who?’
‘Tit for tat Kitty Cat.’ He tried to leave but she grabbed his thigh. Her fingernails dug into his skin.
‘Enjoy the show,’ she pointed towards Eddie’s apartment.



21



The trail of destruction stopped abruptly at the gaping hole. Liquid sloshed around Perry’s feet as he made his way towards the body. Paint cans littered the rotting wood as paint dripped through to the lower levels. Powdered shards of wet flakes had replaced the floor. There was dry rot in the levels between their office and Cooper’s. It was hazardous. Crumbling bricks and poor ventilation added to the thick film of dust that hung in the air.
Perry felt a force slam into his chest. His shoulders broke through a brick wall as he fell backwards. Dust lodged itself in his eyes while the gritty taste of old plaster sat in his mouth, he tried to spit it out but it was ingrained in his teeth. His heart thumped against his chest, Barker was hovering over him.
‘Is it done?’ Barker asked. ‘Delaney said you were the one to do it. Was it painful? Did she scream? Fight?’
‘Of course,’ Perry coughed.
‘So why am I here?’ Barker’s eyes were bloodshot.
Perry shrugged. It felt strange for him to hear those words. They made him feverish.
‘So funny, stop wasting my time. You asked me to meet you here, why?’
‘I never did.’ Perry clambered to his feet.
‘Then who…’ Barker was oblivious to Avery until she spoke.
Her eyes flashed underneath her red fringe. ‘It was me,’ she said as Barker’s eyes widened in fear.
‘Are you sure about this?’ Perry’s parched mouth could find no relief. He was frustrated. The pleasure he craved, had been elusive. Not even the doctor could quench his dark desires anymore.
‘Shut up,’ Avery turned her head away in disgust. ‘Do you think they’ll let you continue after this? I think you’ll find your only option is to work with me.’
Barker’s head remained lowered in submission. The destruction of Perry’s rival had improved his status in the blink of an eye but he felt just as miserable and inadequate as he always had. He left without another word.
‘Perry, come back here!’ Avery screamed but he ignored her.
The journey felt longer than it was, spending so much time with Avery had agitated him. She had to control everything from when he ate to the thoughts in his head. Even his personality. It was so tiresome to be around someone who restricted him mentally and physically. Her pain was his fault. It was before he was born and now it always would be.
He turned on the device and activated the necklace. As expected four dots jumped onto his screen. At least Raven was where he told her to be but even she had disappointed him.
‘You told Avery I wanted to destroy it all. Didn’t you?’ He looked into the darkness.
There was no response but thanks to his machine, he knew she was there.
‘I wanted to see the look on that paunchy pretentious creature’s hideous face when he saw his building crumple with the device that he used on my precious home, all those years ago. You deny me that. You! Of all people, you know this bitterness is eating me up inside. Why did you do it you f—’
‘Did you shower in dust?’ She laughed at his dishevelled appearance.
‘What happened to the plan?’ He growled at her.
‘We’re in the same building, same floor and you’re still late. Serving two masters isn’t easy, is it?’ Raven’s jealously danced around her eyes and through her tone. ‘If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you didn’t want to help.’
‘Don’t provoke me.’
‘Here’s the evidence,’ Raven said.
‘You’re right, I don’t care.’ He looked down at her hands but made no attempt to take the evidence off her. ‘There’s only one thing I want and it’s gone. Forever.’
She looked at him in a way that she never had before.
It was a look he hoped to never see, now it was there to stay. He flinched. Every fracture, every life, every one, every thing hated him.



22



The people were transfixed by the splatter on the pavement. A pile of clothes that looked out of place. The horror, disgust and pain was still etched on their faces. Alexander felt sorry for them. They thought their friend was dead.
He sighed. Terger was designed to fail. His cousin, Eddie was a developer who was turning Terger’s fortunes around. A trailblazer that was a rebel in actions as well as parentage. Erase was infuriated with him. When they were ordered not to investigate, Alexander knew Erase had organised the attack.
Cooper opened his mouth but instead of speaking, he shook his head in disbelief.
‘Why are you here?’ Delaney smirked and raised his eyebrows.
‘Following a lead,’ Alexander ignored Delaney’s attitude.
‘Really or following the victim into death? You really shouldn’t be here.’
‘That’s my job, why wouldn’t I be here?’
‘You know why.’ The floodlight flickered.
‘I’m a detective this is a crime scene.’
Delaney bit his lip.
‘Now you’re here. What do you think?’ Cooper squinted. ‘Choose your words very carefully.’
‘The psychological profile of the victim—’
Delaney interrupted Alexander. ‘Instead of waiting for a slow death from his vices. He jumped. Why don’t you do that Cooper, Alexander?’
‘If my enemies want me dead then they’ll have to do it themselves.’ Cooper was trembling with rage.
‘That can be arranged.’ Delaney was curt.
‘Do you know the Enfield’s? They built Erase.’ Cooper stared at Alexander.
‘The Enfield’s? Rude and rich.’ Delaney smirked. ‘Thinking about it, I suppose it was murder. Perry obviously bore him to death.’
In the fading light Alexander could just see Cooper flinch.
‘He could’ve been standing right next to you. Some detective you are! Why the hell do I tolerate you? Useless f—’
‘All you do is show up and yell at everyone, how is that helpful?’
‘Delaney,’ Alexander intervened, ‘Why do you think they targeted JB?’
‘Really?’ Cooper was smug. ‘Ha he doesn’t have the mental capacity to answer such a question.’
Delaney poked his tongue out of the corner of his mouth but his passive-aggressive attitude was more damaging to him than anyone else.
‘What was that?’
‘Nothing.’
‘That’s exactly the value you bring to this team, nothing,’ Cooper’s malicious remark had the desired reaction. ‘Don’t leave here until you figure out what’s going on right under your nose.’
‘What?’
‘And you, I can’t put into words how much you’ve disappointed me.’ Cooper’s words made Delaney shiver. He spun on his heels and marched away from them.
‘Why does Cooper protect you all the time?’
‘He saved me, guess he feels responsible for me now.’ For once, Delaney was being sincere.
‘Saved you from what?’
‘Have I ever told you how much I hated Eddie? I was existing until he awakened me from my slumber.’
‘You say that like it was a bad thing. Yet when you heard he was in danger you were the first one here.’ Alexander scratched his head. ‘Why was that? What excuse will you use?’
‘Maybe I’m the one who killed him.’ Delaney hit his head with his hand. ‘Oops I forgot Cooper’s father was Sam Enfield.’
‘Did you also forget my parentage? Eddie was my cousin.’
‘No I remembered that bit,’ Delaney smirked.
Alexander clenched his fists.
‘You’ve got bigger problems,’ Delaney wiggled his finger at a spot behind Alexander.
‘Huh?’ Alexander was yanked backwards. His collar was choking him as he tripped over his own feet. Eventually, he caught a glimpse of his attacker. The face was warped by rage.
Zoe dragged him to his car and released his collar. He nodded towards the crime scene. But she ignored him and got in. Reluctantly he opened his door and sat beside her.
They had both suffered a lost of identity within days of each other. Although they were distancing themselves from the emotions that had crushed them, they had bonded over their shared pain. She was the only one who knew exactly how he felt. Time did not heal such a festering wound, only distractions would help. But when the distractions crumbled away, the pain would come back with a vengeance.
‘Please tell me you didn’t kill another one of my cousins?’
‘No, f—’
‘What, it’s a reasonable question. Considering… anyway what did you find out?’
‘No, you don’t get to be angry with me. Not after what I found out.’ Zoe quivered as she touched her tummy.
Alexander’s mouth fell open but no words would come out. A stab of guilt electrified his heart.
‘My attacker was left handed. Do you know anyone who is? Perry maybe?’
‘No, remember he’s right handed.’ Alexander’s eyes flickered. ‘Delaney’s ambidextrous. But what would his motive be? He doesn’t seemed to care about anything.’
‘Could’ve been a trick by Perry to throw us off.’
‘I don’t trust him and I don’t know why.’ He shivered.
‘AK_90 died thirty years ago along with his daughter. Restricted access to the cause of death. What’s this all about? And why isn’t his designation AL?’
‘Raven mentioned my family history. Said Aaron Landyn was ten years older when he died.’ He was relieved that she had changed the subject.
‘Strange. Is she trying to tell you they tortured him for ten years before they killed him? Or his birth date is wrong and his designation? How would she know that?’
‘I don’t know what she’s trying to do but we have to change tactics.’ Alexander glanced in the rearview mirror and saw Perry. ‘Heads up, our shadow is back.’
Zoe’s baleful glare frightened him.
Perry opened the door and poked his head in before he sat uninvited in the back seat.
‘New victim, just been confirmed as our killer. Autopsy report. The body was mutilated. That’s the reason for the confusion and delay,’ she handed the report to Alexander.
‘ID?’
‘Not yet. It’s a sixty year old woman,’ she gave Perry a sideways look of contempt. ‘All her teeth were knocked out in the attack.’
The words seemed to provoke Perry, he recoiled.
‘Trying to cover up the evidence? What do you think?’ Zoe asked. ‘Oi?’
‘No?’ Perry asked.
‘That’s the correct answer. If the question was, were you listening?’
‘I don’t care,’ Alexander finally processed what she was saying.
‘Why is everyone in such a bad mood all of a sudden? Am I missing something?’ Zoe asked.
‘Wish we had seen the crime scene,’ Alexander lamented.
‘I don’t think you want to see it.’ Perry placed his hand on Alexander’s shoulder. ‘It was Amy Arkin, she’s dead now.’



23



A red haze ascended as the sun started to rise, beams of light shot through the sky. The dilapidated ruins loomed above everyone. Raven had chosen the location for that reason, so she could look down on her victims. It felt so comforting to be around devastation, it almost made her feel normal.
Perry’s scaly hands tightly wrapped around her wrist. They violently spun her towards the knife. She screeched at him. Her ears were bleeding against the severity of her vocalised fury. He tried a couple of times to speak but his jaw had dropped to the floor.
‘The nerve of some people. If you can’t trust a lying murderer who can you trust?’ Her demonic eyes filled with a rage that made her shake. She raised the hammer and brought it down with unnatural strength.
‘Avery,’ Perry shrieked.
She moved the hammer slightly. It missed his face and dug into the concrete.
He cringed as the handle snapped. ‘Barker and Lipowski were the reason the plan failed. Avery was the face of it.’
‘Liar,’ her jaw tightened.
‘You’ve always been their actor and you’re calling me a liar?’ Perry covered his mouth. ‘I was given this identity quite recently. Lipowski told me to kill you.’
‘That does sound like something she would say.’ She said casually as her face returned to normal. ‘But how do you know? If by your own admission you weren’t there.’
‘What can I do to make you trust me?’
Raven smirked. ‘Give me your access to the tunnels so I can kill her. Invite Avery and we’ll do it together.’
‘Sorry?’ Perry forced himself to nod as his veins bulged in resistance.
‘Oh don’t worry. You’ll both be sorry,’ Raven sneered, she knew his obsession would be close by. ‘Come on out little puppet.’
Cat appeared from the shadows.
‘How quickly do you think that fake mane of yours will evaporate. My guess… is a millisecond,’ Raven flicked the lighter on and off. ‘All those nasty chemicals you rely so heavily on. They’ll be the death of you.’
‘Maybe we would get a real emotion for once instead of the carefully laid out set that you use repeatedly.’ Cat walked towards Raven.
‘That game won’t work with me,’ Raven threw the snapped handle.
‘I don’t have time for this.’ Perry stepped in front of Cat as he walked towards the exit, the handle bounced off his huge chest with a thud.
‘What are you going to do?’ Raven jumped up onto the scaffolding, and flicked her legs back and forth. ‘Drown me with your tears?’
‘I don’t think he’s listening anymore,’ Cat smiled. ‘But I am.’
Raven rocked her head back and forth as she debated whether to trust her enemy.
‘He’s gone back to Avery.’ Cat was livid. ‘I want them to die. What do you want?’
‘We want the same thing. Stay out of my way and I’ll stay out of yours.’
‘Change your plan, it won’t work now.’
‘Your necklace is the key, Lipowski will die with her atrium.’ Raven licked her teeth. ‘And Avery will fester in consequences of all of her selfish desires.’



24



Alexander untangled himself from a tree. The drizzle slowly started to pelt his cheeks. He pulled the twigs out of his hair and glared at his enemy. The uneven ground was already making his ankles ache but now he was distracted by the pain Raven had just inflicted on him.
Zoe’s hand cradled his as she helped him up. The shift in the atmosphere was immediate. Raven’s face contorted into rage as she pushed Zoe aside.
‘I need to go dispose of some rats now. Unlike you I’m a good little puppet and don’t have to suffer the consequences of being a miscreant,’ she yanked Alexander’s shoulders down.
Water trickled down his troubled brain. They were inches away but he did not want to kiss her. He looked down at her lips but when he looked into her eyes they were grotesque. The creature that stood before him was not attractive.
She seemed to sense his revulsion. The scent of her spicy perfume overpowered his senses as her wig tickled his flesh. But it was a distraction, she grabbed his badge and skipped away. The weird mix of childish and malicious behaviour was disturbing.
‘Ahh we’ll never catch her. We don’t have access to the tunnels,’ he hit his forehead repeatedly as he cursed his mistake.
‘I can’t be bothered anyway,’ Zoe puffed.
Perry precipitously appeared.
‘Sh—’ Zoe squeaked.
‘I’ve seen corpses with more life in them,’ Perry said facetiously.
‘That’s disturbing.’
‘I don’t want to see you when I’m not getting paid too,’ Zoe grumbled as she sprinted up the path.
Perry played on people’s natural instincts, he was a master manipulator. Sometimes it seemed like Perry was able to control their emotions. Cooper had impetuously refused to do anything about Perry’s erratic behaviour.
‘Did some new information come in on the famous model… JB?’ Perry asked as they ambled up the overgrown and fractured concrete path.
‘She was selling secrets to Riesman. They were blackmailing almost everyone.’
‘That doesn’t narrow down the suspect list. Did the bodyguards have a motive?’
‘We matched Jeremy Harrison to a body that was in the morgue before JB’s murder. The other bodyguard Aaron Kershaw died thirty years ago, cause of death smoke inhalation.’
‘Someone stole his identity?’
‘It was in the report. You do have access to them, right?’
‘Sorry. Insert lame excuse here,’ Perry looked around. ‘It was twenty years ago and it wasn’t smoke inhalation. Are you testing me?’
‘What did happen?’
‘Poison.’
Alexander tried to control his reaction.
‘Speaking of, found the assailant that attacked Zoe yet?’
‘No, crime scene was contaminated. Zoe couldn’t remember anything. You didn’t see anything,’ Alexander bit his lips as he saw Zoe.
‘Are you a detective, really? You should’ve known something was wrong,’ Zoe nagged from the doorway.
‘Leave it,’ Alexander warned as he walked past her.
A persistent odour surrounded them until they could smell it on their skin. The house was giant but freezing in more ways than one: rooms lifeless and uncomfortable, warmth escaped out of the uneven floorboards and crumbling bricks. They had more holes in them than was ideal. Cracks were visible across all the walls as they peeked out from under the peeling wallpaper. The spaces took more than they gave as the emptiness swallowed them.
Zoe perched on the edge, her stiff back betrayed her feelings of discomfort. The friction between them had not abated.
Perry slammed the cold coffees on the table.
‘It’s half empty,’ she complained.
‘Sorry. I’ll just add some more water,’ Perry gritted his teeth.
‘That’ll make it watery. You’ll have to do it again.’
‘If I did it again it would still be watery cause I’ll spit in it!’
Alexander placed his head in his hands.
‘Got something stronger than coffee?’
‘What’s your poison?’
‘Arsenic,’ Zoe replied.
Lipowski stormed in as she ignored the usual pleasantries. Her intellect betrayed her in social situations. Yet again she was focused on the wrong thing.
‘Make yourself at home,’ his tone indicated a lack of interest as he picked at the wallpaper.
‘Good luck finding a home in this dirty shack,’ Zoe laughed.
‘You’re a dirty shack.’ Perry mumbled as the wall got the brunt of his anger.
‘Sit Perry,’ Lipowski cleared her throat as she perched on a broken chair. ‘Meeting started at seven ante meridiem, I called you all here because some evidence has gone missing.’
‘What evidence?’ Alexander was on the edge of his seat.
‘Blood from…’ Lipowski looked at Alexander and smirked.
‘No,’ Alexander grumbled. ‘My mother almost lost her life for it.’
‘What’s your problem? She’s dead now anyway. This was your fault.’ Lipowski stared at Alexander, he looked away. ‘The only people with an alibi are: Cooper, Kershaw, and Perry in a meeting. Zero—’
‘Zoe,’ Alexander corrected her.
‘Where were you at the time?’ Perry accused.
‘Morgue,’ Zoe answered. ‘I’m guessing the meeting was about your bad attitude and lack of talent?’
‘Do you think we have a mole, Lipowski?’ Perry looked around but she had already slipped out.
‘If I call Kershaw, I think she’ll say what meeting?’ Alexander grabbed Perry’s arm. ‘Where were you Perry?’
‘Delaney switched the samples, he’s not a qualified detective. They got him off the street. He was a drug dealer, killed this woman Nelly, w—
‘Mel Ashingden?’ Zoe curled her lip.
‘Ah that was it,’ Perry nodded. ‘He went insane from it.’
‘And?’ Alexander asked as Zoe stormed out.
Perry raised an eyebrow. ‘So now he has to do what they say. Lipowski attacked him to punish you, because you were collecting evidence against her.’
‘And what evidence would that be?’
‘What indeed?’ Perry smiled.
‘Anything else?’ Alexander shivered as he realised they were alone.
‘She’s poisoning Cooper not Delaney. That was my fault,’ Perry winked. ‘I’m a bit clumsy or maybe I wanted to poison you.’
‘Well that was easy.’ Alexander tightened his grip. ‘Or are you trying to deflect the attention off yourself and onto someone else?’
‘I follow Cooper’s orders, he follows Erase’s. We’re just puppets on a string.’ Perry shook off Alexander’s hand. ‘Change it or get use to it!’
‘How?’
‘That’s the fun part. Find the only path that leads to their destruction before it’s too late. Because you can never go back. Lots of little choices but only one chance.’
‘I’d rather focus on redemption than destruction.’
‘You just don’t get it, do you?’ Perry patted Alexander’s head. ‘They’ll never stop trying to hurt you, kill you. The consequences you live with are not all yours to bear. But somehow we’re all stuck with them, other people’s burdens from their choices. If you want freewill, you’re going to have to fight for it. Every year, month, week, day, minute, second. Fight it.’
‘Like you did?’
Perry’s smile left a bitter taste in Alexander’s mouth. ‘Don’t let your past define you or it’ll be all that you’re left with. It took me way too long to realise it’s such a useless thing to hold onto. A pit of misery that eats you up, but the pain never ends even when you do.’



25



‘I think you should go, protect yourself. This situation is spiraling out of control and honestly you don’t need to be a part of it.’ Zoe squeezed Kershaw’s shoulders.
‘No, I’m not going to back down.’ Kershaw furtively looked away. ‘Perry’s here.’
‘Want something?’ Zoe was unable to hide her displeasure, Perry was the last person she wanted to see every day. He always hovered around, eavesdropping while he circled around like an annoying vulture. She wondered what he hoped to gain from acting in such a way.
‘Kershaw, Cooper’s looking for you.’ Perry said as Kershaw scampered away before he finished his sentence.
They had chatted in the little corner by the window. It had felt like a sanctuary but the same corner now felt like a prison with Perry.
Perry stepped towards Zoe, blocking her path.
‘Move.’
‘Sorry if I offend—’
‘If? If? If you offended, your very presences offends? Is this behaviour something that Raven has taught you, or are you always like this?’
‘That I offended you. I would hate to think that one conversation damaged our friendship irreparably especially because I’m one of the few people that respects you,’ he added the insult subtly.
‘You don’t have the intelligence to insult me, so don’t even try.’ Her eyes narrowed but her smile looked more like an animal baring its teeth than a genuine one. ‘We’re not friends, never were, never will be. The only reason I tolerate you is cause I’m getting paid too. Understand?’
‘Thinks she’s the only one that has to put up with someone she doesn’t like because she has too,’ he mumbled as he adjusted his shirt.
Zoe grabbed his crumpled shirt and threw him into the corner. ‘You can play your little games with your twisted friends but do it away from us.’
He hit the wall.
‘Parasitic moron can’t even insult someone properly.’ Zoe was mystified by his stupidity as she watched him flee. ‘Why would you hire someone so incompetent?’
‘What did he do now?’ Cooper stepped out of her peripheral vision as he walked towards her.
Zoe instinctively turned away.
‘Where’s Hutton?’
‘He tried to kill me, haven’t seen him since.’
‘Liar. Tell me what I want to know and I’ll keep your dirty little secret.’
‘Fine.’ She closed her eyes. ‘What do you want to know?’
‘Why was Alexander ordering secret forensic tests?’
‘He’s my boss, I’m not his nanny. How would I know?’ Zoe’s trice of trepidation was hard to control.
‘If he goes down this road, he’ll die. His past is darker than yours, his future will be too. Where is he now?’ Cooper almost sounded concerned as his voice quivered against the strength of his anxiety. ‘Do you know what they did to him every month since his birth?’
‘He doesn’t talk about his past.’
‘A simulation of the car crash that killed his parents. Until it’s ingrained into his brain, every smell, emotion, all that pain. Over and over again.’
Zoe’s face went pale.
‘His grandfather was killed in front of him. They switched between the two traumatizing events so that every night he heard the gurgle of Ray choking on his own blood. Felt it on his cheek.’ Cooper reached out and touched her face.
‘Why would they do that?’ She jumped back.
‘He’s their enemy, there’s no limit to the damage they’ll try and inflict on him. Where is he?’
No answer would form out of her trembling lips, she felt a sharp grasp like someone had grabbed her insides and squeezed. Her back straighten. The shock of the intense feeling made her legs crumple.



26



The secret room was devoid of all light. Although it was frightening, Raven was relieved that she was on the opposite side of Aves Atrium. Far from the demented room that held so many unpleasant memories. She would never have guessed that the tunnel came out in Cooper’s prized atrium. There was no air supply in the dank atrium. It took a while for her heart rate to return to normal. The atrium’s garden was giant and overgrown, Raven flopped onto the ground and stayed there. Even thought the plants were digging into her flesh, she refused to move a muscle. A chill made its way through her body but the extra risk engulfed her in the tingling warmth of dopamine. Still it felt peculiar and awkward to be so vulnerable. It was necessary as it lured her stalker out.
Perry had unknowingly sealed Avery’s fate. Raven smiled at the thought. The only person that Avery truly cared about was herself, Raven had learnt that fact the hard way. It was an unusual relationship but one that was never built on trust or love. Living in Avery’s shadow was a cruel fate, no matter what Raven did she could not compete. It had twisted her personality into a beast that she hated. The hate could not be contained for long. Every time people realised her flaws, she had to damage them. It was only a natural reaction to remove the threat. Her pride would not allow anything less. But her victims were killed by the very person who had kill her so many years ago.
The door opened and Avery’s perfume entered.
‘Puppet on a string, do you blame your strings?’ Raven’s voice echoed around the large space. She waited for the answer with bated breath. But her eyes remained glued to the dark wall of glass.
Avery walked into Raven’s peripheral vision as she responded. ‘No puppeteer, I blame the dark figure behind me who pulls them.’
‘But the strings are your weakness, little puppet, not mine,’ Raven answered as she slowly curled her body into a seated position.
‘Weakness? I’m not taking that from someone who is all over the place,’ Avery said as she offered Raven a hand up. ‘How much do Zero and Alexander know? You were suppose to find out what information they have, not give them more.’
Raven placed her feet beneath her and stood, deliberately rejecting Avery’s hand so she could show how powerful she was.
‘That was a mistake.’
Raven bit her tongue.
‘You shouldn’t target someone who’s smarter than you.’
‘I don’t remember asking for your advice but it might be because I’m stupid.’ A sprinkling of blood flew as Raven spoke. She grabbed Avery’s white sleeve and wiped her blood on it, ‘What do you want?’
‘Well I need a new shirt now,’ Avery said it as a joke but Raven was livid.
Raven could not see what she was attacking. But as she felt the blood splatter towards her, her heart fluttered.



27



Alexander’s shaking hands refused to work, all he could do was stare at the file. The afternoon sun was at its most brutal. He was scared of the possible answers to questions he had asked his whole life. His skin brushed against the file as he flicked open a page. He took a deep breath. His eyes widened as they dashed across the report.
The skin on his hand started to sing. His car door opened as the trilling sound filled the air. Without thinking, he dropped the file. In desperation he stretched his fingers out as he flicked the file under the seat.
A force grabbed his other arm and yanked him out. He struggled against it. But it felt like he was fighting against a brick wall.
He glanced at them. The men were twice his size. His limbs flailed before one of his legs connected with bone. The man’s head barely moved as blood ran down his deceptively innocent face. He growled. His teeth were rotten.
Alexander’s arm was twisted back as he found himself on a collision course with the car. The glass shattered against his elbow. His vision blurred. Even though he had protected his face, he was dazed from the impact. A persistent ringing was attacking his ears. Blood started to trickle down his forearm. He tried to rid himself of the unpleasant sensation but he wobbled and tripped onto the car.
The glass cut into his skin as he groped around for a weapon. Someone was searching his pockets. They were within striking distance. He smiled when he heard a crunching sound and felt a liquid sensation coat his fingers.
One of the attackers yelped. ‘F—’
‘Don’t hurt him.’
‘He just stabbed me f—’
‘Stop it.’
The attack was far from over as the man’s massive fist grabbed Alexander’s hair and pulled it back.
‘Stupid fool.’
Alexander shivered as he felt their breath on his neck.
‘Look through a fractured mirror to find me,’ Eddie hissed into Alexander’s ear.
‘Eddie?’ Alexander craned his neck.
‘I barely got out of there alive. It was only thanks to Avery that Perry saved me. Barker almost screwed that up by attacking me too soon.’
‘Ouch,’ Alexander’s neck cracked as he identified his attacker. ‘WN_07 let go of me, that’s an order.’
‘You’re not my boss, sweetheart. Not here,’ Nash yanked Alexander’s hair and twisted his arm behind his back. ‘Not now.’
‘Do you think I’ll break if you isolate me?’
‘No, I think it’s time to test how much control you really have over your own life?’ Nash dug his fingernails into Alexander’s head. ‘The answer is none.’
‘Give it up Alex and just do what your mother says, please.’ Eddie looked like he wanted a hug.
‘You’re hurting me.’
‘I know.’ Nash’s thirst for torture was not satisfied but mercifully Alexander’s mouth was covered until the world went black.



28



The door opened by itself. Delaney’s mouth was agape, Cooper must have smelt his reluctance. He was unable to hide his feelings of contempt towards the man. As per usual, the room was constrictive and unpleasant, and Cooper was strutting around it. When he acted like that his personality went from acerbic to insufferable. He pointed to the torture device that was disguised as a chair.
Delaney complied and reluctantly shuffled in, he was a minute away from finishing work and darkness was already starting to set in. The last thing he wanted to do was walk home through the dewy night after such a tiring day. He tried to drag the seat closer to the door so he could make a quick exit. It would not budge.
Cooper remained behind Delaney. Intentionally cutting off the only escape route, Cooper would always manipulate the situation to his advantage. He spent all his time tightening the restrictive chains of control around their throats that he had no time to do his job. The only person in their office that deserved their position based on merit and skill was Alexander.
‘What do you want?’ Delaney’s finger traced around the bump in his skin that held his chip.
‘You do realise you accidentally said that out loud?’
The question unnerved Delaney. Until he realised he had said his thought instead of thinking it. He tried to mask his embarrassment.
‘Obviously not otherwise you wouldn’t have been so blunt.’ Cooper grabbed the back of Delaney’s neck. ‘I’m looking for a woman.’
‘Aren’t we all, want to be more specific?’
‘Auburn hair, pale, five foot five inches, defining features piercing grey eyes. A tortured but captivating mind. Resist her or she’ll destroy you.’
‘Now you’re being too specific,’ Delaney muttered. It was a losing battle trying to control his tongue.
‘Choose your words very carefully.’ Cooper warned.
‘I don’t know someone like that, don’t want too.’ Delaney had no interest in Cooper, he could not be bothered pretending otherwise.
‘Mm, to know her is to be trapped by her.’
‘Sorry but,’ Delaney tried to be subtle but he gave in to his impatience, ‘what does this have to do with me?’
‘Don’t forget, N24 is Alexander’s fault.’
‘Chief?’
‘Where’s the black file?’ Cooper let go of Delaney’s neck and grabbed his shoulder.
‘Huh?’ Delaney quivered.
‘Your black eyes betray you.’
‘My eyes aren’t black t—’
‘Did you tell him?’ Cooper circled around his victim.
‘What? I didn’t realise I was meant to tell him something.’ The purpose of the meeting became clear to Delaney. Cooper did not want to ask anything, he wanted Delaney to know that he knew everything. It was a brilliant strategic move or it was foolish. Delaney could not decide which as he quickly made his escape.
‘You did.’ Cooper answered his own question as Delaney slammed the door shut.
There were no words to explain the strange and disturbing encounter. Delaney tried to call Alexander, he had plenty of time to think about it as the call refused to connect. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Perry lurking.
‘You know he won’t answer.’ Perry shook his head.
‘I don’t know what you’re talking about.’
‘Then why are you drenched in sweat?’
‘What do you want shorty?’
‘I’m not short. It’s everyone else that’s too tall.’
‘Whatever you have to tell yourself to get through the day.’
‘And what about you? You can’t dodge it forever.’ Perry pointed at Delaney’s chest. ‘All that guilt must be eating you alive.’
‘I don’t know what you’re talking about,’ Delaney narrowed his eyes. He had sold Mel Ashingden the drugs that had killed her. Then ran like a coward. He was starting to doubt whether he knew the drugs were bad or not. All that mattered to him back then was power. Now it meant nothing. The same nothing that his soul had felt until someone reached out to him.
‘You killed more than one that day. You killed a piece of their heart, pieces of their lives. That they can’t get back that you can never return to them. One drop of poison that killed some and ruined thousands.’
Delaney had destroyed countless lives with the drugs he sold but he never knew if he had killed anyone else.
‘Did you try to make up for all your selfish and horrible actions by letting Dylan go?’
The desperation on Dylan’s face had reminded Delaney of himself. Unable to look into the mirror of his soul, he let Dylan go. Now Delaney knew the only way to help was to let them face the consequences of their actions and hope that it did not break them.
‘Have you realised why Zoe hates you yet?’
‘What’s your point?’ Delaney grumbled at the reminder. It was something that he did not need. He saw Mel’s face everywhere he went. There was not a second that went by when he did not wish he could take her place. Certain situations would trigger the memory. They brought a stab of pain with them as her twitching body burrowed to the surface. He had done more than just kill her, he had destroyed her and everyone around her.
‘Mel adopted Zoe…’ Perry smirked.
‘And?’
‘You can’t trust Alexander.’
‘Why?’
‘Because he values Zoe more than you.’
‘And why can’t I trust her?’
‘Mel adopted Zoe.’
‘I don’t know that name.’
‘Why do you continue to lie to me when clearly I already know the truth?’
Delaney cradled his chin.
‘Right about now you’re thinking how much does he know?’ Perry’s side glance was smug.
‘And?’ Delaney thought about all the bad things he had done. No one knew, he had never been caught. While Mel’s first crime had been her last. One choice, one consequence that would live on in her place.
Perry laughed so hard, he started to cry. There was no sound coming from him as he snorted in delight.
‘You feed off other people’s misery and when nothing is going on, you create something then perpetuate it.’
Perry’s face fell.
‘I’m bored of your games, bye.’
‘Fine. Just remember you can’t trust them,’ Perry shook his head as he walked away.
‘Where’s Alexander?’ Delaney sprinted towards Perry and blocked his path.
‘He’s taking a trip into hell at Lipowski’s bequest,’ Perry laughed. ‘A trip few people survive. Want to join him?’
Delaney backed away until his back hit the wall, he was unnerved with Perry’s flinty stare.
‘I didn’t think so.’



29



Alexander was ripped out of his nightmare by a sound his confused mind could not identify. The steering wheel was the only thing he could see. It had stopped him from falling further forward. He gently touched his damaged forehead. Shaking uncontrollably he reached under the seat. His fingertips scraped over the sharp metal. The file was gone.
A rancid odour filled his nostrils. They twitched against the intensity of the smell. The corners of his eyes were fuzzy. They moved as he studied his torn and blood-soaked clothes. But his head remained still against the thumping headache. He realised that his nightmare had not been a dream. The ringing in his ears was accompanied by a numbness on his left side. Every movement even the smallest wiggle created a sharp pain that attacked his forehead. Shallow breaths caused his tattered jacket to rise and fall erratically.
His frantic attempts to open the crumpled door were in vain. It would not relent. His field of vision was a narrow tunnel. Through the shattered window screen he could just make out the splintered trees. Flames burnt through the trees and back lit the spindly branches. Snowflakes of glowing red and orange floated away.
He jumped through the opening in the window screen. His seatbelt yanked him back. Pinned to the seat, he frayed the edges with a twisted piece of metal that had almost embedded itself into his side.
Every move he made exacerbated his injuries despite that he continued to fight. The seams tore. He dove through the broken glass and crawled on the crumpled bonnet. It cut into his flesh. His blood gurgled against the boiling bonnet.
It was the panic that kept him moving forward. His skin turned red. Ashes floated through the air and landed on his exposed skin.
Screaming against the torment, he held off the desire to brush it away as he focused on his escape. He leapt off the crushed bonnet and swung on a broken branch.
It snapped. He tumbled to the ground as the hard impact jolted him awake.
Groggy and disorientated, he looked around the car. He screamed through his gag but his muffled voice did not reach his captors. The scenery was changing. He could see buildings either side of the sunroof but his prison remained the same. Their trajectory was surprising. Instead of turning left, they had turned right and taken him past his work, past the clocktower and the Mortuary. He surmised that they were heading to Aves Atrium but that action did not make sense. It was not accessible by car and there was no way they were going to carry him all that way.
The strangers were talking together but their attention suddenly shifted to Alexander. He closed his eyes, but his adrenaline forced him to peek. Their attention was once again on the road.
Within minutes the scenery changed, he cursed their weird city. The further away they were from civilization the more danger he was in.
Bushes blurred into obscurity. He shifted his focus to the tops of the trees. They contrasted against the sky and did not make him feel ill.
The screech of brakes coincided with him being thrown violently into the seats.
‘You shouldn’t be awake for this bit,’ Nash grabbed Alexander’s head.
‘I’ll do it,’ Eddie grabbed the needle. ‘You trust me.’
‘That a question or a demand?’ Alexander croaked.
‘Bit of both,’ Eddie smiled as he plunged the needle into Alexander’s neck.



30



The scenery was dull and lifeless. Even the animals who were staring back at Riesman looked dead inside. His designer squares were glass boxes with covered sides between the segments for extra privacy. It was his first time out of his mansion since he was born.
He was in a weird mood. Life was too short to be controlled by fear. He was sick of being demoralized and deceived by his mother. So he had decided to move away from Fincher, change his whole life. He was proud of himself for leaving the abusive situation. But it was embarrassing for him to be in the poorest part of his creation.
The city transmogrified into a green forest. He had planned the Menagerie to go past the beautiful places like Morgan’s Meadow, Enfield’s Clocktower, Elizabeth’s Maze, and the valley. While avoiding the unsightly pit of bottom feeders.
His new friends started to argue, they were polluting the air with their sound and lunch. Their sandwiches smelt of the sea, a strong and demanding odour. He had been ripped to shreds emotionally that day and now his insides were starting to churn.
‘They were cheaper. Especially at night.’
‘He built it. That’s not how it works.’
‘If you don’t stop your bickering, I’m moving to a different pod. Yes we’re in Terger but that’s no excuse to lose your mind to the insidious disease of stupidity.’ Riesman rolled his eyes in disgust.
The empty threat had the desired reaction. They were silent. Their obedience sent a shiver of contentment down his spine.
A strange man burst into the pod and sat next to Riesman. The filthy stranger was so close to him, he could count the hairs on the pointy nose. Subtly he pressed the panic button.
Riesman’s mind started to wander. A warm sensation splashed onto his face. His face crinkled in disgust. The man beside him had sneezed. He tried to hide his revolution. The thought of the bacteria sitting on his face made his skin crawl. He tried to refocus back on what he was doing but again he was interrupted as the man tapped his shoulder.
Rage was starting to bubble within him as he turned to face the stranger. His fingers splashed into warm porridge when he looked down he realised he was covered in vomit. The designer glasses had saved his eyes from being coated in the man’s lunch. His gag reflex threatened to add to the problem as he resisted the urge to climb over the table and run.
‘Coloured clothes of hypocrisy on a painted clown. You left the sanctuary of your mansion, why? Did you feel safe?’ The man’s toxic breath washed over him, ‘Oops. You should already know, if you’re not a good puppet then you’re a dead one!’
Their segment was diverted off the tracks and into the emergency bay. A guard appeared, but the man ignored her attempts to scan his chip.
Surprisingly when the stranger did not move, the deceivingly delicate guard grabbed him and threw him off. Either she was unnaturally strong or the man was weak.
Riesman furtively looked out the window and straight into the stranger’s eyes. There was excitement dancing around the corners of his vacant eyes. A shiver made its way down Riesman’s back as his attention was drawn back into his pod. Someone had just brushed past him.
The Pod waited for the precise moment that it could rejoin the other segments, he stared straight ahead unwilling to see the stranger’s eyes again.
Finally, they pulled away from the emergency bay at Morgan’s Meadow. Riesman sat in the vomit, he was petrified that if he moved he would be targeted again. All his confidence had dissipated. Now he was covered in the stench of filth. It plunged him deep into his subconscious, it felt like he was in his mother’s house again. Surrounded by death.
Riesman was shredded again but this time in a different way. His friends looked disinterested in his plight so they went back to sightseeing. He had unknowingly surrounded himself with his enemies and built his own death bed.



31



Alexander was dragged through the tunnel by his hair and collar. Although Eddie was trying to make it easier for Alexander, Nash was twisting his hair and yanking his head. Alexander’s eyes were weeping. It was like he was weightless as they pulled him through a narrow opening and into a large space. Before his eyes could adjust to the dingy room, the dank smell hit him.
They moved quickly through a room as Nash spun Alexander around and grabbed him under his shoulders before carrying him down the narrow staircase.
‘I’ll get Avery,’ Eddie disappeared.
‘Put me down, I’m not an object.’
‘Right now you’re whatever we want you to be.’ Nash’s tongue slid up Alexander’s cheek and brushed against his eyelashes, ‘Your tears taste like dread and peanut butter.’
‘Some people are allergic to peanuts.’
‘Avery is.’ Nash spun around until his back was towards the stairs.
Alexander leant against Nash in an attempt to make him fall backwards. But it was like he was pushing against a brick wall.
‘Don’t fight it. Avery gave you up long ago as a peace offering to Lipowski. You belong to her.’ Nash whispered. ‘In death do you part.’
‘Guess I’ll just have to kill her.’
‘You can’t kill a desire especially when it makes people so euphoric.’
Alexander tumbled backwards.
‘Here’s the part where you scream.’
The impact was painful but his fall was cushioned by the revolting smell. It hit his nostrils harder than the dirt floor hit his belly. Puffs of dirt and grit were thrown towards him every time he gasped for a breath.
Unnatural movement caught Alexander’s attention as an unidentified sensation crept over him. He screamed into breathlessness. Hairy legs crawled onto his contorting body but he could not think clearly as death lay beside him. Staring into its eyes, he found that he could not look away. The eyes grew into a chasm. He fell deeper and deeper into the corpse’s haunting gaze. There was no escape for him, he was stuck in the nightmare.
‘Where’s Alex?’ Eddie’s voice was hovering above Alexander.
Alexander lifted his head as he strained against the uncomfortable position but his bindings would not release him.
‘Hey Alexander, this one’s for you.’ Nash yelled.
A heavy object landed beside Alexander and coated him in a warm liquid. He jumped as the familiar sensation plunged him back into his waking nightmare. His grandfather’s blood was dripping down his face. The maggots crawled over his stomach. His heart was aching as the feeling of panic and helplessness consumed him.
‘Why did you bring me down here? I don’t care about Alexander.’ Avery’s voice shattered the last fragment of hope in his heart. ‘He was a means to an end and guess what it’s ended now.’
‘Amy was a lie. A tool to control my actions. She was never real, she never loved me. I was never enough,’ Alexander mumbled. ‘She never loved me and right now not even I do.’
Nash and Avery’s laughter echoed off the concrete walls.
The environment was attacking his senses and sanity but he refused to give in. Distracting himself against it all, he dissociated from reality before he lost his grasp on it and completely fell into their forced psychosis. Visualising his journey backwards, he tried to remember what had happened. The file. His mind was too fuzzy and unfocused, the details would not return. The blood that clung to the back of his head was there because he had been attacked. He remembered that much. His feet were freezing to death as they corrupted the rest of his body. He tried to keep his eyes open but against the intensity of his exhaustion, he could not resist.



32



People enveloped the area but they kept their distance from Raven, unable to look her in the eye or unwilling to acknowledge her in her current form. She found it strange that a change of clothes and a strong odour could be used to both attract attention and then repel people. Her smile was wicked. She loved watching people fall apart. It made her feel better about herself.
Hypnotised by the scene, she did not move. The spider she had on her face watched as the people that knew her walked straight past her. A unique design and bright colours gave people something to focus on. It was the perfect distraction, the perfect disguise. The mark that everyone thought made her so easily identifiable would disappear along with the mask it was painted on.
Perry was gone, death was finished and his interest had died with it. But Raven loved this sort of thing. She liked to watch the chaos as it surrounded her.
Other people’s emotions were intoxicating. She loved crawling into their heads and looking through their eyes. Imaging all the thoughts and emotions that in reality she could not reach. Even after all this time she was just as lost and unstable as she had always been. Her mask had slipped and she had suffered for it. She hated her own emotions. Never again would she let someone that close. The scars had grown into a wall. Now she was drawn to people that controlled her. The pattern they used was predictable and therefore reliable. Her obsessions knew the power they had over her. The situation was the same but the reaction would always be different. They would never give her what she expected.
‘No one wants to see the real you,’ Delaney’s voice was gruff. ‘No one loves you.’
Raven grabbed Delaney’s arm. ‘I do.’
‘I’m undercover,’ Delaney looked into her eyes. ‘Pretending to help Alex but actually working against him. I heard that you’re pretending to help us but are actually working with Alex. Any truth to those nasty rumours?’
‘We’re all playing a different game with the same pieces.’ Raven glanced around. ‘Seen Barker recently?’
‘I know he’s a threat. The years he spent locked in his mother’s laboratory have finally paid off.’
‘They’re dangerous,’ Raven’s heart was racing.
Delaney looked her up and down as if he was considering all of his options.
‘Avery warped our personalities. Used our greatest weakness against us. She can manipulate anyone without them realising that she’s the one pulling the strings.’ Raven glanced at Delaney as she tried to analyse his facial expressions.
The tension was palpable, Delaney was biting his fingernails.
‘From a distance, she seems to have it all but up close she’s a monster that has no equal. She made us vulnerable, now she has to die.’
‘Subtle sabotage. The best way to manipulate and control someone’s thoughts and actions,’ Delaney smiled. ‘Instead of setting a fire to the place you’re suppose to work for. You could learn a lot from her, she’s your opposite.’
‘It had the desired reaction now they think I’m insane.’ She lifted a manicured finger to her lips. It was poking out of her damaged glove. Her fingers were the only sign of her that she had kept. Unable to part with the neon yellow that made her feel so relaxed.
‘I know how Barker makes all his poison. For years I’ve been watching him, trying to find ways to counteract them. Are you going to kill me too?’
‘No, I trust you.’
‘What do you need?’
‘Everything I say to Alex must be true. I need you to make it true when it isn’t. Lay the seeds of doubt, jealousy, and pain wherever and whenever you can. Keep them all unstable every second of every day, until we’re ready to make our move.’



33



‘Where the heck is Perry?’ Zoe’s eyes burned; people swarmed around her but she felt lonely. ‘Unbelievable, has he been distracted lately or am I imagining things?’
‘Haven’t noticed.’ Kershaw was stuck in her own little world. ‘Why didn’t you tell me?’
‘Because I didn’t want you to treat me like you are now, like I’m fragile and could break at any moment. Go. I’m okay, really.’
‘I’m not,’ Kershaw mumbled to the ground as she shuffled away.
‘Wait,’ Zoe cringed as she remembered Hutton was Kershaw’s half-brother. She mentally chastised herself for being so selfish.
Lipowski tapped Zoe on the shoulder.
‘Did you even know him?’ Zoe’s face contorted.
‘I loved him like a son.’
‘What? He was your son.’ Zoe was already talking to Lipowski’s back. ‘Idiot.’
‘Where’s Perry?’ Cooper barked.
‘And they’re multiplying,’ she mumbled.
‘Have you seen Perry?’ Cooper snapped at Delaney.
‘No, but that’s always a good thing.’ Delaney smirked.
‘Odd to see you out of bed so early. I didn’t know you knew Hutton,’ she felt oddly out of control and awkward.
‘I’m not here for him,’ Delaney squeezed her shoulder. ‘You’re right I am allergic to mornings but it’s so early I haven’t gone to bed yet.’
‘Hey, you found him yet?’ Lipowski yelled but they ignored her.
‘Who’s she looking for?’ Delaney looked frantic.
‘Perry. We all are, his parents were suppose to take the body for Erase to experiment on.’
‘Perry?’ Delaney’s face relaxed. ‘He was here just a second ago but I don’t see him anymore.’
‘I just asked you that and you said no,’ Cooper’s veins were so pronounced, they looked like small streams flowing over his face and down his neck. ‘Yet when Zero mentions him, you tell her.’
‘Zoe.’ Delaney shrugged. ‘I didn’t like the way you spoke to me and admittedly I hate you.’
The feeling of her name on his lips made her feel warm. A sound that skipped its way down her spine.
‘When you find him just tell him my office now,’ Cooper grumbled as he stomped away.
Delaney watched Cooper leave.
‘What aren’t you telling me?’
‘Perry’s tracking data.’ He handed her a device. ‘He’s unconscious. More than that his car was broken into. We’ve been compromised.’
‘We? Since when do our interests align?’ She shook her head. ‘No, don’t try to get one over on me. I’m not in the mood for your mind games.’
‘But you are in a mood,’ Delaney laughed. ‘They. I meant to say they.’
‘Of course you did,’ she smiled. Her enemies were surrounding her and now there was no escape.



34



Perry pursed his lips as he thought about Hutton and Zoe. Their relationship was dark. But Alexander did not know how dark it really was, perhaps he could not see it because he was not mature enough for a romantic relationship. As far as Perry knew Alexander had never had one. Instead he had focused on his career, unable to fully trust anyone. They both appeared to be so strong but were emotionally fragile. Zoe let Hutton restrict her while Alexander would not let anyone near him. Perry wondered if his relationship with Raven would also suffer a tragic fate. The sad truth was he was only attracted to an illusion. He was not interested in whoever Raven really was; sometimes, he wondered whether any part of her was real.
There was pressure on his arm.
‘Hiding from someone?’ Delaney laughed. ‘Avery’s not happy with you. Ever wonder why she always sends someone with you. She doubts your abilities just as much as everyone else does. I pity you.’
‘You’ve got it wrong.’ Perry said but Delaney left as quickly as he had appeared. There was nowhere to hide, Perry could not return to life. No matter where he went, he would always follow. He could not escape himself.
‘Hi,’ Kershaw said cheerfully as she emerged from behind him.
‘I was attracted to you at first but you’ve faded. Raven made sure of that. You’re plain, weird and painfully vapid. Your pale skin and slight frame makes you disappear into the scenery. I don’t know what’s worse your personality or your bottled, frizzy and greasy dirty-blonde hair. Go take your many problems, for a long walk.’
Disgusted he looked away from her. Even though he had instigated her transformation, her unkempt look infuriated him.
‘What did I ever do to you?’ Kershaw asked before she walked away muttering to herself. ‘Never mind.’
‘I’m not fading into obscurity. I’m not going to wait for her to need me,’ Perry said. The door was heavy against his tired hands. He pushed it and made his way back to his car. It was early but he was mad and emotional.
The nearest shop was his destination. He would drink away his disappointment, drink until he was nothing. The same nothing that everyone believed him to be.



35



Raven broke into the car. It was a risk to commit a crime right under the shadow of Terger Headquarters. The files were left out so she flipped through them. It was all her precious work, documented down to the last detail. But she was not happy with it. These victims did not belong to her anymore.
The cerise on the photos jumped out as she shone her flashlight over it. Lifeless eyes stared at her. All that potential wasted. She knew exactly who was to blame. Her anger started to rise, so much so that she could not focus on anything else.
‘Raven, what are you doing in Perry’s car?’ Barker was insouciant. His eyes were shining in the low light.
‘Sending a message, you?’ Raven’s face remained blank but her heart was racing, she had not heard him until he was right on top of her.
‘Perry’s on the bench drinking. If you need him,’ Barker winked. ‘He’s meant to be transporting Hutton’s body to Erase but I stole it for Fincher. I guess it’s a little awkward for him considering he’s the one that killed him. Twice.’
‘Got no time for that stupid puppet,’ she slammed her hands down in frustration. ‘Where’s Alexander?’
‘You almost sound concerned, try again.’ He was looking at her like she was his next victim. ‘This time with more feeling.’
‘Help him.’
‘Why?’
‘Because I love him.’
‘I think you’re forgetting who you’re suppose to be, my dear.’ A soft smile spread across his face.
Raven looked him up and down.
‘Do you know who you are anymore? I don’t. So many disguises, too many faces. I’m so confused.’ He looked down at her shaking hands. ‘Are you mad at me?’
‘Why are you trying to pretend that you’re happy? You were never happy. Is that why you’re taking what’s mine?’
‘What’s yours?’
‘You are, aren’t you? Have I lost you to Lipowski or Avery?’ She tried to swallow the lump in her throat.
‘I want your life, what do you want?’ Barker pulled out his poison. The handle was attached to a sharp and damaged needle that reflected the mind of the owner.
Raven responded by grabbing her lighter. The small flame reflected her unfettered rage. She placed her finger over the flame.
‘I can’t reach life. Am I real?’ Barker whispered, his frailty was on show.
‘You know what’s real? Your rage, your agony, our revenge.’



36



The morning was dragging as the sun refused to rise. No one knew what to say or do, there was just awkward silence.
Zoe sighed. ‘Conniving piece of—’
‘I wasssss just on wah way,’ Perry answered on the third ring but he was slurring his words.
‘Walk to Cooper’s office, he wants to see you. We thought you were dead. Oh and your car was broken into. Your files have been compromised,’ Zoe could practically smell the booze over the device.
‘What? They were so close to me,’ Perry immediately sobered up.
‘Why weren’t you here?’
‘Just leave me alone,’ Perry paused but she did not respond. ‘Once all the excuses leave, all that’s left is loneliness. When you don’t even realise you’re alone, when it has become a part of you, when it’s all you are. All your emotions feel like they’re coming from somewhere else, perhaps we’re just an extension of someone else now. You still there?’
Zoe cut the call. The words resonated within the core of her fractured identity. All she wanted to do was talk to Alexander. She wore herself down when she was alone.
‘Did you find that pathetic puppet yet?’ Lipowski asked.
‘Where’s Perry?’ Cooper asked.
‘Your office.’ Zoe felt like a hive of bees were following her. ‘Don’t you have something better to do than follow me around all day?’
‘Wrap this up Zero. You’ve got work to do,’ Cooper’s comment cut through her. He spun on his heels and marched away.
‘Get over it. You didn’t even love him,’ Lipowski had not softened in her old age. She had spent most of her life avoiding Hutton.
‘That’s something we have in common then,’ Zoe’s smile hid her stress.
‘It’s not the only thing,’ Lipowski smirked.
There was something wrong beyond the fact that she was stuck talking to Lipowski.
‘Oh please, you had Hutton because you ran out of people to experiment on.’ Delaney said. ‘Half the office thinks you don’t even know what he looked like and the other didn’t even know you were related.’
‘Can you prove it?’
‘Do I need too?’
‘I loved him in my own way.’
‘Where’s Kershaw?’ Zoe ignored the fake sentiments.
‘I saw her earlier with Perry, she looked upset.’ Delaney said.
‘Give us a minute.’
Lipowski remained in the room.
‘Will this nightmare ever end?’ Zoe grabbed Delaney’s arm and pulled him into a side door away from Lipowski. ‘Where’s Alex?’
‘Alexander’s dead.’
Zoe froze. ‘What proof do you have?’ She did not want to fall for their lies again.
‘Flatlined sorry.’ Delaney held up Alexander’s tracking data.
A blank look consumed her face as her inner turmoil shredded her. Alexander was more than just the friend Zoe never had, he gave her the strength to live in a world that she hated.
She tried to speak. But her wavering body would not comply, instead she was screaming on the inside. Destroying the walls around her heart. Pulling out all the anguish, she let it consume her. She wanted it to kill her, willing her mouth to draw its last breath. Consumed by a feeling that she could not describe but that had utterly devoured everything she used to be. Alexander had stopped her from spiraling and now he was dead, she was dead. She had nothing. There was a special place in her heart and now there was a hole that could never be filled or fixed, could never be made whole. She did not know how to face the day or where she could go to escape the pain.
‘Zoe you’re scaring me. Say something,’ Delaney grabbed her but she could not feel the touch.
‘Who?’ Her jaw was so tense it felt like it might shatter. ‘Killed him?’
‘He wasn’t murdered. It was a car accident.’
‘It’s the cars fault then?’
‘No one is to blame, these things happen.’
As the wails and shrieks came out of her, she crumpled. She would not move until the world stopped.



37



Barker’s heart was beating out of his chest as he crawled on his belly through the thick vegetation. The dirt clung to his dark clothes and embedded itself into his fingernails. He had stalked his victim for a month. It felt longer than that as his anticipation built into a crescendo. He could feel the rush of adrenaline as he anticipated the contact. The twisted path was narrow as the trees hemmed them in on both sides.
A woman, with auburn hair, abruptly materialised. Her knife gleamed in the moonlight.
He stayed in the shadows. If they were there it meant that he would be punished or killed for his disobedience. He was not suppose to be outside.
‘Hey!’ Perry screamed as Barker’s precious victim crumpled to the floor, wiggled in pain then stopped moving.
‘Hurts, doesn’t it?’ She snapped her head towards him like a robot honing in on its target. ‘When someone takes your toy, and plays with it. And ruins it, can’t imagine the feeling.’
Perry growled like a wild animal.
This was cruelty on another level, Barker felt the panic take control. It had taken him years of petty crimes to build up to his first attack but they seemed like they were crazy enough to start at murder and work their way backwards. All he wanted to do was his job but now he would have to pay for his mistakes. If they caught him before he made amends, he would have to pay with his life.
‘Who gets to kill Barker?’ Perry asked.
‘Avery.’
‘What are we going to do about Alex and Zoe? They know the truth.’
‘How’s that my problem?’
‘Cause you’re the one who told them the truth.’
‘Alex’s badge with Zoe’s blood on it.’ Raven held the object out to Perry. ‘You choose which way you want it to go. Alex killed Zoe or vice versa, either way problem solved.’
‘Change of plan,’ Perry grabbed the badge and wiped it clean.
‘Perry!’ Raven yelled but he continued to ignore her. ‘What the hell? I worked hard to get what you asked for and this is how I’m repaid?’
‘Alex is… having some fun,’ Perry winked. ‘And Avery already dealt with Zoe. There’s no problem just an inconvenience caused by you.’
‘I see.’ Raven laughed. ‘You let Avery control you, that’s a mistake. She has no real power. Do you really think she cares about you?’
‘Don’t care about her either,’ Perry grumbled then mumbled. ‘At least I didn’t cut myself at a crime scene.’
‘Go on say that again!’
‘Why? Clearly once was enough.’ They were inches away from each other.
‘I tried to kill Avery. Again,’ she said through gritted teeth. ‘Lipowski stopped me.’
‘Remind me not to stand next to you. You’re more screwed than Barker.’
Barker enjoyed watching Raven squirm. The rustle was loud and came from all around him. He realised that he had enjoyed it too much.
Their eyes darted to his location. The sound gave away his position but he was not as well hidden as he first thought. Raven’s haunting gaze burrowed into his being and filled him with an unsettling feeling. A feeling that was unpleasant and inescapable. He had felt it before an indescribable feeling of terror.



38



The lights were like a kaleidoscope. Even though they were blurring around the edges, Alexander was still happy to see them. They should have been harsh and piercing against his damaged eyes, instead they were beacons of hope. It meant he was almost free. He stumbled towards them.
‘I’m not finished with you,’ the woman’s piercing voice was like a million volts of electricity. All he wanted to do was collapse but like a puppet on a string he was forced to turn back. Lipowski was perched on the boot of a crumpled car.
‘I guess parts of your lie are based on a small truth,’ Alexander closed his eyes as he sifted through the fragmented memories.
‘That’s what I like about you so susceptible to suggestion.’
Alexander’s eyes rapidly moved as he pieced together the reason why he had been punished.
‘What is life but a restriction. There’s no true enjoyment to be found anywhere. Not even in rebelling against them. Maybe it feels good for awhile but is it really worth it?’
‘I’m losing the essence of who I am. I fight because I don’t want this!’
‘Who cares what you want,’ Lipowski was flippant. ‘What is it that you need? Do you even know? What motivates you?’
‘No the real question you want to ask is how can we make you stop?’
‘I’m not playing with you anymore little puppet. Obey or we’ll throw you away.’ Smugness was seeping out of her pores. ‘Years ago, I had to kill to get my test subjects but not anymore, our school of thought has changed theirs. Now they’re so selfish. Just take Avery for example, we didn’t even ask her to sacrifice you. In fact, the reason she had you was to trade you for power.’
‘Liar. We see through you, you can’t use us anymore.’
‘That’s fine. Just don’t get in the way of progress.’
‘Progress?’ Alexander spoke softly. ‘What is it that you really want?’
‘Immortality,’ Lipowski beamed.
‘You’re just another propaganda puppet spewing out the same regurgitated agenda from your master. Immortality is something you’ll never be able to reach.’
‘No. I’m different. I have to be!’
The information had already been hidden away, the key to destroying everything Lipowski and Erase had created. Even if he died bound to their lies, his life’s work was to ensure that they would not win.
‘Just go now and don’t do it again,’ Lipowski was flustered as she waved him away. He complied.
Dawn was breaking through the gloomy clouds as Alexander stumbled away from the staged scene. The forest had long been abandoned and now it was a restricted area. He sighed. It was a long way back to Terger Headquarters.
His clothes were soaked in his cousin’s blood. He tried to shake away the negative thoughts and memories but they were stuck to him. They were seeping into his bones.
The tangled weeds clung to his bare feet. He felt the breeze cut through him as he tumbled onto the uneven surface. Instead of freeing himself, he turned onto his back. Pain shot throughout his entire body. The roots, weeds and brambles were digging into his damage skin.
‘Yikes. She must be desperate for test subjects if she gave you another chance,’ Avery stood over him. ‘I wouldn’t have been that stupid. Once I have my power back, you’ll be the first to go.’
He jumped out of his skin at her sudden appearance. The lack of sleep was messing with his mind. He was coated in dirt and blood. Nauseating and vile odours clung to him but Avery’s face was blank.
‘You take in strays, right Raven?’ Avery winked before she disappeared from view. ‘This one’s yours.’
He scrambled to his feet. The harsh environment was torture against the stripped layers of his damaged skin.
‘What did you do this time?’ Raven looked him up and down.
‘I let them in and become an extension of them but I need to be me. I can’t exist as them,’ he started to sob. ‘What’s wrong with wanting to be me?’
‘They’re wearing you down?’ Her forehead crinkled.
‘Who?’ He whimpered.
‘All those demons you’re chasing, especially the ones you hide from.’
Alexander looked up at her in defiance. His hands were shaking with rage.
‘Be careful of your curiosity it can easily turn into an obsession.’ Raven face had changed. ‘Acting like a victim won’t make me crack. Try something else.’
‘You’re right I’m not scared,’ he changed his tactics. ‘I’m angry.’
‘No, you’re scared of the one thing that can hurt you,’ her pause tortured him. ‘You. Stop pushing yourself into other people’s thoughts, stop trying to understand them. You can’t keep pushing yourself into damaged minds, can you?’
‘I’m not.’
‘You hide inside their minds, until you are sick of their company. Then you move on. You can’t be yourself because you don’t know who you are,’ she said. The shift in atmosphere was awkward and disorientating. A feeling stuck to them and started to control everything.
‘How can you give anything other than the poison that controls you?’
She frowned.
‘Your bitterness, it consumes you. Don’t be resentful.’
‘The form you take in this world isn’t always your choice.’ She was incredulous.
‘Which form wasn’t your choice?’
‘Don’t play with me.’
‘Why not? You’re playing with me. Where’s the file?’
‘If you’ve lost something then that’s your problem. You shouldn’t have followed me.’
‘I wasn’t following you, stop mixing fantasy with reality.’
‘Whatever I just need your help,’ Raven cupped her hands as she pleaded her case. She was trying to wrap him up in her lie like he was a present to be gifted to her master. But instead of gaining control of the situation, she lost it.
‘You’re more alike than you realise.’
‘What an insult.’
‘Being you is the worst punishment possible so you try to find someone else to be. At first you loved the job but now it amplifies your weaknesses. Tortures your mind. What do you regret more your existence or your choice to work for them?’
‘My choice was made for me long ago, I don’t regret it though,’ she leered. ‘But you, you play around in their heads until you’re bored but you can’t come in without taking something back out with you.’
Alexander held his head up. His whole body was aching but there was no end in sight to his nightmare.
‘Ray’s a monster, you’re glad he’s dead.’ Raven harshly mimicked a younger version of his voice.
He flinched.
The words seemed familiar. He knew the best way to cope with the memories was to leave them in the past. But sometimes when they were triggered he could not stop them from taking hold of him and dragging him backwards.
‘Mathews was careless. Avery is dead.’
Alexander went pale.
‘You hate your father, he caused the crash.’
His mind left reality.
‘You hate your grandfather, he hurt you so you stabbed him.’ Her voice was smooth but callous like she was reading from a report. ‘It was an accident but the crash wasn’t, that was your father’s fault.’
He wondered if Raven was still speaking or if his memories had taken over the story.
‘You loved your grandfather, he was your whole world so Lipowski stabbed him.’ It was an offhand remark. ‘Anyone with eyes could see how much he loved you. For years he protected you. Raised you right.’
Alexander pressed his fingers against his temples as his real memories came flooding back.
‘Incident EA791. Restricted access. AA_95 escaped and tried to flee with RA_78 and AE_11 but CL_84 killed RA_78 and AA_95; start of experiment EN11 with AE_11 and CN_11. PE_95 the son of FE_70, placed his twin’s bones RE_95 in the car with his wife AA_95 and set fire to it.’ Raven finished reading the report and dropped the black file at his feet. ‘Confidential. PE_95 would like to change the following details: AA_95 to Avery Enfield, PE_95 to Mathews Alexander, RE_95 to Ruby Morgan, AE_11 to Alexander. Incident to have occurred ten years earlier. Officially a car accident killed AE_11 parents and RE_95 is still alive. Request accepted.’
Alexander broke and released the tears he had been holding onto for years. Everything he thought he knew, the essence of who he was as a person now lay at his feet. He had been lied too and brainwashed. The astonishment restrained his exhausted brain.
‘You wanted it. Pick it up,’ Raven sneered at him but he did not obey. ‘That’s why Amy was killed, that was her body that they placed you by. Dug her up just for you.’
‘Amy? That character was never real.’ He smiled. ‘What’s the key to a good lie?’
‘Repetition.’
‘Was Avery allergic to peanuts?’ He blurted out the question before he could regret the hasty decision.
‘No,’ Raven titled her head. ‘But one of my mother’s test subjects was, I remember her son. Weird boy, licked everything. Made the mistake of getting too close to the cage. He said I tasted like sadness, regret and jam.’
‘I’m guessing you didn’t let them out.’
‘No about five days before the fire, they were taken.’
‘You tried to save the test subjects?’
‘I’m a nice person,’ Raven winked. ‘By the way, I was the one who rescued you.’
‘You call that a rescue? It was car crash, literally.’
‘I left your car there but I couldn’t drive it for you and,’ she mumbled the last bit. ‘Apparently you can’t drive it either.’
‘I’m sure somehow this is all your fault.’
‘Did you find what you were looking for?’
He smiled. ‘Did you?’
‘That’s more trouble than you’re worth. I don’t know how you managed to get out of the atrium, I can’t go in there.’
‘Haunted by the past?’
‘Aren’t we all. Or was it all a drug induced nightmare? It’s difficult, especially when the picture they paint you is oh so vivid. You could swear it was your memories coming back to life.’
Alexander started to laugh psychotically. A warped smile made its way onto his crazed face. He raged through his mind, smashing everything that was in his way. His consciousness had been hacked, he wondered if anything was real as he fought against it. He picked up the file and ripped it into pieces. The black cover resisted his attempts to tear it so he threw it. It came dangerously close to her face, but she did not flinch. Instead she watched his every move.
The pieces of paper ended up strewn on the grass, as he sunk to the ground. He felt like just another weed that littered the overgrown forest. They were sharp against his skin but he ignored the irritation.
‘Are we having fun yet?’ Raven bit her lip and continued. ‘There’s no one for miles, I could kill you.’
‘And I you,’ Alexander licked his lips. ‘Why did they do this?’
‘Curiosity. It was Lipowski’s idea to hack into our memories. She wanted to know if she could corrupt someone. Make it so that they tortured themselves daily with feelings of worthlessness and abandonment. Her goal was to make them feel aimless, unwanted and in the way. Drive them to the edge but make them push themselves off it.’
‘She wanted me to kill myself,’ Alexander stated.
‘Physically or mentally, did not matter which one. As long as you died in spirit,’ Raven said. ‘Funny, you look pretty dead right now. Has she finally won?’
‘You don’t want her to win either, do you?’ Alexander asked as he pulled himself up and dragged his exhausted body towards her. ‘You could’ve walked away.’
Raven knelt down and rested her head on her hands.
‘Instead you took a risk on me. You let me see the file because you knew I could take it.’ He was inches away from her face but she did not pull away.
Her face did not register the smell instead she picked out a piece of dry mud from his messy hair.
He held his breath against her touch.
‘I need your strength.’ She cradled his face. ‘You’re the only one who has ever beaten her. You see all the experiments are twinned, you and I underwent the same programming with one difference, I shattered but you did not break.’



39



Alexander paused at Cooper’s door. There was no point delaying the moment any longer. He shuffled in with his head down and sat beside Zoe.
‘Who assaulted you? Why were you by yourself?’ Cooper demanded as he tried to catch them in a lie. ‘Who did you tell? Where’s the dead body? Who was it? How many? What did they do? Where were you? What’s going on? Why were you there? How did they get the jump on you? Did you want them to attack you? Where’s your car? Did you know them?’
Alexander tried to think of the right words to say but the fatigue from his ordeal was sabotaging his ability to think let alone form a sentence.
‘Well?’
The strain was starting to show on Alexander’s face. He was fighting against a splitting headache as his heavy eyelids tried to stay shut. The doctors had told him to take it easy. He had a mild concussion. Naturally he did not listen to their advice. He did not trust them when they refused to do a drug test. Instead, he covered his bruises and went back to work like nothing had happened. He was unable to shake off his workaholic nature, unwilling to be punished for someone else’s actions.
‘How are we suppose to answer so many questions at once, simplify it for goodness sake. We’re not robots—’ Zoe made the mistake of answering for Alexander.
‘Why would you get mixed up with Raven? Do you only like causing trouble for me? Have you lost your minds?’ Cooper’s hatred was bursting out. ‘Did you have a mind to lose to begin with?’
‘Do you?’ Zoe said before she added. ‘Nash is in charge of the cold cases, why?’
‘No, you don’t get to question my actions. Zero,’ Cooper’s eyes were full of contempt. ‘I need to be able to trust you. Right now, I don’t.’
‘Feeling’s mutual,’ Zoe was unable to stop exacerbating the situation.
‘At least something is. Why aren’t we on the same page about anything? We’re on the same side, aren’t we?’
‘Are we?’ Zoe said without trying to hide her derision.
‘Can we focus on the issue at hand please?’ Alexander asked politely.
‘I’m sick of hearing all the excuses!’
‘If you’re sick of hearing it,’ Zoe said. ‘Then we’re defiantly sick of saying it.’
‘Excuse me?’ Cooper was flabbergasted.
‘You’re the mastermind, you try to twist everything so it fits your narrative. Why should we help you destroy your enemies when you are an enemy to life itself.’ Zoe laughed at Cooper, ‘You don’t care about anyone. You revel in the misery you put other people through. Is that why you chose this job, so you can watch the drama unfold?’
‘Please, let’s just overlook this lapse in judgement and get back to work.’ Alexander pleaded with them before the situation escalated.
Cooper stood and looked down on her.
The door opened before the tirade began, Delaney entered without knocking. There was always someone in his way and somewhere else he needed to be. He did not hide his smugness as he waved a file in their faces.
‘What?’
‘Looks like someone has been hard at work. I caught your pretender PM_98.’ Delaney said as he rested his hand on Alexander’s chair.
Alexander turned slightly so he could looked up at Delaney, ‘You have enough evidence to charge him with murder?’
‘No. I can’t do all your work and mine,’ Delaney said defensively as he let go of the chair and stepped back.
‘I’m surprised that you were able to do it at all,’ Cooper was sardonic; his pitch mockingly high. ‘Normally you’re so ineffectual.’
‘Ineffectual? You are,’ Delaney was shaking. The rage was seething through his bulging veins.
‘I didn’t realise someone could be so gauche and pretentious,’ Cooper shook his head. ‘Don’t take credit for something when everyone already knows the truth.’
‘Stop goading me, my brain’s not working right now.’
‘Does it ever?’ Cooper scoffed. ‘Finagler.’
The comment cut through the tension in the room but created it elsewhere.
‘Well look who swallowed a dictionary, hope you choke on it.’ Delaney yanked the door open and escaped through it.
‘Tell me about the witness, who is she?’ Cooper had been so distracted by Raven that everything else had disappeared out of his mind.
‘She was in Elizabeth’s Maze, when he attacked her. She knocked him out and rang the police,’ Alexander replied.
‘Does this woman have a name?’
‘I’m sure she does but she didn’t give it.’
‘Can’t you find her?’
‘No.’
‘What did she say?’
‘I’m paraphrasing. In five minutes Avery will kill Barker. They traced the location to the same forest where victim nine was found. The man was restrained but screaming through his muzzle with the evidence of his many crimes taped to his chest.’
‘Don’t like it. They’re not suppose-to be gift wrapped, we should be out there catching them.’ Cooper unexpectedly kicked the desk. The strong looking desk was surprisingly fragile. It shook and sent a photograph tumbling across it.
‘We?’ Zoe exhaled and rolled her eyes.
Cooper stared at her.
‘About time they attacked someone that can fight back. But I agree with you, it seems too easy. S—’ Zoe tried to appease him.
‘Zero leave. D48, you owe me a day of work.’
She stared at him.
‘Zoe,’ Alexander corrected. ‘Sir? I was taken against my will.’
‘They’re allowed to do that any time and for any reason. Be thankful that they let you go without an extended stay or a permanent one. You owe me one day. I don’t need an excuse, I need you to work. Now leave,’ Cooper snarled.
Alexander grabbed Zoe’s arm and dragged her out of the room. Her feet tripped over his but she did not pull away from him. He clung to her hand as they rounded the corner and sprinted through the narrow corridor.
They were both out of breath before they got to the stairwell.
‘What’s wrong?’
He ignored her question and yanked the door open.
As he stumbled through the opening, his legs gave way. He tumbled onto the concrete floor. His hands broke his fall as he smacked into the cold surface. It made him shiver as he felt a sickness creeping up on him.
‘Elizabeth and,’ he spluttered.
‘What’s wrong?’ She wrapped her arms around his shoulders as he tried to crawl away from her.
‘Eddie’s photo was… on Cooper’s desk and…’ Alexander tried to stop his tears by bitting his lips.
‘Oh s…’
‘This is all my fault.’
‘I… I don’t know what to say. Will you believe me if I say it wasn’t your fault? Is anything I say going to help?’ Zoe’s words failed her so instead she clung to him.
He resisted at first before he gave into the hug and eventually to the tears.



40



The white wall was depressing and bland, so Barker focused on the dark grey table. His lip quivered. He had always been a coward. Weak people were his drug, they would let him have his way. He needed to be cunning to achieve his goal.
‘Good afternoon, my name’s Barker. Enunciate. Otherwise I don’t understand.’ He was being impertinent with Detective Alexander as he tried to deflect attention from his shaking hands. ‘If I don’t understand a word you say then I can’t answer. I really want to help.’
‘Добрый день 내 이름 은 Barker 입니다 enunciar さもないと non capisco. Unlike you I speak and understand more than one language so don’t look at me like I’m the idiot when you can’t even understand one.’
‘I real well I mean to that is ah um,’ Barker tried to stick to his rehearsed story but his rigid body was fighting against the lie. Alexander and Zero were instinctual, intellectual and very perceptive. They were hard people to control. Uncomfortable with their challenge, he tried to distracted himself.
‘Lawyer 9 Morgan, Ruby. Evidence log N24,’ his lawyer was muttering into a device.
Zero snapped her fingers. For the first time since they had entered the room, Barker’s eyes looked into hers. He tapped his feet as he tried to self-soothe but he could not recover his lost confidence. His eyes dropped to the floor as he instinctively crossed his legs. He was unnerved. Unable to look at her now she had directly challenged him.
‘KM_85 Kevin Morgan.’
Their attacks unsettled Barker, his desperate eyes moved to the side to find Ruby. She sat up straight but did not try to stop what was happening. The only movement she made was to twist a piece of her dark hair between her black manicured nail and slender finger. Her dark eyes were fixated on Alexander.
Zero tapped Barker’s head and gave him goosebumps. ‘How many people have died from your devious mind? From your concocted poisons?’
‘No comment.’ Barker gulped.
‘Don’t hide behind your lawyer. Have the guts to say it. Take responsibility for your own actions, for once in your life.’
‘He can’t, it’s always someone else’s fault. We know you attacked at least ten females and nine males.’
‘They can’t speak to me like this,’ Barker protested to Ruby. Their actions and words were dripping with contempt.
‘Your poison is very unique. Quite a sight to behold under a microscope.’
‘Allegedly,’ Barker relaxed into the uncomfortable chair. ‘You forgot to say allegedly.’
‘Did I?’ Alexander taunted. ‘Mr. Morgan was your friend. The only victim you knew. Your lawyer is his niece. The other murders may not have been you but this one was personal.’
‘You think I attacked those people but I didn’t. Sure, I’m a bad person, I steal, I lie but doesn’t everyone.’ Barker’s anger was festering.
‘Those are general statements that liars use to misdirect. Be specific if you want us to believe you,’ Alexander had not moved, he was still towering over Barker.
‘You can’t speak to me like that,’ Barker was irritate. The lack of control made him seethe with rage.
‘Someone’s making a fool out of you, who?’ Zero walked out of sight. He tried to turn around but she grabbed him by his shoulders and anchored him in his chair. They were both in his space now.
‘You’re a joke. You’re incompetent,’ Barker yelled before he calmed down. ‘I’ve seen the killer’s work and I’ve heard about the doctor. All the damage they’ve done and you still can’t catch them.’
‘No, you know them,’ Alexander corrected. ‘They’re playing a dangerous game but you’re just a distraction, nothing more.’
Barker’s desperate eyes begged them to stay but they were almost through the door before he spoke.
‘I want a deal.’
They did not respond.
‘Aren’t you going to ask me about her? Red hair, it happened so fast um athletic build, my height. They haven’t found her body, have they? They were arguing, I heard it. Did she set me up? Don’t go, just listen—’
They were both out of sight.
‘Wait they mentioned a name, Zoe.’
‘In what context?’ Alexander demanded as they both aggressively sprinted towards Barker.
‘She said, mistake to take it, but the other guy ignored her.’
‘Avery did?’ Zero snarled.
‘I want a deal.’ Barker smirked, he was in control now. It was amateur hour, attacking his intellect and manhood. He could tell that he had unnerved them. His face started to twitch, movement would indicate weakness.
‘That’s not what you need, it’s not what you’ll get.’ Alexander stepped back and stayed out of Barker’s peripheral vision.
The lack of control was making Barker irate, he could not see them. He refused to submit if he turned his head, he would lose.
She stepped forward and looked deep into Barker’s eyes. ‘The things I’ll do to you, will go beyond death.’
‘What can you threaten me with? I exist in a waking hell and have nothing. So I take what I can.’ All his life he had been alone. He was selfish, he could see that he was missing something. But no one would give him the love he needed, he thought it was well within his right to take it.
‘You think you can take it, go ahead. What you need must be given, you can’t take it,’ Alexander came back into view and sat down. ‘You’ll always need more, more of that cheap substitute.’
‘Tell me what to do then I don’t know what to do. I’m lost, can you help me? Please help me,’ Barker begged. The only thing he lacked in life was ironically something he could not give himself. He had tried to physically take an abstract concept. All his thoughts were consumed by that obsession.
‘Missing twin, PM_98 do you know where he is?’
‘I don’t know but I know where RM_98 is.’
The detectives laughed as they both walked away, towards a freedom that was beyond Barker’s reach.
Barker had lost again. It was his fault for playing a game that was over before it began. They already had more than he ever would, they had an aura of love and respect. It made them even more attractive, especially to damaged people like him.
The pain was more than he could tolerate. But his lawyer was the only person around that he could punish.
‘You were beyond useless,’ Barker berated. ‘Why are you here to punish me for Kevin? It wasn’t my decision.’
‘What’s wrong? Feel like you just got your rights violated. Can’t imagine what that feels like.’ Ruby added with a smirk, ‘Your victims might thou?’
‘Whose side are you on? You weren’t there you don’t know what I went through!’ His childish defence made him squirm. ‘I can use this to get the charges dropped, right?’
Ruby looked confused.
‘It’s recorded? We have proof.’
‘They never turned it on.’
‘You’re my witness.’
‘I didn’t see anything.’ Ruby smirked. ‘What’s wrong? Are you scared that no one will believe just you? That your word won’t be good enough? That they’ll treat you like the criminal instead of the victim?’
‘I want another lawyer,’ Barker said coldly. Nothing was going his way, he wanted to press a reset button on his life. He closed his eyes to it all and tried to shake it away from his mind. The choices he should have made were so far away.
‘That’s your prerogative,’ her lips tightened and released as she looked away. She despised him, he was finally able to clearly see it. But it was too late now, she left him to the prison that was no longer just physically surrounding him.
He forced his head upwards as he stared at the ceiling trying desperately to hold back the tears. His bloodshot and dewy eyes threatened his composure. There was no pleasure left in this world anymore. He could no longer force his pain onto others, he was stuck with it.
Someone entered the room so he shrunk into his seat, head glued to the table. The noise came closer but he did not dare lift his head.
‘When you’re ready to face the consequences,’ Alexander had returned and placed something on the table. ‘You’re a strong person who has a lot to give. Don’t spend your life taking.’
Barker thought he must have misheard. People did not associate him with positive qualities. Unquestionably Alexander meant to say weak, he waited until he was alone before he lifted his head and looked at the object. He felt his own emotions for the first time in years. But the fight against himself was just beginning.



41



Zoe’s eyes rapidly took in the details of the crime scene. After everything that had happened any distraction was a welcome relief. The emergency bay was a small stop at the edge of Morgan’s Meadow. It was remote and quiet. The area had been cordoned off to the public. Segments had been diverted around the crime scene but the menagerie was still in operation. Erase did not care about the designer’s death and the guard’s death was not acknowledged at all.
The crime scene was old but they were not allowed to enter until the representatives had investigated it thoroughly. Even though she was in the area at the time, they had to wait.
Zoe immediately approached Alexander, who was in the middle of the chaos. He was rapidly barking out orders as he coordinated all the people that were swarming around him.
Cooper appeared before she could reach Alexander, ‘Zero. Don’t forget where you came from!’
‘What?’ Zoe was confused by the sudden closeness and the cruel jibe.
He disappeared as quickly as he had appeared.
‘What was that about?’ Perry asked.
She looked at him and rolled her eyes.
‘You can’t hide forever,’ he smirked and ran after Cooper.
The people dispersed as she approached Alexander. She wondered if they were running away from her, she did intimidate a lot of people.
‘Security footage. What was his name? Oh s—’ Zoe slapped her face.
‘Yeah it’s Fincher’s son.’ Alexander was exasperated. ‘Yes, everyone is running away from you. They don’t want to be caught in the crossfire.’
‘I knew there was something I was supposed do. Oh well, she’ll get over it. She is a heartless b—’
‘Just stop. It’s logged under you and she’s insane. When she checks the system, she’ll come for you and everyone you’re close too. This situation was so avoidable.’
‘She’ll just have to join the queue at this stage.’
‘I honestly don’t know how you’re still alive. Mystifying,’ he shook his head.
‘Someone hates me. The more I try to escape the more they pull me back in,’ she shrugged. ‘Guess we’re stuck for now.’
‘Might as well do our job then.’
‘By all means. The murderer kept his head down, aware of the cameras. Guard was killed instantly.’
‘Her death was ruled as a workplace accident. Cooper just told me not to waste any time investigating it. Officially she doesn’t exist anymore.’
‘Typical.’ Zoe rolled her eyes. ‘They were the only ones to leave the segment but when the segment stopped for the last time, I noticed this.’
The screen crackled to life. A vagrant with bright yellow nails stood out against the black. Her tattoo immediately caught their attention. The swirling colours were captivating.
‘There’s a restroom on the pod. I think that’s where she hid.’ Zoe glanced over to Delaney and Nash. ‘Any point walking over there? I’d like to avoid them if I could.’
Alexander smiled. ‘It’s already been destroyed. We’re too late this time.’
They heard the disturbance before they saw it.
‘Alexander, tell this moron that this is my crime scene a—’ Delaney yelled.
‘Huh?’ Nash’s gargantuan shoulders were flanked by Delaney’s hands. But his eyes were glued to Alexander. His face was smug as his eyes glinted with malice. It sent a chill down Zoe’s spine.
‘What’s he doing here? This is my crime scene. Why don’t you focus on not catching your own killers?’ Delaney snapped at Nash.
‘Shut it,’ Nash’s response provoked Delaney further.
Alexander and Zoe purposefully avoided them.
‘Do something useful, take out the rubbish. That’s the third vagrant we’ve seen, that one stinks of unwashed sweat bathed in bacteria. Makes a change from the other two, who only smelt of dead rodents,’ Delaney said as he screwed up his nose.
Alexander honed in on them. ‘Vagrant with yellow nails and a tattoo?’
Zoe reluctantly stopped.
‘Yes, flaking khaki colour, why?’ Delaney asked.
‘Where? When?’
‘Disappeared, around the time we showed up.’
‘Suspects hang around crime scenes, why didn’t you take down her details?’
‘P1500, why didn’t you take down her details?’ Delaney pushed Nash away. The animosity caused a revulsion in both of them that prevented them from looking at each other.
‘What!’ Nash snorted in disgust. ‘How was I supposed to know? You’re the one who saw her. Besides I’ve been here for two days straight with no break. I’m tired.’
‘Useless!’ Delaney fuelled the embers of their disagreement. The argument roared back to life.
Alexander threw his hands up in the air and turned back towards her.
‘Could this really be our case?’ Zoe asked.
‘There’s no evidence to link it and the method’s different.’ Alexander looked at the segments zooming past. They were watching the scene as though it was entertainment put on specifically for them. Sighing through his frustration, he shared a look of disgust with Zoe.
‘Well the detour didn’t last long. The witnesses said that the guy was nowhere near the victim. There’s no way he could of. But I’d take that with a pinch of salt. They didn’t look upset at all,’ she raised one of her eyebrows. ‘Only inconvenienced.’
‘Let’s wait for the autopsy report. It must be done formally because he’s important.’
‘Nash was smirking at you.’
‘Didn’t notice.’
‘Probably because you avoided looking his way even though you had to break your neck to do it.’ She touched his forearm. ‘Is this the first time you’ve seen him since…’
‘Yeah. He’s always been creepy but I didn’t know he was…’ Alexander flinched. ‘That dark.’
‘And Eddie?’
‘It wasn’t his fault. He’s the reason they let me go, Nash killed him instead of me.’
‘Sorry, if I was the reason… I’m sorry. I didn’t have anything to lose. I didn’t think they would target you.’
‘Not your fault, the moment Avery targeted Eddie. He was doomed. His name was his protection and she took that from him,’ Alexander tugged at his clothes. ‘From us all.’
‘Do you think you’re still in danger? If they can get to a citizen of Erase then they won’t hesitate to take us out.’ Zoe felt her heart flutter. For the first time in her life, she had something to lose.
‘We’ve been in danger ever since we stepped into their world.’ Alexander shrugged. ‘We just need to be patient.’
‘Is there really nothing we can do but wait?’ Zoe pulled her hair in frustration. ‘Why did your tracking data flatline? How did you escape the atrium?’
‘They drugged me. No one escapes the atrium. Raven thinks it was all a dream. But I think they just wanted to punish me. Whatever the real answer might be, we’re both on our last warning and next time they won’t be so kind.’



42



Barker’s eyes widened in shock. He was distracted by Alexander and ended up running straight into a wall. Stunned, Barker turned around and tried to go the other way. The motorbike slid into his path, he almost tripped over his feet as he skidded to a halt. His eyes darted between them but he instinctively backed away from Zero.
‘Well that was really rude,’ Zero snapped. ‘How did you get out of jail, cockroach?’
‘I didn’t ask to be released. Honestly, it’s safer where I was but they need me here for some reason. I was told to be here,’ Barker spluttered as he moved towards Alexander. ‘Officially it’s a new release program implemented by Erase, unofficially I think it’s a trap. But I don’t know how.’
‘How? Not why? Still stuck in a cage,’ Zero tittered. ‘Of stupidity.’
That’s not funny, I was trapped for years. If only you could feel half of the pain I’ve been through. It still wouldn’t be enough punishment for you. Barker could not verbalise his feelings, he held up his hands and stepped away from Alexander. Her words dredged up painful memories. His grandfather had berated and beaten him until he ran away. But that was the beginning of his torture. For years he had been locked away in the atrium forced to create poison. In the years since he had indirectly killed thousands if not more.
‘Do you have an alibi for—’
‘Braxton ripped me to shreds. Thanks for destroying the last of my sanity. Do you even feel guilty Zero? You owe me!’ Barker flinched. She was selfish and horrible. He screamed in his head so loud that he was sure they had heard.
‘Can’t use that old excuse,’ Zero smirked and raised an eyebrow.
‘Fine, but I wasn’t at Morgan’s Meadow.’
‘Who said anything about that?’ Alexander broke through their bickering as he cross-examined Barker.
‘I mean I didn’t murder anyone,’ Barker clarified. His guilty mind had betrayed him. But he was not the only one who was making mistakes. He noticed her peculiar disposition.
‘Murder?’
‘I, well I wasn’t there because I was.’ Barker realised his mistake and started to splutter out a feeble excuse but it was too late. ‘I mean yes I gave them the poison they needed to kidnapped their victims and kill others.’
Alexander pressed, ‘What did you see?’
There were no words that could justify his actions as Barker lowered his head in shame.
‘Spit it out!’
‘He was lean, average in looks and height with a dark jacket. He saw that I saw, smirked and continued like nothing had happened. I guess he thought that no one would believe me or he figured I wouldn’t tell anyone.’
‘Well he was right. You didn’t tell anyone,’ Zero snarled.
‘I’m telling yo—’ Barker knew he was an unreliable witness and a criminal but it was more than that and he could not hide that fact. His back went rigid as he tried to hide his body language.
‘Have you seen him before?’ Alexander got the conversation back on track.
‘He monitors me when I’m allowed to leave the… lab. Average you know, unassuming. They’re not like me. I do this to survive. I,’ Barker broke down. ‘I was scared, don’t have a home, a life. I’m just at everyone’s mercy, please don’t arrest me, don’t make them come back and hurt me. Help me.’
‘Them?’
‘A fiery red-head with a vile expression.’
‘Useless as always. You’re a waste of everyone’s time,’ she was dismissive.
‘I’m not,’ Barker insisted but his quivering lip betrayed his fear. ‘I’m telling the truth.’
Zero snorted and walked away.
Barker adjusted his tattered t-shirt. The sudden silence made him feel uncomfortable. Alexander unexpectedly smiled after looking at him for what seemed like an eternity. The reassurance made him blurt out everything he had kept locked away.
‘I dread the confrontation and all those words that always hurt. Even when there’s no malice in them. You weren’t there when we needed you! I feel like screaming it in their faces every time I see them, I had to watch so much pain and suffering it’s scarred into my brain. My memories are all tainted. I don’t need anymore anguish I was already unstable before all this and now I’m a wreck, I can’t…’ He spluttered. ‘Function. I need your help.’
Alexander touched Barker’s arm.
‘Novak did this, she killed Morgan.’ Barker was terse as he refused to look Alexander in the eye. His feelings were so strong. They were leaking out.
‘Which one?’
‘Thirty years ago, she set a fire it killed everyone. All of Lipowski’s test subjects. It killed Morgan. She was only six, I was suppose to protect her and I failed. I failed her like I fail everyone!’
‘Really, thirty years ago, are you sure?’
‘Yes,’ Barker mumbled. The words did not make sense to him.
‘Why are you lying to me?’
‘It was my responsibility, I was the only one who chose to be there. I ran away from my grandfather. He screamed at me for Ellie’s death, I think that was my mother. Something about a knife or loss of control. He babbling like a mad fool. I was scared.’
‘That wasn’t your fault.’ Alexander’s face remained empathetic but his eyes were burdened as if his mind was whirling.
‘I’m not lying.’ Barker swallowed, even though his mouth was bone dry.
‘It’s okay, take your time.’
‘Thank you for saying that but I ran to the atrium. I was the reason Petunia and Francis were killed. They followed me. I was the reason the doctor was distracted. The reason Avery broke into the control room. Why Novak’s plan to escape failed. She started the fire to punish me. It was all because of me.’
‘You didn’t do it on purpose,’ Alexander seemed unsure as if he had sensed Barker’s dark desire.
‘The more I talk about it, the more detached I get.’ Barker tried to excuse his deadpan tone.
‘You can’t control the actions of others.’
‘I created this chaos now it’s coming back for me. And all these distractions won’t save me anymore.’
‘Don’t worry, Mr. Barker, they won’t come back for you,’ Alexander said. His comforting words were like a warm blanket.
‘There’s a block between me and the world. It’s too heavy to move. I know it’s a learned reaction to trauma but every sight and sound makes me cringe. All I associate life with is pain. I just want to avoid it, at all costs. I’m fighting against myself, to be the person I should be but I’m stuck with this useless person.’ Barker gritted his teeth before he whispered. ‘And it’s all my fault. There’s no way out so I become dull to it all once more.’
Alexander touched Barker’s forearm and gave him a soft smile.
‘My minds fighting against this mess but I can’t fix it. Frustratingly, it remains broken. Just like me.’ Barker rejected the kindness, he did not deserve it. All the things that had meaning, meant nothing now. They would never get their meaning back. Time would not retrace backwards. It would only speed up and take more things away.



43



Raven was drowning in Alexander’s dark eyes. Her pupils dilated as his fingertips gently stroked her cheek. The warmth of his touch made her quiver. His breath was replaced by his soft lips as he devoured her.
A doorbell broke her from her daydream. She looked around in shock, she had been on automatic pilot. Her fingers hovered by Alexander’s doorbell. In a trace she must have walked to the containment area. She hoped that she had been stealthy: Zero lived opposite and Delaney lived in the same containment block.
The anticipation of his delicate voice softly making its way to her ears was almost too much to bear. She had always felt strange but when she became an adult that feeling had twisted into loneliness. Recently it had been suffocating her.
‘Because you make me feel, you’re my obsession. I can’t rid you from my mind. Every look, every smile, everything from you, must be mine. All mine,’ Raven screamed at the door.
It opened. In that moment, she fell away from reality. It did not matter if she fell. She could cope with the devastation of rejection. But Alexander had something that she needed. She no longer cared if it destroyed them both, she wanted it. No matter what the cost, she would have it.
‘Did you say something?’ Alexander was bewildered.
Her face turned red as she scarcely avoided the embarrassing mistake. She was suddenly aware of how crazy she had become. Normally she would not act this way, she was the manipulator or the observer not the manipulated.
‘I still can’t access the information, only Nash has been allowed to investigate the cold cases.’ He stared at her. ‘I don’t understand why you still need it. What is it that you want to know?’
She reached out and touch his cheek with a tenderness that she had never used before.
‘You okay? You’re spacing out,’ his voice remained outside of her daydream.
‘I tried to free them so it could go boom.’ She laughed. ‘We’re both deadly, untouchable, damaged. Fake.’
Drawn to his lips, she pulled him closer than they had ever been. She was aware that it was an illusion but she could not stop it playing in her mind. The kiss started off surprisingly gentle. As soon as his lips brushed against hers, the passion and frenzy stole her mind. She fell into the doorframe.
‘Are you sick or something?’ Alexander grabbed Raven’s shoulders and steadied her.
‘Do you love me?’
‘We have work to do,’ he responded professionally as he released her. The response was too much for her, he was already destroying her fantasy.
‘Love and hate are so close that sometimes you can’t tell which one you’re getting or which one you want. I want all of you, especially the atrocious parts. I don’t want to constantly hang around, craving, searching for something that eludes me. It stifles me, my need is too tremendous.’ She felt like he was taking her into a state of mind that could not be controlled. Drawn to the damage that clung to him, he was perfect. She would risk it all just to be near. Every moment they spent apart would now kill her.
‘The doctor’s here, I think you need to see her.’
Raven pushed him against the wall and grabbed his jaw. ‘We do this my way.’
‘She has you wrapped around her little finger.’ Alexander flinched as she moved towards him. The reaction made her divert her trajectory. She kissed her hand instead.
Her eyes lingered on his face. She was trying to act normal but was tortured by her thoughts and insecurities. The urge to climb into his mind and live there was consuming her.
She could not think straight as she stormed through the tiny living room and into the kitchen. ‘You’re supposed to be recovering. If Erase finds out you’re still alive and that I saved you, then we’re both going to look even prettier than you do now… pretty dead that is.’
‘I saved you again. What the hell is wrong with you? You lose your sanity when Avery is around.’ Lipowski snapped as she delicately applied the makeup to her damaged face.
‘We’re no strangers to pain.’ Jealousy was a monster that Raven was finding harder to control. She wanted to be Lipowski. Anything was better than the alternative of being herself. She must have been born broken, she was like that before they ruined her and no amount of identity changes could stop her psyche from shattering.
‘Leave it alone.’
Raven laughed at the words and at her naivety. There was a time she had fallen for Lipowski’s intricate lies.
‘Which impulses do you find hardest to control?’ Alexander asked but Lipowski slowly shook her head.
Even her body language was deceitful.
‘Stop prevaricating,’ he remained professional as he tried to provoke her.
She continued to prevent a conversation from forming.
‘In what way is Cat helping you to curb your addiction?’
Lipowski’s haughtiness was pestering Raven.
‘Your addiction will be the death of you.’
‘My “addiction” as you like to call it, has helped more people than it has hurt,’ Lipowski said in anger as she waggled her finger at him.
‘Finally, a sentence, how do we make you feel when we demean your work?’ He controlled his reaction, he remained clinical. They had both suffered because Lipowski hid behind her justifications, hiding in her superior intellect. They shared a look of disgust. The small connection temporarily satisfied Raven’s yearning.
‘Cat, leave the adults to talk.’
‘Did you just insult me?’ Raven asked. Lipowski was always subtly insulting people even when they were not part of the conversation.
‘Yes,’ Lipowski was oblivious.
‘Cat, please can you give us a moment?’ Alexander asked politely. As long as Raven remained in the room, Lipowski would use her to deflect.
Raven retreated. His house was modest considering his position. He did not seem to value material possessions.
The photos of his family caught her eye. Strangers were smiling out at her but she felt disconnected from them. She tried to guess who they were. It felt unnatural to be so far away from every version of him.
Alexander’s thunderous voice frightened her. There was something in his tone that made her feel like she needed to protect him.
Even though he was the one that was yelling, she sprinted back into the kitchen.
‘Lipowski. When things get too real, you resort to obfuscation,’ he stripped her of her pretentious title.
‘Doctor,’ Lipowski said before she finished the rest of the sentence under her breath. ‘You think I’m colluding with your enemies.’
He looked exasperated, all the chances he was giving her were being thrown back in his face. ‘I think you are the enemy.’
‘Pertinent information. Novak set the fire twenty years ago. I didn’t kill all those people, she did. I’m the victim here,’ Lipowski pointed to then circled her face. ‘Follow the edict or suffer the consequences.’
‘Mmm that’s the same name as the man you had an affair with. Another dead child perhaps? At least they were saved from becoming your lab rat. Like Hutton.’
‘You think you know it all, you know nothing, you are nothing.’
‘Just described yourself.’
‘The Morgan’s and the Hutton’s both disobeyed, and were utterly destroyed. Haven’t you learnt that important lesson yet? Dean, disobey, dead. Experiment EN11 is a canard.’
‘You’re sabotaging the investigation,’ Alexander ignored the warning and continued to attack. ‘There’s the bad behaviour and here comes the justification?’
‘I’ll disregard that lapse in judgement but Cooper won’t be so forgiving.’
‘Nope. She’s just going to be dismissive then threaten you.’ Raven shook her head.
‘I’m not going to lie.’ Lipowski was too overwrought to listen to them.
‘But you’re about too,’ Alexander muttered.
‘She’s the epitome of honesty and integrity.’ Raven stared into her mother’s dead eyes. ‘Empty, your lies. Your heart, you’re all empty.’



44



Alexander was dragging his feet. Even though he needed the distraction, the last place he wanted to be was at work. His eyes were bloodshot from a fitful night’s sleep. The sheets in his bed had twisted around his body just like his nightmares had twisted his mind.
Kershaw’s bright red cheeks and porcelain skin were enhanced by a big smile that gave life to her once defeated and dark features.
‘There’s something different about you.’ He frowned. ‘Did you change your hair?’
‘Zoe’s in danger,’ she spoke through her frozen smile. Her eyes looked violet in the light.
‘Yes I like it,’ he said.
‘Welcome back,’ Cooper’s voice echoed around the large space. They heard him before they saw him strutting towards them.
Fantastic to be back so you can ignore me and undermine my opinion. The job’s not as hard as you make it, Alexander thought. He did not bother replying, it would be a lie anyway.
‘Perry quit. He said those weren’t the two words he wanted to say the most to me but they would do,’ Cooper looked relieved. ‘He couldn’t handle how close the killer got to him.’
Alexander walked away.
‘Next time don’t go near Lipowski. Just tell them I said you’re fit for work.’ Cooper followed and slapped Alexander on the back. ‘Stay away from her.’
‘Chief.’ Alexander was reeling in more ways than one.
‘I wanted to um I meant to call uh didn’t want to disturb you,’ Kershaw adorably stumbled over her words.
He winked at her when Cooper was out of earshot.
‘Zoe’s on an undercover assignment with Lipowski. I don’t know anything more.’ Kershaw pressed her lips together as Delaney strode up to them.
‘I missed you so much,’ Delaney said as he wrapped an arm around Alexander.
‘Yeah,’ Alexander smiled briefly as he pushed Delaney away. ‘I didn’t.’
‘Talk later,’ she said over her shoulder.
Alexander nodded as he watched her disappear.
‘So use to seeing you every minute of every day. I’ve missed you,’ Delaney pouted as Alexander finally managed to pull away. ‘Did you hear loser’s gone? He quit like a p… are you listening?’
Alexander continued to fidget.
‘You know PM_98 is in jail again. He wants you to visit him.’
‘Why am I not surprised?’
‘Apparently, he killed Fincher’s son Riesman. He makes poison,’ Delaney licked his lips as if he was turned on by the word. ‘Very unique mixture, very effective. A feast for the eyes under a microscope. Do you know what that means?’
‘Let me guess Erase solved the case?’ Alexander rolled his eyes.
‘Did you hear that Cooper might be retiring soon, it’s a forced one.’ Delaney quickly changed the subject.
‘You hear, as in gossip or you know, as in a fact?’
‘I hear.’ Delaney’s cheek bulged as he subtly poked his tongue at Alexander. ‘Looks like there’ll be a vacancy pretty soon, you want it?’
‘What level of incompetence do you need to have to qualify because you would be perfect, wouldn’t you agree?’
‘Um,’ Delaney struggled. ‘Why are you so grumpy? Is it cause you look like s… Hey, did you just call me incompetent?’
‘Yes, like five years ago. Anyway, did Nash ask for your help on the cold cases?’
‘I’m the last person he would ask.’ Delaney squinted, his whole face contorted as if he was trying to solve a puzzle. ‘But no not from anyone. Why are you so interested in cold cases?’
‘Curiosity. They don’t want me to see it so naturally,’ Alexander shrugged. ‘I want to see it.’
Delaney smiled.
‘Was there any damage to Eddie’s apartment?’
‘A broken mirror. No other signs of a struggle, why?’
‘Sometimes,’ Alexander stared at Delaney. ‘I wonder who you work for?’
‘Does it matter? As long as our interests align.’
‘And do they?’
‘Where’s your other half?’ Delaney looked around Alexander. ‘Is she dealing with some underlying resentment?’
‘You’ll be dealing with some underlying resentment in a minute,’ Alexander mumbled. ‘And you won’t find her down there hugging my feet.’
‘Won’t I?’ Delaney flicked Alexander’s ear. ‘That’s where she normally is.’
‘Take a hike,’ he swatted Delaney’s hand away. ‘Off a cliff.’
Delaney smiled.
‘How’s the case going?’ Cooper grabbed Delaney’s shoulder and squeezed.
‘It was Barker sir, Erase arrested him.’
‘Weren’t they the ones who let him out to begin with?’
‘Yeah,’ Delaney grimaced. ‘Best not to mention that otherwise they said they would divulge the fact that Zoe was meant to be protecting Riesman at the time he was brutally murdered.’
Cooper winced, ‘Does Fincher know?’
‘Do you want her to find out?’ Delaney raised an eyebrow.
‘No that would be bad.’
‘Right well,’ Delaney scratched his nose. ‘Avery knows so… I’m guessing Fincher does too.’
‘Drat,’ Cooper glanced at Alexander. ‘How many of the murders can be attributed to Barker?’
‘All of them sir,’ Alexander tried to find a way to bring up the subject he really wanted to talk about.
‘Any cases?’
‘Only the undercover operation that Zoe and Lipowski are on. How is that going?’
Cooper stared at Alexander. ‘Hmm.’
‘What is the purpose of that operation?’
‘To find Avery. We had a tip off that she was in a rehabilitation center on the outskirts of town.’
‘For smoking?’
‘How do you know about that?’
‘Reports.’ Alexander answered a little too quickly.
‘Then you’ll also know that there’s a warrant out for Zero’s arrest.’
‘Zoe? For what?’ Alexander felt numb. There was a niggling feeling that he had ignored.
‘Murder.’
‘Technically she doesn’t exist anymore.’
‘I need you to be objective not subjective about this situation. Can you?’ Cooper’s voice was strident.
‘Don’t be pedantic, let him grieve.’
‘Murder?’ Alexander repeated the news but he did not believe it.
‘If you say it then it must be true,’ Delaney mumbled sardonically.
‘Don’t go saying this wouldn’t have happened if you knew about the operation or if you were her backup. Everyone makes their own choices. But we all have to deal with the consequences of her actions.’
‘Chief?’ Alexander scrubbed his face. ‘Who did she kill?’
‘That information is classified. And even if it wasn’t officially she doesn’t exist anymore.’
‘Where is she now?’
‘That information is classified.’ Cooper smirked. ‘But my guess is she’s already dead. Erase doesn’t hesitate on these matters. Remember it for next time. As a detective you’re a deity so act like one or you’ll find out how mortal you really are.’



45



Alexander pinched his nose as the smell of excrement filled the tiny space. His feet were sticking to the filthy floor. The room was meant to be a dull grey but decades of neglect had brought with it an assortment of mouldy green and black spots.
‘Are you having a good morning? I am now I’ve seen your pretty face,’ Barker’s sarcastic comment made Alexander’s blood boil.
‘Unbelievable.’
‘Silence only tortures people who have a conscience.’ Barker’s innocence was replaced by the poison that corrupted his every action and word.
‘And you don’t have one? Why did you tell me everything then?’ Alexander shook his head in disappointment.
‘I should reflect and change, right? There’s a problem with that logic,’ Barker was giddy; he was too arrogant for a caged animal. ‘I don’t wanna.’
‘This is your punishment for talking.’ Alexander stated.
‘No. It’s my punishment for creating that magnificent poison that I gave to your enemies. The poison that killed all those people. Stop looking for the humanity in me,’ Barker’s disingenuous nature was repellant. ‘There isn’t any.’
‘Will they protect you if you keep your mouth shut?’
‘I didn’t know Cooper as such. He always gave me a polite smile but I wasn’t his so I guess he couldn’t do or say anything to me.’
Alexander did not want to respond.
‘This is way too much silence for strangers. I’m uncomfortable.’
‘Fine,’ Alexander relented, ‘What does Cooper have to do with anything?’
‘Where is he? Right now, where is he?’ Barker smirked when Alexander shook his head. ‘His insanity is a malicious mask.’
‘Do you know where you are?’ Alexander did not understand how someone could lose themselves so completely.
‘His fractured mind was no accident.’
‘And your imprisonment was equally intentional. Which one do you think I’m talking about? The first, second, third…’
‘No comment.’
‘Do you know where Zoe is?’
‘Why do you care?’ Barker studied Alexander.
‘No comment,’ Alexander echoed the previous answer.
‘Has someone left you again? You’re just doomed to be alone forever,’ Barker prodded at Alexander’s weak spot but he controlled his reaction.
‘You act like you’re in control? But we all know, you can’t make a move without her,’ Alexander retorted.
‘Wrong person,’ Barker smirked through his anger. ‘My weakness isn’t control. It amuses me how stupid you are.’
‘Oh I know your weakness. And now you’re languishing in it.’
‘You’re about to regret every action and move you’ve ever made,’ Barker exploded.
‘This behaviour is so beneath you.’
‘Just because you lament your role doesn’t mean I do.’
Alexander ignored the outburst. ‘Delaney said he found you in your room, evidence suggests that you barely left it. Your white complexion, red eyes, sensitivity to light. A shell of your former self, PM_98.’
‘PM_98?’ Barker repeated without comprehending its significance.
‘Hiding away from the problem is only making it worse. What are you searching for?’
‘A bullet, preferably with a gun around it.’ There was a momentous change in Barker’s body language and tone.
‘So you can shoot your way out? You can’t find what you’re looking for if you don’t know what it is. You were resoundingly exquisite as a human but this creature before me,’ Alexander knitted his brow. ‘Is empty.’
‘If we took your empathy away you would be just like me.’ Barker gritted his teeth. ‘No different.’
‘My empathy is me.’ Alexander spoke softly. ‘I do see aspects of my personality when I look at you. Maybe that’s why I feel the need to defend you as if I’m defending the darkest parts of my psyche. But if I admit that, then I’ll have to face all the things I hide from, all the things that can destroy me with a mere whisper.’
‘You don’t know what I went through.’
‘What went wrong? And how are you going to use it to justify your actions? Will you hide beneath it forever?’ Alexander asked but silence was the only answer, ‘What excuse is worth your health and happiness?’
‘Encased in hate or fear,’ Barker’s eyes softened. ‘They’re putty in their hands.’
‘And once they corrupt, they kill. Fear’s the thief that has stolen all those moments you want but can’t quite reach.’
‘If you can’t love me completely, then don’t bother. The doctor loved it all.’
‘She only loves what she can control.’
Barker’s head smashed into the table but jolted up like a jack-in-a-box. The words made him livid, he was grinding his teeth into dust.
‘You hide behind them. If I can see it then you defiantly can.’ Alexander saw a brief glimpse of vulnerability. ‘You reek of your master.’
Barker bared his teeth. ‘You never once asked me who the doctor was,’ he said as the emotion left and his eyes returned to their lifeless state.
‘She is,’ Alexander smiled and nodded. ‘Irrelevant.’
‘Loved, loves, was, is,’ Barker raised his eyebrows. ‘Interesting.’
‘Not really. Unless,’ Alexander dragged out the word as he waited for Barker to figure it out.
Barker was stupefied.
‘She’s still alive.’ Alexander raised an eyebrow. ‘You didn’t know? Because Lipowski didn’t tell you or someone lied to you?’
Barker looked like he was reliving his memories but seeing some of them for the first time. ‘W… ha,’ his voice was staccato. He blocked most of his reaction but not all of it as his blank expression returned.
‘They don’t care about you. It kills you that you can’t change that.’
‘You’re not disappointed in me but yourself. That’s the agitation that won’t let you rest. With time, you’re fading away. You’re so close to death now, you can reach out and touch it.’ Barker reached out but the restraints snapped his wrist back.
‘Your words are a reflection of your character not mine.’ He stood and quickly headed towards the exit.
‘Where’s Raven?’ Barker was uncomfortable.
‘Ask your lawyer. You just traded one cage for another.’ Alexander looked over his shoulder just in time to see Barker recoil.
‘If you don’t see it then you can’t see it. If you can’t see it then you’re not fighting it. Distractions, distractions everywhere but not enough to live on. Just enough to realise you’ve got an appetite for it, not for the substitute but for something more, something real.’
Alexander felt the walls close in. They were trapping him with this tragic creature. Alexander did not challenge Barker to return but let him run from his humanity into the silence that his distractions provided. The horror of tragedy dissipated into unprecedented hatred as Alexander let the broken remain.
Raven appeared in a black pantsuit with a black wig, dark contacts, and foundation that was slathered on.
‘You’ve got a strong case for insanity,’ Alexander said. ‘Get Lipowski to fix him because clearly she’s the one that broke him.’
Raven smiled curtly and continued to walk past him.
‘What, too busy with killers who choose to destroy people but aren’t too keen on having the favour returned to them. You’re wasting your precious time.’ He wanted a reaction from her but she continued to ignore him. ‘I want Barker to undergo a psychological evaluation.’
‘Excuse me?’ She spun to face him. ‘Barker will be furious, he fears doctors more than confinement.’
‘I know.’
‘What game are you playing?’
‘Same question. Who are you suppose to be today?’ He teased her.
Raven wiped her face.
‘Perhaps you’re trying to wipe off the lies or the pressure that comes from maintaining them?’
They had bonded because they lived in a fantasy world. It was a sad reflection of their reality yet still they ran to it. They did not want to face the guilt that their selfishness had caused. But now the lies that lay between them caused a divide that neither of them wanted to cross.
‘I love the pressure and the only lies I tell are the ones I choose too,’ Raven was back to her old sassy self. ‘If you need something to repeat back what you want to hear, get a tape recorder or a parrot.’
‘Did you kill with Barker and Perry?’ Alexander studied her. She had shown him that his words and actions reflected a strong character. Not the weak and worthless one they had tried to make him become. It felt wrong to suspect her.
‘No. I was too busy juggling all the identities Lipowski gave me. Why would you ask such a question?’
‘You may have a leaky pipe.’
‘Well I’ll be sure to fix that straight away.’ Raven strutted away.
‘They already have your replacement lined up,’ Alexander whispered. ‘You just don’t see it yet.’



46



Barker was left alone in the dank prison. It was a peculiar feeling. On one hand he was comforted by the familiar and on the other he was petrified. He was released from their poison but his mind was captured by the trauma.
‘Tell me you’ll come back even if it’s a lie,’ Barker mumbled as he tried to give life to his wish.
The door opened but it was not who he expected. ‘What do you want?’ His half-sister viciously asked.
‘I was framed, I swear.’
‘Tell someone that cares, Alexander if you can find him.’ Zero turned to leave.
‘Who would you be, if I was adopted by the Ashingden’s and you lived with BB_59 would you be like me? I would defiantly be better than you,’ Barker looked her up and down.
‘What do you want?’ Zero relented but instead of sitting, she stood over him.
‘I want the life that would’ve been mine, your life.’ He studied her reaction to the words.
Zero laughed. ‘Oh, you’re serious?’
‘Of course, why wouldn’t I be?’ He hated her annoying laugh more than her presence but it was a necessary evil. For years, he thought he had all the information, knowledge and power he needed to annihilate his enemies. Somewhere along the way one of his allies had lied to him. Now he was dubious about everything.
‘That’s not correct, PM_98, you’re Preston Morgan.’
‘What? I’m a legacy, a Morgan. I could’ve been rich?’
‘Boohoo, the world doesn’t owe you anything. Stop crying and whining and take responsibility for your own life. Go live it instead of ruining other people’s lives based on the misery you can’t leave behind.’
‘You owe me, you don’t know what it was like. What they made me do,’ Barker’s face softened. ‘It’s the ones you love that kill… hurt you the most.’
‘Why do you hate me? Because I won’t let you play the victim,’ Zero refused to buy into the doubt that he was selling. ‘I won’t let you hide from the emotions that are building up inside you. Release them before they kill you.’
‘Don’t I deserve to be happy? Don’t I deserve love?’
‘Everything is all your fault. It all comes back to you. Every decision, every mistake was yours and now they belong to all of us.’
Barker felt pressure inside his head and eyes. His neck was stiff and the lights were suddenly too bright. He felt like he might faint but he could not verbalise his feelings. The chills accompanied his dizzy feeling and blurry vision. His ears started to ring while a group of opposing thoughts made it difficult to think clearly. He had to do something before he lost himself again.
‘You’ve taken the punishment for their actions again.’
‘Exactly,’ he said as he lamented agreeing with her. ‘I was controlled by weak, and naïve puppets who masqueraded as intelligent but they were just smug fools. This isn’t my fault.’
‘Don’t go hiding behind the strings when it suits you,’ she said as she walked to the door. ‘The truth is always free. It’s the lies that cost you.’
‘Truth be told, I’m bored.’ His face changed with his personality.
‘The truth from a liar doesn’t mean much,’ Zero turned to face him.
‘I’m such a liar, even I don’t know the truth anymore,’ Barker had something in his hand. It moved unexpectedly and quickly. He flinched as he realised he had not thrown it. The sharpened toothbrush plunged into his neck.
Zero’s surprise quickly turned into contempt. ‘He made his choice. Leave him to it,’ she said to the guards.
The guards ignored her and rushed forward.
Barker was careful not to move. His hand remained near his neck. Afraid that the guards might pull out the weapon, and then he would bleed to death. He had spent most of his time caged in a punishment that he did not deserve. Lipowski would be there for him, back from the dead, she owed him that much.
‘Governor 82, XF_00 Fincher. Who was his last visitor?’ He heard the sweet voice of Cat.
‘Officially D48 AE_11 Alexander Enfield,’ Fincher said as the guards rushed past them.
‘And unofficially?’ The woman asked but it was not Cat, it was his lawyer Ruby Morgan.
‘D121 Zero. Do you know her?’
‘The child that came from no where, just showed up at the atrium one day. Mysterious,’ Ruby said as Barker looked at her.
He thought of the perfect revenge. As they smiled together, he realised that she had too.
‘Say it was Zero that stabbed him.’
‘The timing is off, she’s already wanted for murder. They’ll know it’s a set up.’ Fincher moaned.
‘Who?’
‘Alexander and Delaney.’
‘Delaney will keep the secret but Alexander…’
‘Will have to die.’ Fincher smiled. ‘What evidence is there? We’ll need something.’
‘That’s why I punched her in the face a while back. For this,’ Ruby opened a plastic bag and placed a spot of blood onto her leather gloves.
‘The only person I ever saw punch Zero was Raven, not you.’ Barker squinted as she walked towards him. ‘Novak?’
‘She’s dead,’ Raven tried to lie but she winced.
‘Novak was suppose to be their Raven but she died from blood loss when…’ Barker gasped. ‘I stabbed her.’
‘Avery saved you with the sprinklers but not before she made sure that the fire I set killed Lipowski’s patients. That trick didn’t work because Lipowski knew she was being manipulated. She saved me after you and Avery left me to bleed to death.’
‘So that wasn’t a dream,’ Barker’s eyes flickered as he pieced his memories together. ‘Who did I use to be?’
‘D288 Perry isn’t a fake identity so he can’t be P. Morgan. Who is P. Morgan, I wonder?’ Raven’s sarcastic tone made him flinch.
‘That’s me, right? I’m a Morgan?’ Barker’s face turned red. ‘It’s your fault they stole my identity. It was a punishment for what you did. Not only did you try to burn me to death. You stole my life and they gave me this stupid Barker identity because of you!’
‘I asked Perry to stir the pot a little, ever wonder why Braxton hated you so much?’
He felt his blood boil.
‘Yeah, Perry killed Ellie and made Braxton think that you did it, genius.’ Raven beamed. ‘Revenge is vile and so am I.’
‘Wasn’t Ellie already dead before I hurt you?’
‘Your memories are so muddled.’
‘We’ve worked on this for thirty years and you ruin it in a matter of minutes.’ Fincher grumbled.
‘Prep work took a while but I finally get to see you suffer.’ Raven grinned.
‘All you had to do was keep your mouth shut and this would’ve been an attempted murder.’ Fincher shook her head.
The betrayal was written on Raven’s face. It was visible even through the mask. She walked up to him and ripped out the weapon.
As Raven removed the only thing that was holding back his blood, she smiled, ‘No one protected you in life, so why should your death be any different?’



47



Zoe’s daydream was interrupted by Ms. Still’s obnoxious voice. They were at the hospital because their vices had consumed their lives. The consequences could no longer be ignored. Now they had to face the mess.
‘This moment is worth more than my life.’ Ms. Still was sitting on the tiled floor. There was plenty of chairs to sit on and only five people in the room. Yet she sat as far away from them as humanely possible and Mr. Fog sat so close to Zoe that she could count the hairs on his nose.
‘Ms. Stan Dean Still. Standing still. What’s your real name?’ Mr. Fog asked as he jumped up and down, unable to control his withdrawal.
‘Frog, what’s the point of an alias genius, if I tell you my real name?’ Ms. Still paused. Her lungs were full of death as her eyes locked onto Zoe’s, ‘What are you looking at tecty?’
Zoe looked away. The greenhouse was suffocating but the view was amazing. Tangled threads of vines looped their way down the entire structure. It was a beautiful collage of green. But inside was a mess of shattered people and broken glass.
‘It’s Fog. Is it that bad, what you did, that you need an alias?’ Sweat dripped down past his eyes. They were begging and searching for their next fix.
‘I don’t want to be here, in this hell. Not for one second longer. Take me away from here or I’ll swim across the ocean to escape it. I don’t even care if I drown. Let me go, I can’t stand this misery,’ the unhinged man was screaming at the top of his lungs. Another failed experiment.
‘There’s no ocean for miles,’ Mr. Fog glanced at Lipowski.
Ms. Still laughed.
‘It’s an ocean that came from my tears—’
The words were cut short as the orderlies drugged and dragged him away. They were efficient but belligerent.
‘F—’
‘Language,’ the doctor warned.
‘—king newbie,’ Ms. Still said. ‘We’re all the same. You must pay. Even you, tecty nought. Especially you.’
‘I know the cost, I’ve lived with it, gladly paid it a million times. My denial was not able to cover the burden of that choice. As my mind fought to stay above the thoughts that my choices allowed. My actions driving away pain that I can no longer stand,’ Zoe trembled. They assumed she was looking down on them. In truth, she was trying to help them so she could heal a part of herself.
Ms. Still rolled her harsh eyes. ‘Change the record.’ She was a druggie who played Russian roulette with her life, now she wanted to play with Zoe’s.
‘Missing out on those precious people that could make me live! Stuck in this place. Colin,’ Zoe’s voice broke. The thought was completed in her head. No one was listening. She tried to focus on a distant memory and the emotions that accompanied it but she was breaking out of the act.
‘Colin, Colin, Colin,’ Ms. Still’s warped voice grated on Zoe’s last nerve. ‘That’s the only word she knows. But this doesn’t sound like grief to me. It sounds like guilt. Tell me, did you kill him?’
Zoe was too trapped within her conflicting feelings to respond, she had no idea what to say or do.
‘Please continue,’ Lipowski said gently through her damaged lips.
Zoe frowned at Lipowski.
‘Let me in so I can help you.’
‘Sorry I can’t.’ Zoe mumbled. ‘Be bothered.’
‘Tell me something Doctor, have you ever climbed so far into your sorrow that you stand face to face with your own insanity?’ Mr. Fog’s shoulders hit Zoe as he rocked back and forth.
‘I stare into insanity all day every day. Don’t let your empathy for others fill you with their pain,’ Lipowski’s words swirled around Zoe but the pain she put Hutton through weighed heavily on her mind.
Zoe did not want the assignment, she was exhausted and could not face it anymore especially without Alexander’s support. He would be furious when he learnt that she had been put in a position she was not qualified for. She could not act to save her life. Her body language always betrayed her, and Lipowski was the last person she wanted to be her back-up.
The damage that littered Lipowski’s face was from the mistake she made on her last assignment. Her track record was one failure after another. The makeup was not hiding anything.
‘Wake up, tecty,’ Ms. Still’s pursed and leathery mouth was demanding through a cloud of hatred.
‘The last thing I need is Still’s guttural vomit-inducing, triple gagging, stop-start poisonous drivel. Balderdash ignoramus,’ Zoe spat. Her patience was already at an all-time low.
‘Hey Detective Zero, you’d better watch your mouth or my fist will watch it for you!’ Ms. Still yelled.
Not even an hour in and their covers were blown. The nickname suddenly made sense, Ms. Still had known the truth from the beginning. Zoe tried to control her reaction, she was doing better than Lipowski.
It was written all over Lipowski’s face, sweat was dripping down. Exposing tiny cracks in an otherwise perfect mask.
‘Just do what everyone else does and hide behind all your lies and their illusions, stop trying to be better than us. Then you can fit in,’ Mr. Fog suggested.
‘I’m late for my next session,’ Lipowski sprinted for the door. True to form, she left Zoe to fend for herself.
The intensity of the sun made Zoe feel like she was going to pass out. An excruciating pain tighten around her chest; although it was intense, it was nothing when compared with what she had endured. She braced herself for an attack. The stress took her away from conscious thought and into her instincts. Her feet shifted beneath her as her muscles tensed up. It was not long before her fears were confirmed.
‘My friend doesn’t like you.’ Mr Fog leant towards Zoe and smiled. ‘A little hint people don’t like it when you spy on them. How long have you been her stalker?’
She flinched.
‘I like feisty people but not sneaky ones. What do you want?’ He asked.
She felt his eyes wander around her neck.
‘I’ll start. I’m bored and I want to kill you.’ His demeanour irked her.
‘Want but can’t,’ she said.
‘Oh you don’t know what I’m capable of.’ His eyes were leering at her but resting mostly on her neck. ‘Hmm, not shaking in fear. Impressive.’
Their eyes met.
She studied him intently as she searched every inch of his face, ‘Perry?’ Her eyes sparkled with recognition.
Perry nervously adjusted his jaw. Zoe followed his eyeline down to Ms. Still.
There was something familiar about the woman’s twisted features. Zoe recognised the leathery mouth.
‘Avery… Alexander?’ Zoe stared at Avery, ‘But you look so much like Amy Arkin, did you kill her and steal her identity?’
‘We are all something we’re not, Zero.’
‘I’m a lie. How can you steal a lie?’ Avery smirked. ‘Well… perhaps you can.’
Perry pressed his finger to his lips. ‘Don’t give away all our secrets.’
‘Lipowski?’ Zoe said as she realised she had walked into their trap.
‘It’s a mistake to trust a doctor that experiments on dummies,’ Avery tilted her head as she screwed up her nose. ‘And her own children.’
Zoe felt pressure on her neck as a familiar sensation crept towards her head.
‘Would you like some poison?’ Perry smiled as he removed the needle. ‘Arsenic was your favourite, wasn’t it?’



48



Kershaw looked into Cooper’s eyes and saw a stranger. At first it felt safe to meet him in such a secluded spot. But as she looked at him, she regretted her misplaced trust in a person that no longer existed.
‘What’s wrong? You said Alexander was in danger. From?’ She looked him up and down.
‘From me, no, not from men women. Do you feel, have you felt or will you feel? Chaos is life, life is fear, and fear is control. Who controls you? Me I you him,’ Cooper went from normal to wild in a second. ‘Her, crazy crazy, himself.’
‘You’ve been poisoned, take this.’ Kershaw held out the vial. Her hand trembled against the hit as the vial shattered on the ground.
‘I don’t know why it has to be this way but it just does.’ His sad smile broke her heart. ‘How’s your mother?’
‘What? She was murdered, after you and Lipowski had an affair.’
‘I didn’t.’
‘Lipowski told me the truth.’
‘What is truth? Is it not someone’s point of view and who’s to say that they are correct in their assumptions? Has their view been warped by their bias? Shaped by another? Unknown even to themselves?’
‘She lied,’ she slapped her forehead as she cursed her own stupidity. ‘After all these years, why am I still surprised?’
‘Because that would make sense. And nothing about you does.’
‘Invalidating,’ she mumbled.
‘Oh sweet death, why do you make me wait? Let me feel your cold embrace so that I may be dead inside and out.’ Cooper grabbed his hair and started to tear it out. His fat frame contorted in unnatural ways as he lost himself to insanity.
‘You need help,’ she ignored her own safety as concern for him replaced her fear.
‘No, if you make me crawl in to rip you out of there.’ He lifted his head. The madness was gone.
‘Huh?’ She turned to see what he was staring at, Lipowski was behind her.
‘Then you’re going to regret it.’ He tittered.
‘Lipowski, I am so glad you’re here, there is something wrong with him.’
‘There’s something wrong with all of us,’ Lipowski replied as her words made Kershaw’s smile drop.
‘What?’ Kershaw’s confusion turned into fear. ‘I think I should go.’
‘No, the bills due love.’ Lipowski laughed before she grabbed Kershaw’s hair and yanked it back. ‘It’s time to pay.’



49



The car was stifling but Alexander did not care about his own wellbeing. An enormous sadness gripped his heart. He felt the pendulum of hate and blame swing from Lipowski to Cooper, before it finally came to rest on him. Unable to move, he gazed at the flowers. His mind would not give him access to his body, he was stuck glaring into death.
‘Eight, nine, six, three, six, seven, nine, six, eight.’ Alexander spoke into the device.
‘Come with me,’ Raven stuck her head through his window.
‘Technically you’re going with me.’ He continued to stare into the abyss.
‘Surprised they gave you another car after last time.’ She grabbed his face and turned it towards her. ‘Eddie was surprisingly popular. Why are you outside his building? What are you doing here?’
‘Mourning. What do you want?’ He was exasperated.
‘I know you’re feeling—’
‘Maybe you understand my feelings but you don’t care, if you want to make me feel better just go away and never come back.’ He gripped the steering wheel until his knuckles turned white.
‘You don’t mean that.’ She looked into his eyes and sighed. ‘Okay maybe you do. You should be nicer to me, if you want Zero to live you’ll come with me.’
‘Zoe,’ he corrected her. ‘Is that a threat?’
‘If that was a threat you wouldn’t need to ask.’
There was something foreboding about the way she said it that made him glad it was not one.
‘Do you know about Perry?’ She dropped her hand away from his face but he did not turn away.
‘Is that a serious question?’ Alexander asked as he stared past her mask, she was fuming. ‘You protected him this whole time, why stop now? What’s changed?’
‘You don’t seem surprised, because you don’t believe me or you already knew?’ Her shoulder twitched.
‘Maybe I know and I don’t believe you.’
‘That doesn’t make sense,’ her head slowly turned away from his harsh words and violently shook. ‘Do you know where she is?’
‘In the morgue, I imagine.’
‘Atrium and no, she’s not dead.’ Her formidable stare was perturbing.
He gave a nonchalant shrug.
‘Kershaw was watching the Landyns when they died. As the fire raged out of control. She never helped anyone,’ Raven’s eyes crept back over to him and studied his face.
‘And?’ Alexander asked.
‘Fine you don’t care about that. But Zoe’s not dead.’ Raven grimaced, ‘Even if you don’t trust me, if there’s the slightest chance she’s alive and in trouble, why wouldn’t you find out for sure?’
‘I know where they live.’
‘Do you? Or do you know what they want you to think you know?’ She spoke to him like he was ignorant or an infant, either way the stupid emphasis on key words was starting to rile him.
‘I know more than what you think I know, I don’t need you.’
‘Yes, you do. You’ll always need me,’ Raven’s eyes cut through him. ‘The atrium is remote, you can’t access it.’
‘Obviously, then by all means lead the way.’
‘Thought you didn’t trust me, do you?’ She asked. He could see the gears turning in her head.
‘I don’t but as I said I know more than what you think I know,’ he said. Staring into her eyes, he wondered when the conversation would be over.
‘Fair enough, my place or yours?’
‘Get in the car.’
She tumbled through the window and trampled him. ‘I thought you would never ask.’
‘The other side, seriously we don’t have time for your failed attempts at flirting.’ He rolled his eyes; she shuffled slightly but remained on top of him.
‘I have all the time in the world,’ she removed the distance between them and whispered as if it was a secret. Her mouth danced between smiles as if she was relishing the closeness.
His arm went around her waist as he started the car, ‘Can you do me a favour?’
Smiling she started to slowly move towards him.
‘Try to fathom the meaning of no,’ he pushed her forehead away and nodded towards the passenger’s seat.
She made a face full of contempt and disappointment before she spun elegantly into the seat.
He slammed his foot on the accelerator. The force pushed her into the seat. He smirked as he braked.
Scowling at him, she readjusted. ‘Lipowski’s dead, Avery killed her when she found out about Aaron and Lipowski’s very long affair.’
‘And how would she find out about that?’
‘Don’t worry about it Lipowski killed her son. She deserved death.’ Raven hesitated as she studied him. ‘I told her so she would spare my life. See I tried to kill your mother twice or more but Lipowski intervened on one of the attempts.’
‘Maybe next time, try a little harder. Save us all the grief and agony that comes from her prolonged existence.’ Alexander shook his head as he tried to process the information. ‘How did Aaron and Mandy die?’
‘Thought you’d never ask. The atrium is inaccessible to anyone other than the one who made it,’ she paused and raised an eyebrow.
‘Cooper.’
‘And the one it was made for,’ she tilted her head.
Alexander was confused.
‘Oh you don’t know,’ Raven laughed. ‘It was for Lipowski.’
‘Why would he do that? He hates her.’
‘Ha, do you know when the atrium was built? Forty years ago, what else happened on that date?’
‘Cassidy Cooper was killed.’
‘In return for the atrium being built, Lipowski swore to protect his mother. The atrium was built but Cassidy died. That’s why he hates her, she lied to him and just between us,’ Raven whispered. ‘She was the one that ordered the hit and completed it.’
‘She killed his mother, why?’
‘Not why but how.’ She rested her head on his arm. ‘Find out how she killed Sam Enfield’s wife at the height of his power. The why is obvious.’
‘To cover a lie.’
‘Petunia offered up her twins but her sister, Cassidy was in the way. You would’ve liked Cassidy, you remind me of her sometimes. Her first concern was never herself. The opposite of Petunia. Selfish b—’
‘The atrium?’
‘Ah, everyone else will die. Whether you’re breaking in or breaking out.’
‘Then how are we going to get in?’
‘With great difficulty. Why do you think the fire was started? It was the only way out.’
‘And who started the fire, I wonder?’
‘Who indeed.’ Raven’s smile was demonic.



50



Zoe filled her lungs with salty air and fell back into the relentless breeze. The transparent moon was hidden as half of it faded into the pale blue sky. She stood with her back to the sand dunes while tiny grains of sand pelted her exposed legs. The ferocity of the wind turned the harmless grains into weapons. Her legs stung. She was transfixed by the loose grains that swirled over the wet sand. It looked like the sea was so magnetic that the sand could not resist flowing into it. She dragged her feet through the grey carpet of clumpy slush. It stuck to her as she burrowed beneath it until the illusion broke.
The only noise Zoe could hear was a sharp intake of air every three seconds. Her eyes skimmed across the room. Every surface was covered in black spots. She groaned when she saw the wall of mirrors. Her past threatened to burrow its way back into her mind.
‘I’ll be dead soon,’ she mumbled.
A thunderous crash replaced her squeaking voice.
She felt a stab of guilt. The body was indistinguishable from the gaudy green interior. Her voice was sore from ranting and screaming at Perry. The tears burned her eyes. She could still smell the blood that had cascaded down her face.
‘Do you know why?’ Perry asked perplexed.
‘I’ll be dead soon.’ Zoe repeated as she twisted against her bindings but the more she struggled the tighter they got. Perry knew how to incapacitate his victims. Her elbows, wrists, waist, thighs and ankles were all bound. She felt an unfamiliar feeling of terror.
‘What from?’ His forehead crinkled. Most days he would drink himself into a stupor now his crumpled face matched his damaged body.
‘Poison.’
‘Could’ve been anything really but you’ll never know.’ He laughed before he became serious. ‘We’ll never do anything for your benefit.’
‘You’re not capable of it.’ Her bare feet were numb and stuck to the mysterious liquids that littered the floorboards. It was rotting away into the chilling ground below.
‘True.’ His twisted heart warped his face. ‘So bad news.’
She felt his downward gaze. ‘I want to step back into my memories and erase you, you spoil.’
‘What bad news?’ Perry said in a high-pitched voice. Trying to mimic Zoe, he wanted her to react but they ignored each other.
‘No one sees you, no one cares.’ She felt an unwavering sadness that would stay with her forever. Her only chance was to break through his wall. Every time she came close he shut her out again, refusing to let go of his guise.
‘Apparently you murdered Barker.’
She shivered. The punishment for murder was death, no one knew she was missing. They would all think she was dead. No one was coming to help her, she was on her own.
‘Why would you do that?’ Perry winked. ‘You stabbed him. Congrats, now you’re dead. Don’t worry I’m not going to actually kill you, watching the fiasco that is your life is just too much fun.’
‘Torture, is it?’
‘I’m not going to torture you either, well not in the conventional sense.’
‘Listening to you is torture.’
‘Aw, you don’t know the half of it.’ Perry replaced her gag before he silenced the ringing. ‘Good afternoon darling. Can’t talk. On a hot date.’
‘Rip pulse,’ she yelled through the gag. It hindered her speech. She violently chewed the gag as she desperately tried to yell. No matter how much she struggled she could not remove it.
‘Oh?’ Perry feigned concern. ‘Zoe’s… dead? Officially she doesn’t exist anymore.’
‘Re pulse, I’ve, se, rep.’ Her laugh was muffled. But her eyes could still judge his hypocrisy.
‘Bye,’ Perry crushed the chip. ‘Repulsive?’
She tensed up. Even though he was removing her gag, she did not want to be anywhere near him. There was no fear in her eyes, just hate.
He ignored her death glare and wandered away. His repetitive laugh was the only sound she could hear as he walked into her blind spot.
‘Raven Morgan was only six years old.’ She could not twist her body to see him. The loss of control made her tremble as she realised how helpless she was.
‘Hey, didn’t I kill RM_08? He was frighteningly nonchalant.
‘Did you even try to save her?’
‘Was I even there?’ He smirked. ‘Someone’s been feeding you lies.’
Zoe grimaced.
‘Novak killed him. Accidentally. You’re not recording this are you?’ His joke infuriated her. ‘Allegedly she killed him twenty years ago.’
‘You provoked her,’ she gritted her teeth.
‘Barker did. I wasn’t there, they gave me this identity six days ago and I’ve already made it my own.’
A screeching noise attacked her ears. It sounded like he was dragging a metallic object across concrete. The sound stalked her as she prepared herself for the worst.
He dragged the object into her peripheral vision. ‘Meet RE_95 my stupid lawyer, her I’m gonna kill.’
‘She’s already dead,’ Zoe stared at him as she put the last piece of the puzzle into place. ‘Amy Arkin didn’t appear until twenty years ago before that she was pretending to be Ruby then Raven took over.’
‘What’s your point?’ He snarled. She had touched a raw nerve.
‘My point is Perry Enfield wasn’t in the car twenty years ago, it was his twin sister Ruby.’
Perry gasped.
‘Francis Enfield and Amy Hutton realised they were after twins so he changed their birth dates and made Ruby a Morgan. As a legacy, he had access to it.’
‘Elizabeth’s brother was very smart. His AH_75 not so much. They never figured it out so how did you?’
‘You can’t say dad, mum? It’s obvious at this stage so why are you still trying to hide?’ She twitched as his eyes bore into hers.
‘A label they never deserved.’
‘How about Aaron Kershaw does he deserve it?’
‘Perhaps for one of them. He hid his favourite child behind the name Landyn.’
Zoe smiled. ‘She was hidden with your mother and your son. Wasn’t she?’
‘Interesting theory but how would you find DK_10 when she doesn’t exist?’ The intensity in his eyes did not abate.
‘Dylan Kershaw DK_08 also known as Morgan because Kevin Morgan thought the twins were his.’
‘Clever little Alexander. Good genes,’ Perry laughed. ‘But how did he know it was a lie?’
‘She should’ve stayed as Ruby Morgan. Now she’s in danger.’
‘I’ll pass it on. But that information isn’t going to help you. Nothing is.’ Perry was amused. ‘Such a ridiculously high death rate. Considering how low our population has to be.’
‘Olivia—’
‘I never liked wonky eyes. Raven did you a favour on that one,’ he giggled. ‘I know what you’re trying to do. It won’t work.’
‘Francis and Petunia—’
‘Ah FE_70 and PC_80, they were Kevin’s victims, twenty years ago someone told him Petunia’s twins weren’t his. Betrayal,’ Perry looked like he was getting high off the word. ‘Ouch.’
Zoe’s eyes flickered.
‘Aaron Kershaw’s affair so obviously I told Kevin the truth. Keep up. Turns out he’s not the type to forgive especially for cheating. He was a jealous d—’ He grabbed his knife and started cutting the air near Zoe’s throat.
‘Dean Hutton tortured people for fun,’ Zoe answered automatically before she caught herself.
‘High pitched scream, took way too long to die,’ he grinned. ‘He deserved his fate. Surely, you’re not trying to stop me killing by bringing up that c—’
‘So everyone’s dead? No one was captured and put in the atrium?’ She raised an eyebrow. Something had gone terribly wrong.
‘Are you lonely?’ Perry smirked. ‘Just us. Lipowski’s angry, she has no one to experiment on. She’s getting desperate.’
‘Eddie Enfield.’
‘That one was me.’ The fury washed over his eyes like a cloud of ash that removed all light. ‘Bled out like the pig he was, splat.’
Her arms spasmed in pain. She entered a safe corner in her mind as he leaned over her. His breath was warm but there was no comfort to be found in that warmth, he made her feel numb.
‘Delaney killed Hutton to punish you,’ he whispered. ‘Why do you think they waited until you entered the room?’
All the guilt came rushing back. The words attacked her tired mind as she tried to shake them away.
‘Avery tricked you into turning against Hutton. While he risked his life to save yours, Delaney killed him. And instead of helping him, you were so twisted around our little finger,’ Perry reveled in her pain. ‘That you laughed.’
She flinched as she fazed out the rest of his words, he was being vicious. Her anguished cry surprised them both. It came from her all-consuming guilt and now it could no longer be contained. Thoughts consumed by Hutton’s memory, her lips not wanting to move. A stuttering voice that did not want to vocalise her guilt.
‘Please,’ she begged with her voice but fought with her body. As she strained against her bindings, pulling her wrists to their breaking point. He saw her defiance. It was not in her nature to submit.
‘Lipowski gave the order.’ He circled around her. ‘Raven heard it too, in her Cat disguise, that was the snitch just in case you can’t keep up love.’
‘Liar!’
‘Why would I lie? Ahhh right,’ Perry said with a small laugh. ‘Have you realised now that the true motive behind the lie is pandemonium. I can taste the conflict and see the helplessness as it sets in. It’s delicious.’
‘You’ve been sleeping through life. They stifle you, without them you would grow into an autonomous person instead of a shell tethered to its master.’ Zoe looked up at him.
He was deadpan.
‘Are you pretending to be the victim because you’re the mastermind?’
‘Tit for tat kitty cat,’ he smirked. ‘I understand, betrayal hurts especially if you’re the one being controlled.’
‘CN_11 Cat Novak?’ She stared at him with contempt in her eyes.
‘She’s just a boring game.’
‘Vindictive.’
‘That’s why it hurts so much because secretly you’re glad Hutton is gone. I know the feeling.’ He looked down but his eyes were not sad, they were enraged. ‘That constrictive control is wearing a disguise, the psychos call it love, a word they don’t understand but it’s a prison.’
There was no way he could ever understand her.
‘One day you realise they only love what they can control. You’re there to fulfil their needs and desires, and now that you’re their creature…’ He gritted his teeth. ‘No one will ever love you again.’
‘You don’t know anything about me?’ She looked up at him in horror. He could see right through her shield and deep inside her heart. The moment was poignant. It seemed unbelievable that he would destroy others when he knew what it felt like to be destroyed.
‘Was killing Olivia Enfield your idea or Hutton’s selfishness?’ Perry looked at her and found his answer. ‘Ahh, the gap between your reality and life is amazing. Your idealistic version of events, what do they taste like?’
She wanted to kill him.
He licked his lips, ‘Are they sweet?’
‘Avery stole my ovaries, is that the next attack you’re going to use? Add it to your rhetoric.’
‘You’re a creature of great power and eloquence. It’s a pity you couldn’t join us,’ Perry smiled. ‘Turns out you are a nobody. You don’t match anyone’s DNA in our system. They couldn’t risk you bringing back the bloodlines we destroyed. Delaney was killing you but I intervened, you’re welcome.’
‘Perry,’ she said with an all-consuming fury. ‘When I get out of here, you’re dead.’
‘Hmm interesting reaction to I saved your life.’
‘Alexander and I are going to dance on your grave.’ She was acting like a caged animal. The only way she could express her rage was through sound.
‘I don’t doubt that but he’s gone now and he’s not coming back. You’re stuck with me,’ Perry said as his eyes flashed. ‘I’ve been dead inside for ages. Explain to me what life is? What’s worth fighting for? Why should I be afraid to die?’
‘Is that why you wanted me? Cause you knew I’d kill you.’
‘Could’ve easily had Alexander. You know why I wanted you though, don’t you?’
‘Avery wouldn’t let you have Alexander. You already tried to unnerve him any way you could but there was a limit to what you could do. She limits you.’ Zoe scoffed.
‘It’s like your drowning and just as you find your feet. A wave comes and drowns you all over again. Anything would be better than been stuck like this.’
‘Anything? Let me go and I can make that happen.’
‘Either way your free.’ He looked into the distance and smiled.
‘We’re not possessions for your amusement.’
‘Oh come on, even Delaney is running circles around you. You may think he’s insipid and innocuous but he’s a malign influence. Do you really think he’ll be there when you need him? All he cares about is power. He wants to improve his position within their ranks, he doesn’t want to change anything.’
‘If that’s really true, when the time comes I won’t hesitate.’
‘Hmm if? You remind me of me,’ Perry smirked. ‘You know what it feels like to be treated like an afterthought, second best to everyone. I’m afraid I’ll be doing the same thing, using you then throwing you away.’



51



‘Are you lost?’ Alexander grumbled as he spat out a leaf and pulled the twig away from his face. The dense forest was the least of his problems as Raven took every opportunity she had to weaponize their environment. It was the third time she had swung the foliage into his face.
‘Don’t remember telling you this was going to be easy, did I?’ Raven crinkled her nose as she suppressed her laugh.
‘You never said we were taking the long way around. I’m not dressed for it.’ He begrudgingly followed her.
‘If your clothes are the problem, we could—’
‘That’s not the issue,’ his revulsion at the idea rippled through his face. ‘Been two hours. Just admit that you’re lost.’
‘It has not been two hours, just under one to get here and five minutes of you whining and I know exactly where I am.’ She retorted.
‘Yeah, lost, and it’s been more like three. You lost the road an hour ago and your mind well who knows when you lost it,’ Alexander said as she turned to face him. ‘But it’s defiantly gone. If you’re just playing w—’
‘I really wouldn’t go that far just to mess with you.’
‘Really, how far would you go?
‘That’s very forward of you,’ she lowered her head and voice but maintained eye contact. ‘I’m not that kind of girl.’
‘What kind of girl are you? The type,’ he looked directly at Raven, sensing her flirtation and defiance. ‘That kills people or just wounds them?’
‘I could be, depends what you mean?’ She asked. ‘We all wound someone in one sense of the word or the other.’
‘Okay let me spell it out for you. They’re not your victims.’
‘In what,’ she tilted her head and moved towards him, ‘sense?’
‘You didn’t kill them,’ Alexander touched her chin and lightly shook her head.
‘Death is a reprieve for people like you. Your hell is now, surrounded by us.’ She pulled his hand away from her face and held it.
‘That’s a yes then.’
‘Mm,’ she searched his eyes. ‘That’s a weird way to word it, sounded more like a statement than a question.’
‘Did you?’
‘I kill from the inside.’
‘Why?’ He let go of her hand. It grasped the air, searching for his.
‘Because I want too.’ She was shameless. ‘If you can’t motivate with desire, use fear. Distract them, manipulate their dreams, control their emotions then their actions. Get them to destroy your enemy, real or manufactured. A repeated lie will eventually become true. No one knows the difference anymore. They’re all too stupid.’
‘As long as you can maintain the distraction, you have enough time to corrupt them from inside out.’ He grabbed her arm and pulled her forward until he could feel her breath on his skin. ‘Crush their rationale thinking by trapping them in their own emotions.’
‘Fear is the best weapon, so effective.’ She brushed his cheek with her fingertip.
‘Then you watch them self-destruct or hurt others as they do your job for you and they don’t even know it.’ He spun her around and let go.
She stuck out her bottom lip. ‘Creating monsters is the doctor’s speciality.’ Her arm hovered in mid air.
He sprinted through the trees and into a circular clearing.
‘Lipowski let you live because of me.’
Alexander froze at the mention of their tormentor. Painful memories were dredged up. All his life, he had been haunted by their cruelty. He spun around. She had not mentioned Amy. He was grateful to her, that wound was still raw and throbbing. She knew the words that would rile him. The words that would destroy his confidence. They were the same words that would destroy hers.
‘Chaos makes me feel normal,’ she dropped her arm and continued to walk towards him. ‘They don’t want me.’
He empathise with her. They would never value any part of him. He had chased their approval for years and never found it. The rejection still haunted him. He craved their validation but he had wasted years of his life trying to get it and had completely ruin himself in the process.
‘Behaviour is contiguous.’ She was weary. ‘I need more time to destroy before the behaviour that delights me causes my annihilation.’
‘The chaos makes me feel sad,’ he kept his head turned away from her as the pain betrayed his face.
‘Chaos is normal.’
‘No it’s not. You just don’t care. At least with Lipowski you can see what motivates her, you can predict her behaviour and the justifications she’ll hid behind.’
‘Would you love me if I did care?’ Raven moved towards him until she was able to search his eyes.
He was transfixed by her melancholic gaze.
‘Do you really want someone so boring? A justification is just an excuse to hide behind. I am what I am, no apology, no excuse. I’m not a coward, what you see is what you get.’
‘You’re not? So why don’t you fight back?’
‘How?’
‘Lipowski uses a creepy puppet that looks like Cooper when she tortures them.’ Alexander responded to Raven’s nod. ‘So the ones they let go will naturally feel uneasy around him?’
‘I’m not on the same level.’ She shrugged. ‘I prefer something simpler, lazier.’
‘Like getting Delaney to kick us when we’re already down?’
‘I would ruin you so easily if you would just let me in,’ she said with a hint of a smile on her lips.
‘Tell me something.’
‘Every experiment is twinned and one always dies.’
‘And Novak, is that your real identity?’
‘Too many mistakes not enough solutions,’ Raven shook her head. ‘What do you do if your whole life has been one disappointment, one wasted opportunity after another? Caged in fear, drained of life. Wouldn’t you want to hide behind something else, someone else. Perhaps the person you should’ve been. But now it’s too late. Even if we had the time, nothing would change because we just can’t.’
‘I don’t blame you for the fire. You were young, naive, easily led. Tortured. Hell it may have been a natural reaction at that point. But why are you still playing into their hands?’
Raven laughed. ‘You sent Kershaw my way.’
‘Sent a lot of people your way. Yet you still refuse to do anything. Why? Fear?’
‘Let’s just leave them to it.’ She reached out to him. ‘They’ll eventually destroy each other.’
‘Even if we were together we wouldn’t make a complete person. We’re a mess separately, we’d be a disaster together. The best thing we can do is keep our distance from people. We’d only ruin them.’
She placed her hands on her forehead. ‘Why can’t we just leave?’ The resonant sound was so rich that it distracted him from her words.
‘Wait a minute, you said that our experiment was twinned. So one of us should’ve died years ago?’
‘And yet here we are. Healthy and unhappy.’
‘Who’s the next target?’
‘You.’
Bang.



52



Cooper’s mind was starting to unravel. The instability in his mind was starting to spread to his legs. He had refused to show weakness and now he was dangerously close to the edge. The smell of smoke still filled the stupendous space. His eyes were slowly adjusting to the dark as the mysterious liquids dripped through the cracks. He was retching and heaving against the stench.
Aves Atrium was ruined. No longer a sanctuary for life, let alone his exotic birds. He could not move until they did. The floor was rigged with different traps.
‘I hate being interrupted especially by someone I hate. Who let you in?’ Amy came out of the secret tunnels and walked into the barren room. It felt strange to see her again. After all this time, the power had finally shifted.
Somehow, he managed to keep a neutral face even though he was choking back vomit.
‘What do you want?’
‘Good evening,’ he said with misplaced confidence.
‘What do you want?’
‘My how you haven’t changed. You’ve been busy I see,’ he glanced down at the decaying body. ‘Did you forget that I made this place?’
She strutted towards him. ‘For Avery. I did forget, I forgot all about you,’ she was being petulant.
‘Why is she dead?’ He stumbled back but never took his eyes off her. His heart started to race as he anticipated her touch.
‘Curiosity killed the detective. Some people have a life and others don’t, know what I mean?’
‘Is everyone dead?’ Cooper’s brow furrowed.
‘Yes your beloved atrium is full of dead birds except Zero.’
‘They’re people not creatures.’
‘Were people now nothing.’ Amy slid her fingers down the charred wall.
‘How about I just kill you instead?’
‘I’m right here. Try it, see what happens.’ She dragged her finger down his forehead. ‘Lipowski programmed them to fear you. That’s why no one ever trusts you.’
‘I don’t listen to hearsay especially when it comes from someone I hate.’ Cooper knew the symbol she was drawing on his was a target but he could not pull away.
‘Now you are outnumbered, are you still confident?’ Perry walked towards them.
‘What do you want from me?’ Cooper fell back against the door.
‘Kill Raven as soon as possible. Time is of the essence on this one. Slippery devil has evaded us for years.’
‘I’ll do it instead. Then we don’t need him,’ Perry sprint forward. He dodged the traps with ease.
The closer Perry got the more Cooper could not move.
‘Stop,’ Cooper whimpered.
‘No,’ Perry grabbed Cooper’s wrist and twisted it.
Cooper lashed out with his other hand just as his feet were knocked out from under him. His back took the brunt of the impact, without thinking he returned the favour. Perry went flying backwards.
A clicking sound filled the room.
‘Which one of you killed my daughter?’ Cooper demanded.
‘Like you care,’ Perry said from the floor. ‘Is your daughter dead? Wasn’t she just here? S—’
The floor opened up and swallowed Perry. He had landed on one of Lipowski’s traps.
‘I killed her,’ Amy bragged. Her disinterest in Perry’s plight was chilling.
‘How can you be so cruel? Can’t you do something to help him? He could still be alive if he was lucky enough to land in the gaps. Amy don’t you care? He’s your son—’ His jaw felt the full force of her powerful kick.
‘The only person I care about is,’ she pointed to herself. Her dead eyes looked down at Cooper as he curled into a ball. He was trying to make himself as small as possible. She took out a weapon and pointed it at his shrinking form. Her body trembled with excitement.
Liquid began to trickle down his cheek. He squirmed.
She threw something at him before she left a pitiful form to its misery.
It was a mirror. He was the pitiful form.
There was no respite from the silence. The pressure had been building for some time now, he thought he was prepared for it. But it had exploded and taken everyone with it. His only hope was that his niece would survive it as time continue to take everything away from him.
An icy feeling threaded its way across his body and into his bones. He knew he would go overboard as he tried desperately to rid himself of the feeling that now consumed him. It was throwing him deeper into the depths of despair.
He crawled to the fire and hugged it. His feeble attempts made him want to sob.
Eventually he had to turn over like a sausage on a barbecue. Agitated by the heat, it began to stifle him. A new extreme gripped him as he spiralled into madness.
There’s no fireplace in the atrium, why are you so warm? He thought. I don’t know.
The sweet smell of perfume replaced the horrid smells that he had grown accustom too.
A woman is close to you. His mind continued to talk to him.
‘Cooper, it’s okay. You’re safe.’ The woman’s voice was warped.
‘Dylan? Aren’t you dead?’
‘Raven’s family started this. Cut you off from your only daughter, from me. She poisoned me into thinking no one cared. I cried myself to sleep every night, I needed you and Raven stopped you. You need to kill her like she killed me. Kill them all.’ Dylan knelt down.
‘You’re not my daughter. She’s dead.’ Cooper rolled away from her. His knees creaked as he got up and walked backwards towards the only exit.
‘Aren’t I? You need to choose, me or her?’
‘Why?’ His fingers brushed against the mechanism.
‘She killed you on the inside, corrupted you, so that when you found me you had nothing to offer. Made you run out of time, stole it from you. Erase the past. And aim for the head, the head!’
‘I wish it would stop haunting me. I just want it to stay dead with this I will Erase the past. I will Erase the past for my daughter. For my dead daughter.’ Cooper was deranged as he sprinted through the door and ran away from his fractured old home.
Madness followed him, he smashed his head with both hands and tried to scream the craziness away.
‘Wake I just want why can’t never trust don’t love always use me. I can’t wake up from you,’ Cooper yelled at himself, he felt like he was arguing with someone. Someone negative, destructive.
The voices fighting in his head had always been avoided. It was inside him but it did not come from him. When he did not look at the other man living in his head he could escape his voice. But now he could no longer hide from the screeching agony that it projected.
He had never moved so fast in his life but his anxiety was pushing him forward. Dizzy and disoriented he stumbled into trees and bushes. He felt no physical pain, he had not felt anything for so long. It demanded his energy and attention. He longed for it, anything was a welcome relief from the constant stream of psychological distress.
Crushing despair gripped Cooper as he realised what he had to do. He tried desperately to fall out of what he hoped was a nightmare. But reality would not concede.
‘Suffer,’ his hatred dripped off every syllable.
‘You,’ disbelief crept around in its voice.
Realising there was no turning back he squeezed the trigger.
Bang.
Amazed by his own actions, he looked on in shock. He had spent many lonely nights working hard for a future that he had just destroyed.



53



Kershaw felt something clinging to her face. Her fingers followed the trail down her neck until she looked down and saw the blood. As she moved a sharp pain in her head forced her back down to the floor. She grabbed her head as she slowly realised where the blood had come from. Her eyes widened as her mind finally started to work again.
The angle of the room was unique. She looked at the three corners but could not see the secret door. Even if she found it she would be lost within the narrow maze of tunnels. It was not worth the risk, she could die if she took a wrong turn.
‘Incident N24 ended my reign of terror now I’ve ended all the Enfield’s. Erase is dead. Long live my precious atrium,’ Lipowski winked.
The memory of Lipowski’s fist hitting Kershaw’s face jolted her back to reality.
‘Erase. Elizabeth, Ray Alexander and Sam Enfield. End of an era,’ Lipowski laughed.
‘Where’s Cooper?’ Kershaw’s voice broke.
‘CE_85 is dead. What a shame so young,’ Lipowski said flippantly as she purposefully tried to aggravate. ‘Who told you Cat was going to replace you?’
‘Why did he have to die?’
‘Because he’s an Enfield. Sam Enfield and Cassidy Cooper’s insufferable brat.’
‘Your voice goes higher when you’re unsure.’ She stood, wobbling slightly before she found her balance both in body and mind.
‘Don’t analyse me. You’re the one who needs help.’ Lipowski said as her face returned from perplexed to expressionless. ‘Hmm, I didn’t foresee this variable. But not to worry it can be managed.’
‘You haven’t been able to manage Erase a day in your life. They bounce back every time but the atrium died twenty years ago.’
‘There’s at least one more person alive who can challenge me.’ Finally after much prodding the real Lipowski had returned, she was a stubborn creature. A perfectionist that fully committed to everything she did, especially her experiments.
Kershaw’s emotions threatened to consume her. Cooper was dead. She tried to avoid the words but they were sporadically bouncing around her mind. Their bond was still strong after all these years even though he had lied to her.
‘I should be furious with you, I’m not. Raven is,’ Lipowski nodded. ‘Yes she was ready to step into your life, step further into Alexander’s heart. I bet you’re glad I got to you first?’
‘Don’t care.’ Kershaw rolled her eyes and pretend that she did not know the real identity of Raven. ‘Perry asked me to dress up as Cat to mess with her.’
‘Oh that’s why she ranted at me, something about hard work, fought for it. Planning the illusion, hardly slept. Kershaw and Perry are playing games, disintegrating into nothing for this.’ Lipowski rolled her eyes. ‘Now I have an earache because of all your sabotage.’
‘She didn’t need to create stories to sell the act, stretching herself so thin with all those ridiculous identities.’ Kershaw sighed. ‘You know, I think she’s insane. She’s lived with all these characters for so long, perhaps she can never be herself ever again.’
‘To be believable you must believe it yourself.’ Lipowski smiled.
‘Are you not even guilty? You broke them all.’
‘You bought them,’ Lipowski scoffed. ‘Freewill is a thing you know.’
‘Not blaming you. Just trying to get you to acknowledge that your actions had serious consequences for the people that you are meant to love.’
‘I don’t care. Cooper had information I needed. Perry was poisoning him so we could extricate it from him. And then you kill him before we can!’
‘What information?’ Kershaw’s chin was going numb and she was finding it hard to focus.
‘Don’t forget. A puzzle, Cooper gave them the answer by prompting them with that phrase.’
‘What do you need?’ Kershaw tried to shake away the fatigue.
‘Alexander and Zero, are they still alive?’
‘How am I suppose to know? You dragged me here. Last time I saw Cooper, he was alive and with you.’
‘Watch your manners you may be a legacy but I’m still older than you.’ Lipowski screwed up her face. Her winkles were deep caverns.
‘Why do you think Cooper is dead?’ Kershaw rubbed her crinkled forehead. ‘I didn’t kill him. You knocked me out.’
‘Poison.’
‘Shouldn’t you be talking to Delaney or Barker about that, maybe they betrayed you.’
‘No, he’s mine. He wouldn’t do that, he will never betray me. And Barker’s dead.’
‘He already did years ago.’ Kershaw sighed. ‘And what? Since when and how and why?’
‘Fincher and Raven’s doing but they blamed it on Zero. They have evidence and everything. I mean why? Who knows what’s going on now? It’s chaos and for once I don’t like it.’
‘Well you’ve pulled me away so I can’t find out for you.’ She threw her hands up.
‘Who is Zero anyway? Is that even her real name?’
‘It’s strange. I don’t know either,’ Kershaw’s sigh rattled through her damaged body. ‘Thought you had her blood?’
‘The samples were swapped out.’ Lipowski was candid.
‘Are you sure you heard all of the clues?’
‘No,’ Lipowski snapped, ‘Who do you work for?’
‘Raven collected the blood and stole your files,’ Kershaw was animated as a thought popped into her head. ‘You know she doesn’t work for you.’
‘Cooper knew we wouldn’t talk to each other until it was too late.’ Lipowski ignored Kershaw’s accusation. ‘That without the whole puzzle we couldn’t find the answer. Why did you kill him?’
Kershaw was exasperated. ‘For the last time, I didn’t kill Cooper. Why did you?’
‘I can’t trust you so I can’t let you go. I’ve had enough of your lies, his lies, everyone. His betrayal was like a sharp dagger to the senses. Every time I remember the pain, it hurts me all over again. But I didn’t kill him, you did.’
‘When would I find the time and what would my reason be? He raised me when my mother died.’
‘Didn’t think you had feelings. Creepy,’ there was no sympathy or comfort to be found in Lipowski’s dull eyes. ‘Toughen up.’
‘Despite your best efforts, you’re still human.’ Kershaw changed the subject, unsure of why she bothered saying it. It was strange to think that there was someone out there that was more atrocious than Perry.
‘Where’s the necklace? The blue rose.’
Kershaw looked down as her fingers brushed against the spot where it would normally sit. ‘I guess I must have lost it when you dragged me in here.’
‘No, you weren’t wearing it then either.’
‘Oh,’ Kershaw smiled. ‘You’re very observant. I didn’t notice, it could be anywhere by now.’
‘Tell me who you work for and maybe just maybe I’ll let you find your precious Alexander.’
‘You’re not going to let me go, you all but admitted it a few minutes ago. So go to hell. I’m not helping you.’ Kershaw wiped her brow. Her hand was full of foundation as her speckled skin was uncovered.
‘If you’re not a good puppet then you’re a dead one.’



54



‘Cooper, why?’ Alexander said as blood dripped down his shirt, he looked around in shock. The soggy and dead leaves fled the trees. It felt like his lungs were full of glass. He collapsed. The red liquid was slowly but steadily poisoning the barren land.
It was a horrifying sight but Raven had not stayed to see it, she had nimbly fled into the forest. Alexander did not know if she was injured or if she would ever return.
‘Why?’ Cooper mimicked, as Alexander’s voice broke through he dropped his weapon.
‘H yelp,’ Alexander implored Cooper to help but he stood there dumbfounded.
‘Why? Everyone’s dead. The atrium is dead.’
‘Cooper, please,’ Alexander cried out.
‘Sometimes destruction is the only way out.’
‘I don’t understand.’
‘Raven never looked at me the way she looks at you. How ironic that she’s everything you hate in a person. And now so am I.’
‘Don’t do this.’
‘Why?’
‘Don’t let her define you, you’re better than this,’ Alexander was breathless. ‘Don’t follow her down this road.’
‘I’m sorry but it’s too late, decades too late.’ The poignant smile was Cooper’s parting gift before he stumbled out of sight.
Alexander’s breath rattled through his damaged body. There was a rustling noise behind him but he could not move.
‘You’ll always try to save me. Even though I’m always in control especially when it looks like I’m not,’ Raven whispered as she cradled his head.
Alexander unconsciously registered her words. Even knowing what she was, he felt responsible for her. He still cared. That was something that no one could ever take away from him, even though they had tried when he was vulnerable. They had not succeeded.
‘Can you make any more noise, literally, we don’t know what’s out there,’ Delaney’s voice came from the forest.
‘Help,’ Alexander’s voice was weaker than his body.
Raven yanked him back into the forest.
Delaney jumped through the trees, he was not known for his physical prowess. His legs skidded to a halt over the blood. They had heard everything since Alexander pressed the distress beacon but Raven had crushed the device when she crashed into him.
The mist hovered above the ground, taunting it. It had closed in on them. There was a suggestion of something dark hiding beyond their vision.
Nash came into sight as he stumbled noisily through the undergrowth. Finally he came crawling through the sharp brambles. He was swearing and swatting at the bushes. His panting filled the air as he collapsed onto the ground, belly heaving under the pressure.
‘You ever heard of stealth? All I can hear is you!’ Delaney rolled his eyes at Nash’s clumsiness.
Raven’s shaking legs barely held Alexander’s weight as she continued to dragged him backwards.
‘There’s blood here but no body.’
‘Where?’ Nash asked, he was barely audible as he struggled to catch his breath. ‘What we got?’
‘Right in front of your face! Your guess isn’t as good as mine but I have no idea. Looks like they’re long gone now though,’ Delaney snapped.
‘Hell p,’ Alexander spluttered but they were already walking away from him.



55



Delaney walked towards the outline of a scraggy path. Nash’s large shoulder’s were brushing against the foliage. It was like trying to tightrope walk on toothpicks as the forest evaded their personal space.
‘Even a liar will tell the truth occasionally especially if they know it’ll hurt you.’ Delaney glared at Nash. ‘Who are you loyal too? Lipowski, Avery, Cooper? Defiantly not Alex.’
‘You heard about that, huh?’ Nash studied Delaney’s face. ‘The one who pays the most, you?’
The atrium loomed in front of them, it was sitting in the wilderness.
‘Been here before?’ Delaney glanced at Nash.
‘No, you?’
‘Of course, I grew up here.’
‘Too remote if something does go wrong.’ Nash said as he looked down at the blood on their shoes. Their grey shoes had absorbed the luminous colour to the point where there was barely a patch of grey left.
‘Remote’s an understatement. Once you’re in, it’ll be very hard to get back out.’ Delaney shook his head. Lipowski was cunning, there was no way to drag their victims up there. They had been convinced to walk through the thorns and endure the heartache just to find a cursed place full of death.
‘Are we inane? Walking towards the madness, not away from it.’
‘Inane or insane?’ Delaney screwed up his face as he walked towards the house. ‘Probably both. Follow me and I’ll show you how to get in.’
‘It could be dangerous,’ Nash did not hide his apprehension. ‘I don’t think they’re paying me enough for this.’
Black eyes stared into Delaney’s soul as he approached the door that was protected by a concrete face. Delicate features were overwhelmed by the black holes that dominated the image of a young woman. It followed him as he walked underneath it. Parts of the house no longer saw the daylight, replaced with a counterfeit night. As the green fingers slowly crept up the side of the unsuspecting house it was overwhelmed, overtaken by another. He felt empathy for the house, it was broken.
Nash’s smile was tight with stress as he walked towards the door.
A chill made its way down Delaney’s back. The door panel was frigid. He pressed it down twice and walked to the edge of the house.
Nash almost tripped over his feet as he dashed to the right.
‘See you in ten minutes.’ Delaney pressed a side panel. ‘Oh I almost forgot. There’s only one exit and the whole house is rigged with traps and tricks. Don’t get stuck in the maze that restricts you to the point of a belly crawl or you’re already dead.’
Before Nash could respond, Delaney jumped through the opening. The door slammed shut. Delaney laughed to himself. If that did not make Nash think twice about following then nothing would.
The colour and smell was rancid and uninviting. He stood alone in the huge space, abandoned by even the smallest of creatures as if they knew there was no life to be found in it. The fire damage was extreme but the house still refused to have more than one exit. As soon as his eyes adjusted to the dark, he shuffled forward. The floorboards squeaked as he sneaked through the secret entrance. With a deep breath, he made his way down the slimy stairs. They were pitch-black and narrow.
Tiny chunks of stone tumbled down as his wide shoulders caused the fragile wall to partially collapse. There was no way to sneak up on his enemy now that the stones were pit-a-pattering down. He almost twisted his ankle on them as he finally reached the bottom. It was a tiny room but a tremendous amount of horror lay beyond the threshold.
Light fragments sparkled down from the neglected glass. It was covered with moss and shattered in places. He made his way past the overgrown trees. They were starting to protrude out of the holes they made in the glass. Slippery moss covered the neglected atrium as he followed the diamond tiles the best he could.
His leg froze over the green floor. It was alive. He realised it was a central pond filled with algae. Skirting around it, he made a metal note to pay extra attention. As his feet slipped, he remembered he had poisoned the water. He teetered on the edge, one step away from a painful death.



56



Kershaw knew it would hurt, bracing herself against the pain she climbed into the narrow space. The cobwebs and dust blinded and choked her. It stuck to her fingers and made her shudder, the texture by itself was nothing too unpleasant, a slight crispy viscosity that clung to her. But it was the element of the unknown that made her shudder. It was a mystery what she was crawling through. Inching forward into the dark abyss. Her misery propelled her forward into whatever awaited. She did not care if she reached her goal or died trying. All their hard work would not be ruined by a moment of weakness from her.
Alexander had to pretend that he did not know, he had to live in their world and play by their rules. But Kershaw could break them all. There was nothing else that they could do to her, there was no other torture, drug or punishment that they could inflict on her. In the oddest sense of the word, she was free. They could not force her mind to comply, her tenacity removed their power.
Lipowski was losing her mind with hatred. The lack of control was eating a hole through her ego, it exposed the deepest part of her insecurities and self hatred. It was hidden because she could not handle her weaknesses. Instead of dealing with them, she buried them deep. Eventually she would implode. They did not need to destroy Lipowski, Perry or even Raven, their choices came with deadly consequences.
A heavy feeling sent sensations crawling and wiggling into Kershaw’s brain. She turned into the agony. Her visual cortex was tingling. It felt like a warm liquid was flowing towards her forehead. She could not feel her face. Information came to her in fragments which only exacerbated her negative feelings. According to her own logic she was dead and buried.
Physically Kershaw was confined and characterised by her environment but her mind was not for sale. Her self-worth was not something she needed another person to define. Lipowski’s thoughts and feelings belonged only to her. They may have leeched into Raven’s being but they were not allowed into Kershaw’s. Most people thought she was a weird conundrum. But her limits were not dictated by failure, they were determined by her ability to overcome any obstacle. She was not afraid of crawling through their maze to escape the prison they wanted her to stay in. Her actions showed the strength of her conviction, her actions were what frightened Lipowski. She smiled at the thought. There was no way to reason with a crazy person.
She paused. The panel in front of her was rigged. Lipowski had ruined Cooper’s atrium, every inch of it from the mazes to the entrance was designed to kill or maim intruders.
There was a grunting noise in front of her. She peeked around the corner. A bulky man was wiggling and squirming through the narrow tunnel but his shoulders were stuck.
‘You won’t get through there, it’s even narrower down here.’ Kershaw’s voice made the man’s head jolt towards her.
‘Then help me you stupid—’
‘Nash, what are you doing here?’
‘Oh my it’s Cooper’s little pet, why are you stuck in his maze? I thought he told you about every inch of this place down to the tacks used for the floorboards.’
Kershaw ignored the snarky comment.
‘Delaney let me in. You?’ Nash was allergic to silence.
‘Lipowski.’
‘What do we do now?’
She was glad he was incapacitated, there was something unsettling about him.
‘Don’t forget, you know the code right?’ Nash asked. ‘Perry heard them all.’
You were right Alex, Kershaw thought.
‘Something about sparkling,’ Nash strained to see her face.
The diamond tile that covers the floor in the atrium. Kershaw thought before she answered, ‘Lipowski’s teeth sparkle maybe he hid something in them?’
‘Hm cute,’ Nash sneered. ‘Vocation, detective. Your brother’s key?’
My old identity’s job was a gardener. Investigate the garden. Kershaw laughed. ‘He doesn’t have a brother.’
‘Legally Dylan was his brother, does adoption not count?’
‘Yes but he’s dead.’
‘What does it all mean? Two four two. Why is N24 Alexander’s fault? Do you know? Are you listening?’
Why do they keep mentioning incident N24? That’s when Cat Novak set fire to Aves Atrium. Kershaw thought about the information Alexander had given her.
‘Answer me, what does it all mean?’
Sometimes destruction is the only way out.
‘Oi.’
‘I don’t know.’ She realised why Nash had been sent to her. They did not trust her and rightfully so, there was no way she would tell them what she knew. So they were trying to trick her into discussing it with a colleague.
‘Why did Cooper tell Zero to remember where she came from?’ Nash yelled.
‘Zoe? No one knows where she came from, not even she knows. Why would he say such a thing?’
‘What use are you? You don’t know anything,’ Nash grumbled. ‘This was a waste of time and more importantly effort.’
‘You’re the last person they should’ve sent.’ Kershaw gritted her teeth. ‘I know what you did to Alex… to Eddie. No one f—’
‘Huh?’ Nash rolled his eyes.
‘—with my family unless they want to die painfully.’
‘They’re both dead now so get over it, Cooper just shot Alexander. And I really enjoyed watching Eddie’s corpse fall onto his precious cousin. They were more like brothers really. Does that make it better or worse?’
Developer. My other identity is a photographer. Blue rose, Kershaw thought as she cursed her stupidity. I’m so sorry Zoe.
‘Hey pay attention to me,’ Nash whined.
‘I know you’re lying, Cooper would never do that.’
‘To be fair he was aiming for Raven but Alexander jumped in to save her like the fool he was. Do you really think that you’ll make it out of here alive. Just give us the information we want. And the necklace with the blue rose. Lipowski’s wants it.’
‘I hope you’re claustrophobic.’ Kershaw pressed the panel down. The ground beneath her right hand moved.
A clicking noise echoed around the small tunnel as the whole space began to shudder and shift.
‘Here’s the part where you scream!’
A wall closed in on Nash as it slowly started to squash him.
‘Kershaw… help me,’ he spluttered.
The sound of crunching bones and sloshing liquids made her want to vomit. As the panel moved, a dark tunnel revealed itself. There was light at the bottom but the only way down was head first. She could not wait any longer, his slow death was torturing her too. Without another thought about her own safety, she threw herself down into the darkness.
She felt sick to her stomach as the weird angle of the slide made her tumble around like she was in a washing machine.
‘Kershaw, can you hear me?’ Avery’s words echoed around Kershaw. ‘At the bottom of this fun slide is a set of spikes. Would you like me to retract them?’
‘Screw you.’
‘Alex isn’t dead, help me and I’ll save him.’ Avery was panicking, her words were rushed.
‘We’ll die together.’ Kershaw laughed.
‘You’re such a stubborn stupid sh,’ Avery caught herself. ‘You both were.’



57



The musty space was adding to Delaney’s headache. He looked through the window and saw an imposter. It was wiggling uncontrollably and screaming incoherently.
‘They just had to drag Cooper back to this square box.’ Dylan walked in and stood beside Delaney.
‘Back from the dead I see. Does Alex know?’ Delaney glanced at his nemesis.
Dylan smirked. ‘Do you know who found him or why they brought him back to his prized atrium?’ They both stared into Cooper’s lifeless eyes.
‘Answering a question with a question, rude as usual.’
‘I’ve got a right to know, it’s my family after all.’ Dylan twisted his head unnaturally and stared through Delaney. ‘Arkin’s not dead.’
‘What? Perry should have killed her. He’s betrayed us for the last time.’ Delaney rubbed his eyes as he tried to bring Dylan back into focus, his features were warping into a stranger’s. ‘Why?’
Dylan finally answered after staring at Cooper for what seemed like an eternity. ‘Punishment. And he’s bound to Avery.’
‘Amy was Arkin was Avery. Did Alex know?’
‘Eventually yes. Alex’s family has sealed his doom, he’s dead.’
‘Why?’
‘Lipowski doesn’t like what she can’t control.’
There was an odd pull to Delaney’s left as he found himself staring into Cooper’s disturbed eyes. Cooper was trying to say something with them but it was not a language that Delaney could speak.
‘What’s wrong with my father?’
‘He’s your uncle, more of a father to me than you,’ Delaney mumbled. ‘Been a long day, what do you really want?’
Dylan snapped his head back, his deranged eyes terrified Delaney but not in the way that Cooper’s had. ‘Aaron searched for hours, finding nothing but ghosts. While Kevin Morgan and Petunia Cooper sacrificed me to their obsession, to their only chance at immortality. Aaron never gave up, until his last breath.’
‘So… this is Cooper’s punishment? For Petunia’s crime?’
‘Isolation creates voices, the voices demand pain. Pain and loneliness make you insane. I didn’t punish my uncle. He punishes himself,’ Dylan said.
Cooper was busy contorting and twisting, trying desperately to bite through his restraints. The madness had replaced his eyes. They were trying to sedate him, with little success.
A sharp and sudden noise frightened Delaney. He answered the call with his eyes still firmly stuck to Cooper’s twisted face.
‘Where are you?’ Nash asked as the weird sounds in the background almost made him inaudible. ‘Never mind, have you found Zero?’
‘What?’ Delaney asked as Dylan’s face distorted into Mel’s.
‘Are you high? Zero is Barker’s sister.’ Nash hesitated after such a mouthful, he needed to breathe. ‘Where are you I hear weird noises in the background? Is that you or me?’
‘Zoe is Barker’s sister?’ The insinuation made Delaney uncomfortable.
‘Is that information correct?’ Mel shook her head as she turned back into Dylan. ‘Divide and conquer.’
Cooper suddenly began to spasm.
‘Enjoy your bad trip,’ Dylan’s eyes lingered on the broken form before he turned and walked away from his responsibility.
‘What was that?’
‘Cooper’s gone insane.’
‘Is he pretending?’
‘What is there to gain from acting like that?’
‘Attention. What did you say about the maze that restricts you into a belly crawl?’ Nash’s voice demanded an answer to quell its fear. ‘I’m stuck crawling in the stupid maze tunnel. Someone’s coming. I need back—’
Delaney hung up. Amidst the confusion and desperation, he stood motionless. Alone, he watched as Cooper was taken away. He shivered. The only person who protected him, who truly knew him inside and out was no more.



58



Delaney hesitated. Raising his head to the sky in distress, he looked up at the idyllic scene. He trembled against the fear before he wrenched open the door. It scraped against the fake plants and slammed shut behind him. The tunnel was gouged out of textured rock and crumbling dust. It was dank and winding but recklessly he slid down it. The tunnel abruptly opened out to the atrium. He managed to catch himself on the last step.
The doors slammed shut trapping him between the darkness of below and the light from above. Light that could no longer reach out to him. He fell into a familiar feeling. The darkness pushed him further into his memories. A deep feeling of despair made him throw his body against the door. It disintegrated and sent him tumbling to the ground.
‘What are you doing here Delaney?’
He was shocked as his eyes adjusted to the light.
‘Saw you meandering through the maze so I let you out. Who told you it was okay to come back? Why did you ignore my orders?’ Lipowski’s voice echoed around the large space. ‘Answer me.’
‘What happened in here?’ He looked around the damaged atrium. ‘Cooper’s dead. Isn’t that enough for you? Why do you have to destroy everything…’
‘Remodel. I just decided I don’t like the tiles,’ her eyes narrowed. ‘Why are you back?’
‘Seriously though, you’ve only smashed the ones with a blue rose on them.’ He swallowed the lump in his throat. ‘Then you’ve gouged out the concrete with a sledgehammer. Did he really mean that little to you? Why?’
‘I was mad. Did you let Nash in?’
Delaney shook his head.
‘Where’s Alexander?’
‘He was kind to you, I won’t be. I’m going to rip you to shreds. Taste your pain. They gave you another chance, why wouldn’t you take it?’
‘You don’t understand anything, you’re so stupid,’ she scoffed.
‘I’ll tell you why because you’re weak. I’m going to make you taste the excruciating agony you serve up to others. Separate you from what you love. You’ll never work again. Death will be a release that I’ll not allow you to have,’ he spat as he pushed his way through the plants.
‘Alexander knows?’ Lipowski frowned. ‘Everything?’
‘Been playing you from the start, we all have. He gave you a chance to change, but he said if you didn’t take it, then I could destroy you.’
‘And Raven? I must warn you I won’t believe that.’
‘Of course, you ruined her too. Feel that betrayal leak into everything, let it ruin you. Let it be the last thing you feel.’
‘This betrayal is excruciating and it always will be.’ Her smile fractured. The betrayal from Alexander was expected but Raven was her flesh and blood.
Delaney stumbled towards her. The sledgehammer fell to the ground with a thud, he started to shriek. He fell to his knees as the poison started to take hold.
‘Problem?’ She was insouciant.
‘What have you done?’
‘Deception. My poison’s been living in you for awhile.’
‘What?’ Someone tried to help him but he pushed the faceless form away.
‘They’re mine and they always will be.’ Lipowski knelt beside him. ‘Living like a normal person was a torture worse than death. Existing in the presence of imbeciles, surrounded by mind-numbing stupidity. I am what only I can be, superior. You’re my rat, scurrying around a cage, trapped in a hell that you made. A hell I’ll not let you escape from. Sit alone until the overwhelming loneliness twists your heart and makes it bitter. Then you’ll be home and Cooper’s kindness will be undone.’
‘Why?’ Delaney tried to move but he was trapped within his own body.
They heard Avery before he saw her.
‘You owe me,’ Lipowski hissed. ‘I saved your life from Raven. Look at my face. All this pain and suffering and you’re not even worth it.’
‘Just like you owed Perry for cleaning up your mess. Besides I didn’t mean too, Cooper forced it.’ Avery protested.
‘What did he do?’
‘He went after Alexander.’
‘Even if it was his fault, I can’t forgive you.’
‘Don’t pretend that you’re not happy to see the back of him. Delaney was also in the way. You were waiting for the chance,’ Avery rolled her eyes. ‘I was just trying to help you.’
‘Waiting being the key word. Everything must happen at the right time. I can’t use Delaney now he knows the truth. And since when do you do anything to help anyone other than yourself?’
‘So it’s a moot point.’
‘Cooper never relented, he kept his power even in death.’ Lipowski’s lust for control had become impossible to satisfy.
‘The doctor’s so mortified by her failure, yet she keeps on making the same mistakes over and over again. How many times do we need to have the same conversation?’ Avery threw her hands in the air. ‘You never change, no matter what you say. We’re back to zero again. How can someone so old lack self-awareness? You’re the self-proclaimed smartest person ever to have lived, so why are you acting so stupid?’
‘We have work to do.’ Lipowski pointed at Delaney.
‘Scream.’ Avery prompted him into a learned response.
‘Take it for just one more day. Soon you’ll be free, you have to be,’ Delaney screamed. The need for revenge was eating him from the inside out. He threw himself against the cage in his mind and screamed. This was his torture. He would self-destruct as he ran around the walls in his mind, smashing into them. His mind was forced to hover in his dark thoughts. Fingernails ripped and clawed at his brain.
‘Disgusting,’ Lipowski turned away.
He would not satisfy her desires, he was already broken.
‘Tell me about your past. Drugs, crazy, desperate.’ Avery grabbed his face. ‘What crime did you commit?’
‘Breathing.’
They looked shocked at his defiance.
‘The strangers walked past Delaney as they pretended that he did not exist.’ He complied. ‘It was nothing new, he was accustomed to it. His clothes and body were as worn out as his mind felt. The discomfort and pain were masked only by the drugs that had ruined his life and the life of his only friend. His eyes threatened to explode but he managed to keep the tears from streaming down his face. He was yelling crazy things. Desperately trying to get anyone to notice him.’
‘What are your real memories?’
‘After a long time, my voice gave out. I sat in silence. Another stranger approached. I decided to stare at this one. As I looked up, I was amazed to see kindness in their eyes.’
‘Who was that stranger? Have you seen them since?’
‘The eyes turned angry, the stranger stopped suddenly and pointed at me. “Get up. It doesn’t matter what you’ve done or how bad it is. You can get up and try again. I believe in you.” My mouth hung open, I was dazed. The stranger’s hand was not pointing at me, it was reaching out and the eyes weren’t angry but full of empathy. I reached up and grabbed my last chance to live.’
‘Who helped you?’
‘Cooper.’ Delaney said the lie without hesitating. The believability of it would ensure the stranger would remain safe.
‘Raven will need some company. Lock him up but with this one you can keep him forever. Have a nice, slow and painful death.’ Lipowski said as she walked away.
‘I don’t believe you,’ Avery whispered. ‘But your secret is safe with me. I can help you find that stranger. Your mind may be trying to block it out to protect them.’
His eyes widened as he realised the truth.
She winked at him as she pressed her finger to her lips. Her red hair was like fire but it was her amber eyes that were burning.
‘Amy Hutton save me.’
‘Once was more than enough.’



59



Raven peered through the eyes of the concrete mask that sat above the display door. It was the only way to see outside. All the windows were fake just like the faded ivory exterior. In the distance, she expected to see Delaney. He was not there, she panicked. It had taken her too long to crawl through the different levels of the maze. Even with Lipowski’s map, she had lost her way. She sprinted into position and tried to shake away her frustration.
The only access to the bathroom was through a stinky crawl space. It was restrictive and the floor was a sticky mess. She covered her mouth and squirmed through the sludge.
Captured by her own fear. She was becoming more trapped by it as time ticked by. A dull click clack that bounced from one ear to the other. It compounded her panic and turned her from a competent woman into a trembling wreck. She was no where near a shell of her former self. The overwhelming events that once reduced her to tears but released her afterwards, now refused her access to her mind and previous personality.
She was a robot of fear and loathing that no one could help. A mechanical being intent on its own destruction. Unwilling to compromise on the doom it had set out to create. A sense of tragedy that had always attached itself to her skin was now digging beneath the layers trying to find something of substance. No longer content to eat her from the outside. Its attention was purely focused on her insides. As it targeted her until she became as putrid and repulsive as the smell of death that clung to her victim’s skin. She could feel their corruption burrowing through her. Now she no longer cared about anything. Not even the fact that she no longer cared. She hated herself so much that she would take all of the punishment, even if it did not belong to her.
Deaf to it all, she was stuck in her imagination. In a realm that felt safer but its flimsy design would not hold her for long. Finally she made it to the smeared surface of the distorted mirror. Her eyes were drawn to the implement. It sat next to her, staring into her deepest desires. She was unable to resist. It moved through the air as she brought it closer to her face. She started to rip apart her mask. Her distinguished career had been a long one, with many faces and identities. But for a while now she had not been able to escape this face.
A cutting pain burrowed into her. It was a pain that she had always felt, a pain she now felt naked without. The swatches poured down Raven’s face as the ruddy mixture made its way down her chin and dropped onto her t-shirt. A pit-a-patter that delighted her. She stared at the mirror while she assessed the damage. There was no sadness only euphoria as the mask was destroyed.
Drool trickled down her chin as she rested against the damp bathroom wall. Apart for the occasional lapse into her nightmares, she was stable. But now she was just as damaged as her mask. She created her own misery and because of that she knew there was more punishment ahead.
An enormous weight crashed into her skull. Her veins twitched against the discomfort. A lingering fatigue that was unshakeable. She strained against the weight as it started to slip from her grasp. The more she tried to cling to it, the further it fell from her.
Her fingers were numb. The edges of her fingertips were the last contact she had with the heavy object before it came crashing down with an enormous thud on her thigh.
A dark figure pinned her to the wall.
‘Time to die for your choice. It was the wrong one,’ Avery whispered.
‘Where’s Delaney?’
‘I killed him.’
‘How? With poison? He probably made it.’ Raven gasped as Avery’s face fell. ‘Was it with poison?’
‘It was Barker’s poison, nothing can counteract that. Even if there was he’s dead now,’ Avery growled as Raven laughed.
‘Delaney’s not dead.’
‘Mmm that’s fine because I’m going to squeeze the life out of you.’
‘Alexander’s dead but I’m more valuable alive.’
‘That was the plan, right? Well let’s see how they cope when their plan falls through.’ Avery’s hands were cold as they wrapped around Raven’s neck. ‘You and Delaney were trying to take me down. But that won’t work now. Olivia Enfield poisoned Perry but not before he got the information we needed. We’ve known your plans for some time now.’
‘Tell someone that cares,’ Raven tried to move.
‘Oh,’ Avery shifted her weight. ‘You killed Olivia Enfield. Touché, so you knew what we were up too. I killed Cooper now—’
‘Kill me too. I don’t care.’
‘Why aren’t you fighting back?’
‘You’re killing your son.’ Raven tried to shrug but Avery was still throttling her. ‘I saw all the blood. He may have bled out already.’
‘My son just fell into one of Lipowski’s traps, probably dead. I think you mean my grandson, why hurt him to begin with? He wasn’t the target you were.’
Raven’s tired brain tried to process the information. ‘You’ve been working against Lipowski this whole time, your actions just proved it.’
‘Duh, Lipowski’s too arrogant to ever believe you not that you’ll get the chance to tell her anyway.’
‘Let me go and I’ll save him.’ Raven squeaked before she lost her ability to speak.
‘I don’t need to control the outcome as long as the insanity spreads then I always win.’ Avery’s voice distorted as Raven’s vision blurred. ‘Ca ew till ear te?’
Raven placed the listening device on her shoulder.
‘What is that? A listening device.’
It clattered to the floor as Raven’s neck was released.
‘Who’s listening?’ Avery shook Raven’s shoulders.
‘I don’t need to tell Lipowski, you just did.’ Raven coughed.
‘Clever girl but that won’t save you.’
‘Cat Novak, is she dead too?’ Raven shook her head. ‘You don’t have a very good track record of keeping your promises.’
Avery gasped.
‘I don’t care what happens to me, never did, as long as you’re hunted into the ground. It’ll all be worth it.’
‘Why do you hate me that much? You’re basically willing to die for me. Is that love, hate or obsession?’
‘For you? No, with you.’ Raven pressed the button on the wall. The aerosol hissed as the poison filled the room.
‘You fool, I’m the decoy.’ Avery squeaked as she fell. ‘Perry’s the one who hurt you. He’s the architect of your demise.’
Raven was taken aback.
‘He locked up his wife to prevent her from saving their child.’
‘I let her go and she died.’ As Raven spoke, she fought against the memories. ‘The information Alex had didn’t match my memories I assumed he was lying to me.’
‘Perry changed it. You’ll rue the day you ever messed with him.’
‘The drug will wear off soon.’
‘He’s coming. You’ve killed us both,’ Avery’s voice was garbled.
‘Cat’s out of the bag,’ Perry sneered as he poisoned his ally. ‘Don’t need you anymore.’
Avery started to violently convulse.
‘You let my wife leave her cage. Why?’ Perry was morose.
‘Boredom mostly. I let a lot of people out that day.’ Raven felt a jab of fear strike her body. ‘Was that the eminent Amy Hutton? Did you just kill your mother?’
‘Mother? You and I don’t know the meaning of the word. No wonder we’re so f—’
‘Hell no I’m not that bad. I can’t believe you would ever compare our actions. You’re psycho.’
‘Frivolous justification.’
‘I guess we’re all just as bad as each other.’
‘No. That doctor forgave you but she refused to forgive my wife. Instead she slaughtered her. I rescued her body and—’
‘Left your son soaked in blood, sitting next to his grandfather as he slowly bled out.’ Her mind hovered above her body. ‘Hypocrite.’
‘I never wanted that brat. My wife was all I wanted and your mother took her from me. You’ll keep. But the scourge that calls itself a doctor is about to be eradicated,’ Perry’s eyes darted around before he faded away.



60



Zoe squirmed. The pain in her arms was intense as she untangled her plastic weapon from her clothes. It was an awkward position to be in but she was determined to escape. She could hear her blood dripping down onto the ground. The blood made it difficult for her to hold onto the knife as her efforts to free herself made her bleed. She tightened her grip on it while she tried to hide her movements.
The rope started to fray. She had to catch her arms as the lack of tension made them drop.
‘Just kill her so we can go,’ Fincher shouted as she tugged at Perry’s torn clothes.
He flinched and cradled his injured arm. ‘I can’t deal with you right now. My arm feels like it was ripped off and then someone hit me with it for an hour. Lipowski’s such a d—’
‘Your actions were reckless and stupid, that’s why you’re injured.’ She tried to touch his blood.
He pulled away.
‘Hurry up. I need her bones for a lamp.’ Fincher whined.
‘I’m getting Avery,’ Perry walked away as he yelled over his shoulder. ‘Don’t do anything until I get back.’
Fincher waited for him to leave before she shoved a piece of paper in Zoe’s face. ‘Perry killed Eddie, the night Hutton died. That’s where Perry was.’
‘Why are you telling me this?’ Zoe flinched.
‘Because genius, if Perry was with Nash, Eddie and Alexander in the atrium. How could he also be killing Hutton?’
‘What’s your point?’
‘Duh, I know who killed Hutton.’
‘Really?’ Zoe laughed. ‘I don’t believe you.’
‘About Perry or…’
‘You don’t know who killed Hutton.’ Zoe shook her head.
‘Well now. Of course I do,’ Fincher smiled. ‘It was you.’
Zoe’s eyes widened.
‘Oh yes, I knew. Why won’t you admit it?’ Fincher’s fingers tugged at the piece of paper as she ripped it.
‘I gave him to his enemy and she pushed him into the elevator and watched him as it caused irreparable damage. We weren’t at the morgue, we were at Terger Headquarters.’ Zoe pressed her lips together as she tried to stop the words but they continued to tumble out. ‘Days later Delaney killed him for Lipowski, they were both… at that stage there was nothing I could do. But you’re right, he let his guard down because I was there.’
Fincher threw the paper in Zoe’s face. ‘Why?’
The tiny pieces fell all around Zoe as she pressed her lips together but the tears flowed down her cheeks.
‘Tears?’ Fincher laughed. ‘Bit late for that. Why would you help Lipowski?’
‘To save myself,’ Zoe squeaked. The pain was intense. She had not been prepared for the awkward position and extra restrains.
‘All that effort, same result.’ Fincher raised the knife.
‘Is this revenge for your son, Riesman?’ Zoe blurted out as she tried to buy herself some more time.
‘No, you may have done me a favour there. I want you.’
‘Ew,’ Zoe shivered. ‘Please don’t look me in the eye and say that.’
‘You’re an enigma. The last of your kind. This could be my only chance to mount you on my wall.’
‘Please tell me you mean you’re going to kill me.’ Zoe grimaced.
‘Of course. I’m a collector. Infamous for my beautiful and rare pieces of art.’
‘That’s enough, Fincher go back to your matchstick house.’ Delaney’s soothing voice echoed around the small space.
‘Oh,’ Fincher curled her lip. ‘Why are you here? To save her maybe?’
‘No, to kill you.’
Fincher stumbled back.
‘You, you’re the reason Amy just tried to kill me. But she forgot one important point.’ Delaney raised his arms up as he grinned. ‘I’m the master of poison.’
‘No arguments here,’ Fincher trembled. ‘That’s why I needed you to die. They want you to live, they need your poisons. That’s why Amy wanted you to die, nothing personal. But I hate the bodies that die by your poison. Their spirits are tainted. I can’t create anything with your garbage, so just die already.’
‘Interesting,’ Zoe smirked. ‘I was going to participate but I think I’ll just watch the show.’
‘Die,’ Fincher screamed as she tried to throw the knife.
‘Made from human remains,’ Delaney picked up Fincher’s lamp and used it to deflect the knife. ‘Your son I believe.’
‘Perry!’ Fincher shrieked.
‘Feel free to beg.’ Delaney dropped the lamp and threw something at Fincher’s face. ‘I prefer poison. I’m a lazy killer but don’t worry it’ll still be very painful.’
Fincher crumpled to the ground and sobbed.
‘It doesn’t happen that quick.’ Delaney winked at Zoe. ‘How refreshing for once I have all the power.’
‘I think you’ve misread the situation.’ Zoe stood.
‘What do huh?’ He gasped.
The rope coiled around her ankles.
‘How—’ Delaney’s forehead crinkled.
‘You sold us out and tried to kill me at least once. There was certain information that could only have come from you.’ Her arms relaxed by her side. ‘Misinformation really—’
‘Alex is dying out there, Cooper shot him. Only I can save him. Stop wasting time fixing your hair and let’s go.’
‘Shh,’ Zoe grabbed the necklace out of her hair and pressed the button.
‘Eight, nine, six, three, six, seven, nine, six, eight.’ Alexander’s voice filled the dank space.
‘What was that?’ His eyes flashed when he saw the weapon.
‘The end of the world as you know it.’ Zoe threw the knife.
‘Wait—’
‘You were wrong on a couple of details. I’ve been trying for a long time to get back into the atrium. It’s such an exclusive club,’ she stepped over the rope and ripped the knife out of Delaney’s neck. ‘Invitation only.’
His hand shook as he tried to stop the blood.
‘I wasn’t forced here against my will.’ Zoe smiled as she stroked his cheek. ‘You let me in.’



61



The clouds were dark wisps. They contrasted against the light blue sky. A tingling feeling of discomfort made its way up Lipowski’s exposed legs. They were bearing the brunt of the attack. The grass was full of tangled weeds, her shoes crunched against the roots. She grunted against the strain, her clothes were wet with sweat. The twine dug into her fingers as it cut off the blood supply from her hands. A weird feeling was in the tips of her fingers, she could not feel them. It was so tender that she felt like her fingers were being cut off.
‘How many times do I have to tell you not to use that room. Thanks for delivering my enemy on a plate but I needed you to be in Erase about an hour ago. What part of co-ordinated attack, did you not get?’ Her brow was full of sweat, but she ignored it. ‘My contact is going to pick up your paralysed body and hopefully by the time you reach your destination, you’ll be back to your annoying self.’
Raven twitched as Lipowski let her go.
‘I take it that means you understand?’ Lipowski shook her head in disgust.
‘Delaney switched out the poison otherwise I would be dead.’ Raven’s voice surprised Lipowski.
‘You can move. Did you just make me carry you for nothing?’ Lipowski gritted her teeth before she started to panic as she looked back at the atrium. ‘Avery. S—’
‘Relax, I can’t move.’ Raven was irreverent. ‘Delaney wanted to talk to Avery about something so he adapted the poison. But he never showed up.’
‘What? You never said. Is that why you were in Aves. Instead of listening to me, you were planning something with him?’
‘Our plan was easier—’
‘Traitor! I should let you rot.’
‘Just listen.’
‘No you listen, Delaney’s dead. He killed Fincher then Zoe killed him. What are you going to do now? Betray me again? You’re running out of accomplices.’
‘Listen to me. Perry E—’
‘No, I’m going to find Avery and make sure she is incapacitated then I’m coming back here and killing you. On the way there and back, I’m going to think of about the most painful and slowest way to kill you.’ Lipowski turned and stomped away.
Raven’s voice was hoarse. ‘Perry’s the master blind cheese running bore chew.’
The words were fading away as the distance and damage to Raven’s voice took its toll.
‘Stupid worthless pieces of junk. Delaney was tripping on poison just like Cooper, fooled by the foolish Avery. Idiots the lot of them. They’re just wasting my time, why the hell do I put up with their inanity?’
A low rumble made her lift her head.
‘What the hell?’ Lipowski increased her stride. Her eyes flickered around the neglected building. It was mess. The tall trees that once guarded the pristine path were sideways. Her masterpiece was a tangled extension of nature instead of a momentum to her.
An object came tumbling out of the wall. She squinted. The object had blonde hair.
‘Hey,’ Lipowski growled as she sprinted forward.
Kershaw smiled and dashed past her.
‘There’s no where to go that you can hide from me. I control everyone. I’m everywhere. I—’ Lipowski’s words caught in the back of her throat.
A man was standing in the distance. Blood was dripping down his clothes. The necklace was glinting off the setting sun. He raised his hand and smiled.
‘Alexander?’ She screamed and reached out to him. ‘Don’t!’
His eyes flashed as his pressed the button.
Lipowski spun around and sprinted forward. Before she could reach it, she was thrown backwards as her atrium exploded. Her eyes were blinded. The last thing she felt were the shards of her building as they dug into her flesh.
