Tales of Jinks Montreal
Copyright Beth Hoyer 2015
Published at Smashwords
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Prologue:
"So tell me a story involving Jinks Montreal." The Recorder asked to the Storyteller. 
The Recorder as typed found the Storyteller appearing to not hear her talk. 
There was an ear shattering like meow then the Storyteller wound up speaking the story, the Recorder labeled once the storytelling was done "Tales of Jinks Montreal."
The Recorder wound up typing what the Storyteller said to her word to word. This is what the Storyteller, Nikolas Montreal, cloned copy of Jinks Montreal as known by Recorder and few select people, including among natives of planet Aire, as his son, said appearing to be a great deal of suffering and horror. He appeared after awhile to indicate the story was about the original, Jinks Montreal, being put down deposed, followed by his clones' or copies of him, memories fully in mind. 

Story Begins:
Jinks woke up hearing a ringing like sound, jerking his eyes open with a start to discover himself, wearing nothing on his form but restrained to some hard metal bed with the ceiling curved, in an arch an arm length above him. He stiffened recognizing the ceiling as he felt the familiar pain hitting his feet, raised his head to stare at his feet, was the familiar tube with a laser coming from it, and aimed at his body. Jinks struggled against the restraints holding him to the bed, as the laser slowly made its way to his ankles, bringing pain. He found himself hit with electrical currents of pain, each time he yanked at the restraints, from the back of his neck, hitting him there, that vibrated throughout his entire body. Jinks felt his reaction to the laser’s pain, was the same as before, as it slowly traveled up his body. He gritted his teeth and with a jerk, yanked at the restraints, only to feel a powerful charge of electrical currents of pain, vibrated throughout him, in his body that made him gasp, loudly repeatedly. 
Jinks spoke out loud “Why are you doing this? You already did this to me before. You don’t need to do this again.” 
He grimaced from the pleading in his voice tone, as he heard nothing but silence, as his answer, to his words, as the laser traveled up his legs, bringing pain. Jinks jerked against the restraints, only to feel the familiar charge of electrical currents of pain, hit him each time, he struggled to free himself. He eyed the laser as it traveled to his sensitive part, hitting him there, and made his eyes water, from the stinging pain, which made him gasp out cries of pain. He continued to cry, as the laser traveled up his upper body then his neck followed, by reaching his face that made him scream from its touch. Jinks felt himself passing out unconscious, as the laser hit his eyes, surrendered to the darkness consuming his eyes sight, followed by losing sensation of everything around him, including his body, then there was nothing in his mind of who he was- 

The storyteller paused from telling the story to frown then got compelled to speak spoke further of the story.

Jinks woke up by impulse, to feel a hand remove itself, from his forehead which he jerked open his eyes, looking around, feeling himself in a bed with his head, on a pillow and blankets covering his form, while feeling himself wearing a hospital gown on him. He heard a throat clearing noise sounding on his left, looked focusing his eyes, on a man, with long brown hair with blue eyes that looked friendly, that seemed familiar, staring at him while wearing sweatshirt top and tan pants, on the male’s form. He stared at the male with confusion, running through him, wondering why the man was familiar. 
Jinks frowned as the male, spoke sounding familiar “So we meet again like I oath we would to Samira.”
He frowned as the name Samira, seemed familiar to him, as an image of a woman, with tan skin, flashed in his mind wearing a blue dress, which he figured it was her. 
He stared at the male who continued to speak “The name is Robert, and I have wanted to meet you again, waiting for years, since you were put to sleep status, to sleep.” 
He frowned as Robert, he assumed, paused from talking, as he got a headache. He stiffened as an image, of a female, lying on a hospital bed with black hair, face similar to Robert, which her legs were bent and a medic pulled out a baby, a boy from her. Jinks continued to stiffen as he got eye sight views, appearing to be himself, raising the baby, with the female, who grew up to be similar to Robert, standing next to his bed. 
He felt himself stiffening as an alien, monotone, voice spoke in his mind “Robert is your son with a female named Katherine, who you raised with her.” 
He stiffened further hearing the words, realizing, that it belonged to a Meritanian and wasn't sure which one. He realized that the Meritanian was correct about that Robert being his son, from the memories popping in his mind, showing him raising the man who never aged from twenty six years old, over the years, as the headache went away. Jinks stared at Robert with recognition in his eyes which his son nodded his head, with an identical look in his eyes, before putting a finger to his lips. 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Robert removed his finger, to move his mouth, without using his voice which he lips read “There are listening devices in the room, I can sense them. The fewer people know about me being your son, the better off, I am alive. I’m so sorry about Victoria. I wasn’t able to save her, due to the assassin, dubbed Margo, using her voice on me, knocking me out and poisoned her to death. Her body's been cremated and her death declared via car explosion with this mysterious twin of hers taking her place and using the Veronica Thomas name.”
Jinks exhaled a breath as Robert kept on mouthing “Anyway the assassin in question, Margo, was found in a lock up cell with her head cut off from her body with weapon and assassin no where to be found. Recording of Margo, in her cell, show her, pacing, before looking at the door, widen her eyes and backing up to hit the wall, with fear on her face, and screaming of terror, before the recorders were cut off, that didn’t show what happened to her. After that the recording came on to show her head was off her body and she dead.”
He frowned as Robert paused to look away then looked back at him, before again mouthing “The cops at the precinct are claiming that they saw no one enter the precinct, or enter the cell she was in, or hearing her scream of terror. Recordings of the building show that there were blackouts, of someone entering the place to Margo’s cell then leaving, which cops in the recording, before blackouts, have claimed to not see anyone and are pointing the person, who did the crime, as a Builder, which Builders have been disputing that, by claiming, that someone else did it.” 
Jinks frowned as he heard a loud knocking sound, saw Robert look away before again looking at him before mouthing “It’s the guard at the door telling me that my visiting time is up. We’ll meet again when the time is right.” 
He nodded his head as Robert leaned down, putting a hand on his forehead and he felt the sleepiness arrive, hitting him, shut his eyes, feeling himself falling asleep, again in a tube from the feel of it but this time remained inclined to sleep and dream. Jinks dreamed of himself facing the Meritanians, he not sure which one, despite seeing two who was frowning. 
He stared at the male Meritanian, wearing a white hooded robe and all red eyes, who spoke “The assassin that killed off Margo was the Bloodies as they call themselves, who the High Council dubbed the Horsemen for their species being twin to Drainers but more human looking.”
He stiffened hearing that as the Meritanian, he recognized as Tank, kept talking “Anyway a Horseman were transported to the city by the Meritanians, the big Three with orders courtesy of the High Council to assassinate Margo, whom they did then transport back once they were done. As for the recordings’ blackouts their not filmable and that they can hide themselves from people, only seen to people, whenever they want to do that.” 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Tank continued speaking “Oh that meeting with Robert? It was courtesy of Robert’s begging to the High Council, before they were kicked off Aire, through the Meritanians to arrange it. He’s somehow aware of the High Council and their manipulations involving you, who I’m not sure how he found out. I suspect a Highlander, either working for the High Council, or against them, told him of that and they must be responsible for arranging the meeting, due to reading it in his mind. Besides the High Council has been kicked out of planet Shadan aka Aire as it's referred now."
Jinks frowned but didn't comment a response as the female Meritanian spoke "The High Council used one of your four sons, to pose as you as King Winter with Mindbender to shatter bodies in killing people including disturbing the peace."
Jinks felt annoyance take hold as he heard snickering like laughter including hearing the word joke spoken in his mind confusing him.
Jinks frowned as the female Meritanian, he recognized as Merra spoke "You'll be given every single one of your four sons' memories, once you wake up, enough to feel like them. They were transported off Aire by Ramses doing it to them, manipulating the four to go onto one of those warships, belonging to one of the species, with the other Humans who left the planet” 
He nodded his head as Ramses spoke his familiar question, felt his eyes forced shut, came to hearing a familiar alarm clock sound, lurched up with a start, to discover, he was in the penthouse, in the bedroom, while wearing nothing but pajama pants. Jinks, as he recalled himself as named as someone else instead of the Jinks' name, looked around the room, discovering that things were the same as before. He exhaled a breath got up from the bed and went into the bathroom to stare at the sink counter, seeing his familiar black clothing folded on top of it with sneakers down below it, along with his face, still having the scarring mark on his face to his disgust. He sighed and stripped himself of his pajama pants, then entered the shower stall, finding his settings the same as before and proceeded to cleanse himself thoroughly. Once done he walked out to grab a towel then dried himself, followed by putting the towel away on the warming rack in the wall, then went to the clothes putting them on along with the sneakers. He stared at himself in the mirror which he found a brush sitting next to the sink, brushed his hair an entirely smooth black color and left the bathroom going to the bedroom doors. Jinks paused to raise a hand bowing his head and shutting his eyes. 
He saw an overhead view of outside, the room, showing a familiar butler, a Builder via the golden eyes seen, glancing over head as he heard "I'm called Carrick." 
Jinks frowned seeing the butler, he figured, was named Carrick, standing out there that looked up with confusion, in his face before staring at the doors. Jinks opened his eyes rising up his head and went to the doors yanking them open to see Carrick standing in his familiar spot, with a familiar look on his face, he recognized from butlers. He exhaled a breath and went to the dining room followed by the butler and sat at the table hearing Carrick going into the kitchen. Jinks frowned as a female arrived, carrying a tray which she set down in front of him, then stepped back staring at him which he figured that she wanted him to eat. 
Jinks obeyed eating all of the food and drinking all of the drink without any complaints then spoke "Your name Ma'am?"
He got from her "Its Emma. I'm to assist my husband the cook with food preparations for you and your guests to eat around here." 
He gave her a head bob, then got up once done and walked out of the dining room aiming to go to the TV room and discovered himself going to the library room which he went inside to sit in an armchair, only to feel a book between the cushion and armchair. Jinks reached behind him and yanked out the book, with a bookmark stuck in it, appearing to be a romance novel by a male on the cover baring his muscled chest while wearing some odd clothing. He sighed and slammed the book on the table next to him and leaned back in the chair head touching it with eyes staring at the open doors. He frowned as Carrick came into view clearing his throat while pausing to stand into the room. 
He straightened up his form to stare at Carrick who spoke “You’re wanted in the lobby. Visitors can’t come up, invasion of privacy according to new laws set on this land in Aire.”
Jinks sighed and got up walking out of the room passed the butler who he sensed didn’t follow him. He went to the elevator and got on it with throat clearing noises from the guards, used his Source, mental abilities involving his voice's change, abilities to make the elevator move to the lobby floor, stood with arms folded as it made its descendant. He frowned as the elevator stopped reaching the lobby floor and doors opened which he walked out to see his familiar guards standing in the room with three men wearing suits standing nearby them all wearing sunglasses with one being a blonde and the others having black hair. Jinks walked up to the men as one a blonde held up a wallet unfolding it identifying himself and his companions as state police, he confused to why they were wearing suits instead of regular police uniforms. 
Jinks frowned as the male identifying himself as Kenny Yuma spoke “Just to ask you some questions involving a recent death.” 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Kenny’s companion held up a round circular head sized device towards him which he felt himself filmed. 
Kenny continued “I would like to inform you that Montoya Ramos’ car exploded in fire and Ramos’ body was later found and identified in it. We have recordings of Ramos himself entering the car and then it blew up. What do you know of that?”
Jinks spoke “I don’t know much about that.” 
He paused as a memory of Tam-Mykola MacLeod's time at the prison Ramos was commissioner flashed in his mind.
Jinks continued recalling himself as his four sons, actually four clones of him “I should add that I stayed in the prison Ramos was commissioner of and got the impression that the man had a grudge against me for killing his brother from the way things were there. Also I heard from one of the prisoners that Ramos shot to death a prisoner named Beer Hettinger dubbed Boss among the prisoners whose family has a long standing grudge against me.”
He paused to frown with his lips feeling annoyed with what he said, as Kenny’s lips formed a thin line before the male spoke “Anything else besides that?” 
He shook his head no and got a disgusted sound from Kenny who added “Thanks for your time. Don’t change locations unless we tell you to get that?”
He nodded his head and watched the state police leave through the entrance doors walking out of sight. He stood in the lobby and peered through the glass doors seeing past the guards were a crowd of people held back by rope barricades with devices in their hands that flashed white lights as he saw some of those people held microphones while appearing to be gesturing to behind them to a person holding a device identical to the cops' video recording recorder. Jinks groaned and walked to the elevators entering one as gestured by the nearest guard pointing a finger at it and ordered for penthouse which he felt it move going up. He folded his arms head bowed to stare at the floor as the elevator made its ascendant. 
He felt the elevator stop raised his head to see the doors open showing Carrick standing there that spoke “I’m to lead you to where you’re needed to go.” 
He nodded his head as Carrick walked inside and watched the butler pressed a numbered button on the elevator console. He felt the elevator move going through floors then stopped with doors opening. He wordlessly followed Carrick out into a hallway passed double doors with labels on them he didn’t bother to read till the butler reached a set of doors knocked on it in code of three knocks then opened a door gesturing him to go inside. Jinks walked inside hearing the door shut behind him feeling himself filmed to see he was in a circular room with a spotlight over a table and there was a male wearing a suit appearing to be familiar sitting at the table facing the doors alone. 
He frowned as the male spoke sounding familiar “I never thought we would meet so here we are, again meeting after you stayed in prison.” 
Jinks heard from Tank “He’s Robert Montreal, whose part of an immortal Human race called Zeskaya that is hiding in planet Aire, from the natives and from the influence of the assassination attempts by the High Council, who were later kicked out of the planet, by Edenia and her minions, getting into the planet from her moon world.” 
Jinks stiffened as memories of his original of his clone status Jinks Montreal, flashed in his mind with the last memory of his original, brought down by the High Council, he confused to what he was remembering. 
He folded his arms as the male spoke “I see you recognized me, Robert Montreal son of your original of your clone status. I managed to survive the assassination attempt of the High Council rigging my car blowing up incident, only to come back as King Winter which you have met me holding the title.”
Jinks stiffened as he got memories of King Winter living with him in the penthouse flashing in his mind as Robert, he assumed continued talking “I gave up the title years ago when it was apparent that I was no longer needed to be King Winter and passed the crown onto someone else. Anyway took me awhile till I could get my life back with the help of my descendants who I believe you met one of them named Donald.”
Jinks nodded his head as memories of a man named Donald flashed in his mind as Robert kept on talking “Anyway Donald in question is still serving a prison term in another state. He has about a year to go before he’ll be done. He’s grateful that I came into his life when he needed someone to take over his business and family affairs which probably explains why King Winter said it was time for me to stop holding the title. The Cold Lord must have sensed Donald and his problem dumped me in Donald’s building. Donald recognized me from my looks and told me of his problems with the law along with problems involving his business and family affairs due to needing someone to handle them. Donald for some reason wound up guilty and sentenced to prison despite his lawyer giving a very good defense against the prosecutor that did a shoddy job harrumph.” 
Jinks shrugged as Robert paused to narrow his eyes aimed at him with them turning all black making him annoyed to see. He figured that Robert wanted him to say something by the eye narrowed expression. He showed his own Source abilities, to see the male giving off a hiss of breath loudly, before willing aside his eyes back to Human blue, which he willed aside the Source and flared his own Human black eyes. 
He spoke “Well it explains why you as King Winter seemed dedicated to me during my time of problems hitting me. Thanks for that anyway.” 
Jinks paused as Robert bobbed his head then again gave him the narrowed eyed look while again displaying the Source, which he added “You have kept yourself well informed of the situation involving my original, Jinks Montreal, starting back years till now?”
He stared at Robert who spoke, using a creepy cruel voice tone “I’m well informed by the Table members due to being one of them about you, clones and Jinks Montreal the original, put down asleep somewhere I'm not sure where. The Table members verbalized a summary about that along with how to find sources of the records for further questions about you and the others, so I’m well informed.” 
Jinks nodded his head as Robert continued talking “I admit some things to you, years ago, after I heard the news involving you and the others, I asked several of the guards, Highlander and Human alike to work on becoming federal agents to bring down the Highlanders, family of the High Council living on the mainland, for their crimes. The FBI as its referred is now calling itself State Police, despite every continent and island on Aire is jointly underneath a ruler dubbed Lance Richard."
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as Robert kept speaking "It took them awhile but only four were accepted into the FBI which one of them wound up assigned to the prison a prisoner named Hettinger, was kept in, to target you, with assassination while you stayed there. The assassination attempts by Hettinger and cronies were on High Council orders. The spy in prison wound up focused, onto keeping an eye on that buffoon and on Montoya Ramos, instead of anyone else. That Human in question was an Amula who was able to integrate into the prison. This Amula in question rigged the cameras aimed on you, Hettinger and Ramos to broadcast elsewhere in the Master Organization to keep an eye on you three, from knowing the High Council's influence was on two of those men omitting you.”
He frowned as Robert paused to chuckle some laugh before continuing speaking “Ramos wound up shooting Hettinger to death which that Amula spy managed to get the recording in Hettinger’s family’s hands. The Hettinger family is responsible for blowing up Ramos with his car due to using some Peasant loyal to you to rig it to go up in flames. That Peasant in question is in federal agents’ hands arrested by them that figured out who rigged the car due to that idiot left a scroll with the Master Lance Richard on it nearby having his fingerprints on it. They traced the scroll’s fingerprints to that Peasant who had a prior criminal record involving being caught attempting to rig a car belonging to the Highlanders, High Council's own people or family to blow up by an undercover police officer, a Highlander working for the High Council. That idiot in question has been responsible for blowing up several cars belonging to the High Council serving on the mainland, and he has never killed any of them but has done the blown ups whenever their near the car just to rattle them.”
He frowned forming it on his lips as Robert kept talking “As for that Peasant there’s a rumor going around that the High Council's own spies, the Meritanians, caught him about to rig one of their cars. The Meritanians were said to make a deal with him to rig Ramos’ car to blow up as long as the plants work on having the High Council drop the vendetta against Jinks Montreal, which I doubt that’ll happen. I think, since the High Council left planet side, I think the remaining servants, doubts having that vendetta against you, and whoever in Jinks Montreal's family, according to rumor heard started from the Meritanians talking to the Peasant group and have reached the Table members. Scotland is checking that out at the moment but they’ll let us know what’s going on with the remaining servants of the High Council left behind.” 
Jinks nodded his head as Robert stopped talking to glare at him with narrowed eyed looks including still displaying his all black eyed look to his annoyance.
He figured that Robert wanted him to say something recalled a memory of Jinks Montreal's time spoke "You know anything of the views of the current servants of the High Council towards Jinks Montreal?”
He frowned as Robert spoke “I heard by rumor spread by the Meritanians to the Peasants that reached Table members’ ears that the remaining High Council members, after they did away with deposing your original, wound up having a feud among each other. Reason for that is the vendetta against your original being deposed on a permanent basis unsure how wound up happening. Some members are fighting on whether to drop the grudge or continue with it hence they had a little civil war in the process. Happened before the High Council played their last stunt of kicking out aliens out of planet Aire which Edenia had to get involved and give them an ultimatum. They took the skies as a result and haven't been back since, despite servants' still remaining planet bound and still fighting among each other to keep up the High Council's views or do something else.” 
Jinks nodded his head hearing Robert's words-

The Storyteller was interrupted by a sound of disgust sounding loudly which he gave a glare in response at the one who gave up the noise.
"Ignore Dalton." He heard as he continued speaking the story ignoring the voice's comment.

Jinks frowned from the memory of his conversation with Robert, as the elevator reached the penthouse floor and Carrick disappeared from view which he figured that the butler used some super speed move to get away from him. He didn’t protest walked out of the elevator to stand in the living room letting himself brood in this thoughts about the federal agents’ questioning him. He frowned as he walked to the library and went to sit in a chair to again feel a book between the cushion and the chair which he yanked out and placed it on the table next to him. He leaned back staring at the open doors with a frown on his face still thinking to himself of what the federal agents asked him and what Carrick told him. He exhaled a breath to feel himself tensed up which he got up and went out of the library into the hallway heading to the gym room which he threw open the doors and went inside the room. He felt the familiar filming sensation sighed and got down on the floor in a perfect split and began doing his stretching exercises willing himself to become less tensed up. Jinks swung himself with a karate move and proceeded to do a karate Kata till he finished with a bow towards the mirror wall. He eyed the wall on his right to see it empty of knife weapons and decorated with karate belts in different colors. He frowned as he eyed the wall on his left to see the targets were gone from it. Jinks heard an ahem sound from the door to find Carrick there that held up a familiar device in his hand that appeared to be a remote. 
Jinks got tossed the remote by Carrick who spoke "Something on the TV recorded for you to watch."
He frowned but went to the TV room to use the remote to start the TV's recording finding the scene shift from blue screen into something else. Jinks watched via the recording of himself lying in a bed appearing to look unconscious. He watched as himself was yanked off the hospital gown then lifted up and thrust into the tube followed by the tube filling up with eerie green liquid that bothered him then the tube he saw lifted itself up going vertical. He frowned watching it became vertical followed by blackness as the scene shifted to show something else as he recalled the tube status fully in mind. Jinks, recalling via his mind recalled he came to hearing voices talking sensing himself lying on a bed wearing an oxygen mask on the lower half of his face. He frowned sensing himself wearing a hospital gown and there was stiffness felt in his form. He groaned a soft sound as his eyes felt too heavy to open. He eavesdropped on the voices sounding in two male voice tones that seemed familiar. 
He listened as one voice spoke “It might take awhile till we find out if the experiment worked or not.”
Jinks frowned as the same male voice spoke “At least the experiment worked turning into four sons of Horus as predicted by the Seer.” 
He heard a throat clearing noise sounding like it came from the other male followed by prick of pain in his neck as a needle dart was injected and he felt himself losing sensation of his body and around him till there was nothing. 

The Storyteller frowned as the Recorder who was typing his story paused from typing as he paused from telling the story. He frowned lost in thought while staring at the table till a loud meow sounded loudly followed by a feeling of cat paws onto his shoulder and purring of a cat with face rubbing his ear. He sighed as the Recorder gave him a familiar glare indicating him to keep on speaking the story. The Storyteller obeyed to speak from memory despite snickering laughter of the Meritanians, mostly Tank sounding in his mind. He ignored Tank snickering in his mind as he recalled himself given the ability to tell when the Meritanians were playing jokes. He spoke the story ignoring the laughter sounding in Tank's voice in his mind he knew that Tank had made sure he would hear him anywhere all over Aire.

Jinks woke up hearing the sound of an alarm clock blare its noises. He jerked open his eyes and lurched up with eyes wide. He looked around to discover that he was in the penthouse in his bedroom alone and things looked the same as before. Jinks exhaled a breath to get up from the bed discovering he was wearing pajama pants. He headed towards the bathroom and went inside. 

Jinks came out dressed in his familiar black clothing and sneakers on his feet. His hair was brushed and he felt himself fine from the shower he had seeing that the bathroom was the same as before. Jinks went to the bedroom doors and paused staring at them which he forced himself to yank the doors open to stare with shock at the butler standing there in the butler’s familiar spot. He saw a human male with short blonde hair that flashed golden eyes of a Builder and appeared to look thirty years old to him. 
Jinks spoke “Um you are?”
He frowned as the Butler he assumed spoke “The name is James, Master Jinks and I’m your butler.”
Jinks nodded his head and walked by James sensing the male following him. He went to the dining room to see with shock Victoria, alive with her laptop, sitting at the table eating food. He frowned as he went to sit at the table in his familiar spot while hearing James go into the kitchen as he eyed Victoria he noticed had short brown hair. He saw that Victoria didn’t appear to be wearing her familiar neck device or devices around her wrists from eyeing them, despite her serving the High Council while wearing restraints. He frowned as the kitchen doors banged open showing a female with long pulled back blonde hair carrying a tray that set it down in front of him and gave him a look expecting him to eat. Jinks obeyed finding himself terribly hungry. He ate the food leaving nothing left and gulped down the drink then pushed the tray away from him. 
He spoke as the female bent down to pick his tray and Victoria's “You got a name, miss?”
He stared at her as she straightened up her form holding both trays and spoke “The name is Emma. The cook is my husband Matthew.” 
He nodded his head as she turned and entered the kitchen carrying both trays which he turned his attention towards Victoria seeing her looking at him with some serious expression on her face. 
Victoria spoke “Hit the gym room, Daddy.” 
He opened his mouth to protest and saw Victoria's face turn into a glare which he obeyed getting up from the table and went out of the dining room to the hallway which he took to the gym room while sensing her following him behind him. He reached the gym room doors swung them open then walked inside eyeing the room to feel the familiar filming sensation but sensed a difference with the room seeing that the mirrors were gone and the rest of the room remained the same. 
He frowned as Victoria spoke behind him “Stretch and show me some karate now.”
Jinks heard the firmness in Victoria's voice tone obeyed to sit on the floor doing his stretching exercises feeling his body for complaints which he sensed that he was still limber to his shock. He figured that his karate might be the same swung himself up with a karate move and found himself doing it perfectly. 
He thought to himself “What’s up with that?”
Jinks frowned as he eyed the black belt on the wall shrugged and went into a black belt Kata doing it finding his movements were the same as before he went down into his sleeping status which made him bewildered. He finished with a bow towards Victoria still holding her laptop to stare at her who gave off an hmm sound. 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Victoria spoke “The government back then after stalling on whether to pardon you or your son, Tam-Mykola MacLeod for the murder by a Builder, or not had a secret ballot vote which the result was to have you finish MacLeod's sentence which is all done now. You’re a free man as long as you follow the law. Sorry Daddy that you got blamed as MacLeod despite him went around as you actually.”
Jinks sighed hearing that as Victoria kept talking “The result of the ballot led to a new problem such as figuring out where to have you do the remainder of your sentence due to problems involving you and the people at the prisons you stayed at. It was decided to have you finish your sentence at the Zeskaya hospital in a life tube but a specialized one. There was an experiment discovered involving the life tubes which you were selected for the procedure. The experiment appears judging by your stretching ability and karate that it worked.”
Jinks exhaled a breath as Victoria paused to clear her throat then the she continued “The Meritanians with the help of others managed to convinced the High Council to free me from their services. Unfortunately I have to be careful on what I do among the Humans and other races or I’ll catch the eyes of the State Police as they call themselves, again and be forced in their service despite I inherited your special abilities. I was warned of that by someone belonging to a Highlander group called Scotland who told me that the High Council before they were kicked off Aire, have interests in finding someone who can predict the future. You’re aware that Barry has an ability to see events that happened elsewhere at the same time in his mind.”
He bobbed his head while staring at Victoria who continued talking “I’m told by a Highlander member of Scotland that the High Council unknowingly managed to give me the ability of detecting my mind being scanned from the Highlander proving it when scanning my mind. I’m also told that I don’t have the mental shield blocks to keep mind walkers out of my mind and warned on being careful on what I do just to avoid the High Council’s eyes and now the eyes of the State Police. Scotland managed to tell me of you being indisposed who I'm told that my twin or cloned double of mine, Victoria."
Jinks stiffened with shock hitting him as she kept on speaking "Convinced the High Council to take her along due to her love towards Tom aka Mindbender a servant of theirs."
Jinks groaned softly as the word "Joke" was spoken in his mind as he again heard the familiar snickering laughter within his mind in Tank's voice tone.
He frowned as Victoria's twin added "I managed convinced the public that Victoria after the High Council convinced public her dead, that she has a hidden twin sister which is me Veronica Thomas as publicity known but privately known as Yana Renova."
Jinks exhaled a breath but didn't comment a response as Yana he figured he'll refer her-

The Storyteller interrupted from telling the story by a female voice speaking "Hate it when you refer me as Yana."
The Storyteller gave Yana a glare in response followed by her resuming typing. He spoke the story ignoring Yana groaning loudly to each time he used the Yana name.

Yana spoke "I had to talk the Zesky Asylum's leader Jason out of to put me to sleep till it was time for you to wake up from your slumber. I wanted to continue on being Veronica Thomas the published author of writing works. She's still popular among the public in planet Aire. Mostly public natives are those who couldn't leave the planet via those warships and had to remain planet bound suffering from various complaints involving hell whatever it is. They depend on me and my stories to help them live for living in this planet that appears to suffer some kind of technological problem at the moment.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing Yana's words that paused from talking to frown staring at him. 
He figured that Yana wanted him to say something spoke “Oh.” 
He saw Yana's eyes narrow with some look in them that made him think it was a glare which he added “I don’t know what to say about this anyway.”
Jinks shrugged as Yana spoke “Well things are different from ten years ago such as technological advances but that's only involving literature reading like e-readers. Several things over the years have gotten advanced enough to improve people’s way of life which led to new problems such as people abusing things to a point of obsession including obsessed with trivial things that have nothing to do with improving people’s lives. One of those things involves the Master Organization and seeing you deity like as their Master and God.” 
Jinks frowned as Yana paused to clear her throat and then the she continued to speak “Five years ago, during you asleep, the Master Organization has gotten powerful enough to run the Humans or Earthari as their referred now, themselves along with catching people’s notice that aren’t in the group or your followers. Those people have brought the Master Organization to the public by blaring it in the tabloids revealing both you as their deity lord. It includes you, blamed as being MacLeod, being a convicted killer and the group which the press had a field day about it that the brouhaha lasted two years. MacLeod left off the planet before he was finished with his sentence transported by Ramses doing it, which a search was done to find you and you were found and blamed for his escaped status.”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as Yana nodded her head before kept speaking “I suspect the blabbing was done by the High Council, just prior to them being kicked out of Aire, I’m not sure of the reason. I think they were hoping to disband the Master Organization enough to make you an easy target for assassination. It’s too bad that this plan of theirs backfired on them when Edenia got involved and gave them two choices, either be disbanded or leave the planet via warships littering it and go elsewhere. They chose to leave the planet instead of disbanding.”
Jinks groaned loudly hearing that as Yana continued talking “The Master Organization had gotten too big to be disbanded which after the revealing and the brouhaha died down a bit, one of their male Table members made no secret of being part of the group ran for the King position. The King position is still used as leadership of the Humans on planet that are stuck planet side. He won by a near landslide victory defeating an opponent that was also in the Master Organization but in a lower position as a Royals member who like the Table member made no secret of being part of the group. The Table member in question is still holding the King position with a possibly of being reelected if he wins enough votes from people to keep on holding the position.”
Jinks frowned hearing Yana's words as she paused from talking to stare at him. 
He spoke “Just curious, who’s the one that won the King position anyway?”
He stared at Yana who spoke “I’m told his name is Burke Richardson. His opponent was a relative named Donald Marshall aka whoever was posing as that male at the time. The fact that both men were relatives wasn’t kept a secret along with being a part of the Master Organization. I suspect Donald lost due to that he was formerly convinced of a crime of blackmail and served a prison sentence for that which made people nervous of him due to not keeping it a secret which came out during a debate between him and Burke.”
Jinks frowned recalling both men in his mind sighed and spoke as Yana went silent “Oh I’m well acquainted with both men due to them playing a part of my life.” 
He heard a loud throat clearing noise which he shifted his eyes towards James standing in the doorway besides Yana that looked at the butler. 
James spoke “There’s a press conference happening outside at the front entrance regarding you being freed from prison along with being seen as a deity lord. I’m told to tell you that you should go and give a statement to the press. The press is not being put off by your spokesman a lawyer from McBroom and Associates by them insisting on you give a statement.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust as Yana spoke “Daddy, remember your time running for public offices? Use the training for that.” 
He exhaled a breath nodded his head and walked out of the gym room passed Yana who sat down and began typing onto the laptop, and James finding neither person had followed him which he went to the elevator and took it to the lobby. He exhaled another breath as he walked out and went to the front entrance glass doors to see a crowd of people some looking not Human to him, despite having Human like faces and some oddness involving ears, eyes and skin coloring, in a semi circle held back by rope barricades holding various devices in their hands aimed at a Highlander appearing to be wearing a suit standing in the middle appearing to be talking to them. He sighed and recalled his training running for public office running in his mind which he walked out and heard the crowd give up a loud gasp seeing him which he walked up to the Highlander that turned sideways face with a frown looking in his direction revealing a microphone stand. Jinks steeled himself to be calm reached the microphone and heard the Highlander’s words sounding in his mind. 
He heard “Their asking about you being freed from prison from doing your sentence and the Master Organization seeing you as a deity lord.” 
He bobbed his head in a short bob then spoke into the microphone “I’m doing quite well from being freed from prison.”
He frowned as he was asked questions about the Master Organization along with being their deity lord who he honestly explained that he was aware of that for awhile and didn’t bother to answer anymore questions when he heard the Highlander next to him mentally tell him to go inside which he obeyed. Jinks went inside ignoring the press and went to the penthouse which he went into the TV room shutting the doors behind him. He flopped on the couch and leaned back staring at the TV which he felt sleepiness figured that Tank wanted to talk to him who he leaned his head back and shut his eyes. Jinks dreamed of facing Tank who had arms folded with annoyance sensed from the Meritanian.
Tank spoke sounding annoyed “You in your sleep did that spirit possession body trick of yours, again.”
He groaned loudly recalling what Tank was talking about as the Meritanian continued speaking “Your target was the Amula in the prison regarding one called Nose who is now serving a life sentence in prison for killing off a fellow prisoner which was caused by you possessing him.” 
Jinks continued to groan loudly as Tank's red eyes became all black followed by feeling himself gagging by feeling an invisible hand on his throat he gulped seeing Tank had a hand up in his direction. 
Jinks gulped to figure out that Tank was granted special powers for controlling him in his Father, Lance's absence as the Meritanian spoke “I’m not amused that you keep pulling this joke whenever you’re in some sleep state. Nose wasn’t the only victim. There were several others in the prison that were targeted by you that are now serving life sentences in prison for killing people caused by you possessing them.” 
Jinks felt Tank's grip off his neck as there was a flash of light on his left which he looked to see Robert with arms folded standing there with a frown on his face. 
Jinks spoke sounding annoyed “You better have a good explanation for gagging me.” 
He felt himself gagged on the throat by Tank mentally again, which he turned his attention to and heard from the Meritanian speaking “Cut that not appropriate behavior towards your son now.” 
He gagged out as if compelled “but Father-“
He was interrupted by Tank speaking sounding of Lance to his shock “No buts, I mean it.” 
Jinks felt himself freed groaned loudly rubbing a hand on his throat as he shift his attention towards Robert. 
He heard Tank speak “So something I can do for you, Robert?”
Jinks frowned hearing the sarcasm in Tank's voice tone as Robert spoke “Not much predecessor. The Meritanians, Tank and Merra are doing fine posing as Walls and Kiddy on planet Earth."
He stiffened hearing that as Robert continued speaking "Walls and Kiddy have managed to evolve themselves to become Tank and Merra via personality wise including taking a bit of Lance Richard's personal mental power abilities and Lance's personality to take over his position. They’ve grown up quite a bit to inherit some of the power ability but their not as strong as I am with it or strong as Father with it either, Mostly can't do earthquakes but they can choke us and whoever here. Including decide on who should receive the Master abilities as Father calls them.”
He frowned to fold his arms as Tank spoke “Interesting. You want to tell him about the offspring he fathered with a Highlander female?”
He frowned recalling himself mating with a Highlander female that produced his son Ajax flashing in his mind. 
He stared at Robert who shifted to look at him while speaking “Father, your son Ajax, birthed by his Highlander mother whose name is Aja was taken along with the High Council off planet Aire. Just before he left he was tested by Tank and Merra on his power abilities. He appears to have inherited the power ability and is strong as I am but doesn’t have the Earthquake power like you have, Father.” 
He frowned hearing the words Earthquake power which he recalled himself making the earth shakes in his mind. 
He heard Tank speak “What about Robert, his son with another female dubbed Katherine?”
He frowned recalling himself mating with a female named Katherine that produced his son Robert who was in front of him ignoring Tank's rude question. 
Jinks eyed Robert who spoke referring to himself as his name "Robert is doing fine but is being quite rebellious towards the State Police who are trying to get him to support them involving keeping law and order within planet Aire among species. For some unexplained reason since he turned eight years old he’s been very picky about the High Council and keeps having blow ups of anger whenever his parents, his Father in front of him, and his Mother, mention the subject of the Master abilities. They can’t figure out how he knows what the Master abilities are and do to his Father from seeing that in his mind. Also the State Police in their interests in Robert serving them are still trying to get files on Katherine, his mother to see what’s going on with Robert which the Zesky hospital has been balking to share those files and that’s been going on for two years now.”
Jinks spoke as Robert paused he figured it was Robert's way of speaking towards the Meritanians, Tank and Merra as they called themselves “Um did Robert inherit something from me?”
He frowned as Robert spoke “Robert managed to seem to inherit your eye changing ability including some low level mental abilities involving touching people and mental orders. He seems to have inherited abilities mostly from his mother and that includes being aware of you and knowing that you’re his father. The State Police can’t figure out how Robert got the information of their recruitment in his mind hence they asking the hospital for files on his mother. The Zesky hospital for some unexplained reason has been repeatedly balking their requests over and over and has refused to tell them what’s going on with Robert or how to handle him and his mental abilities. What's up with that predecessor?” 
He frowned to shift his attention towards Tank who showed narrow Human blue eyes with a frown on his face. 
Tank spoke while staring at him with a narrowed eyed look “Why do I get the feeling that the Zesky hospital knows something about what’s going on with Robert, hence they balking to share files?”
He heard Robert speak sounding oddly not like his son Robert to him “Oh dear that might have explain it but I don’t see how they could have figured out what’s going on with Robert. The son isn’t that talkative with others and he can detect his mind being scanned from his parents’ manipulating his mind to have the ability. Also the information about his Father's Master abilities appeared in his mind after he was found wandering alone around the city by some Highlander who figured out who his parents were and brought him home.” 
Jinks frowned as Tank spoke sounding oddly not like a Meritanian to him “Interesting.”
He heard the Meritanians give of giggling sounds which he saw Robert's eyes turn all black which he turned to look at the plants that had looks of mirth on their faces. 
He heard Robert speak “What’s so funny Meritanians?”
Jinks stiffened as Tank and Merra were joined by three figures in white having all black eyes and were hysterically laughing together. He recognized the black eyed Meritanians as Ramses, Erra and Terra. He found Ramses spoke his familiar question which he felt his eyes forced shut woke up to hear a knocking sound on the TV room doors which he sat up straight and eyed them as James entered the room opening the doors. 
He stared at James questioningly who spoke “Master Jinks, Yana wants you in the dining room.” 
Jinks sighed and got up from the couch walking out of the TV discovering James followed him which he went to the dining room to see Yana sitting in a chair with her laptop open in front of her. He went to sit as James entered the kitchen with doors banging behind him. 
He eyed Yana who spoke “I acquired this.” 
Jinks frowned as Yana picked up a rolled newspaper from the floor and placed it on the table then gestured a hand towards it. He exhaled a breath to pick up the newspaper unrolling it to read that the paper was Great Written News which he recalled was a Highlander based newspaper. 
He read the headline blare the words "Master and Deity Lord King of us all.” 
Jinks frowned but read the article detailing about himself seen in different views such as deity like from the Master Organization, including from the Highlanders jointly joining the group out of being rejected by the High Council from coming along via warships into space off the planet. He frowned as he read that non members were seeing him as royalty a view that started too many years ago when he was declared a God in New York City which made him grimace. He continued to read the article detailing that the royalty view was slow to spread and accept which became popular among the city natives of New York City after the Master Organization came out and seemed to have spread to other cities during the campaigns of two members of the group running for the King position who talked about him when asked. Jinks frowned as the article continues which he read that tabloids have recently been blaring himself as a living Human God aka Lance Richard himself and their articles detail that there was no death of any kind found regarding himself as the vessel of that god. He grimace reading that as he continued to read the article detailing that other news affiliates have taken notice of the tabloids’ blaring and have been talking about it speaking all sorts of rumors about him whether their lies or truths. He frowned as the article ends with comments saying that the newspaper is currently checking out himself for further news and will report additional information later once they get it. Jinks lowered the paper when he heard Yana's throat clearing noise sound which he looked at his daughter's twin who had a frown on her face.
Yana spoke “The press conference. They were going to ask you about the tabloids’ blaring about you being a living Human God including all sorts of lies said about you which I suspect would make you riled enough to get angry about it.” 
Jinks groaned loudly as Yana nodded her head followed by her speaking again he figured she was calmly telling him bad news “The Meritanians have been keeping me updated on the lives of your offsprings regarding your four sons, Victoria and Robert through Tank and Merra. The people’s views towards you as you were in suspended animation sleep while appearing to be discussing it among each other. They did mention your son, Robert, but from the way they talked it seemed that they had something to do with him being aware of your Master abilities and the Zesky hospital balking to share files on Katherine herself to the State Police who are still trying to recruit him into service.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as Yana continued talking “Also the Meritanians from their conversation appear to have something to do with getting your son Robert aware of Lance Richard being an annoyance to the High Council enough to serve him, and being rebellious towards others trying to teaching him about the High Council and their views. Robert, from what I know was recruited by the High Council to be raised as an assassin hence he ordered to legally emancipate you and Katherine as his parents to serve them and whoever offsprings he's given is being raised the same but the kids due to the Meritanians’ manipulating aren’t interested in serving the High Council and are more interested in learning about you enough to have you in their life as a God deity Lord in question.” 
He frowned as Yana stopped talking followed by typing onto the laptop seemingly lengthy before she shifted to give him a narrowed eyed look which he heard the kitchen doors bang its sound. He looked to see Emma walk into view carrying a tray which she put down on the table in front of Yana then she removed a cup full of dark red liquid with a straw jutting from it from the tray and placed it in front of him. Jinks sighed seeing that it was his familiar drink involving blood, as Emma stared at him with a look he recognized expecting him to drink it. He picked up the cup and sucked on the straw drinking the drink he recognized from the taste to be blood in a pure form, which he took his time taking it down. 
He slurped the last of the drink and felt a hand whack him on the back of the head while hearing Emma's annoyed tone speaking “That’s rude to slurp and don’t do that again.”
Jinks spat out the straw and held up the cup towards Emma who took it while giving a sound of disproval and watched her go into the kitchen which he turned his attention towards Yana appearing to be continuing eating food taking her time eating it, while typing onto the laptop. Jinks frowned as he eyed the newspaper which he brought a hand on it only to feel it slapped away by Yana's hand. 
He heard Yana speak “No you’re not reading the rest of the paper. It details what the news affiliates have been blaring about you and yes you’ll get riled up enough to have a temper tantrum from reading it, Daddy. I know you too well from what I remember involving myself as Victoria.” 
Jinks groaned softly made a motion to get up only to hear Yana speak “Sit, I’m not finished talking with you.” 
He adjusted himself sitting in the chair to fold his arms and frowned as the kitchen doors banged again which he saw Emma come into view her staring at Yana with a glare that he saw was still eating her food, which ate her food ignoring her laptop. Jinks frowned to watch Yana eat followed by his daughter's twin finishing her drink then lift up the tray handing it to Emma who took it and went out of his view while hearing the kitchen doors banging its sound. Jinks stared at Yana who picked up the newspaper and rolled it up throwing it behind her at the kitchen doors. He found them bang in response to the newspaper's throwing to find Emma come into view picking it up while again giving off a sound of disapproval in her voice. 
Yana after a lengthy type onto the laptop folded it in half and spoke “Hit the gym room now, Daddy. I'm in need of some exercise as required.” 
He frowned hearing the firmness in Yana's voice tone obeyed to go to the gym room and once inside was ordered by Yana to stretch and do karate onto her involving self defense by her speaking in a firm tone. Jinks found himself obeying to stretch on the floor then swung himself up with a karate move followed by doing attack karate onto Yana seemingly lengthy who appeared to be well trained to get out of his trapped statures. Jinks found Yana indicated the exercises finished with a bow towards the belted wall then turned to face him with arms folded.
Jinks recalled the library, spoke “Let’s go to the library room and sit.” 
He sighed as Yana gestured for him to leave which he left the gym room followed by his daughter picking up the laptop on the way which he took a route to the library room and walked inside followed by hearing the female closing the doors behind him. He went to a chair to pull out a book from behind the cushion putting it on the table then sat down. 
Jinks spoke “Sit down Yana.” 
He again heard the firmness of his voice tone found Yana without questioning him obeyed to sit in the chair opposite his but adjusted her position to face him with the laptop on her lap open. He frowned staring at her as she typed a bit before sensing his staring making her look up giving him an all black eyed glare. 
Jinks spoke “Victoria's murder or assassination? How was it done really?"
Yana spoke using the Master in control in a sarcastic voice "If you like to know, Victoria's murder as publicity saying by the High Council, is still unsolved due to too many people coming forwards claiming responsibility to her death which have backed up the city’s police department trying to figure out if the person is innocent or guilty or influenced by a Builder to claim responsibility. Actually according to the Meritanians their all influenced by Builders working for the Highlanders, sympathizing with the High Council trying to keep the police from figuring out that the High Council took Victoria with them off planet, which you’re aware of, did the crime of faking her death. It's against the law here to fake your death to get off the planet actually something frowned upon by the remaining Highlanders left planet bound.”
Jinks nodded his head as Yana continued talking “The Highlanders are aware of this do not want the Humans to be aware of those four sons of yours and their sister faking her death. The reasons for keeping the four sons and their sister out of Human knowledge is due to that the Humans have a very picky habit which is getting obsessed with something and passing it down to their descendants. The Highlanders don’t want Humans to be obsessed with defeating the four sons' Master abilities or their sister's love towards an assassin of the High Council to join them. They don't want this knowledge enough to kill the four sons off and do the same to me when it comes out that I'm not actually Victoria's twin sister but a copy clone of hers.”
He frowned as Yana paused to type onto the laptop which he cleared his throat then she looked at him and kept talking “As for the four sons of yours, their, just prior to the High Council kicked out of Aire, were still living with the High Council caged and forced to do assassinations by the High Council threatening to harm their sister, Victoria who didn't know of that harmful status. From what I could tell from the Meritanians’ talk mentioning the subject about that I get the feeling that the High Council wouldn’t dare use the four sons on you as a way of getting rid of you. I’m not sure why but I get the feeling that the High Council are afraid of something involved with someone else who from talk is very powerful hence they not using those four onto you. Also from the Meritanians’ talk, aka Merra's blaring onto me. She seems to be blaring all over the place onto me for me to hear, they seem imply that someone as an Elemental from eavesdropping on them that suggest some element have the High Council nervous about that they won’t dare try sick the four sons onto you.”
Jinks frowned as Yana kept talking “I overheard that High Council aren’t the only ones nervous. The four sons have indicated that they are also nervous about this Elemental and have refused to do anything to get this individual angry at them to unleash the person’s power on them. I get the feeling that this Elemental has a very powerful interest in you as keeping you alive and unharmed.”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as he thought of Lance Richard as Yana continued talking “Lance Richard has been pointed by the Meritanians eavesdropping conversing with the Meritanians as the individual but the plants have indicated without saying who that it’s someone else by hinting that this individual has power to bring down the four sons enough to disable them for a long term. The only Elemental I could think of being capable of doing that would be King Winter but I doubt it due to that the four sons can easy defeat the Cold Lord by physical combat enough to knock him out unconscious.” 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Yana paused to stare at him with narrowed eyed looks which he figured that she wanted him to say something. 
Jinks recalled himself gifted with the Lance Richard persona, spoke “You sure that the individual isn’t me since I’m the Lord of the Underworld ruler of Earth and gonoids aka Lance Richard himself?”
Jinks saw Yana's eyes widen then narrowed with some calculating look in them that made him feel suspicious on what his daughter was thinking about as he stared at her who shifted to type something onto the laptop. 
He spoke “Well it was just a thought that’s all.” 
He stared at Yana who frowned before the she spoke after a lengthy type “Daddy don't you have a story to tell me regarding the four horsemen? That despite your four sons labeled that by the High Council in some negative term?”
He heard the edge in Yana's voice that suggested she wasn’t telling him something fully. Jinks spoke recounting his time with the four horsemen, Death, Famine, Sword and Plague and their sister, Life from memory healed from being shot twice then they using him as a weapon to get the High Council’s speakers to kill off the High Council then leaving him in their hands which he woke up a month later healed up. He added about years later again hurt unconscious and waking up with the four horsemen in a cell and discovered their sister on him as bed for sleeping and healed by her. He frowned as Yana's eyes remained narrowed as he paused from talking to clear his throat then continued to add from memory recalling Lance Richard on some world as a being named Osiris knifed in the back and healed by the sister after being transported to Shadan. He continued to add talking about coming upon the four horsemen again without their sister and asking them about her which they transported him through a gate to another world where he met the sister who healed him and transported him through a gate back to Shadan. 
He frowned as he spoke “That’s about it. That’s what I remember of my encounters with the four horsemen; I figured is who my four sons are now before their transported off Aire as the planet is called.”
Jinks stared at Yana who appeared to have some calculating look in her eyes which made him again feel suspicious on what she was thinking about story wise involving her typing. 
He spoke “What are you thinking about? You have that look that suggests your thinking about something for a story.” 
He saw Yana shift her eyes to stare at him then she spoke “Hmm from what you told me it doesn’t make any sense on why the four horsemen acting as your four sons, would be afraid of you.” 
Jinks frowned as Yana formed a far away look on her face as he heard Tank's voice speaking in his mind with his familiar mind sense going off “Believe me the High Council and their servants, share the same fear towards this Elemental, Lance Richard himself, I’ve been forbidden by the High Council to say who it is but I can say who he is now. I’ve mentioned the Lance Richard name before and got a freak out reaction from the High Council. Only clue I can tell you on their freak out reaction, is that the High Council can’t control this Elemental, Lance Richard or the person’s power abilities even onto some Meritanians who are so stupid to get it the joke.”
He heard snickering like laughter in his mind as he heard the word Joke spoken in his mind in his familiar liar sense going off. Jinks gave up a groan noise as the Meritanians gave up snickering in his mind as he found Yana had resumed the typing onto her laptop who gave him an all black eyed glare. 
Jinks spoke in response "What?"
He got from Yana who spoke "Just tell me what's going on with Tank's blaring via Merra about the High Council afraid of you."
“Ugh it isn’t Horus himself sorry but someone else who is very picky about Horus being hurt and it was Barry himself being picky on him hurt." He heard from Tank who added "Oh Barry can’t be defeated in physical combat like a certain Elemental ha-ha.”
He heard Tank pause to give off snickering like laughter again making his jokey sense going off before continuing “Yeah, Veronica Thomas, that’s the one I’m talking about. Beats me why Barry got picky about Horus being hurt. I and my sisters haven’t been able to mind walk Lance Richard or the others who visit him with due to that their minds aren’t readable and that their forms are more elemental than manoid solids.” 
Jinks frowned recalling the three Elementals, King Sea, Lord Teorjer and Ellison Donovan flashing in his mind as Tank paused from talking to again give off snickering like laughter. He heard silence but felt the feeling of his mind scanned still there which he eyed Yana that appeared to have some concentration look on her face with eyes staring at the laptop he frowned finding her appearing to be obsessed with the thing like Victoria was. He figured to himself that Yana was conversing with the Meritanians. 
He again heard Tank’s voice speaking in his mind “Veronica Thomas, don't ask me about Barry's attitude. Ask him when he wakes from his sleeping rest at the Zesky Hospital. I don’t know where this pickiness towards Horus came from. Barry in my knowledge never displayed such behavior towards a Human before which have us, Meritanians, confused. Also from what we could tell about the three Elementals that your Father is thinking about, is too many cycles ago before the U.S. came to Shadan a female Amula with some hearing disability was forced to mate by a male Amula. The female in question wound up having three gonoid babies in her gonoid form that were later taken away and raised elsewhere at some hospital that specializes in doing product testing on gonoids to make life for manoids better. Also then the U.S. came over and we did a lot of scanning over the Humans there. We did discover the three babies that were dubbed the names the three Elementals were identified as, as a joke by some doctor there who thought it’ll be funny to name them that. Joke later backfired on this doctor when the babies after the transfer became adults in some fast growth speed and then became those three Elementals who picked on the doctor for the teasing behavior the Human treated them.” 
He frowned as Tank paused then continued to speak “Actually it was Lance Richard himself who convinced the three to stop their picking on manoids behavior when he caught their eye and they wound up introducing themselves to him. They haven’t been picking on manoids since that meeting but been sometimes assisting manoids with problems from time to time. Also from scans of the four horsemen and their sister, their well acquainted with the three Elementals having met them over the cycles of their existence. The meetings have turned out from pleasant greetings into arguments about manoids focus Humans then fights which the four horsemen have always been knocked unconscious very bad leaving the sister alone out of the fights. Oh the Elementals for some unexplained reason have been ignoring the sister like her brothers have done whenever they get into an argument which results into a fight. The sister in question has been trying to play peacemaker between those two groups by telling them solutions to the arguments but they been ignoring her and not listening instead wound up fighting.”
Jinks felt himself frowning some more hearing that as Tank kept talking “From what we could tell from reading the four horsemen’s minds that the elements of water and eater aka fire dubbed that by Humans each alone aren’t enough to knock them out. It’s the element of electricity aka lightening that knocks them to the ground but doesn’t give the four injuries. Also when the three Elementals combine use their powers it's enough to knock out the four horsemen unconscious and give them injuries which their sister has to get medical help to them.”
He heard silence followed by Tank's voice sounding annoyed “Why do I have to transport Horus to you for? What’s up with you asking me that? You told me to never transport Horus to you again remember? What’s with the change of mind?”
Jinks stood up with arms folded feeling himself disgusted as he eyed Yana grimacing on her face eyes appearing to be unfocused as the scene changed to show the High Council’s throne room which he again felt his arms grabbed by the Falcons, guards in tight ironclad grips yanking them from their folded positions. He gave up a sound of disgust as he saw a creepy figure dressed in a black hooded robe standing on the top most of the steps with head covered and clawed hands bony and yellow appeared into sight clasping in front. 
Jinks eyed the creepy figure who he heard blared in his mind spoke “Well welcome back from being sleeping Horus.” 
He heard the sarcasm in the tone formed a thin line with his mouth as the Falcons adjusted their hand hold on his arms pinning them down to his sides. He shifted his eyes towards the creepy figure whose arms appeared to be folded and made no move to unfold them. 
He heard from the figure speak with sarcasm “Not one word from you Horus?”
Jinks shook his head as he heard a low whispered growl sound which he looked at his left to see Anubis standing nearby with ears flat on top of his head with eyes having annoyance in them. His eyes focused on Anubis’ neck seeing it still had the familiar device wrapped around it. 
He shifted his eyes towards the new High Council he saw were figures wearing blue armored clothes seated in seats belonging to the group behind the creepy figure that spoke “Well we have unfinished business with you such as you failing to stop the assassination of a male via your hands via your son MacLeod and failing to stop him escaping punishment which you were punished in his stead. What do you have to say about that?”
Jinks frowned to felt the feeling of his mind still scanned spoke loudly a profanity comment with the word you as compelled then clamped his mouth shut into a thin line eyes shifting towards the creepy figure. Jinks saw the new High Council in his line of sight do a double take look despite having the hoods on covering the heads. This was followed by the creepy figure on the steps unfolding his arms to place gloved hands on the sides of his head as if covering his ears. 
He frowned at the creep's body movements as he heard within his mind in a creepy voice spoke “That language is not appropriate and I expect more from you than that, Horus. So speak something else instead of that now.” 
Jinks heard the annoyance in the speaker’s tone spoke as if compelled several profanity comments aimed at the High Council before clamping his mouth shut into a thin line.
He mentally thought “Alright who’s doing this to make me swear vulgar language anyway? It’s really not my thing.”
Jinks again eyed creep whose hands formed fists bringing them down to his sides followed by robotically turning around to face the High Council while appearing to face towards them which he figured was mentally telling them something.
He heard via his mind Meritanians' snickering like laughter as his joke sense went off followed by the creep sounding in his mind give off “Argh! Ramses cut the joke now and spare us the vulgar language spoken by your puppet!”
Jinks heard hysterical laughter in Ramses' voice tone before feeling of his mind scanned stop followed by the creep he saw turning around robotically to face him folding his arms. 
He frowned as the voice spoke “What were we talking about before the rude interruption?”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as there was another voice spoke “Oh discussing about what Horus has to say for failing to do things as expected. What do you have to say about that?”
He spoke “Either tell you what you want to hear or what you don’t want to hear. Take your pick.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as he heard spoke “Argh!”
He frowned to eye the creep who bowed his head followed by the High Council behind them wagging their heads and waving their hands in random gestures he saw wasn’t sign language. Jinks continued to watch the High Council who stopped their head wagging and hand gestures followed by the creep raising his head. 
He heard sounding speak “Oh knock him unconscious will you, Timer?”
He frowned hearing the sarcasm in the tone eyed the creep to see the creepy figure raise a hand clawed and bony towards him curling it in a fist which he felt the familiar choking sensation followed by sleepiness hitting him which he surrendered to it passing out unconscious- 

The storyteller, Nikolas Montreal, as he calls himself, despite an appearance twin to Jinks Montreal, mostly via the face with the scar mark and had Human black eyes, was interrupted by the typist aka Recorder, Yana Renova aka Veronica Thomas, clearing her throat and giving him a glare. 
He paused from the story to speak "That creepy figure was referred as Timer wasn't it?"
He got a head bob in response from Yana as he added "Anyhow excuse me for referring the Soulers by the name of High Council-"
He was interrupted "Just tell the story and ignore Dalton as he calls him self's hissy fit."
Groaning he obeyed to speak the story despite Dalton heard giving off a hissy fit of giving off Bah comments, to his annoyance.

Jinks came to hearing the sound of an alarm blaring in his ear jerked his eyes open lurching up in a sitting position gasping for air. He looked around to discover that he was in the penthouse in the bedroom still wearing his clothes and shoes. He turned to glare at the alarm clock that blared eight o’clock in the morning which he got up from the bed and headed towards the bathroom figuring to himself that he’ll shower. Jinks came out of the bathroom feeling himself much better wearing fresh black clothes and shoes and his hair brushed neatly. He went to the bedroom doors only to feel a headache hitting him that told him his mind was being scanned followed by the Darkness and Master willed through him that halted his walk. Jinks frowned as the headache left him which his senses blared warning staring at the doors. He shut his eyes to raise a hand and bowed his head as he saw an overhead view of a female wearing a dress of shapeless blue, twin to the Master Organization, and nearby lying on the floor was James appearing to be out unconscious. He saw her look up to his eyes sight view with confusion on her face that seemed familiar before looking down to face the doors. He stiffened seeing her face was similar to Margo from memory within his mind of his four sons, figured that the female was an assassin and daughter of Margo herself. He opened his eyes and raised his head lowering his hand. Jinks swung open the doors to glare at the female who opened her mouth to speak and clamped it shut doing a double take look seeing him with widen eyes. 
He bore her a glare with narrowed eyes while speaking using the Master’s voice “What do you want and why is my butler on the floor asleep?”
He glared at her as she opened her mouth flashing golden eyes telling him she was a Builder which she spoke using the voice he heard “Kneel on the floor now.” 
Jinks found himself balking her order as he spoke “Why should I kneel on the floor for? Oh don’t tell me you’re a damned assassin who sent to kill me off. Who are you actually, Margo?”
Jinks saw her eyes widen with shock in them followed by her face turning into a furious look with eyes narrowing which he saw her thrust out a syringe gun from her left sleeve and darted towards him using super speed. He found himself grabbing her arm, hand holding the gun and twisting it behind her back in a tight ironclad grip and grabbing her hair yanking her head back. 
He spoke “What do you think your doing?”
He heard her yell “Hey get in here now!”
He saw two police officers with all blue alien like eyes and sneering looks on their faces appear in the hallway heading towards him holding her which he thrust her forwards throwing her in the air towards the two cops who ignored her heading towards him. Jinks fisted his hands as the cops halted their super speed running to pull out gun weapons aiming it towards him. 
His eyes shift to one cop’s name plate which he read “Hettinger."
Jinks felt disgust hitting him as the cops fired their guns showing electrical bolts coming out of them. He fell into a perfect split bending down as the electrical bolts reached him firing harmlessly above. He threw himself into a karate swung up move by swinging his legs to stand up glaring at the cops who looked annoyed. 
His eye fell on the other cop’s name plate which he again read “Hettinger.”
Jinks again felt disgust hitting him saw the female assassin get up behind the cops and appeared to be darting towards him with super speed while holding the syringe gun in her hand. Jinks waved a hand towards the cops’ guns mentally ordering them to jam as he brought a foot against the female assassin knocking her backwards onto the cops who pushed her aside then continued to attempt to fire their guns finding no success due to them jamming. Jinks waved a hand towards the female assassin mentally ordering her to sleep and saw her shake her head followed by collapsing onto the floor with form still. He eyed the cops who threw their guns at him which he ducked and then straightened up his form as they pulled out another set of guns appearing to be dart guns to him. He held up his hands waiting as the guns fired showing darts coming out of them which he caught and threw them at the cops aiming for their necks and found them hitting their target. Jinks watched as the cops formed shock looks on their faces followed by staggering shaking their heads while blinking their eyes and then fell to the ground going unconscious with form still. Jinks bent down and brought a hand on each cop’s forehead and mentally ordered them to sleep which he heard soft groaning sounds becoming silent. Jinks went to James and shook the butler who jerked his eyes open with a start flaring them golden. He frowned staring at James who sat up eyes still flaring golden which he kept his mouth shut as the butler got up and went to the female assassin picking her up by the arm and dragged her down the hallway. He shrugged and grabbed an arm from each cop and proceeded to drag them down the hallway sensing them still asleep from that which he followed James to the elevator and went inside with the butler, still holding onto the cops. He frowned as the elevator went down appearing to be heading to the garage room as it he saw passed the lobby floor and stopped at the floor. He followed James out to a van that indicated it belonged to the police on it to see a cop standing in front of it with eyes flaring golden arms folded and he saw the creepy figure Timer standing next to the cop showing his Father's face with face bared from the hood and still giving him the creeps. Jinks frowned as he reached the van to witness the cop open the door and gesture with a finger inside as Time disappeared fading from view. He watched as James thrust inside the female assassin whom he obeyed to toss inside the two unconscious cops then stepped back as the third cop went inside shutting the van door. He saw Timer appear from hidden status to point a finger towards the elevator nodded his head and went to the elevator followed by James. He kept his mouth shut as the elevator went to the penthouse which he walked out and headed to the dining room figuring that he could get something to eat. Jinks heard the butler following him which once inside the dining room sat down in a chair and witnessed James going into the kitchen slamming the swinging doors behind him. He frowned as he saw Yana arrive still carrying her laptop to sit down next to him still flaring all black eyes which he figured that she was furiously angry kept his mouth shut as he sat and waited for the food to arrive courtesy of Emma who arrived carrying two trays with both hands. He watched as she set the trays in front of both him and Yana then stood staring at him expecting him to eat appearing to not be surprised by his black eyes despite having the Master in control. Jinks found himself obeying to eat the food finding himself hungry ate everything on his plate with silverware taking his time along with drinking down the cup’s contents forcing himself to take his time then pushed the tray away after he was done. He watched as Emma took his tray and Yana's followed by her going into the kitchen banging the swinging doors behind her. 
Jinks found himself speaking while sounding angry “I thought the Hettinger family was over this feud.” 
Jinks figured that the Meritanians were manipulating him again to his referring to the Hettinger family to see Yana rapid fired pace bang onto the laptop to see she was still flaring all black eyes with an angry look on her face.
Jinks spoke out loud as if compelled by the Meritanians manipulating him again “Surprise, surprise appears the Hettinger family is not over this ridiculous feud.”
He frown hearing the sarcasm in his voice tone as Yana looked at him narrowing her Master eyes in a glare aimed at him. 
He added as Yana kept staring at him “Last I heard about the Hettinger Family was from Burke Richardson, years ago talking about the family having some internal dispute on whether to keep the feud with me or drop it. I guess they decided to keep it from the looks of those cops having Hettinger’s name on their name plates.” 
He shrugged as Tank blared into his mind, spoke with anger still in the tone “That’s not the impression I got from what I found out about the Hettinger family. I’m told by their descendant that they dropped the feud eight years ago and haven’t made a move to do anything about it despite you led to believe in that jokey status.”
He spoke mentally towards Tank recalling that the female assassin was a Builder “You sure that female Margo whatever her name is didn’t use the voice on those cops to help assassinate me?”
Tank spoke “Interesting.” 
He frowned as Tank gave up a harrumph before adding to his mind chat while Yana was still typing away on the laptop “Also she was wearing a face mask and a wig to make her appear to be Margo when she’s not according to that cop I found standing near the van. Harrumph. He confessed under my manipulation's order that he was ordered to tell the female and the two cops to knock you out and bring you to the van where he would drive you to a location identified in his memory as some harbored museum boat and dump you on it then leave. He didn’t say who ordered this but said that some Builder wearing a city gang uniform which is a hooded sweatshirt covering the head, sunglasses covering the eyes, faded jeans, fancy sneakers and a leather black jacket came up to him and voice ordered him to a location and what he ordered the female and cops. He also admitted that he went to the location to where there was a van sitting there and waited till two cops arrive with a female and gave them their orders before driving the van to the building and gain entrance inside by some radio device that allowed them in the garage room.”
Jinks frowned hearing that forming a frown on his lips while staring at Yana who paused from typing to give him a glare. He frowned as Yana ordered him to the gym room which he found himself agreeing to go got up from the chair and left the dining room going to the gym room which inside he fell into a perfect split. 
He heard Yana speak from behind him “Daddy, don’t do that drop into leg move again when stretching.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath moved himself to face Yana and spoke “I used that move to avoid being shot at by gun weapons from people.”
He stared at Yana who spoke while giving him a glare “Fine Daddy. But I was told by my trainers to do that move only if it’s necessary but not when stretching.”
He heard the firmness in Yana's voice tone nodded his head and began doing his stretching exercises then swung himself up with a karate move. He proceeded to do a Kata in the black belt form which he ended with a bow towards Yana and then straightened up his form to fold his arms staring at her whose eyes were no longer flaring the Master in control. Jinks frowned as Yana cleared her throat and then made a gesture towards his eyes while pointing a finger at him. He exhaled a breath to realize that the Master and Darkness was in control willed them both away backing into the back of his mind. He frowned as James came into view clearing his throat with eyes no longer flaring golden. 
Jinks stared at James who spoke “Master Jinks, you wanted in the guest quarters and you should take the elevator for that.”
He frowned to nod his head then walked passed James and Yana whom he went to the elevator and went inside to see the familiar labeled button which he pressed and felt the thing move. He folded his arms to stare at the floor as the elevator made its motions followed by stopping and doors opening with a loud ding sound. He walked out to see the room was the same as before and felt himself filmed which he saw a female with black hair wearing a white dress standing in the middle of the room looking nervous to him.
Jinks frowned went up to the female who spoke with nervousness in her voice “I want a baby from you.” 
He exhaled a breath placed hands on her shoulders and felt her nervousness which he rubbed her shoulders then brought the hands down to reach the skirt part of the dress which he yanked up and slowly yanked the dress off of her. He stared at her naked form finding it pleasant which he slowly undid his clothes and shoes showing his form in the buff and saw her eyes widen seeing it while sensing that she seemed shocked. Jinks took her hand and brought her to the bed putting her form on top of it then laid his form on top of her and felt her legs move accommodating him but sensed she was still nervous. He entered her finding no barriers blocking his way and felt charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her while thrusting in rhythm. He sensed the woman seemed to be enjoying it by her gasping out loudly which he spilled himself inside her and still felt hard enough to do another round of mating and again spilled himself inside her while hit with an intense charge of pleasure. Jinks kissed the woman on the cheek then pulled himself out of her and got up from the bed to go to his clothes which he put on along with his shoes. He stared at the woman who seemed daze and shocked followed by her rolling her eyes and giving off a loud groaning sound with form still and chest going up and down as if she had labored breathing. He figured from memory that a baby was growing inside her which he heard the elevator ding its sound followed by doors opening which he turned to look. Jinks saw James walk out followed by two paramedics carrying large duffle bags. 
He frowned as James spoke “Master Jinks, please come with me.” 
Jinks obeyed going into the elevator following James inside. He watched as James pressed the button indicating the Penthouse and felt the elevator move going to the floor then stop with doors opening showing the living room. 
He walked out followed by James and spoke pausing from his walk to stare at the butler “James, where’s Yana?” 
He frowned as James spoke “She’s in the library room.” 
He spoke “Thanks, James.” 
Jinks walked to the library room and went inside seeing the doors were open. Jinks saw Yana sitting in a chair reading a book appearing to be a romance novel from the cover and saw an amused expression on her face as the female read the book one of Victoria's older Veronica Thomas's novels. He sighed and walked inside shutting the doors then turned to face Yana who stared at him from hearing him enter the room. 
Yana spoke “So how was the mating?”
Jinks inhaled a breath hearing that spoke “It went fine. She seemed nervous but did allow me to have my way with her.” 
He frowned as Yana spoke “Actually her nervousness was because her husband a Builder was in the bathroom listening to everything.” 
He exhaled another breath as Yana added “She’s a descendant of you in case you don’t know that via one of your offsprings rejected by the High Council.” 
He frowned as he recalled the woman’s face to realize that Yana wasn’t kidding on that as he recalled her face reminded him of his daughter Lizette, a bit. Jinks stared at Yana who resumed reading the book. Sighing he went to the bookcase to a shelf and pulled out books peering at the covers and reading the titles. He found one showing a male wearing medieval armor yanked it out and went to sit in the chair which he read the back of the book to discover that it was a romance novel by Victoria one of her older ones in her Veronica Thomas persona. Sighing he figured to himself that he’ll read the book so he opened it and began reading it finding himself curious about the contents. 

Jinks read the book finding himself a little disgusted with the mating detailed graphically but found the story interesting to read. He got halfway through the book when he heard a throat clearing noise sounding loudly. 
Jinks lowered the book to see James standing at the open doorways who spoke “Lunch is served.”
He placed the book flat on where he was in it then got up followed by Yana still carrying her book laptop no where in sight. He went to the dining room to sit seeing in his spot was a cup of red liquid which he drank finding it was his familiar blood drink Jinks sipped down the contents as Yana sitting next to him ate her food. He sighed when he was finished drinking placed the cup on the table in front of him then leaned back folding his arms. He heard the kitchen doors bang eyed Emma walking out that took his cup and tray from Yana before walking into the kitchen doors swinging behind her. 
He remembered his karate involving discipline on being calm spoke “Tank, how come no one bothered to train me to remain calm whenever I see media that speaks lies about me?"
Jinks frowned as Tank in response appeared to be talking to Yana by her cocking her head she appeared to be thinking then she pulled out a rolled newspaper from the chair next to her and placed it in front of him gesturing with a hand. He picked up the newspaper to see it was a tabloid which he saw himself pictured on the cover with words related to him being a Human God blaring on it. He felt himself angry shut his eyes putting the paper down and breathe hard through his nose willing himself to be calm. 
Jinks heard Tank's voice speaking “That’s enough for today. Let’s take this slow and take our time with this.” 
He felt himself agreeing with Tank forced himself to mediate willing himself to be calm till the angry feeling left him and he opened his eyes-

Nikolas was again interrupted by a voice speaking in sarcasm "Mediation sucks!"
He gave the voice's speaker a glare in response finding Yana was glaring with the Source in control halted from her typing. 
He kept on glaring only to hear "Alright I'll shut up."
Nikolas opened his mouth to speak only to hear a throat clearing noise to find Jinks Montreal's residence's current butler, a twin and clone of James, calling himself James, at first meeting, standing in the room giving him an all blue eyed glare.
He sighed and spoke "Yes James?"
He stared at James who spoke “Lunch is served.” 
Nikolas heard from the sarcastic voice of Dalton the one who spoke the mediation sucks comment, speak “Good I’m feeling like needing to eat.” 
He didn't comment a response as a clone of Emma calling her, Emma despite still using that name, arrived into the room carrying trays and placed his familiar blood drink in front of him while clearing her throat. Nikolas forced himself to sip his drink entirely then place the cup onto the tray belonging to Yana. 
Nikolas's happiness of taking blood was trashed by Dalton speaking "Food who cares about it?"
He gave Dalton a glare of annoyance within him with all red eyes finding Yana had halted her typing to give twin all one colored eyes but hers were black eyes, her food finished eating. 
He glared with annoyance running through him as Dalton spoke after a lengthy staring "Just don't want to be reminded that I suffer from food allergies as the medics call it involving food. Hmph."
Nikolas kept the glare in response as Dalton groaned loudly and spoke again "I'm on a liquid diet at the moment-"
Dalton was interrupted "Just like my Tom. He's on a liquid diet too." Yana heard speaking. 
Nikolas gave up a sound of disgust despite hearing the voice tone of Yana indicated that she was still in love with Tom, despite making him her hero in her romance novels as Veronica Thomas he kept on finding references to the male in her writings to his disgust. He shifted to glare at her in response seeing Yana had a dreamy expression on her face while appearing to be staring at the laptop. He clapped his hands only to find Yana not looking at him but still displaying that dreamy expression. Nikolas felt disgust take hold gave up the sound only to hear a faint meow followed by a bell noise indicating Jinks Montreal's residence cat playing a bell toy sounding loudly, entering the room. He sighed and kept on glaring at Yana who ignored him till the cat an all black cat female, named Samantha, as dubbed, got onto Yana's shoulder and gave up a loud ear shattering meow into her ear. Nikolas found Yana managed to shake her head of the dreamy expression and resumed typing onto the laptop ignoring the cat that jumped onto the table and went to his lap to sit purring away. He sighed and rubbed Samantha's back who meowed sounding like she didn't want to be petted. Nikolas groaned softly and ignored Samantha who sat on his front purring away till he felt a compulsion to shut his eyes despite hearing snickering like laughter of the Meritanians found himself passing out unconscious.

Nikolas came to feeling Samantha, purring onto his front, rumbling away her motorboat, in a loud vibration term, as dubbed, as he jerked open his eyes ignoring the cluttered junk of his All Seeing One images, cluttering his mind when his eyes were shut. 
He got Yana giving him a glare as he spoke "Meritanians. Don't ask me."
Nikolas got from Yana in response "What were you saying regarding the story in question hmm?"
Nikolas sighed and ignored Samantha purring away on his front that remained tummy sitting onto him. He was about to speak when he heard Dalton giving out bah comments repeatedly, he noticing the male was rocking in the chair back and forth while running hands through his long brown hair. 
Nikolas frowned while eyeing Dalton warily to hear "Ignore Dalton and his bad memories he's remembering and his reaction to them." He heard from Yana who added "Dalton always acts like that from a bad memory hitting him, courtesy of the Meritanians making him remember various things, from time to time, when it's appropriate. It's their way of making him remember what Lance Richard did to them, involving him being an annoyance and Dalton forced to have them in his mind, enough to get into a fit like he's doing now."
Nikolas sighed and eyed Yana who gave him a familiar Source's glare in response while hearing her clearing her throat. He groaned softly and forced himself to speak the story despite Dalton halting his bah noises.

Jinks walked out of the library going to the dining room which he saw his bloody drink in place on the table along with food for Yana. He sat down to sip the drink as Yana he saw out of the corners of his eyes sat down to eat. He finished with the drink got up and headed towards the kitchen only to hear Yana give off a harrumph sound. 
Jinks turned around to look at Yana who spoke “The servants told me in a private conversation with them to have you stay out of the kitchen which I insist that you stay out.” 
He spoke “Would you mind if I go in and meet the cook due to not meeting him?”
He frowned as Yana spoke “Fine but make your visit short.” 
Jinks nodded his head and entered the kitchen to see Emma at the sink washing dishes that looked at him with a big frown on her face. He switched eyes towards the stove to see a long blond haired pulled back into a tail male at the stove look in his direction with facial appearance that reminded him of General Kennidis. 
He spoke eyeing the male “The name is Jinks Montreal and it was pleasant to meet you Matthew from hearing about you from Emma.” 
Jinks saw Matthew he assumed nod his head which he left the kitchen walking out and went to the TV room finding everything the same there. He went to the couch and sat leaning back shutting his eyes feeling sleepiness which he dreamed of facing Tank and Merra both clad in their familiar white robes with all red eyes making him annoyed for they had mirth on their faces. 
Tank, he glared at spoke “You’re getting a female as a mate.”
Jinks spoke “No way I’m not doing that. The High Council or whatever that group is calling themselves now, will kill her off like they did to Katherine.” 
He frowned as Tank's eyes became all black followed by feeling himself gagged on the throat. 
He heard Tank speak “You’re getting a female as a mate period. Let me handle the Soulers as they call themselves and not the High Council, trying to manipulate her and you and both of your life get it?”
He felt his eyes forced shut woke up in the TV room lurching up to hear the sound of the a door knocking sound which he looked at the doors to see them open followed by James coming into the room clearing his throat loudly. 
Jinks frowned as James spoke “There’s visitors in the lobby and that they can’t come up due to privacy reasons.” 
He sighed getting up and went to the elevator taking it to the lobby to look around spotting four men wearing suits and sunglasses on their faces standing in the room which he went up to them. 
One of the men he saw held up a wallet with a badge attached while speaking “We’re State Police and we have questions for you to answer.” 
Jinks didn’t protest as he felt himself filmed by one of the men holding up a hand sized object in his hand aimed at him. 
He frowned as the same male asked him “What do you know of tabloids blare you as a Human God?”
He felt disgust sounded it loudly then spoke “I know of that due to a similar situation happening too many Human standard years ago.” 
He frowned as the male spoke “We’re aware of the status years ago totaling twenty years. We would like to know why you don’t appear to age.” 
Jinks spoke “I’m not entirely human and have some alien species in me that makes it impossible for me to age and makes me live deathless like.” 
He frowned forming it on his lips as the federal agent spoke “You care to explain what the alien species is?”
He spoke “Ask a hospital called Zesky in Connecticut about that some water ship. They tested me and told me of the non human sides in-“
The federal agent interrupted to his annoyance “We prefer to ask you instead of the hospital.” 
He felt annoyance spoke “I don’t like talking about my non Human side in me for it brought me some trouble with people dubbed High Council which I want to keep secret and don’t want to talk about it.” 
Jinks felt himself further annoyed as the federal agent spoke “You care to explain the trouble the High Council did to you?”
He spoke “It’s none of your business and I’m finished talking with-“
The Federal agent again interrupted him speaking “You have to answer our questions due to law and that we can arrest you and bring you to a precinct to be interrogated further if you don’t cooperate with us.” 
Jinks felt himself getting angry and more furious as the federal agent added “You care to explain the trouble the High Council did to you?”
Jinks felt himself going into a rage episode allowed himself to lose conscious only to come to in a calm mood feeling a female form hugging him. Jinks frowned as the female removed herself from him which he saw an Asian female with black hair pulled back Highlander style showing her ears similar to Ajax while seeing her wearing a Peasant dress. He saw the federal agents behind her with frowns on their lips. 
Jinks got a communication from Tank speaking in a laughing tone “The female is yours for you to have and she’s like Ajax a Human Highlander hybrid which the High Council will hesitate to do anything bad to her due to her being part Highlander.”
Jinks stared at the female took her hand sensing her stiffen from that and gently kissed it with his lips. 
He heard the federal agent say “We’ll be back.” 
He saw out of the corners of his eyes the federal agents leave which he focused his attention towards her speaking “My name is Jinks Montreal what’s yours?”
He frowned as she spoke sounding like Ajax same accent “I like to say my name in private along with my purpose of being here seeing you if you don’t mind.” 
He gripped her hand and pulled her to the elevator and went inside which he pressed the button to penthouse and felt the elevator move. He heard nothing from her but felt her squeeze his hand in a gentle grip as the elevator reached its destination which he walked out and pulled her to the TV room figuring out that Yana would be in the library reading a book. Jinks let go of her hand and shut the doors then recalled what Barry said about the penthouse rigged with devices to record things which he figured he’ll mention to her later once she revealed her purpose. 
He stared at her as she spoke “My name is Elina Soto. I was adopted at a young age and raised by Highlander parents’ supporters of the High Council. The High Council in question has ordered me to pair myself to you as your mate and have offspring fathered by you.”
Jinks stiffened hearing that as she kept talking “I’m being honest is from overhearing what you said to the federal agents about having a problem with the High Council due to your admitting to not being Human and you blowing a temper tantrum in response to them not letting go of the question. Your temper tantrum suggested to me that you don’t want to get the High Council furious with you if you talked.” 
He frowned hearing that as she continued to speak “I’m aware from Highlander sources in the city that the High Council had some angry view towards you as in ordering your assassination which they canceled that and abruptly stopped that view. There’s some rumor going around that you proved yourself worthy of being alive as a result of them changing their view.” 
He frown as she ads “I’m being honest is from my parents teaching me about relationships when they allowed me to date after I got old enough to do that. They emphasized on being honest with the date on things and not keeping secrets which could ruin the relationship enough to break up. The High Council when they ordered me to pair myself with you didn’t say anything on whether I should keep the order a secret or blab it to you which I’m being honest from seeing your reaction from talking with the federal agents subject about the High Council. I figured to myself that honestly is the best policy in getting you to accept me as your mate.”
Jinks frowned nodded his head and heard from Lance sounding in his mind speaking abruptly and not Tank “Accept Elina period. Let me handle the High Council.” 
He spoke “I’m fine with accepting you as my mate due to you being honest which I would like honestly as a policy be upheld among the both of us. I won’t have any reason to complain about the High Council and their manipulating as in them ordering things for you and me to do if we’re both honest with each other.”
He saw her nod her head with facial appearance appearing to show that she agreed with his words. 
He exhaled a breath and thought to himself “Should I bother mentioning what Barry told me of the penthouse being rigged along with myself rigged with devices?” 
He heard from Lance again “Just mention the implants and let Barry tell her of the penthouse rigged at a meeting in the library once you introduce her to him.” 
Jinks frowned and spoke “Alright Elina, there’s something you should know.” 
He paused seeing a questioning look on her face which he spoke “I have devices implanted in me that track my movements and my health.”
He paused seeing that she didn’t look surprised hearing that but sensed that she was aware of what he was telling her by the look on her face. 
Jinks spoke “Just curious what did the High Council tell you about me?”
He formed a questioning look on his face as Elina spoke “I’m aware of you being implanted with devices from the High Council telling me of that. Also I learned that your seemingly deathless with some unusual like abilities that no Human has which involves your eyes changing color along with some non Human abilities in you.” 
He frowned as she paused to sign in sign language which he understood her words “I met your son Ajax who demonstrated some of those abilities to me. He did warn me that you have more power abilities than he does and is stronger in them. Also I was warned that your place of residence would be rigged with devices to eavesdrop on conversation which I’m sure there’s something like that in this room.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath seeing her hand signs which he signed “I have a guest here named Barry who acts as my advisor on helping me with my powers and it was him who told me of the place rigged with devices. I’m told that the library is the most private of the entire residence due to that the listeners aren’t that blabby.” 
He saw her nod her head as he heard a knocking sound on the doors behind him turned around to see James come into the room who didn’t look surprised to see Elina judging by the look on the butler’s face. 
Jinks frowned as James spoke “Barry asked me to tell you that he’s in the library reading a book if you want to talk to him.” 
Jinks spoke “Thanks James.” 
He added “James this is Elina Soto who I’m interested in having as my mate.” 
He saw James nodded his head which he continued speaking while turning sideways “Elina I would like to go to the library to show you to Barry and have a talk with him.”
Jinks stared at Elina who spoke “I’m fine with that.” 
He reached out an arm and watched as she walked up to him to take his arm which he left the TV room and escorted her to the library room which he paused to remove her hands then opened the doors. Jinks saw Barry inside that put down the book he appeared to be reading while looking at him and Elina appearing to not be surprised to see her. Jinks pushed Elina gently into the room then shut the doors behind him which he stood in the room. 
He spoke “This is Elina Soto. Elina, this is Barry.”
He heard Barry speak “Nice to meet you Miss Soto.” 
Jinks heard an edge in Barry’s voice tone that made him think the Builder was up to something which he spoke “She admitted to me with honesty that she was ordered by the High Council to pair herself to me and that she has met my son Ajax who informed her of some of my special abilities.” 
He frowned as Barry spoke “Interesting anything else?”
He eyed Elina who appeared to be shyly staring at the floor which he added “She’s aware of me implanted with devices and that the penthouse is rigged with devices. I told her that the library is the most private of the whole place from what you told me.” 
He frowned as Barry spoke “Jinks do you object if I have a private conversation with her alone?”
He sighed and spoke “No I don’t mind if Elina doesn’t mind.”
Jinks shifted to stare at Elina who spoke eyes still staring at the floor “I don’t mind.” 
He heard the nervousness in her voice sighed went to her to place hands on her arms and gently kissed her on the forehead while hearing her sigh softly. 
He removed his hands and spoke “Barry, I’ll be in the gym room practicing.”
Jinks heard nothing from Barry went to the doors opening and closing them behind him. He went to the gym room opening the doors and once inside sat down on the floor and began doing his stretching exercises finding his clothes stretching along with him. Jinks once done with the stretching got up with a karate swung up move and began doing a Kata in white belt status which he figured that he’ll do a Kata in each belt color till Barry arrived with Elina. Jinks practiced till he got to a red belt Kata and sensed himself spied on which he eyed the door in the middle of doing karate to spot Barry looking at Elina while she was staring at him doing his movements with widen eyes. 
He ended the Kata with a bow towards the two and stood staring at them as Barry spoke “You seen of anything like that before Elina?”
He frowned at Barry’s question which she looked at Barry and spoke “I saw recordings of him and others doing what’s called Combative Arts. I’ve seen others doing it but they don’t appear to be doing the movements fluid and graceful like I’ve seen with Jinks doing it.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as Barry spoke “You have any training in what Humans dub Karate?”
He eyed Elina who kept staring at Barry which she spoke “I have been trained to get out of being attacked and trapped by people from learning about karate in school as a youngster which I can still recall the movements enough to use them.”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing Elina’s words as he continued staring at her staring at Barry. 
He heard Barry speak “Just curious how many offspring do you want to have or emphasized to have by other people?”
He frowned at the change of subject as Elina spoke “I like to have two a male and female like I was emphasized to have. The people did emphasize to have the male first and then a female after that.” 
Jinks sigh walked forwards towards Elina to stand in front of her putting a hand on her shoulder sensing her being fine with that. 
Barry, he heard spoke “Interesting anything else emphasized to you besides that?”
He stared at Elina who spoke “They did warn me that Jinks has a terrible temper when it comes to learning about things said to be lies about him. Also that he has rage episodes something I witnessed while in the lobby and how to stop him from doing further damage which was hugging he and getting him to calm down right away.”
He frowned as Elina looked at him with some pleasant look in her eyes followed by her walking forwards to hug him who he felt himself accepting the hug by his hands automatically settling on her back and his chin leaning against the side of her head despite the top of her head reaching the beginning of his nose height. 
He felt an urge to show her his bedroom spoke “Elina, I like to show you my bedroom.” 
He heard nothing from Elina but her removing herself from him and nodding her head which he took her hand and pulled her out of the room to the hallway which he took to his bedroom. Once inside the bedroom he let go of her hand and shut the doors then went to Elina putting hands on her shoulders and before she could react he kissed her on the lips. 
Jinks felt her shock along with hearing Lance’s voice speaking “She has poison in her system that will get into you through mating enough to hurt you and that she has been implanted to prevent pregnancy.” 
He felt himself furiously angry stopped kissing Elina to place a hand on her throat gagging her as she stared at him with an angry look on her face with awareness in her eyes that told him she was aware what he learned about her from kissing. He growled an angry sound gagging her harder and found his hold on her neck off from her doing karate movements followed by her backing up which he quickly willed the Master through and mentally ordered her to choke while raising a hand fisting it. Jinks saw Elina appear to be choking by her hands grabbing her neck while hearing her gasp for air. 
He heard Barry’s voice speaking using the voice “Release her now!”
Jinks felt himself compelled to obey as he snarled out loud with anger in his voice “You’ll pay for Katherine’s death, High Council. Your dead to me and I’ll see to that assassination just to destroy you for what you did to my Katherine.” 
He felt sleepiness hit him ignored the feeling to snarl “You shouldn’t have killed Katherine.” 
The sleepiness he felt persisted as he felt himself falling to the floor and shutting his eyes passing out unconscious-

Once again Nikolas was interrupted by Dalton speaking "Who's telling the story anyway?"
Nikolas sighed hearing snickering like laughter in the Meritanians' Tank and Merra's voice sounding in his mind as he felt his familiar joke sense went off again.
Nikolas spoke firmly "Meritanians must you manipulate me telling the story?"
He formed a glare and waited as Tank's snickering voice was heard blaring in his mind "Your story was getting boring. Tell something else instead."
Nikolas heard a loud Hmph from Yana focused onto her and got her speaking "Merra admits that Ramses was trying out his familiar tricks of getting people to speak something else than they were actually were thinking."
Nikolas gave up a loud Hmph in response as he again heard snickering like laughter in Tank's voice tone in his mind only to hear loud bah comments from Dalton again. He sighed and found Samantha managed to get off his lap and was elsewhere out of sight.
Nikolas spoke firmly "Meritanians just let me tell the story anyway I want."
Snickering laughter sounded in his mind in response as he found himself speaking a vulgarity comment aimed at the High Council as if compelled to his disgust. He gave up a sound of disgust only to hear more snickering like laughter sounding in his mind. 
He got from Yana in response "Just speak the story! Ignore whatever comes out of your mouth when you tell the story!"
Nikolas groaned and obeyed speaking his story while hearing Yana typing on the laptop including further snickering like laughter from the Meritanians.

Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who was frowning staring at him. 
Jinks felt angry rage snarled “The High Council is dead, dead. I want them dead period. They killed Katherine and I intend to see that they pay for her death and I’ll do what it takes to make them pay.” 
He felt Lance’s hands touch him on his forehead and chest making him calmer which he felt his rage went away as he burst into tears crying out “Katherine. Why did she have to die? I miss her so much that it hurts so badly.” 
Jinks felt Lance hug him which he didn’t protest as he kept on crying tears weeping out repeatedly “My Katherine.” 
Jinks continued to cry tears as Lance rubbed his back with his hands which he gripped his father’s clothes while hugged. He felt the tears stop along with the sadness sighed and felt Lance release his hold on him which he stared at his father who was frowning. 
Jinks frowned feeling himself much calmer as Lance spoke “It’s alright, Jinks. You’ll get over her passing enough to stop being hurt from it. Don’t, worry about that just keep on living for her. You’ll be fine.” 
Jinks sighed as Lance rubbed a hand on his shoulder as his father continued speaking “You’re just going though another phase related to the loss of a loved one to death. The hurt will go away me oath to you and you’ll feel better again.” 
He nodded his head sighing again as Lance forced his eyes shut which he came to hearing the sound of an alarm clock blaring in his ear. Jinks lurched up to find himself lying on his bed still wearing his clothes with daylight shining dimly through the curtains with the Master roaring in the back of his mind and not in control. He eyed the clock to see the time was eight o’clock in the morning. Jinks groaned recalled the events of the previous day and his breakdown in front of Lance rubbed hands through his hair then got up heading towards the bathroom figuring to himself that he’ll shower-

Nikolas cut himself off to speak "Is this memory the four sons I'm getting in my mind you're making me speak about?"
He heard snickering like laughter in Tank's voice to hear "Just tell the story, Nicky."
Nikolas groaned hearing Tank's snickering like voice sounding in his mind, including the jokey term of Nicky for his name of Nikolas, spoken like the Meritanian was indicating a joke again. He groaned softly and forced himself to speak the story.

Jinks came out of the bathroom dressed in clean clothes along with his hair brushed which he paused to stand in the middle of the room staring at the bed recalling Katherine sleeping in it sick with cancer while he was sitting in a chair staring at her. He shook his head of the memory as he felt anger simmering within him exhaled a breath as he breathed hard through his mouth mentally willing the feeling to go away. He sighed again as the anger lowered its ebb but was still felt which he went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to see James in his familiar spot. 
Jinks frowned as James spoke with a hint of relief in his voice “Barry left the previous day and hasn’t said when he’ll be back.”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that nodded his head and went to the dining room to sit as James he spotted went into the kitchen which he waited as Emma came out carrying a tray with food smells coming from it that made his stomach rumble. He felt himself terribly hungry ate all of the food and drank all of the drink. 
Once done he pushed the tray away and got a communication from Lance speaking “I want to talk to you face to face so hit the library.” 
Jinks frowned but got up and went to the library and once inside shut the doors and went to a chair pulling up the cushion looking for a book which he found wasn’t there then placed the cushion back in place before sitting down in the chair leaning back. 
He shut his eyes and dreamed of facing Lance who spoke “Barry got transported to the High Council by himself using his voice on the Meritanians.”
Jinks felt nothing related to the statement spoke “So?”
He stared at Lance who frowned as his father spoke “The High Council has Barry in their service again so he won’t be able to help you with you learning your powers including some you don’t know of.” 
Jinks shrugged and spoke “I didn’t have a teacher growing up as a child teaching me my powers. I managed to learn about them fine which I think I’ll be doing fine.” 
He saw Lance’s face become more into a frown with lips forming it as he added “I turned out fine learning my powers so I don’t need Barry for help.” 
Jinks heard an ahem sounding from the Meritanians off his right which he felt his eyes forced shut and came to find himself still in the library sitting in a chair. He leaned forwards to rub hands on his forehead recalling Barry teaching him how to use his earthquake powers to save someone trapped in a coffin like box underwater which was picked up by an underwater sea vessel due to him setting off earth shakes at the location in code. Jinks frowned as an image of the High Council’s underwater base flashed in his mind from being in a clear see through walk way tube with Ajax. He felt an instinct like feeling telling him to learn more about the area the High Council’s home base Humans called Australia Atoll hit him. Jinks got up from the chair and went to the library doors opening and closing them as he walked out. He exhaled a breath sensing James wasn’t nearby figured to himself that he’ll go to the kitchen and ask for the butler. Jinks went to the dining room and reached the kitchen doors raising a hand fisted and stiffened as he sensed a presence appear behind him. 
He heard “Master Jinks.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing James’ voice turned around lowering his hand and spoke “I would like a map of the entire planet of Shadan in a form called a globe so get me one.” 
He narrowed his eyes in a glare as James spoke “I’ll get you the latest version.”
He spoke “One more thing how I contact you if I have something to request?”
Jinks folded his arms as James spoke “Just call my name and I’ll be there for your requests, Master Jinks.”
Jinks nodded his head as James went into the kitchen which he figured to himself that the butler was wearing a listening device to hear him call for him anywhere in the penthouse hence given the contact request. He went to the TV room and sat on the couch leaning forwards hands covering his face with elbows on his thighs. He breathed mediation techniques as his anger within him felt like it was rising. Jinks got up from the couch folding his arms and began pacing walking back and forth in front of the couch sideways from it still breathing mediation techniques as his anger within him boiled but not taking control of him. He felt the anger take control unfolded his arms to pause from walking to bend down bringing his left hand fisted onto the coffee table hard and heard a crack sound as the wooden material split in half underneath his fist. He sighed feeling his anger stop taking control of him and went away as he straightened his form to fold his arms stared at the closed doors feeling himself impatient for James to arrive with the results of his request. Jinks felt his impatience hit rising within him growled some angry sound as he heard a knocking sound on the doors followed by James entering the room clearing his throat. 
Jinks stared at James who held up a small boxy like device in his hand before speaking “The latest version of a globe as you requested.”
Jinks spoke “How you turn that thing on?”
Jinks stared at James who did a double take look seeing the coffee table split on half before the butler spoke “Its voice activated on turning it on.”
He exhaled a breath as James handed him the device which he took and went to the couch to sit while hearing the butler leave the room closing the doors behind him. He placed the device next to him on the couch and spoke remembering the TV being voice activated the command for on. Jinks stared at the device to see in the middle of it a blue light come on followed by a projected hologram version of a round ball came from it with colors of blue, white and brown. He stared at the ball which took him a moment to recognize it as Shadan seen by satellite from space. 
He heard an electronic voice speaking “Destination?”
Jinks spoke “Australia Atoll.” 
He watched as the hologram disappeared followed by another hologram taking its place in a flat version showing a close up of an area without clouds blocking it which he figured from memory was Australia Atoll.  
Jinks stared at the hologram spoke “History of Australia Atoll.” 
He heard the electronic voice recited a summary of what he already knew of the area from learning about it in the past when he held the position of King shared with another male. 
Jinks heard the voice recited that some of the islands being volcanoes spoke interrupting “Pause.”
He stared at the hologram and spoke “Highlight islands that are volcanoes.” 
He watched as islands on the holograms turned red showing half of the islands were volcanoes which he felt an instinct like feeling hit him telling him to do something about them. 
Jinks spoke “Highlight volcano islands that are said to be active.”
He watched as the red changed to show half of the highlighted islands showing that they were volcanoes said to be active. Jinks recalled himself from memories of people declaring him the Lord of the Underworld ruler of Earth and gonoids smiled a smirk on his face as it dawned on him what he could do. He stared at the hologram committing it to memory then with image in his mind leaned back on the couch and shut his eyes mentally calling for his earthquake power to hit one of the volcanoes said to be active and sensed it working from mental senses aimed at it. He continued to will the earth to shake which he halted the earth shaking as he sensed the volcano erupt while sensing that only him and the volcano itself will stop the erupting. Jinks smiled a smirk opening his eyes and sat up from leaning back on the couch. 
He stared at the hologram and spoke “Show present scan conditions of the volcano islands for eruptions.” 
Jinks watched as the hologram changed to show one island highlighted in red followed by an electronic voice speaking “Volcano detected erupting.”
He smiled a smirking smile and thought to himself “Let’s see how you handle this, High Council.”
Jinks got a communication from Lance speaking “Jinks, what the depths you are up to now?”
He felt sleepiness growled an angry sound leaned back and shut his eyes dreaming of himself facing Lance who looked annoyed. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Jinks, spill it what the depths did you do this time?”
He shook his head in a no gesture while speaking “Nothing for you to concern yourself with, Father.” 
Jinks frowned as he saw Lance’s eyes turned all black followed by gagging him on the throat in a tight hold as his father spoke “Don’t even think of hiding this from me. So talk now!”
He heard the edge in Lance’s voice figured that his father was aware of what he did and wanted him to confess it.
Jinks gagged out “You already know what I did, father so why should I say it?”
He felt himself freed and felt a fist connect with his stomach throwing him backwards onto the ground which he felt a foot on his chest along with paralysis holding him in place. 
Jinks groaned as Lance leaned down black eyes narrowed in a glare before his father spoke “I expect more from you than that stunt you pulled so confess it now.” 
He shook his head and clamped his mouth shut as Lance added “Don’t tempt me to kill you off and take your place so talk now!”
He groaned sensing that Lance was serious with his words spoke “All I did was use my earthquake power to cause a said to be active volcano in Australia Atoll to erupt.” 
He felt a choking feeling in his throat as Lance raised a hand fisting it which he gagged out “It’s not fair that the High Council got away with killing Katherine without receiving punishment.” 
Jinks felt the gagging feeling in his throat stop as Lance folded his arms straightening up his form looking away and speaking loudly “You got all of that talk Meritanians?”
He felt himself become furiously angry growled an angry sound as he heard Ramses’ voice speaking “Yeah we got it all and relayed it to the High Council. Just tell Horus to cut the volcano eruption and there won’t be any further damage done by that thing.”
He snarled out as Ramses stopped talking “Betrayer! You’re not my father for doing this to me!”
He felt his anger take control as Lance looked down at him with Human blue eyes and spoke “Jinks.” 
Jinks felt himself calming down from his anger as if the emotion was willed away from him to stare at Lance who added still staring at him “Meritanians, tell the High Council that Jinks is very upset with the loss of his female Katherine and still hasn’t gotten over her passing along with learning that the High Council manipulated her to die hence his behavior.” 
He frowned as he heard Ramses speaking “Ugh High Council, Horus had a female named Katherine who passed away too many cycles ago which he took the loss hard. He’s very upset at the moment because cycles ago a High Council member admitted to him that the High Council manipulated Katherine to die and he’s very angry about that hence his behavior.” 
Jinks heard nothing else from Ramses as Lance spoke “I expect once you’re awake to cut that volcano’s eruption period and I expect you to do it without protest or I’ll see that you’re punished harshly.” 
Jinks groaned hearing the firmness in Lance’s tone figured that his father was serious with his words kept his mouth shut as Lance leaned down forcing his eyes shut. Jinks came to find himself still in the TV room leaning back on the couch. 
He groaned loudly and got a communication from Lance yelling “I mean it with my words, Jinks!”
Jinks exhaled a breath to shut his eyes and mentally recalled the volcano island in his mind and mentally ordered it to stop erupting. He sensed his order obeyed opened his eyes to sit up leaning forwards putting hands on his face covering the area.
He rubbed his face to mutter out loud “It’s not fair.”
He clamped his mouth shut and allowed himself to think his thoughts mentally speaking to himself “It’s not fair that the High Council got away with killing Katherine. I want them to pay for her death.”
He heard nothing from Lance as he continued to think to himself “I miss her terribly and it hurts that she’s gone and won’t come back in my life again.”
He again rubbed his face with his hands as he continued to think to himself “Oh why did she have to die? Why couldn’t the High Council leave her alone and let her live? I wouldn’t be suffering from hurt of this pain if they bothered to leave her alone.”
He groaned loudly and continued to think to himself “I don’t have anything worth living for besides my anger towards the High Council for killing Katherine. I don’t have a purpose in life besides being isolated and alone.” 
Jinks heard a knocking sound on the door to the TV room lowered his hands to stare at the doors as they opened showing James entering the room clearing his throat loudly. 
He stared at James who spoke with disgust in his voice “You have a visitor in the dining room.”
Jinks got up from the couch and walked out of the TV room passed James and sensed the butler not following him which he went to the dining room and paused seeing Barry frowning while sitting in a chair wearing a device around his neck and devices peeking out from his wrists of his sleeves.  
He stared at Barry who noticed him which the Builder spoke “I warned the High Council that you would do something terrible to them. They didn’t believe me and said that you were only one man against an army. Ugh that volcano eruption woke them up enough to get them to realize that I’m not kidding on what I’ve been warning them.” 
He frowned as Barry paused to clear his throat then continued speaking “I did warn them that you would make a very powerful enemy if you don’t have anything to lose such as them killing off the only reason that would keep you from declaring war on them. That reason is your son Robert you fathered through Katherine.” 
He stiffened hearing that as his instincts screamed that Barry wasn’t lying with his words or about Robert.
Barry continued talking “I told the High Council in firm terms to lay off assassinating Robert due to that you would declare war on them if he was killed which they were proven to be behind the death. I also warned the High Council about the Master Organization seeing you as a deity including that there’s members willing to follow you to death as in doing anything you order including fighting a war which Lance when asked by the Meritanians backed that up by admitting seeing that happen to people when he had a body.”
Jinks frowned hearing Barry’s words as Barry kept on speaking “I got to warn you that I suspect that the High Council might try to assassinate Robert due to the impression I got from them. I think their trying to hurt you badly enough to make sure that you don’t try any stunts against them again such as the volcano eruption. I also admit that I used my voice on the Meritanians to not to transport Robert without his permission with sources informing your son of this order.”
He frowned forming it on his lips as Barry paused to clear his throat then added “There’s a way of fighting the High Council without them retaliating against you whom I’m sure that you’ll find it. Don’t worry the way will show itself to you when its time for it. Just keep on searching.” 
He nodded his head as Barry got up from the chair and disappeared in a flash of light which he figured that the Builder was transported by the Meritanians elsewhere. 
Jinks heard “Ugh glad that awful man is gone.” 
He stiffened recognizing the voice as Emma turned to look at her seeing her in the room who gestured to the table with her head. He looked to see sitting in his familiar spot on the table was a cup of pink liquid which he figured was his familiar strawberry milkshake. Jinks went to the cup and picked it up bringing it to his lips. He shocked himself by gulping down the entire contents then placed the cup back on the table. 
He spoke as Emma leaned down to pick up the cup “What’s you and the others’ feelings towards Barry anyway?”
He formed a frown on his face as Emma straightened up to stare at him with a frown on her face. 
He spoke “Just heard you call Barry an awful man. What have he done to cause you and the others to dislike him? I like to know.” 
Jinks heard Emma give off a sound of disgust and she spoke “Personally I didn’t like the way he seemed to be controlling you to do things including allowing you to be interested in a not appropriate for you, female as a mate.”
He exhaled a breath hearing that as Emma kept talking “James admitted that he heard of the Meritanians mind walking plants that could transport people around from one of them talking to him which he voice ordered them to transport Barry and that female out of here. He like Matthew shares the same view I feel towards Barry thinking that he’s too controlling towards you. You should be controlling your own life without people manipulating you including having the appropriate female as your mate.” 
Jinks exhaled another breath as Emma stopped talking to stare at him. 
He spoke “Just what’s your opinion on what female is appropriate for me?”
He formed a questioning look on his face as Emma gave off a sigh and spoke “Personally I think she should be fully Human and not some in between hybrid.” 
Jinks spoke “What about James and Matthew in this view?”
He heard Emma give off a sight again and she spoke “Matthew personally shares my view and insists that she be Human. James prefers that she be either Human or Builder as long as she’s not a Highlander or parts of Highlander in her. We all agree that Highlanders are not appropriate for you to have as a mate due to hearing nasty things about some Highlander group called High Council.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing her mention High Council as she continued talking “I heard all sorts of nasty things done by this High Council such as in assassinating people who speak out against them. This assassinating has some people I know all Humans very angry enough to declare war on the High Council but they can’t do a thing about it due to Highlanders supporting the High Council sabotaging them and assassinating them too.”
Jinks frowned as Emma paused to clear her throat then she continued “I’m surprised that the current King hasn’t yet declared war on the High Council due to that they killed off a relative of his, his opponent in the election who spoke out against them two months ago calling them manipulators who should mind their own business. Poor Donald wound up killed off by his car blowing up which the High Council has claimed responsibility and that, that’s not the only death they have claimed responsibility. The High Council has claimed to assassinate numerous people who all said to speak out against them.”
Jinks exhaled a breath as Emma kept talking “Also the High Council has claimed to be manipulating people mostly Humans to do things against their wills by threat of assassinating a relative of theirs which this claiming started ten years ago and is still on going. Anything else you want Master Jinks?”
He shook his head as Emma without a word walked into the kitchen leaving the doors swinging behind her. Jinks figured to himself that he’ll go to his bedroom to take a nap due to feeling tired. He took a step and froze feeling a pain hitting his heart area as an image of Robert age twenty two looking sad flashed in his mind followed by the pain going away as the image faded. Jinks rubbed a hand on his chest to gasp loudly as he recalled getting similar pain when Victoria passed away and stiffened realizing that it indicated that Robert was dead. 
He got a communication from Lance speaking “I want to talk to you face to face so go lie down somewhere.” 
Jinks quickly darted out of the dining room heading to the TV room which he darted inside and slammed the doors shut behind him. He went to the couch and sat lying back shutting his eyes and dreamed of himself facing Lance. 
Jinks spoke “They didn’t kill off Robert did they?”
Jinks saw Lance nod his head with a sad look on his face which he yelled “No!”

Nikolas cut himself off from speaking the story to snarl "Meritanians."
He heard snickering like laughter in his mind in response as he heard a throat clearing noise from Yana. 
Nikolas paused only to hear Dalton snarled angrily "This story sucks."
He heard further snickering like laughter in his mind as he found himself compelled to speak further of his story via compulsion.

Jinks felt hands on his forehead and chest keeping him calm as he quieted down to stare at Lance who spoke “They got him by car explosion by having a Highlander fire a torpedo at the car he was in. Luckily his wife and children weren’t in the car so their safe and the High Council will probably leave them alone due to that that their all females. The High Council, don’t normally assassinate females but prefer to kill off males instead. They prefer to let medical ailments kill off females instead of setting off assassins to do the job so his wife and children are safe for now.” 
Jinks groaned loudly hearing that as Lance added “You heard Barry there’s a way of fighting the High Council without them retaliating. Just wish the way would be found quickly and fast due to that there’s a group of Builders getting fed up with the High Council’s manipulating and are thinking of killing Highlanders as in committing genocide in retaliation against the High Council. Those Builders haven’t done anything yet but their seriously thinking of doing the genocide and the thought is slowly becoming popular among other Builders including spreading to Humans fed up with the High Council.”
Jinks again groaned loudly which he heard Ramses’ speaking “Ugh High Council there’s a problem sensed among the restless natives on the Humans’ mainland. The problem is that people, Builders have gotten fed up with you manipulating their lives that their thinking of retaliating as in killing Highlanders enough to commit genocide.” 
He turned his attention towards Ramses who continued talking “You heard me. I’m not kidding about genocide towards Highlanders. The Builders are really angry towards you and that view is spreading very quickly among Builders who are using voice orders to spread it among Humans just to amass an army in their war.” 
Jinks frowned as Ramses paused then continued “Actually this thought by the Builders was detected the moment someone answering to the name of Robert was said to have died in a car explosion which have them furious about the death due to being aware that you had a hand in it.”
Jinks stiffened hearing that as Ramses kept talking “Unfortunately the death has triggered Builders to set a deadline of starting the genocide which we’re still trying to find out about when it is.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut woke up to sit up rubbing a hand on his forehead thinking to himself “What the depths will get the High Council to stop their manipulating enough for the Builders to call off their war with them?”
He heard nothing from Lance frowned to get up and pace in the room. He paused from walking as the scenery changed to show the High Council’s throne room and he felt again the clawed hands of the Hawk head guards on his arms in tight ironclad grips as he saw a familiar figure standing nearby he sensed was Ajax. 
Jinks exhaled a breath as Shad spoke with sarcasm “Welcome back Horus. What do you have to say for causing the volcano eruption which we detected you doing it?”
He got a communication from Lance speaking “Just admit that your angry at them and that should throw them off.” 
He spoke with anger in his voice “I’m angry at you hence me causing the volcano eruption. You’re lucky that Lance insisted that I cease the stunt I pulled which I did.” 
He clamped his mouth shut and narrowed his eyes while hearing a growling sound in a whispered tone that he recognized belonged to Anubis who he eyed had ears flat with eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at the High Council. Jinks switched his eyes towards the High Council to see the speakers had their heads bowed while the High Council behind them were busy waggling their heads while moving their black gloved hands in random gestures. He frowned as the talk he assumed among the High Council appeared to be lengthy from the looks of it before the speakers both raised their heads. 
He heard Onya speak with disgust in her voice tone “Ramses, would you please knock Horus out?”
He felt sleepiness hit him figured that the Meritanian was doing it felt it persisted which he shut his eyes allowing himself to pass out unconscious- 

Once again Nikolas heard Dalton cut him off giving a sound of disgust loudly.
"Just tell the story!" he got from Yana in response who added "Ignore the Meritanians manipulating you. Their manipulating me and what I'm typing down too."
Nikolas gave up a loud Hmph sound and didn't comment a response as Dalton was again giving off his familiar bah comments he noticed the male was again rubbing hands on top of his head and rocking his form. Nikolas gave up a groan once his joke sense went off again only to hear squishing sounds of something wet. He peered behind him to find James, with wet clothes walking by him.
Nikolas frowned as James paused from walking to speak "Excuse me. I'll be indisposed for awhile to attend to my hygiene. Meritanians dumped me into the pool for using my voice onto them to transport a visitor out of the lobby."
Nikolas opened his mouth only to find the butler faded from view followed by kitchen doors banging.
He spoke loudly "What visitor in the lobby?"
Nikolas didn't have long to wait as Emma arrived via the kitchen speaking "Visitor in the lobby was another representative of the State Police as they call themselves instead of the official name of FBI hoping to pester you with questions some obnoxious and not for public to know."
He gave up a sound of disgust as Emma without a word left him entering the kitchen. 
He heard loudly "You sure that their trying to find more information involving this Jinks Montreal being cloned? I heard too much of this cloning status among the natives as indicated by the Meritanians claiming it to me."
Nikolas shifted to glare at Dalton the voice's owner who had stopped his fit of bah comments and held up his hands while speaking "Yana or Veronica showed me a TV broadcast of the FBI seeking information on a Jinks Montreal via tabloid TV show-"
"Traitor!" He heard from Yana yelling who added "You weren't supposed to say anything of that to Daddy!"
Nikolas shifted to glare at Yana who appeared to gulp followed by speaking "Tabloid's TV show was indicating Jinks a person of interests in being recruited into the State Police's army whatever that is for. The TV show claims that Jinks actual name of Robert has special abilities and should be in the State Police's army."
He kept the glare forming the Source's look as Yana gulped again and kept on speaking "its talk for being a trained assassin for the Soulers as the new High Council calls themselves trying to kick out people who believe in the old High Council group to do crappy religious beliefs in their name. The Soulers are kind of desperate to get the religion of the High Council disappeared and gone with."
Nikolas narrowed his eyes as Yana continued speaking "There are people still believing in the old High Council group enough to worship them like a deity lord something the Soulers are trying to wipe out planet side. Their pushing for the people to believe in Lance Richard instead, hence Dalton, as he calls himself now, given the persona."
Nikolas heard a loud Hmph from Dalton to find the male getting up and shrugging the Lance Richard persona in control and speaking "Duty calls."
He frowned as Dalton disappeared into a light show to sense his All Seeing One ability back into his mind by a familiar headache hitting him. Nikolas focused onto Dalton with eyes shut only to feel a newspaper hitting his face. 
He jerked open his eyes to find Yana giving him a Source's glare and speaking "Just tell me a story while we wait for Dalton boy to return."
Nikolas groaned softly and didn't protest as he spoke the story despite his familiar joke sense going off involving the Meritanians.

Jinks came to feeling a hand shaking him on the shoulder which he jerked open his eyes to see in his eyes sight a group of Listeners gathered around the bed he was lying on as one straightened up his form. 
He spoke in Basic sensing the Listeners were annoyed with him “Excuse me, something I can do for you?”
He frowned as one of the Listeners spoke in a feminine tone in foreign language followed by the same Annukai speaking in Basic “The three heads put you in our nesting room so get up and get out.” 
He figured to obey got up from the bed as Annukai surrounding it back up from him. 
He spoke recognizing the room and its contents from the looks of it “You got a room I can stay in?”
He heard the familiar Annukai speaking in foreign language followed by foreign language spoken in a male tone and then heard the female he assumed speaking “Just go to each door in the hallway and whatever door opens is the room set for you.” 
Jinks spoke “Uh Ok.” 
He walked out of the room into the hallway finding the door was at one end of the hallway which he followed the Annukai’s instructions and went to each door stepping in front of them and putting hands on them when they appeared to not open for him. He frowned as one of the doors opened which he sighed and walked inside feeling his senses blare warning seeing the room and saw nothing to indicate it. He eyed the bed and felt pressure on his chest over his heart which he put a hand on the area and felt nothing but felt himself rooted to the spot. 
Jinks eyed the lights and spoke “Lights off.”
He stiffened with night vision to see Robert with a frown on his face appearing to look twenty five years old appearing to have a hand on his chest over his heart that looked away from him towards the bed. He saw a male Drainer with a triangle shaped hat standing behind the bed appearing to see him and then looked at the bed to see a female form looking Human like while lying on it asleep wearing clothes that made him think it was related to military. Jinks exhaled a breath and looked at Robert who pointed up with his other hand which he verbally ordered the lights on. He felt Robert stop touching him which he walked out of the room and went to the doors finding them remained closed till he reached the last door in the hallway which opened while it was next to a wall that made him think it was a big sliding door. He walked inside the room and paused allowing his senses to scan the room and sensed nothing serious from them about the area. He sighed to feel sleepiness sighed again and went to the bed lying his form down on it and shut his eyes. He dreamed of facing Lance who had his eyes all black with a glare on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke sounding annoyed “Barry managed to cancel his order he set on the plants regarding Robert just a few hours before the car your son was in exploded. The Meritanians managed to transport Robert to the High Council’s base which the High Council ordered Anubis to kill him by snapping his neck.”
Jinks groaned loudly hearing Lance’s words as Lance kept talking “Harrumph this neck snapping only knocked Robert out unconscious but caused you pain enough to think that he was dead like I thought too. The High Council after a lot of convincing by Ajax and the Meritanians have ordered Robert to be preserved asleep in some tube using the same experiment done on you to him in that thing.” 
Jinks did a double take look feeling himself shocked as Lance continued “Robert at the moment from my senses cued to him is doing the same thing you did when you were in your sleep by medical means.” 
He groaned as he heard a loud cough sound coming from the Meritanians as Lance gave off a growling sound and spoke “The Builders’ threatened genocide was stopped by the High Council who broadcasted a message saying that they were fed up with being insulted by people hence they doing assassinations to people saying insults and manipulating others to do things they threatening them and wanted people to stop doing that behavior. The Builders in response called off the genocide. The Meritanians warned the High Council that the Builders are still furious and urged the High Council to watch what they do with people just to keep the Builders from starting up another attempt genocide idea again.”
He groaned loudly as Lance paused to give up another growling sound followed by again speaking “The High Council managed to discreetly tell the Builders that they would back off on their manipulating if they would cancel the order relating to transporting you to the High Council’s home base. The Builders in response have cancelled the order but made it clear to the High Council that they expect you to be kept alive at all costs. The Meritanians backed up the Builders’ demand by saying that they sensed that the Shadonia all of them have some connection sense aimed at you that is keeping them in peace among each other and among other races living with them and elsewhere. The plants emphasized that if you were killed off the Shadonia all of them would literally go insane becoming killing machines destroying anything and anyone in their path till they extinct themselves to death.”
Jinks again groaned loudly as Lance paused to hear Ramses speak his familiar question which he felt his eyes forced shut. He woke up hearing the sound of an alarm clock lurched up in bed to find that he was back in the penthouse in his bedroom which he turned to glare at the clock finding it halt its noises. He groaned and got up from the bed and went into the bathroom figuring to himself that he’ll shower- 

Once again Nikolas cut himself off giving off a sound of disgust and speaking "This story you Meritanians are having me tell is ridiculous."
He got from Yana "Just tell the story!"
Groaning Nikolas obeyed to speak the story.

Jinks came out of the bathroom dressed in clean clothes feeling himself better from the shower. He sighed and went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to see James in his familiar spot looking relieved to see him. He kept his mouth shut went to the dining room while followed by the butler which he went to sit and waited as James went into the kitchen followed by Emma walking out carrying a tray with dishware on it with food smells coming from it making his stomach rumble. He waited as Emma placed the tray in front of him then stepped back straightening up her form giving him a look expecting him to take in the nourishment. Jinks obeyed taking his time eating the food with silverware and drinking down the orange juice in a cup. Once finished he got up and went to the library as if compelled and opened the doors which he did a double take look finding Barry inside sitting in a chair still wearing devices on his form. Jinks walked into the room shutting the doors and looked at Barry with a questioning look on his face. 
Barry spoke “I’m still under the service of the High Council who’s using me for two things such as finding out about you and your abilities along with seeing events happening I see in my mind.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath as Barry kept on talking “Robert is doing fine in the High Council’s care. Their keeping him alive due to that he’s your son and that he has abilities their interested in breeding him to father children who’ll inherited the abilities.”
Jinks sighed loudly hearing Barry’s words as Barry continued “Jinks, the reason I suspect that their keeping Robert alive is from you demonstrating the ability to manipulate a volcano to erupt and ceasing the eruption. They detected you doing the manipulating is from the implants in you having a sensor cued to your brain organ going off along with sensors on the volcano going off with vibrations detected by both sensors resulting in being identical movements which is how they figured it out that you were causing that.” 
He exhaled a breath to groan loudly as Barry paused to stand up and then the Builder spoke “Don’t worry about me, Jinks. I’ll be fine under the High Council’s care.”
He saw Barry disappear in a flash of white light which he figured it was from the Meritanians doing that. Jinks went to the chair Barry vacated and sat down leaning back into it feeling no book between the cushion and the chair. He leaned his head back sighing loudly to feel sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who had Human blue eyes. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Barry omitted to say that he has a medical condition Humans called cerebral palsy that makes him use a cane to help for walking. He’s been suffering from terrible chest pains a side effect from surviving being poisoned by Margo giving him trouble functioning due to how bad they are. Barry accepting the High Council using him is from them giving him medical treatments to stop the pain and make it easier for him to function something he’s been seeking since he was diagnosed with the pains due to that none of the Humans’ medical treatments have worked on him.” 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Ramses spoke his familiar question which he felt his eyes forced shut. Jinks woke up hearing a knocking sound on the door which he sat up as James entered the room clearing his throat. 
He looked at James who spoke “You have visitors in the lobby who can’t come up due to privacy reasons.” 
He exhaled a breath and got up from the chair walking past James and went to the elevator taking it to the lobby which he walked out to spot the familiar four men which he figured were federal agents. Groaning softly he walked up to them and got his hunch correct as one of them indentified them as FBI by showing a badge on a wallet while sensing himself filmed from another holding up a palm sized object aimed at him. 
Jinks frowned as the federal agent spoke “You care to explain any manipulating the High Council done to you?”
He spoke “I had a female mate named Katherine who passed away from cancer. I found out on the tenth year of her passing from a High Council member that they bribed the doctor to not say anything about her cancer when it was detected at an early stage till it was fatal enough to kill her. I’m still hurting from this and the situation has me furious that it happened.” 
He paused to clamp his mouth shut as the federal agent spoke “Sorry I have to ask this but when did Katherine pass away?”
Jinks calculated in his mind and then spoke “It happened thirty three years ago.” 
He frown hearing a throat clearing noise coming from one of the federal agents which the familiar agent spoke “How are you feeling regarding the situation?”
Jinks spoke “Actually I spent thirteen of those years busy single parenting a daughter to bother feeling anything towards Katherine’s death. As for the twenty years most of that was spent in specialized sleep due to being convicted of a crime which my sentence is finished.”
Jinks frowned as he again heard the throat clearing noise as the federal agent spoke “You care to explain how you’re feeling at the moment?”
He sighed softly and spoke “Just furiously upset.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as the federal agent spoke “Thank you for your time. That is all for now. We’ll be back for further questioning.” 
He nodded his head and walked away going into the elevator gestured by a Highlander guard telling him mentally which one to enter which he obeyed and pressed the button to the penthouse. He frowned as the elevator went up and reached the penthouse floor which he walked out and wandered to the library to go inside shutting the doors shut behind him. He went to sit down and found his book remained in its familiar spot on the table in its familiar position as he left it. Sighing Jinks picked up the book and began reading it finding himself still disgusted with the mating scenes detailed a bit graphically but interested in the story due to its theme of medieval Great Britain. He continued to read the book till he heard knocking sounds on the doors which he lowered the book to stare at the doors showing James entering the room clearing his throat. 
He stared at James who spoke “Its lunchtime and time for your required nourishment to take in.” 
Sighing he placed the book flat on the table marking its place in where he was in it then got up and walked out of the library sensing the butler not following him. Jinks went to the dining room to find sitting on the table was his familiar strawberry milkshake drink in his familiar spot at the table. He went to sit and picked up the drink taking his time drinking it down till there was nothing left then put the cup back on the table. Jinks got up from the table and sighed figuring to himself that he’ll practice karate feeling like needing to do it. He went to the gym room and once inside sat down on the floor and began doing his stretching exercises finding no resistance from his clothes as he stretched. He swung himself up with a karate move and began doing a Kata in a black belt level. He practiced and ended with a bow towards the doors as a memory of Victoria his daughter age thirteen standing in the doorway watching him practice karate with awe on her face flashed in his mind. It made him grimace to straighten up his form to rub a hand on his head and he walked out of the gym room shutting the doors behind him. He exhaled a breath as a thought of wanting to know where Victoria was buried came to his mind and whether it was possible for him to visit the gravesite. 
He spoke loudly “James!” 
He waited in the hallway as he heard footfalls heading towards him on his left to spot James walking towards him with a questioning look on the butler’s face. 
Jinks spoke “Just out of curiosity how far back in the past do you know of me?” 
He waited patiently as James appeared to have heard him reached him to speak “I was told like the others Matthew and Emma that you’re a reclusive billionaire leader of a group referred as Master Organization who sees you as a deity due to having unusual abilities no Human has. I like the others was also told that you like your privacy and that you have problems accepting how the outside world thinks of you when their saying lies about you.”
He exhaled a breath sensing that James’ words were the truth which the butler added “I admit that I and the others were hired for our jobs blind without any knowledge of your identity but our contracts state to keep things learned about you to ourselves. Is there anything else, Master Jinks?”
Jinks spoke recalling a memory of the last time he saw his mother “Uh I would like a record of all of my relatives such as their births, names, deaths and locations of their gravesites.”
He saw James frown which he added “Just feeling like doing some research on my family tree since I’m a bit out of touch from the outside world at the moment.” 
Jinks heard James speak “I’ll see about getting you what you requested.” 
He nodded his head as James disappeared from view which he figured that the Builder did a super speed jog anxious to do what he ordered. Jinks sighed and went to the TV room to sit on the couch leaving the doors ajar. He eyed the coffee table to find it looking like it wasn’t smashed in half from his fist and figured that the damaged one was replaced with a new one. He frowned as he heard a knocking sound on the doors followed by a throat clearing noise which he looked to see James standing in the doorway with the doors wider. 
Jinks frowned as James spoke “I was told that the information you requested is too scattered as in all over the place and will take awhile to gather it into one file for you to read.”
His senses blared telling him it was a lie as James added “Anything else Master Jinks?”
He stood up and recalled Victoria his daughter which he spoke “I want a record on a relative named Victoria who passed away ten years ago as in where she’s buried.” 
Jinks frowned as James formed a frown on his face before nodding his head and then faded from view. He sighed and sat down on the couch then got up feeling too tensed up to sit. He groaned and walked out of the TV room and went to the dining room to stare at the kitchen doors with a frown as they opened showing James walking out who didn’t seem surprised to see him there. 
Jinks stared at James who spoke “I was told that your relative Victoria was cremated with ashes scattered.” 
His senses again blared telling him that it was a lie groaned softly as James added “Anything else Master Jinks?”
He spoke “I like to go to the garden.” 
Jinks frowned as James formed disapproval on his face before the butler spoke “I recommend against going to there. There are news affiliates helicopters sighted hovering around the building. If they see you in the garden they won’t hesitate to drop in a news crew to pester you with questions along with speaking about lies said about you enough for you to blow up in anger in front of them.” 
Jinks groaned a soft sound as James added “Anything else Master Jinks?”
He shook his head no and walked out of the dining room which he went to the elevator figuring that he’ll take it to explore the building. He frowned seeing the doors were shut and remained shutting as he sensed the familiar filming sensation. He examined the walls besides the elevator doors to see on his right were nothing on the wall but on his left was a console that appeared to be for hand scanning from the looks of it. He heard a humming sound of electricity coming from the console reached a hand towards it and felt his hand stop inches away refusing to go any further which he figured that the electricity on the console was enough to hurt him. Jinks turned around and recalled his mother’s journal which he went to his bedroom shutting the doors behind him and went to the three drawer dresser next to the bed where the alarm clock was sitting on top of it. He bent down to open the bottom drawer where he recalled the journal was and froze seeing the drawer was empty which he stared with shock. Jinks exhaled a breath closed the drawer and opened the middle drawer above it to find folded cloth appearing to be blankets inside which he shut the drawer. He opened the top drawer to peer inside seeing folded clothing that appeared to be pajamas which he shut the drawer. He eyed a wall with shelves which he looked at closer inspection walking towards it to find the picture of himself and Tan Lee gone from it. Jinks frowned as a memory of the living room’s contents flashed in his mind. He recalled shelves in the wall empty of things and frowned recalling to himself that they once held pictures of his family along with an urn holding the ashes of a cat named Snowball along with a picture of the feline. 
Jinks exhaled a breath thinking to himself “I’m trapped here.”
He got a communication from Lance speaking “I want to talk to you face to face.” 
Jinks frowned and went to the chair leaning back shutting his eyes. He dreamed of facing Lance who patted his cheek repeatedly with a hand that made him confused. Jinks frowned as Lance waved a hand in front of his eyes before lowering the hand. 
He felt confusion take hold as Lance spoke “Jinks, from communicating with others I’m told that there’s a persisting rumor going around that you’re mentally insane.” 
He stiffened feeling himself upset as Lance placed hands on his forehead and chest keeping him calm. 
Lance continued speaking “I heard talk among the Meritanians making it seem like the rumor was started by the High Council as an attempt to discredit you.” 
He felt himself stiffening further as Ramses spoke his familiar question which he felt his eyes forced shut. 

Jinks woke up feeling himself sitting leaning against a padded wall which he jerked opened his eyes looking around discovering that he was in a padded all white room with a small window in the wall with an outline indicating a door on his right. He felt himself filmed eyed the ceiling to see fluorescent lights shining above along with camera domes in the corners. He looked down at himself to discover that he was wearing white sweat like pants over his underwear that felt like briefs to him along with a white tank top felt and hard cloth around his neck leading from there going to his arms that were folded around his upper body as if held in place. He pulled at the cloth he figured was a restraint only to feel a zapping charge of pain hitting him in the back that made him grunt out loud. Jinks breathed deeply through his mouth as the pain went through him which he breathed hard as the pain stopped. Jinks eyed the door outline to see it open followed by a Highlander with a glare on his face entered the room dressed in a suit with a doctor’s coat over his clothes. Jinks stared at the Highlander who walked up to him and paused from walking to fold his arms. 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander spoke “Who are you as in your name?”
He spoke “Jinks Montreal.” 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander shook his head and spoke out loud “Ugh still mentally insane.” 
He spoke “I’m not mentally insane.”
Jinks saw a look of disgust form on the Highlander’s face who spoke ignoring his statement “Hmm still using that identity.” 
He frowned as the Highlander walked away out of the room door shutting behind him. Jinks frowned further forming it on his lips feeling confused with the Highlander’s words. 
He mentally spoke “Father, what’s going on?”
He heard from Lance “Jinks, I’m busy at the moment talk to you later.”
He felt sleepiness hit him leaned back and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks woke up feeling a light shining in his eyes that made him blink them. He discovered himself lying on a bed with restraints around his wrists and ankles as the light stopped blaring in his eyes which he saw a flashlight removed itself. Jinks frowned as he saw the familiar Highlander who put away the flashlight and straightened up his form. 
He stared at the Highlander who spoke “Who are you as in your name?” 
Jinks willed the Master through and spoke in the Master’s voice “Jinks Montreal.” 
Jinks saw the Highlander narrow his eyes before speaking out loud “Interesting eye change and voice change ability. It answers some questions.” 
He frowned to will the Master away from him as the Highlander added “This must be put to further discussion.” 
He continued to frown as the Highlander walked out of his eyes sight and he heard a door opening and closing sound loudly. 
Jinks felt himself confused with the Highlander’s words mentally spoke “Father what’s going on?”
He heard an irritated voice from Lance speaking “Jinks, I’m still busy so don’t disturb me!”
He groaned softly to stare at the ceiling staring at the fluorescent lights above along with venting grates. He looked at the corners to spot camera domes and felt himself filmed which he raised his head and looked around the room seeing it was square and small with door off his right he figured the Highlander left through. He continued to stare around the room seeing the walls were all white and the door was brown colored. He frowned as smoke spilled from grates in the ceiling entering the room that made him feel sleepy which he yawned and shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Jinks woke up feeling a purring vibration on his chest which he jerked opened his eyes discovering himself back in the padded room wearing restraints on his arms. He sensed himself leaning back in a sitting position on the wall while feeling the floor padded. His eyes showed night vision which he looked down at his chest to see a cat that reminded him of Snowball sitting on its tummy on him. He stared at the cat whose form faded from view as lights above blared on illuminating the room as he heard foot treads heading towards him. He looked off his right to see the familiar Highlander was back escorted by female Human wearing medical scrubs that flashed golden eyes when he looked at her telling him that she was a Builder. He felt the cat get off his chest by the vibration stop followed by the cat getting off as if picked up. He eyed the Highlander who paused from walking to stand staring at him. 
The Highlander spoke “Who are you as in your name?”
He recalled a conversation with a servant about his name being legally Jinks Montreal when his birth certificate said some other name. 
Jinks spoke “I took the name of Jinks Montreal as my legal name.” 
He frowned seeing the Highlander’s eyes widen before narrowing as the male spoke “What’s your birth name?”
He got a communication from Lance saying “Robert Van De Leur Junior.” 
He frowned but repeated the name to see the female Builder not look surprised but there was an expression of annoyance on her face as she glared at the Highlander whose expression formed a glare. 
The female Builder spoke in an irritated tone “He’s not mentally insane like people have been saying. He’s fine as far as I’m concerned.” 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander spoke “That’s not the impression I got from people talking to me Mrs. Van De Leur.” 
He frowned hearing the Highlander refer her by the last name he was told by Lance to say.
He heard Mrs. Van De Leur speak still sounding irritated “My stepson being mentally incompetent is from being upset about people picking on him for taking the name of Jinks Montreal as his legal name along with that his father was recently killed in a car explosion with no trace of his body found.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Mrs. Van De Leur’s words as he heard a harrumph in a male tone coming from the Highlander followed by the male speaking “You want to explain this Human God status to me I keep hearing about involving your stepson?”
He heard Mrs. Van De Leur speak “That is from males in the family over the years taking on the name of Jinks Montreal as their legal name and not leaving records of them passing away while using that name which the records have listed their birth names instead of their legal name.” 
He exhaled a breath as the Highlander spoke “That explains some questions I’ve been wondering about. I suggest, Mrs. Van De Leur that you tell the news affiliates of the explanation you gave me regarding the name of Jinks Montreal and make sure that they’ll back off on picking on your stepson for taking that name.” 
He stared at Mrs. Van De Leur who spoke “Thank you for the suggestion but we already been doing that explanation to the news affiliates which they have been more interested in blaring this Human God status instead of the explanation. I heard the reason for that is their trying for sensationalism as in getting people interested in their news affiliates for money.” 
Jinks groaned softly as the Highlander spoke “I have to recommend, Mrs. Van De Leur that you seek a lawyer for seeing those news affiliates in court due to them appearing to not listen to you and picking on your stepson which there’s no law against that in my knowledge.” 
He frowned as Mrs. Van De Leur spoke “A lawyer from the McBroom and Associates contacted me for legal services just prior to my stepson being put in this asylum. I believe I’ll give him a call at the first opportunity. Now when can we get my stepson released?”
He heard a disgusted sound from the Highlander who spoke loudly “Guards, get the patient out of here for release now!”
Jinks frowned as two apparent male Humans arrived in the room wearing all white clothing and masks on the lower half of their faces that went to him lifting him up to a standing position and forced walked him pass the Highlander and Mrs. Van De Leur to the doorway. He didn’t protest as he was force walked out of the room to an all white hallway with multiple doors in both sides which he felt the floor as linoleum from his bare feet as he was escorted down the hallway while hearing footsteps behind him sounding like the Highlander and Mrs. Van De Leur were following. He kept his mouth shut as he was force walked in the hallway till reaching a dead end and forced to stop. 
He waited as the Highlander came into his eyes sight going to a console putting a hand on it and speaking loudly “Koichi Sokura, password.”
He frowned as the Highlander spoke words sounding like foreign language followed by seeing red lights flash from the ceiling as the wall appearing to be made out of metal slid open showing another hallway with Humans wearing army combat gear standing in front of doorways having guns in their holsters. He frowned as he was force walked into the hallway and sensed the Highlander and Mrs. Van De Leur following. Jinks kept his mouth shut as he was force walked through the hallway till they turned a corner and reached elevators which the Highlander came into view putting a hand on a console in the wall. He heard a ding sound as one of the elevators’ doors opened which he was force walked inside followed by the Highlander and Mrs. Van De Leur. 
He heard the Highlander speak “Visitors’ floor.” 
He felt the elevator go down humming loudly before stopping with a jerk and doors opening showing a hallway with again armed guards standing in front of doors as he was forced walked out and brought to a door which the guard standing in front of it opened it and brought inside. He saw it was a room with three changing clothes stalls on his left and multiple lockers on his right and halted from walking. Jinks exhaled a breath as he felt a stinging feeling on his back as something like a square metal was removed followed by the men taking off the cloth restraints off of him and walking out of sight. 
He turned around to see the Highlander who spoke “There are clothes and shoes for him in the lockers which is mandatory for patients being released to wear.” 
He heard Mrs. Van De Leur speak “No protest from me about that.” 
He watched as the Highlander left the room shutting the door behind him. He stared at Mrs. Van De Leur who went to a locker and hauled out folded clothing along with a bag that made him think it was a purse including shoes which she put in one of the changing stalls then went back to the locker to pull out folded clothing in blue along with white shoes which she thrust towards him clearing her throat. Jinks took the items from her and went into a changing stall swishing the curtain closed. He changed out of the mental asylum wear keeping the underwear on to clothes he discovered were drawstring sweatpants that felt loose on him who he adjusted the drawstring and a long sleeve sweatshirt that felt big on him which he rolled up the sleeves. Jinks then sat on the bench and examined the shoes seeing that they appeared to be slip on shoes that made him think they were slippers for outside despite the material. He slipped on the shoes and sighed to get up swishing back the curtain and stood waiting as he saw a changing stall curtain closed which he figured that Mrs. Van De Leur was in it changing away. He stood folding his arms with a frown on his face as the curtain swished showing Mrs. Van De Leur with her brown hair pulled back while wearing a dress in purple that reminded him of Peasant wear in the Master Organization and lady like shoes with heels on the bottoms. 
He frowned as she spoke “Robert, I have a hired car ready to take us where we need to go.” 
Jinks frowned hearing her refer him as Robert kept his mouth shut to unfold his arms and nod his head as she added “Come along now.” 
He wordlessly followed her out of the room to turn right and walked down the hallway passing doors till they reached elevators which she pressed a button in the wall. He heard a familiar ding noise as one of the elevators’ doors opened which he followed her inside. He watched as she pressed a button with the letter G on it and felt the elevator go down. He kept his mouth shut as the elevator went down followed by stopping with doors opening showing a covered parking lot garage which he followed her out walking passed various parked cars till they reached a car with a Highlander standing in front of its side while wearing a uniform with a hat on his head. Jinks frowned as the Highlander wordlessly opened the car door which he followed Mrs. Van De Leur inside and felt the door shut behind him. He sighed to hunt for his seat belt finding it and putting it on as he heard Mrs. Van De Leur do the same. 
He frowned as the Highlander got in the driver’s seat and started up the car with verbal commands then heard the male spoke “Destination?” 
Jinks heard Mrs. Van De Leur speak the location to his penthouse building along with requesting the driver to park on a side street which he recognized was where the garage door in the building was. He kept his mouth shut as the Highlander drove the car out of the garage into the street among traffic passed buildings he recognized as New York City. 
Sighing he heard Mrs. Van De Leur speak loudly “This is Bianca Van De Leur. I have Robert Van De Leur Junior with me. We’re on the way to the Castle and will need to gain entrance inside due to using a hired vehicle.”
He looked at Bianca he assumed as she paused to see she had a hand sized device held to her ear by her hand he figured was a cell phone. 
He heard Bianca speak “ETA is unknown due to traffic but will make contact once we arrive. The driver has been instructed to park in the street near the garage entrance. I’ll call once we’ve arrived for entrance.” 
He frowned as Bianca removed the device folding it in half and stuffed it in her purse which he watched as she wordlessly looked out the window and appeared to be engrossed with the scenery out the car. Jinks sighed softly as the car drove through the city and arrived to the side street parking near the garage entrance. He eyed Bianca who pulled out the cell phone and watched her press some buttons followed by putting the device up to her ear. 
He listened as she spoke “Bianca Van De Leur. We’ve arrived and are parked in the street.”
He frowned as she paused followed by speaking “Ok will do bye.” 
He watched as she pulled the cell phone away from her ear folding it in half before turning to face him. 
Bianca spoke “Robert, I’m told that you’re to get out of the car and go to the garage entrance and wait for it to open for you.” 
He nodded his head as she added “Don’t worry about things around here. Let my people handle them alright?” 
He felt her hand pat him on his hand which he nodded his head and unbuckled his seatbelt and got out of the car shutting the door behind him. He felt himself filmed ignored the sensation to quickly jog across the street with no traffic to fight and reached the garage doors which slid up in a quick move. He waited as the doors opened enough for him to jog inside which he did seeing guards in the garage room who directed him to the elevator which he went to and once inside took it to the penthouse. 
He came out of the elevator to meet James who the butler spoke “Good to see you Master Jinks.” 
Jinks shrugged and bobbed his head as James added “You’ll find everything in order in your bedroom along with that there’s food ready for you to eat in the dining room once you arrive there.” 
He spoke “Thanks James.” 
He heard James speak “Oh one more thing, once you change your clothes hand me the clothes you’re wearing and I’ll see about getting them deposed for you.” 
He nodded his head and walked away which he went to his bedroom and shut the doors behind him. He eyed the clock seeing it say the time of noon lunch hour and sighed loudly. He went into the bathroom stripping himself of the asylum clothes and eyed the shower figuring he’ll shower due to the griminess he felt on his form. 

Jinks sighed and leaned against the counter to stare at himself in the mirror seeing his appearance looked like a Human male of twenty five years old with long black hair that fell just below his shoulders and blue eyes that seem to have some oldness look in them to him. He sighed again and picked up the asylum clothes folding them then picked up the asylum shoes which he carried along with the clothes out of the bathroom to the bedroom doors. He opened one door with a hand and walked out to meet James standing in the hallway which he wordlessly handed the items and saw the butler fade from view. He walked to the dining room taking his time and once inside sat down in his familiar spot hands clasped on the table in front of him eyes on the kitchen doors. He waited as Emma arrived carrying a tray with dishware on it and smells of food coming from it that made his stomach rumble feeling himself terribly hungry. He watched as Emma placed the tray in front of him as he removed his hands and turned his attention to the food finding it two grilled cheese sandwiches with a mound of French fries and two cups filled with pink liquid he figured was his familiar strawberry milkshake. Jinks attacked the food with gusto finding his stomach’s rumbling not kidding on being hungry from himself gobbling up the food leaving nothing left and gulping down the entire contents of the drinks finding them both strawberry milkshakes. Jinks exhaled a breath once done to push the tray back and got up from the table walking out. He went to the TV room to sit and felt sleepiness leaned back and shut his eyes. 
Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who spoke “Jinks, your going to have to drop the fact that you fathered Robert along with anything to do with family members in the past such as Victoria and Katherine.” 
He groaned hearing that as Lance added “Jinks, I mean it with what I said due to that your appearance age is why you were put in the asylum in the first place.”
Jinks again groaned loudly recalling Lance wasn’t kidding about his appearance age from seeing it in the mirror. 
He stared at Lance who kept talking “I went through a lot of trouble getting descendants of you to declare you Robert Van De Leur Junior along with them making documents to prove that you born with that name over twenty years ago with your son as your father. I even had to convince them to use the excuse of males in the family taking the name of Jinks Montreal and passing away without giving any records of that just to explain to the press about there being no death record found with that name.” 
He groaned again loudly as Lance paused from talking and heard a cough sound coming from the Meritanians which he looked at them to see they were looking sheepish. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “One more thing Jinks, you should know.” 
He looked at Lance who continued talking “The Meritanians have recently informed me courtesy of the High Council’s order that the High Council insisted you being deathless with usual non Human abilities be kept a secret from the public. The Meritanians indicate with hints I got the message that the High Council is afraid of people’s cult like reactions of seeing you as a Human God with enough influence to take away their power hold over people hence their order.”
Jinks groaned softly as Lance paused to place a hand on his shoulder. “I through the Meritanians managed to convince the High Council of what I’ve been doing as in having you declared Robert Van De Leur Junior as a good thing. They responded that they’ll work on getting others to believe in that view along with making document records of males holding the name Jinks Montreal as their legal name come to fruition.”
Jinks heard Ramses’ familiar question felt his eyes forced shut woke up to hear knocking sounds on the closed doors which he looked at them to see James come into the room clearing his throat. 
Jinks frowned as James spoke with disgust in his voice tone “You have a visitor waiting in the library.” 
He spoke “Let me guess its Barry.” 
He got a sound of disgust from the butler along with a disgusted expression on James’ face who nodded his head. Jinks exhaled a breath got up from the couch and left the TV room which he went to the library room opening the doors to see Barry inside sitting in a chair. He shut the doors behind him and folded his arms staring at Barry he noticed was still wearing his familiar devices around his neck and wrists. 
Barry spoke “You being put in the asylum were a stunt pulled by the High Council who admitted that to me and told me to tell you that.” 
He felt himself annoyed as Barry kept talking “The High Council think you have too much influence over people especially Humans hence they pulling this joke on you just to discredit you. I aware through them that Lance had to convince people to see you as someone else thanks to that stunt the High Council pulled just to get you out of the asylum. Unfortunately this stunt backfired on the High Council for it garnered more attention aimed at you such as the national news affiliates got a hold of it and is currently having a field day at the moment.”
Jinks frowned as Barry paused to clear his throat then continued to speak “Actually before this mental asylum thing was pulled the news of you being a Human God was limited to the city and local news affiliates. Now thanks to the stunt the Human God status is all over the place nationally and the press is having a field day with it.” 
Jinks groaned loudly as Barry kept talking “The High Council had me transported to you tell you about being responsible for the mental asylum stunt but they didn’t say whether I could tell you anything else which is what I’m telling you.”
He again groaned loudly as Barry added “Chances are the government might get involved with the news of you being a Human God and do something about that. I’m not sure what the government has in mind due to that the King is a member of the Master Organization. I suspect they might under the King’s influence pass some law that’s beneficial for you but uncertain how good it’ll be for your life.” 
He exhaled a breath as Barry got up and disappeared in a flash of light. He went to a chair in the room and sat leaning back eyes staring at the closed doors mentally relaying Barry’s words in his mind. 
He thought to himself “Father what do you have in mind what Barry told me?”
Jinks felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who appeared to be smirking which made him think his father was up to something. 
He stared at Lance who spoke “Pity to the High Council that whatever joke they pull on you keeps backfiring on them.” 
Jinks heard the edge in Lance’s voice tone that suggested to him that his father wasn’t saying everything fully. 
He frowned as Lance turned his head towards the Meritanians while speaking “Wouldn’t you agree with what I said, you three?” 
Jinks turned his head to look at the Meritanians which the three plants groaned loudly nodding their heads. 
Jinks frowned as Ramses bowed his head and spoke “High Council, there’s a problem detected involving the attempt to discredit Horus to his people. The Humans’ national news affiliates got a hold of his home city’s local news blaring Horus as a Human God and is now having a big fuss about it. This Human God status is now all over the Humans’ mainland blaring through all kinds of communications. I wouldn’t be surprised if the islands get a hold of the news due to how blabby the news affiliates are being about this Human God status.”
He frowned as Ramses paused followed by the Meritanians’ sisters bowing their heads and hearing all three plants giving off hmm sounds. He watched as Erra and Terra raised their heads with expressions of shock on their faces while hearing them with their brother groan loudly. 
Ramses he eyed still had his head bowed spoke “Ugh the Shadonia have been aware of Horus since a leader of theirs met him but knew him as Osiris back then. For some unexplained reason we’re trying to find out that they now know him as Horus and have been seeing him as a deity which has been for awhile. This deity business I warn you among the Shadonia has been taken quite seriously that it passed down from parent to offspring. We’re trying to find out how serious they are with this deity business due to that the Shadonia we mind scan seem to be aware of their minds scanned and have already known that Highlanders are mind walkers. Their also aware of us due to someone we’re not sure who blabbing to them about us and the Shadonia when we scan them seem to know we’re doing it when Highlanders aren’t in sight.”
Jinks frown as Ramses paused which he heard snickering sounds coming from Lance and turned to look at his father that still had a smirk on his face. 
He spoke “Alright father what did you do this time?”
Jinks stared at Lance who looked at him while speaking “Just nothing to concern you.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust and looked away towards Ramses to spot the Meritanian’s sisters appeared to be glaring at Lance with their arms folded. 
He frowned as Erra spoke “I don’t find this funny, Lance, and stop laughing.” 
He heard Lance speak with an edge in his voice tone “Sorry just amused that whatever joke the High Council pull on my son keeps backfiring on them.” 
Jinks frowned as he figured that Lance was up to something hence his laughing and sounding it in his voice. 
He stared at Ramses who spoke “Actually just to answer your question we can detect when Lance is communicating to people but not like the way he communicates to Ajax asleep. Also we can’t hear a thing he says to people when he’s communicating with them when he’s doing it while their awake. We can hear everything he says to people when he’s communicating to them asleep. Why are you asking me that?”
Jinks again heard Lance give off a snickering sound spoke out loud “Father don’t tell me you had something to do with the High Council’s jokes on me backfiring on them.” 
Jinks turned to look at Lance, glaring at his father who looked at him smirking.  
Jinks spoke “You had something to do with the Human God status being blared nationally along with the Shadonia seeing me deity like and knowing about the Meritanians?” 
Jinks glared at Lance who spoke “Oops one little detail I forgot to mention to you, Jinks.”
Jinks folded his arms as Lance continued “Awhile back after the Shadonia’s High Lord met you I contacted him and said that you were my son and not Osiris like he thought. That’s all I did with the Shadonia.” 
He heard harrumph sounds coming from the Meritanians as Ramses’ voice spoke “Yeah right, Lance. You did a lot more than contacting the Shadonia’s High Lord after meeting Horus when he was known as Osiris.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Ramses’ words as Lance spoke “Well Meritanians next time warn the High Lord not to touch my necklace that Jinks found and worn in the Shadonian leader’s presence. Touching that thing gave the High Lord the ability to communicate with me which I’ve been doing it while he was alive. Also how well do you know of the race called Wiser, Meritanians?”
He frowned to look at the Meritanians who had looks of shock on their faces which Ramses spoke “Don’t tell me you had busybodies doing your dirty work among the Shadonia, Lance.”
He heard snickering sounds from Lance which he stiffened hearing as his father spoke “Actually I’m aware that those busybodies you name the Wisers don’t like the High Council. The Wisers from what I observed of them will do anything to make the High Council look bad to people. They’ve have been talking to the Shadonia things I eavesdropped such as mentioning the location of where the High Council’s home base is on Shadan including them being Highlanders. Also the Wisers did mention you three to the Shadonia and informed them of you being mind walkers and the ability to detect their minds scanned.”
He frowned seeing the Meritanians look disgusted as Lance gave up a snickering sound which he looked at his father who kept talking “The Wisers in question have also blabbed to the Shadonia about Highlanders having the mental ability to control males something the High Lord at the time when I contact him was aware of and passed down to his descendants at my insisting. The females backed up the Wisers’ talk about the mind controlling on the males due to them being very observant towards Highlanders hanging around males and seeing the males do behavior that was out of character for them.”
He focused his attention towards Lance who added “By the way Meritanians, Wisers from my observations are very fond of Humans especially towards a certain Human who is my son. It was them who arranged my son to meet that High Lord.”
Jinks stiffened feeling himself shocked hearing Lance’s words as his father continued talking “The Wisers have due to their fondness towards my son have kept an eye on him over the years since they became aware of him. Their responsible for getting the Shadonia see my son deity like.” 
He heard gasps from the Meritanians as Lance kept talking “The Wisers are responsible for making any bad thing the High Council do on the Shadonia backfire on them something I learned from the Wisers enough to make any stunt the High Council do on my son backfire on them.”
He gasped while hearing gasps sounds from the Meritanians as Lance he stared at appeared to have mirth on his face while giving off sounds of laughter. 
Jinks heard Ramses speak “Oh it figures some questionable things we sensed which have now been figured out.” 
Jinks turned his attention towards Ramses seeing the Meritanian have his head bowed as his sisters appeared to look disgusted with arms folded.
He eyed Ramses who again spoke “Ugh remember what we said about the Shadonia? Well Lance just admitted that busybodies have been blabbing all sorts of things to the Shadonia involving you. That’s due to those busybodies don’t like you and will do anything to make you look bad hence they blabbing all over the place to the Shadonia. Also busybodies according to Lance have been making sure any stunts you do to the Shadonia don’t come to fruition.”
Jinks frowned as Ramses kept talking “Lance also admitted that busybodies are very fond of Humans including Horus himself enough to keep tabs on him. Those busybodies are responsible for getting the Shadonia to see Horus deity like something we detected.”
He formed a frown on his lips as he heard Lance give off laughter sounds before cutting off followed by growling noises which he looked at his father having an all black eyed glare aimed at the Meritanians which he felt his eyes forced shut. Jinks came to lurching up in the chair jerking open his eyes while feeling a hand shaking his arm which he saw belonged to James looking annoyed. 
Jinks looked at James questioningly as the butler spoke “Sorry to disturb you from your sleep but you have visitors in the lobby and they can’t come up due to privacy reasons.”
He recalled the meetings with the federal agents spoke with disgust in his voice “Let me guess FBI coming to question me?”
James spoke “I wasn’t told who they were, just told that there were visitors in the lobby requesting you and that they can’t come up.”
He gave up another sound of disgust got up from the chair and walked out of the library sensing James not following him which he went to the elevator finding the doors open and he walked inside. He pressed the button leading to the lobby as labeled next to it and felt the elevator go down with a humming sound. 
Jinks folded his arms groaning loudly and thought to himself “What the depths do the FBI want with me to keep repeatedly visit to ask all sorts of questions about my personal life?”
Jinks heard nothing from Lance sensed that his father was busy at the moment angry at the Meritanians for not saying anything about when it was time for him to wake up from the meeting before James entered the room that was found shaking his arm. He felt the elevator stop with a thud followed by doors opening which he walked out arms still folded and felt himself annoyed seeing the familiar four men standing in the lobby room among the guards. He walked up to the men and got the familiar badge on wallet showing followed by one of them indentifying themselves as FBI and requesting answers to questions they wanted to ask him while again sensing himself filmed by one of them holding up a device pointed in his direction. 
Jinks refrained annoyance from taking hold as the federal agent spoke “What do you know of the news affiliates saying about you?”
He spoke “Their saying that I’m some sort of Human God and that’s all I know.” 
He felt annoyance take control as the federal agent spoke “You care to explain how you found out about this?”
Jinks spoke answering the question struggling to keep his voice tone calm and normal “Someone showed me a tabloid newspaper blaring that on its cover which I read an article about it inside.”
He stared at the federal agent while hearing a throat clearing noise from the male’s companion unsure which one made the noise as the man spoke “What’s the name of the tabloid that you were given?”
Jinks recited the tabloid’s name from memory and added speaking “The tabloid’s editorial talked about it being a special issue focused on one subject, me, by mentioning my name and Human God status.” 
The federal agent spoke “What else did you read from that tabloid?”
He spoke “I only read one article mentioning the Human God status and that was it.” 
He kept his arms folded as the federal agent spoke “You care to say how you reacted to the tabloid’s contents?”
Jinks spoke recalling the tabloid’s article “I reacted with anger due to that the tabloid’s article I read made it seem like this Human God status was a new sensational fad worth pursuing from getting the impression of its wording.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as he again heard a throat clearing noise narrowed his eyes to glare at the federal agent who spoke “Thank you for your time. We’ll be back for further questions.”
Jinks watched the federal agents leave the lobby going outside which he peered through the glass doors to see armed in military combat uniforms and weapons guards about four of them outside standing in front of the doors that allowed the agents to pass them then resumed standing in a row blocking his view of outside. He exhaled a breath and heard a throat clearing noise sounding off his left which he looked to see one of his guards a Highlander standing next to him with an annoyed look on the male’s face that pointed to the elevators’ wall with a finger jabbing it in the direction. Jinks sighed and went to the elevator again pointed out which to take by another guard and he went inside pressing the button to the penthouse floor. He felt the elevator go up with a humming sound making noises he ignored while staring at the floor with head bowed. He sensed the elevator stop followed by the doors opening which he looked up to see the penthouse’s living room in his line of sight with James walking inside the elevator. 
He frowned looking at James questioning who spoke “There’s a meeting of Table members happening now. One of them I told is causing trouble due to getting drunk and too strong for the others to knock out just to get this member to sleep the drunkenness off.” 
He gave a sound of disgust as James pressed a numbered button and he felt the elevator go up followed by stopping to show a hallway with double doors on both sides. He followed James out who walked through the hallway and turned to the left after reaching the end part of an end showing another hallway which he frowned seeing people males and females standing in the hallway dressed in office wear business clothes which he counted about eight of them standing in front of a set of closed double doors with two guards wearing Master Organization army clothes facing the doors with their guns pointed at it in their hands. He reached the group to hear pounding on the doors and a male voice faintly coming from it in a voice tone that sounded slurred. Jinks willed the Master through as the guards seeing him nodded their heads as he stood in front of the doors with them besides him. He watched as one guard leaned forwards to put a hand on square hand sized box beeping a red light on the door crack yanking it off then backed away. He watched as the doors slammed open showing a male Human dressed in a business suit stumbling out weave walking while speaking profanities in a slurred tone that told him the man was very drunk which he waved a hand and mentally ordered the male to sleep. Jinks sensed his order obeyed as the male rolled his eyes and fainted face forwards falling towards the floor to lie on it with form still, still breathing. 
Jinks recalled a previous conversation talking about Table members being alcoholics spoke “Whose idea was it to have him drank himself drunk?”
He turned to glare at the Table members while folding his arms seeing them all bow their heads to stare at the floor with expressions he caught on their faces made it seem like they were guilty of getting the male drunk. 
Jinks felt himself getting angry spoke in an angry tone “Next time limit the amount of what he drinks and do the same to yourself. I don’t find it amusing having to waste my time handling anyone of you being drunk due to that you and the guards can’t do the job. Don’t do this stunt again period or I won’t be that lenient towards you causing this joke.”
He saw the Table members look up with sheepish expressions on their faces turning to grimaces as he glared at each of them with a furious look on his face. Jinks unfolded his arms and walked away down the hallway towards James who turned around and led the way to the elevator. Once inside the elevator he willed the Master away from him and allowed himself to breathe deeply through his nose willing the angry feeling within him to go away as the elevator went down. He felt his anger still within him as the elevator reached the penthouse floor which he walked out followed by James and figured to himself to hit the gym room to do karate just to blow off some of the angry feeling within him. Jinks stormed to the gym room and swung open the doors slamming them open and darted inside to attack the punching bag hung in a corner with karate moves repeatedly doing them over and over while feeling himself calming down from the angry feeling running through him. He felt himself calm but tensed up halted his attacking on the punching bag to go to the middle of the room to sit down doing stretching exercises taking his time and feeling himself relaxing from the movements with some tension felt. He exhaled a breath once finished to kneel to mediate finding himself thinking of the situation with the Table members being alcoholics and recalled to himself over the years starting after awhile of he living in the penthouse repeatedly telling off Table members to quit drinking and having to interfere whenever a member was drunkenly too strong to be knocked out by the other members and the guards as in putting the drunk member asleep by using the Master within him. He exhaled a breath through his mouth recalling himself sometimes lenient towards the Table members after knocking out the drunken member. He exhaled another breath through his mouth as he recalled the punishments punishing the Table members by causing paralysis to hit each of them which they would hit the floor and he would leave them lying there sometimes for the rest of the day and night till in the morning he would return to remove the paralysis. He recalled another punishment towards the Table members besides the paralysis was mentally choking them unconscious then removing the paralysis and the choking order then ordering the guards to have each member brought to their vehicles and removed from the building. Jinks breathed deeply through his nose recalling that the punished Table members would continue to do their drinking and having him to repeatedly handle them drunk along with punishing them repeatedly due to them apparently not getting his message. 
He sighed thinking to himself “What will get the Table members to quit getting drunk when in meetings here and leaving me to knock they out unconscious due to them along with the guards not able to do the job?”
He heard nothing from Lance groaned a soft sound as he heard a door knocking sound loudly behind him followed by a throat clearing noise which he figured was James the butler. 
He spoke still kneeling with eyes closed “Yes?”
He heard James’ voice speaking sounding behind him “Its dinnertime and time for your required nourishment meal.” 
Jinks sighed opened his eyes to get up and turned around to glimpse the clock on the wall near the open doors to see James was correct with his words seeing the time was what he said dinnertime. He walked out of the gym room hearing James shut the doors from behind and sensed the butler following him which he went to the dining room to his familiar spot at the table and sat down seeing nothing on top of it in his spot. He eyed the kitchen doors to see James go into the kitchen which he waited patiently as Emma came out carrying a tray full of dishware smelling of food which confused him as his stomach rumbled making him feel like he was hungry. He frowned as she placed the tray down in front of him and straightened up her form staring at him with a look expecting him to eat the food and drink the cup’s contents. He eyed the food seeing it was something else than his lunchtime meal ate it with gusto finding himself hungry for it which he ate everything on the dish wares of a plate and bowl with silverware then gulped down the drink figuring it was apple juice from the taste of it. 
He sighed as he finished and pushed the tray away and spoke as Emma bent down to take the tray “I’m surprised that I didn’t get my normal drink this time. What’s up with that?”
He stared at Emma who straightened up her form which she spoke “Just following your personal physician’s orders. I heard a rumor said that you weren’t fed anything while you were locked up in some mental asylum for five days. It’s terrible that they didn’t give you any nourishment harrumph.”
Jinks frowned hearing Emma’s words which she stood staring at him while holding the tray and he spoke “Dismissed, Emma.” 
He watched her leave the room entering the kitchen with the doors swinging behind her. Jinks sighed and got up from chair figuring that he’ll hit the library to sit and finish his book feeling like he did enough karate for the day. He left the dining room and went to the library entering inside to shut the doors behind him and sensed a light flash which he spun around to see Barry standing in the room. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke “Excuse me while I sit."
Jinks watched as Barry went to a chair and sat down leaning back before the Builder spoke “Alright the High Council had supporters complain to a mental asylum that you were mentally insane. Those supporters specified that you were living as Jinks Montreal as some billionaire that passed away too many years ago and that you trying to live his life obsessed with this male.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Barry’s words who kept talking “Well the supporters used your conversation with the FBI talking about Katherine who passed away years ago as reason for your insanity due to that your age appearance questioned that claim. The supporters managed to get the mental asylum to order for you committed. So while you were having nap, guards with orders to bring you to the garage room unconscious arrived and put an oxygen mask on you to keep you asleep. You were carried by stretcher to the garage room to an ambulance sitting outside due to it too tall to go in the garage by entrance. The ambulance took you to a hospital connected with the mental asylum where tests were done on you. They discovered your body on the outside is completely human but internally there were Human organs along with some foreign organs detected belonging to the Highlander species and another species which you know who they are.” 
He nodded his head as a memory of meeting Alexei’s twin brother Leader a Zeskaya flashed in his mind as Barry kept talking “They did a blood test on you and the test results came back indicated three species which I already said who they are. After that they put clothes on your form and the arm restraints then put you in a padded room leaving you to wake yourself up. The Highlander doctor who you met worked for the High Council was divided on his loyalty towards them and towards you. You were knocked out by the Meritanians after the doctor’s visit that put you restrained in bed due to that he couldn’t wake you up due to the plants keeping you asleep. The doctor wound up discussing your eye and voice change ability with a Human doctor who worked for the Master Organization asking for an explanation for the abilities you displayed. The Human doctor explained truthfully that the abilities marked you as a vessel of a deity lord named Lance Richard. The Highlander doctor in question had you knocked out and again put in the padded room restrained.”
Jinks frowned forming it on his lip as Barry kept talking “As for Master Lance Richard, I suspect he manipulated your descendants to flaunt to the news affiliates in their home locations the New York City’s news of you being a Human God which the press at those places had a field day about it. The other news affiliates in different locations nearby those press having a field day picked up the news and started having a fuss about it hence its now national news.”
Jinks exhaled a breath frown still on his lips as Barry paused to clear his throat then continued speaking “He manipulated Bianca Van De Leur, your son Robert’s wife to visit the mental asylum as an attempt to get you out with the claim of you being her stepson and with his help managed to get you out freed.”
He nodded his head as Barry continued talking “That’s not the only manipulating he has done towards people and yourself. He manipulated the Wisers aware of it but doing it willingly when he had a body to help him with assisting the Shadonia during their problems. The Wisers stopped helping him when they made it clear that the Shadonia didn’t need his help which caused him manipulated by the Meritanians repeatedly to visit Human alcoholic places and drink himself drunk only to get kicked out of villages once sober and out casted by people refusing to have nothing to do with him. Lance Richard according to records wound up meeting a human female answering to the name of Jacinda which he had a sexual relationship with her and she wound up carrying only to lose the baby dubbed Dalton to the Ghost Walkers. Lance Richard wound up keeping his relationship with Jacinda but only by friendly terms with no sexual contact between them even till she passed away.”
Jinks nodded his head as Barry kept on talking “I should remind you that the High Council acquired Dalton through the Meritanians transporting him after hearing about him and that he was a mind walker a specialized one and he was transported after the Ghost Walkers all of them passed away due to not having any females to pass on their race. Dalton at the moment is in suspended animation sleep while parts of him have been taken and implanted in Highlander females hoping to breed a mind walker with abilities that is considered stronger that Highlander but the results have turned out to be offspring that is fully like Dalton. Once the offspring have reached the age of five years they have been put in life tubes asleep just to keep them alive while they grow to adulthood due to being aware that their linked by mind through a male mind walker which Dalton is capable of being that mind walker.”
Jinks frowned as Barry paused before continuing talking “I heard something interesting among the government during a discussion of this Human God status they heard from news affiliates blare it. The discussion is focused on whether to have you declared a royal and have a title possibly Emperor given to you and have people refer you as royalty.”
He exhaled a breath hearing Barry’s words as the Builder kept talking “The royal title thing was thought up by a senator who heard some offhanded comment said by the King referring you as royalty during a press conference when he was trying to avoid answering a question of being asked about worshiping you as a deity due to being a member of the Master Organization with members are said to worship you.”
Jinks frowned as Barry added “It’s all I know.” 
He watched as Barry got up and disappeared in a flash of light. He frowned and figured to go to his bedroom for privacy to think to himself. He went to his bedroom leaving the library and shut the doors to the bedroom closed behind him and went to sit in a chair. He felt a compulsion to kneel hit him arrive which he kneeled and stiffened with shock as a Banshee walked into his eyes sight to stand in front of him putting clawed hands on his cheeks. He jerked his head up shutting his eyes while arching his back as he saw in his mind was a hallway with open doorways on both ends and his view stopped at a closed door with words appearing to be foreign language he couldn’t read. He felt compelled to open the door which he obeyed to the feeling sliding it open. He saw the familiar door dubbed Darkness appear with the hallway gone and saw the door burst into pieces as he felt the Darkness take control of him but the itchiness in his back wasn’t there. He jerked opened his eyes to discover the Banshee was gone while having back straight and head bowed which he stood up and blinked his eyes to discover himself in the High Council’s throne room restrained by Hawk guards. 
He heard Shad speak “Knock him out now.” 
He stiffened as Anubis began whacking him on the head with his staff making him woozy which he felt sleepiness surrendered to the feeling and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks woke up finding himself lying on a bed wearing just his underwear shorts while restrained partly with hands to a bar by an easy torn away rope he sensed as he heard a door opening sound. He looked to see Elina come into the room dressed in a short white dress with short sleeves that went to him straddling him and kissed him on the lips. He again heard the familiar words spoken as before when he kissed her which she broke off the kiss then began yanking at his underwear which he willed the Master through thinking that she was going to mate with him. He glared at Elina who stopped her yanking to stare at him in the face with a horror look before darting off of him heading towards the closed door banging on it while yelling to be let out. Jinks felt an urge to kill hit him easily broke the rope off of his hands and got up from the bed which he walked towards Elina still banging on the door appearing to not notice him. He grabbed her head and heard her gasp which he gave it a snapping twist jerking motion while hearing a crack sound and felt her become limp in his arms sensing that she had died from that. Jinks dropped Elina’s body feeling the urge left him and sensed no filming devices in the room or anything recording the scene which he blinked his eyes to find himself in the penthouse bedroom and the alarm clock he saw say it was still day but in the early afternoon which he willed the Master away from him to go into the closet to put on fresh clothes and walked out of the bedroom to meet James in the hallway. 
He frowned as James spoke “There’s visitors in the lobby and that they can’t come up due to privacy reasons.”
Jinks figured to himself that they were the FBI took the elevator to the lobby and found his hunch wrong when he saw two cops in the room who proceeded to arrest him which he found himself confused about the arresting. He frowned as they hauled him through the lobby taking a stairwell route to the garage room and out of the room where he saw a parked car in the street have a yellow police tape surrounding it and felt confused on what happened. He saw the sunlight was slowly dimming by the looks of it fading as he was escorted into a cruiser and put inside. 
He frowned as a cop sitting shotgun twisted his form and spoke “A female identified as Elina Soto was found dead on top of a car with neck broken by an anonymous caller reporting it.”
Jinks frowned figuring to himself that the High Council pulled another stunt on him again as the cop continued talking “Witnesses saw Elina go inside the building and witnesses saw you act like you wanted her sexually and that there’s a recorder showing one of the guards coming out of the building through garage entrance carrying Elina and dumped her on top of the car and walked back inside. Elina’s body is being examined for further evidence to figure out who actually did the murder which fingers are pointing at you.”
He figured to himself that the High Council set him up as the cop twisted his form around which he saw another cop get into the car in the driver’s seat starting it up and driving it through the city. He frowned as the cruiser arrived at a precinct building and waited as both cops got out of the car and let him out hauling him inside the building as darkness arrived putting him into nothingness. Jinks shook his head of the nothingness and darkness status within him to found himself escorted through the building and placed in a cell and freed of the handcuffs which he paced feeling his annoyance take control that made him feel furious. He knelt to calm down using mediation and found it worked got up to sit on the bench eying the door as the lights go out abruptly. He frowned as night vision flashed in his eyes sight as he saw the cell door open and blinked from the glare of a flashlight shining on him. 
He heard a male voice speaking “Alright get up now.” 
Jinks didn’t comment obeyed walking towards the door to stand as he felt himself handcuffed by the cop and escorted out into the hallway which he saw standing at the end with night vision was the four horsemen, four males appearing to look Human with long hair and intense creepy black eyes, which one flicks out a sword and figured that the High Council set the four onto him. He saw one at the end hold up a hand aimed at his brothers and then the men disappear in a flash of light. 
He frowned as the cop spoke sounding confused “What the depths was that light show?”
He kept his mouth shut hearing the nervousness in the cop’s voice despite sounding confused which he was escorted to the lobby and forced to sit down in a chair. Jinks frowned as he heard the cops all around him gathered with shining flashlights appearing to sound like an argument arguing on who’s going down to the basement to examine the breakers and see if the outage was related to that due to that the other buildings outside are lighted up. He stiffened as he felt a hand feeling Human like touch his cheek which he didn’t see the hand’s owner as he felt hands invisible to him touch his body sparing his sensitive part all over as if their taking their turns. 
He thought to himself “What is the Charon doing touching me like that?”
He got a communication from Lance saying “Their not Charon.” 
Jinks felt confused mentally spoke “Who are they anyway?”
He got no answer from Lance as the hands stopped their touching followed by the lights above turning on and heard nervous laughter sounds coming from the cops who leave the lobby going elsewhere which some are remaining in the room working. 
Jinks mentally thought to himself “What got the cops afraid of the basement?”
He got a reply from Lance speaking “The precinct is the same one Margo died in and that the cops have figured out that some ghostly being not Builder killed her. They think the ghost’s home is in the basement of the building due to the lights making mysterious on and off movements in the basement and flashlights being drained of power along with that the area gives the cops a bad feeling of being in there that makes them scared enough to not go in there.”
Jinks frowned but mentally spoke “What’s the High Council doing pulling this stunt of me killing Elina and sickening cops onto me?”
He frowned as he got nothing from Lance mentally added yelling “I want to know!”
He heard “I’m busy at the moment and can’t talk now but can talk later.” 
Jinks frowned as he sat feeling himself ignored by the cops till a voice loudly spoke “Excuse me!”
Jinks looked at the voice to see a male Highlander dressed in a suit looking annoyed standing in front of the lobby desk which the cops he noticed looked in the his direction. 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander spoke “What do you plan to do with my client Jinks Montreal for I heard nothing about being charged for murder just arrested for accessory to murder due to that the murderer was fingered as one of his guards.” 
He frowned as one of the cops went up the Highlander and spoke “The guard was killing the victim of Mister Montreal’s orders who found displeasure with her who rejected his interests in mating with her and ordered her killed which a guard did it.” 
Jinks felt himself annoyed hearing that as the Highlander spoke “Prove that theory besides words.”
He figured to himself that it was why he was arrested and frowned as there was a loud phone ringing noise sounding loudly.
Jinks heard the cop yell “Someone answer that thing now! I’m busy talking to the criminal’s lawyer!” 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander he figured was a lawyer who spoke “Your words are hearsay as in theory and not fact and those words should be proven period. Also that Mister Montreal had nothing to do with that female’s murder.” 
Jinks frowned as the cop and the lawyer got into an argument talking about himself having to do with Elina’s murder, the Highlander insisting he had nothing to do with it while the cop kept insisting he had something to do with it. Jinks felt himself annoyed as he heard a loud howling sound that shut up the Highlander and cop which he looked at his left to see a cop holding a phone looking annoyed. 
He frowned as the cop spoke “The morgue just called to say that the victim dubbed Elina Soto was identified as a prostitute murderer nicknamed Black Widow who has been going around killing Human men by sickening them with poison in her by mating and that there are outstanding warrants for her arrest in several cities in the state including Connecticut. Along with there’s a huge bounty on her by some rich socialite who’s husband was one of the victims killed that wants her dead period.” 
He frowned as the Highlander spoke as the cop pause sounding sarcastic “What murder is being charged towards my client when there isn’t one?”
He heard loud groaning noises sounding in the room and figured to himself that he got off free from the murder charge as he found himself forced up and freed from the handcuffs and then told by a cop to get out and don’t show his face in hear again. Jinks didn’t comment walked out of the precinct followed by the Highlander to meet under the city lights a glare of news affiliates flashing cameras aimed at him along with microphones aimed at him while feeling himself filmed. He heard various news reporters asking him for comments on killing off a reputed murderer named Black Widow which he kept his mouth shut as the Highlander grabbed his arm and pulled him through the throng to a parked limo which he was gestured to go inside which he obeyed as the Highlander let go of his arm. Once inside he found Barry sitting in a seat that confused him as the door shut behind him. 
He sensed the limo drive as Barry spoke “The High Council forgot that Elina Soto was actually an assassin killing of men through mating by giving them poison from her system. I’m unsure if she was actually working for the High Council or by herself alone.”
He frowned as Barry kept talking “Mind walkers in the past have taken advantage of you being part Highlander by compel order you to kill people by mentally giving the order hence you having an urge to do it and doing the killing.”
Jinks stiffened hearing that as Barry kept talking “I suspect that Elina detected the compel order within you hence she having a freaked out reaction when alone with you and you killing her off which her body was transported by the Meritanians to the garage room in front of a Highlander guard divided on loyalties towards the High Council and to you. The guard in question deposed the body outside and then made an anonymous phone call to the police who found her lying on a car dead.” 
He groaned loudly as Barry paused then continued to speak “Mind walkers can still compel order you to kill but they’ll get resistance to the order due to that you can refrain yourself from acting it out.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as Barry added with an edge in his voice tone “You’re now immune to Builder’s voice orders.” 
He frowned as an image of a Banshee flashed in his mind which he figured that Barry was aware of what the Banshee did to his mind as in making the Darkness in control permanently. He frowned as Barry disappeared in a flash of light which he looked out the window at the lighted up city as the car reached the Castle building and went into the garage room which he got out and met James standing nearby. 
Jinks frowned as James spoke “Greetings Master Jinks and I’m happy to see you.” 
He heard an edge in James’ voice tone that suggested the Butler was hiding something but kept his mouth shut figuring out that the Builder won’t be easy forthcoming with what he’s hiding due to recalling not easily getting information from a previous butler despite threatening the male. 
He kept his mouth shut as he and James went into the elevator and took it to the penthouse which once inside he spoke “Has there been any news on things related to me you might have heard?”
James spoke “I haven’t heard anything.” 
He heard the edge in James’ voice along with detecting his comment as a lie which he got a communication from Lance saying “Go to bed and go to sleep now period.” 
He frowned but went to his bedroom to shower and put on his pajamas and went to the bed lying on it pulling the blankets up and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who looked annoyed while glaring at the Meritanians. 
He frowned as Lance looked at him and spoke “The Meritanians when they told me that the Ghost Walkers passed away forgot to mention a certain detail about them which is the species evolved from their manoid cat bodies to Humans with abilities to hide in hidden states along with that they appear to be similar to a Human male named Alexei Zesky who is deathless and has ability to hide in hidden state along with moving in fast speeds. They also have weapons such as swords that come out of their arms with a hand movement.”
Jinks frowned as he recalled meeting Alexei’s twin brother Leader flashing in his mind as Lance’s eyes flared all black which made him nervous followed by being gagged on the throat which confused him. 
Lance spoke “I’m not pleased to find out that you had an encounter with one of them revealing their form to Alexei in his presence and never mentioned that to me till now.”
Jinks felt himself confused thinking “How did Lance found out about that?”
He heard Lance speak as if answering his question “I got this information from seeing it in your mind.” 
He heard giggling sounds coming from his right which he figured to himself that the Meritanians pulled the image out of his mind for Lance to see. 
He gagged out “I’m told that their called Zeskaya some deathless Human like race living in secret and that they’ve been keeping an eye on me from time to time.” 
He heard a loud ahem sound from the Meritanians as he felt Lance stop gagging him followed by voice speaking “Predecessor what’s up with gagging my father?”
Jinks kept his mouth shut recognizing the voice as Ajax as he was forced to stand with front facing the plants by Lance who flared Human blue eyes. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “I was telling off your father to let me handle the situation involving Elina Soto some assassin killed off by your father himself. The Humans or First Ones have dropped the charges due to that Elina was some assassin that killed Human males.” 
He frowned as Ajax spoke “That’s not the impression I got from the High Council involving Elina. They were trying to make the First Ones see my father in a bad light. I was recently told of supporters of the High Council sending recordings of Elina admitting to mating with a Human male that had poison in his system using her for mating and lying about the poison that also got into her. This mating made her expecting which she lost the baby and her doctor recommended her to be implanted to prevent another carrying state due to that the poison in her system would kill any baby she carries. The recording has already been sent to news affiliates at the moment.”
He felt himself annoyed hearing that as Lance spoke “When was the recording sent and why was your father freed from jail and allowed to go home instead of being charged with murder?”
He felt annoyance become more dominant felt Lance’s hand on his shoulder fingers digging into him which he figured to keep himself calm. 
He eyed Ajax who spoke “The recording was sent soon after Elina’s body was transported from the High Council’s base to the First Ones’ mainland in front of a supporter who left the body easy for the authorities to find it.”
Jinks willed himself to calm as Ajax kept talking “I’m aware that the First Ones on the mainland have been making a big fuss about my father being some deity lord and I think that the jail my father was in couldn’t handle the news affiliates pressuring them for statements from him or from them regarding the case of Elina. They sent him home to get the press off from pressuring them on the case.” 
He frowned hearing that as Ajax continued talking “I got the impression from the Meritanians talking earlier that the public is more interested in my father being a deity lord than him killing Elina and that the press have dubbed her by this name of Black Widow an assassin gone around killing Human males through mating. I’m not sure if the assassin is actually Elina or some other female doing it because the High Council have been tight lipped on whom their assassins are and haven’t mentioned their identities to me.” 
Jinks formed a frown on his lips as he heard Ramses speaking sounding like he’s talking to the High Council “High Council the First Ones have identified Elina Soto as some female assassin dubbed Black Widow that goes around poisoning males to death by mating as in transmitting the poison in her system to the male to die from it. The recording from you sent has been declared the reason why Elina became an assassin and murdering males which the public is buying the explanation. They think Horus figured out who the Black Widow assassin was lured her to his building and had her killed off which the authorities are balking on charging him for the crime due to figuring out that he did the deed from their examinations of Elina’s body which identified her as an assassin hence their balking.” 
He looked at Ramses as his eyes get forced shut which he came to feel a poking feeling in his stomach that feels like a staff rod end lurched up in a sitting position while opening his eyes. He felt his arms grabbed by the familiar clawed hands forcing him up to stand as he again found himself in the High Council’s throne room. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke with sarcasm “We will bring you down permanently and will see that the First Ones will see you as a bad person and will do what it takes to make sure this comes to fruition.” 
He glared as Onya spoke “Erra dump him in the ocean in King Winter’s Kingdom and make sure boats stay away from him period.” 
He blinked his eyes to discover himself in his bedroom of the penthouse and got a communication from Lance saying “The Meritanians aren’t happy with the High Council at the moment hence Erra disobeying their dumping order.” 
He heard nothing else from Lance figured he might as well go back to bed seeing its midnight on the clock which he does and dreams of himself standing next to a tree peeking through the plant fronds to see Lance in his eyes sight on the beach with Ajax next to him. 
He frowned as Lance spoke sounding loud enough for him to overhear “Ajax tell the High Council that I detect a group of First Ones have become obsessed with your father as in willing to follow him to death and fight for him in battles including that their aware of the High Council’s view on him. They have counter attacked everything the High Council have thrown against your father and is in process of doing a campaign to that the High Council as enemies of your father and the First Ones. They have been making no secret of what the High Council have been doing to your father over the years he lived including every single torture and manipulating done on him to news affiliates who have begun to blare it along with the High Council declared an enemy.” 
He frowned as Ajax spoke sounding dejected “I don’t have to tell the High Council what was said between you and me due to that this assassin, Mindbender with Highlanders are scanning my mind I’m told and have been relaying everything to the High Council the whole time I’m meeting you while asleep.”
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Fine but I detect others seeing the High Council in a bad light and have been campaigning to others including the Shadonia to view them as enemies and now worth following. I’m not sure what their actual reason for the campaigning in the first place.”
Jinks felt his eyes forced shut felt himself passing out unconscious woke up by the alarm blaring in his ear which he opened his eyes to glare at it seeing its eight o’clock in the morning. He got up from the bed and went into the bathroom figuring that he’ll get dressed and brush his hair which he did to go to the bedroom doors yanking them open to see James with his familiar look. He ignored James to walk to the dining room to sit and waited as Emma walked out of the kitchen carrying a tray which she set in front of him then gave him a look expecting him to eat. He ate everything on the plate and drank up the cup’s contents then left the dining room going to the gym room thinking to himself to practice karate. He proceeded to do a black belt Kata then once done did some stretching exercises and swung himself up with a karate move walking out of the room to meet James looking annoyed. 
He frowned as James spoke “There’s visitors in the lobby and that they can’t come up due to privacy reasons.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust went to the elevator and took it to the lobby to meet four cops which two handcuff him and he is hauled outside through the front entrance to meet a crowd of people that is news affiliates, reporters, flashing cameras aimed at him and asking for comments for Elina Soto’s death while saying that some female called the cops and said that she was the Black Widow and gave clear details to each of the murders that only the authorities and assassin were aware of. He felt himself getting angry hearing that figured that it was another stunt pulled by the High Council halted the Cops’ hauling. 
He yelled loudly despite the cops’ attempts to push him forwards “The High Council made it clear to me that they want me dead and will do anything to see that happen including trashing my reputation to make it easier to kill me off!” 
He paused to feel himself forced walked forwards whom he continued to yell “It’s not the first stunt the High Council pulled on me and they’ve done it over the years I’ve lived!”
He felt himself forced into a cruiser and door shut in his face which he felt himself getting angrier at the High Council allowed the emotion to take control to growl an angry sound as he sensed the car start up and ignored the scenery outside. 
He ranted loudly “The High Council is dead to me for they pulled their last stunt on me. I’m fed up with them doing stunts just to get me dead including manipulating my life to suffer torture from their attempts to kill me off and I’m sick of it.” 
He continued to rant over and over while sensing himself filmed “The High Council is dead to me.”
He cut his talking as a rage episode arrived within him and he lost it to came finding himself lying on a cot bed with fluorescent lights blaring overhead and he felt himself still angry while feeling himself irritated sensing that he was drugged as in knocked out when he had a rage episode. Jinks got up from the cot bed to look around discovering that he was in a large cell with stone cement walls on three sides of him and a barred fence in front of him while sensing himself filmed. He saw a curtain hiding a corner of the cell on his right from behind him which he went to swishing open the curtain to see its hiding a toilet with a sink. Jinks came out feeling himself much better while wiping his wet hands on his pants to hear a throat clearing noise which he looked at the fence to see a Human cop a male with nervousness in his eyes and sees the man grimace from him glaring at him. 
Jinks folded his arms as the cop spoke sounding nervous “A Highlander lawyer from McBroom and Associates came to the precinct to represent you and that the lawyer has said some words to the news affiliates gathered outside to respond to your outburst as you were led away to a cruiser. The lawyer said that the female who called was paid to say her words from Highlanders supporters of the High Council reading the minds of cops examining the Black Widow case. He also has said that there were three High Council groups before the current one that were assassinated by assassins and that the current High Council group has taken up to blaming you for the deaths and doing anything to make sure you die including shredding your reputation to us Humans.” 
He gave up a growling sound very loudly feeling himself still furious as the cop continued speaking “The majority of the public around the city have been protesting your arrest after the news affiliates blared it along with your outburst including your angry tantrum witnessed in one of our vehicles which we had to dart you out unconscious.” 
He felt a headache of his mind scanned to frown thinking what the Meritanians want with him only to feel his angry mood go away leaving him calm which he found himself no longer angry to stop forming a glare on his face as the headache left him. 
He spoke as the cop paused “What you supposed to be doing besides telling me what’s going on around the city?”
He frowned as the cop spoke sounding nervous “Nothing and that I’m wanted elsewhere.”
His senses blared that it was a lie as the cop jogged out of sight and heard a door opening and closing sound followed by silence. Jinks frowned as he went to sit on the cot leaning against the wall finding part of it attached to the wall which he stared at the fenced wall. He heard nothing but silence to sense he’s being filmed which he looked up at the ceiling to spot camera domes with red dots in them in the corners. He exhaled a breath as he heard nothing but stiffened as he senses a hand touch his cheek which he don’t see the hand’s owner due to it being hidden. He sensed hands touching him all over sparing his sensitive part as he sat leaning back on the cot back on the wall. He figured that the hands belong to the Ghost Walkers who evolved into Zeskaya that are touching him that make him think wondering what’s up with that. 
He gets a communication from Lance saying “The Ghost Walkers who evolved as Zeskaya have set the precinct as their home base from traveling around and that their communicating to you by letting you know that you’re not alone in the cell by them touching you.” 
He frowned as the hands stop touching him to feel pressure on the cot next to him to figure that a Zeskaya was sitting next to him on the cot bed which he eyed the fenced wall to see part of it slide open like a door followed by a light show and the door part sliding shut with a bang sound. Jinks figured to himself that a Zeskaya must have traveled someplace else but wondered how long he’s going to be in this cell for while the cops sort out the mess the High Council caused. He frowned to feel sleepiness yawned and laid his form on the cot feeling his head lying on a Humanoid’s lap. He felt hands Human like stroke his forehead as he felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feel a hand shaking his shoulder which he jerked open his eyes to feel his head off the lap and on the pillow and saw a cop leaning over him while looking nervous by the male’s facial expression. 
He felt annoyance glared at the cop who spoke with nervousness in his voice tone “The Mayor of the city has gotten involved in the case and told us to release you to your home. That’s due to receiving too many numerous complaints from people through all sorts of communications complaining about the High Council manipulating their life with all sorts of things including having family members killed off with the group taking responsibility to make sure that they comply with their orders.”
Jinks frowned feeling annoyance left him as the cop straightened up his form which he got up from the cot and followed the cop out of the cell to see a hallway with identical cells on both sides with a door at the end. He wordlessly followed the cop to the door that opened it revealing a stairwell which he followed up several flights of steps then stopped at a door. Jinks followed the cop through the door who opened and closed it revealing the lobby room which he paused as the cop paused from walking. 
The cop he saw turned to face him pointing a finger at the entrance “That’s the way out so go. There’s a car for you waiting outside so get out of here now.” 
Jinks obeyed without commenting only to stiffen seeing a barrage of news affiliates cameras, reporters holding microphones and people gathered on both sides of the entrance held back by rope barricades. He saw a limo parked at the curb at the end of the news affiliate group with a Highlander driver he recognized as his that opened the car door. Jinks walked through the group hearing reporters yelling all sorts of questions aimed at him overlapping as he got a communication from Lance telling him not to talk to the reporters period. He obeyed to get into the limo and felt the door slam shut behind him whom he sat back and stiffened seeing sitting in a seat sideways opposite him was Barry who was still wearing his familiar devices. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke “I told the High Council that you weren’t happy with what they told you on a previous visit. Also I told them that you were cranky from not enough sleep due to your body going into a trance detected in Ajax when you both talk to Lance Richard and that you didn’t get much rest. This not enough rest ruined your mood enough to have an outburst while led away by the cops and I used the example of you blowing a temper tantrum while in the police’s car as proof of that crankiness which the High Council saw clear in my mind.”
Jinks frowned as Barry continued speaking while sensing the car start up and moving “I should warn you that your outburst was broadcasted during the city and nationally by news affiliates that got way too many people all over mainland brave enough to speak out complaining about what the High Council did to them to every single news affiliate in their area. The press is having a field day with that locally and nationally all over the mainland. I wouldn’t be surprised if the High Council retaliates against you for that outburst but I’m not sure what they’ll do and when they’ll do it.” 
He groaned loudly as Barry he saw disappeared in a flash of light which he peered out the window to see it drive to the Castle then went into the garage room which he saw James standing nearby that walked up the car opening the door and he got out to hear the butler slam it shut behind him. 
He spoke “James, have you heard anything related to me or what the news affiliates have been talking about?”
He stared at James who formed a big frown on his face before speaking “I heard all sorts of things about you, Master Jinks. Some of those things aren’t appropriate for me to say due to that I’m aware that you will get into an angry tantrum from hearing about it. That’s all I know despite being aware that you know some of those things.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut nodded his head and wordlessly followed James to the elevator taking it to the penthouse and once inside he went to the library to sit in a chair feeling no book between the chair and cushion as he leaned back shutting his eyes feeling himself needing to sleep. He felt himself passing out unconscious welcomed the feeling hitting him.

Jinks came to feel a hand shaking his shoulder which he opened his eyes looking to see James leaning over him that removed his hand straightening up his form. 
He stared at James who spoke “It’s time for your required meal and you should go eat it.”
He didn’t protest got up and left the library sensing the butler not following him which he went to the dining room to find a tray full of food in dishware on the table in his familiar spot. He felt himself terribly hungry sat down and gobbled up the food using silverware along with gulping down the drink of strawberry milkshake he tasted. Jinks once done with the food and drink got up and went to the TV room figuring that he’ll watch a DVD which he went to. He went to the familiar armoire to peer inside and frowned seeing no DVDs in it which he figured to himself that technology must have improved to have something else than that. Jinks went to the TV checking it to see it was the same as before and checked below it the console to see a DVD like shaped box but appearing to look different from as before. He frowned feeling confused but figured that the box must be a new version of DVD straightened up his form. He went to the couch and sat and spoke the command for on towards the TV to see it flicker still showing blue but with dates on it in a list from top to bottom in the middle of the screen along with an arrow symbol pointing down. 
Jinks frowned as he got a communication from Lance speaking “The dates are recorded events happening that day so go to the date your born and you’ll see what’s recorded.” 
He frowned but obeyed ordering the TV to go to the date of his birth and play the recording. He kept his eyes on the screen to see it flicker showing a woman with short hair wearing a hospital gown with abdomen swollen while having legs bent and making grunting noises with the camera view baring her sensitive part below the waist with hands appearing to be gloved having hands on the area. Jinks stiffened recognizing the woman as his mother and realized that it was a birthing scene showing himself being born which he saw her push him out as a baby with the hands’ having hands on him helping her get him out. He watched as himself as a baby was completely taken out and placed on his mother’s front that put hands around him cradling him to herself while appearing to look relieved and happy from the expression on her face. 
Jinks watched the scene and heard his mother spoke in a happy tone “Robert.” 
He exhaled a breath as screen flickered going back to blue and dates he saw with the year he was born at the end of them. Jinks sighed leaning back on the couch feeling himself sad realizing and remembering that his mother didn’t live to see him graduate from college which was one of her dreams she shared with him when he graduated from high school. He sighed to feel sadness hit him as he felt tears fall from his eyes which he allowed them through running down his cheeks as recalled memories of his mother sharing her dreams she wanted him to do for her while he was growing up being raised by her. He exhaled a breath through his mouth allowing himself to remember memories of his mother flashing in his mind reverie broken by a hand touching him on the shoulder jerking him from his mental thoughts. 
Jinks looked to see the hand’s owner was James who was frowning before the butler spoke “You have visitors in the lobby identified as FBI who can’t come up according to privacy laws. Their according to the guards are here to question you again subject involving the death of a female named Elina Soto. Would you like me to tell the guards to tell the Federal Agents that you’re indisposed at the moment and would not be coming down to talk to them?”
Jinks stared at James while feeling the tears still running down his face and sadness hitting him which he spoke in a broken voice “Just...go....away....”
He heard James say something which he ignored and felt the butler’s hand off his shoulder followed by doors closing sounds. Jinks leaned forward on the couch putting his hands on his face and allowed himself to continue crying tears feeling himself terribly upset running through him. He felt sleepiness hitting him hard leaned back on the couch removing his hands and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who hugged him hard as he burst into tears weeping while clings his hands on his father’s clothes in tight grips. He continued to cry tears while feeling Lance rub his back as he felt himself stopping being sad followed by a calmness feeling hitting him that made him feel happy having his father hugging him. Jinks felt Lance stiffen followed by his father forcing himself away from him to place hands on his forehead and chest keeping him in a calm mood which he didn’t protest to the touching. 
He stared at Lance who spoke sounding calm “There was nothing I could do, Jinks, to prolong her life for you. I’m sorry that I suggested that you view that recording. I didn’t realize that it would get you very upset.” 
Jinks groaned loudly as Lance paused to pat him on the chest and rub his forehead but resuming keeping his hands on him before speaking “Don’t worry you’ll get over this enough to accept it. Just hope that the pain will be bearable for you whenever you think of your mother and recall memories of her.”
He groaned as his eyes were forced shut and he came to feel a hand on his shoulder shaking the area. Jinks jerked open his eyes lurching up as the hand removed from his shoulder. He heard a throat clearing noise sounding off his right looked to see James looking annoyed by the facial expression. 
Jinks felt himself in a calm mood with his eyes and face dried of tears as he stared at James who spoke sounding irritated “The FBI agents have produced some computer document saying that they have some state judge’s permission to go into your home to arrest you and bring you to a precinct for further interrogation providing you don’t come down to talk to them. The guards at the moment are stalling the Federal Agents with the claim of saying that their document has to be checked out first before they comply with their demands which has resulted in an argument that is happening at the moment. What do you recommend should be done about this?”
Jinks felt disgust hit him spoke “I’ll come down and talk to the FBI but tell the guards to keep the Federal Agents’ questioning short and be ready to remove them at my order for I’m not in a talking mood. I detest having to repeatedly answer the Federal Agents’ ridiculous questions about my personal life I prefer to keep private at the moment.” 
He got up seeing the butler nod his head and stalked to the elevator which he took to the lobby to walk out seeing guards and four familiar men standing in the room that made him feel disgust. 
He walked up to the four men and spoke sounding annoyed “I’m told that your FBI here to ask questions. Make this short for I’m getting fed up with doing this without any explanation for the real reason for these interrogations.”
He folded his arms glaring at the Federal Agents as he felt himself filmed and one of them spoke “We have the authority to ask you questions as many times as we wish and do have the power to arrest you and bring you to a precinct if you don’t comply with our questioning for further interrogation.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust very loudly as the same federal agent continued “What do you know of Elina Soto?”
Jinks spoke “That she was some female Highlander Human hybrid I felt interested in having as my mate till I figured out that she was actually an assassin.”
He clamped his mouth shut feeling himself further disgusted as the federal agent spoke “How did you find out that she was an assassin?”
Jinks spoke “Alright I’m not entirely human. I have parts of Highlander species in me which I used some kind of Highlander ability to detect what Elina was actually.” 
He again clamped his mouth shut as he heard a throat clearing noise coming from one of the federal agents. He frowned feeling himself stop being disgusted as suspiciousness arrived within him hearing the noises. 
The federal agent spoke “You care to explain the ability that detected Elina to be an assassin?”
Jinks exhaled a breath and spoke “Just something I’m having trouble explaining and don’t want to talk more of it.”
He heard the federal agent spoke “You care to explain more in depth the so called trouble involving explaining the ability?”
He felt himself angry spoke “I have enough of your questions goodbye.” 
He walked off only to hear the federal agent speak “We’re not finished with our questions Mister Montreal. Either you cooperate with us or we’ll arrest you for further interrogation at the precinct.” 
Jinks growled an angry sound fisted his hands while unfold his arms and turned around speaking loudly “Guards, see the FBI out now!”
He walked away to hear multiple sounds of gun cocking which he went to an elevator as gestured by a guard and went inside to press the button for penthouse which he heard a loud howling sound sounding angry before the doors shut closed. Jinks frowned hearing the sound for it sounded familiar as an image of a male Human with tan brown skin flashing in his mind along with the name General Britain Morgan came to him. He stiffened recalling that Morgan as a general leader of a Master Organization army group of a Humanoid like race called Amula and figured that the howling noise was Amula sounding angry. Jinks exhaled a breath as he kept his arms to his sides while sensing the elevator go up reaching the penthouse floor which he walked out to meet James standing in the room looking annoyed. 
Jinks stared at James who spoke with annoyance in his voice tone “The guards report that the federal agents turned out to be Amula and are running amok around the lobby in their gonoid forms making it hard for them to catch them and kick them out. The Amula have managed to avoid being hit with darts fired at them with darts missing and hitting guards that are putting them to sleep.”
Jinks growled an angry sound as James continued to speak “I have managed to order the elevators to cease operation and the doors to the stairwells locked just to keep the federal agents from accessing here.” 
He spoke “Thanks James. Keep me updated on the process.” 
He saw James fade from view which he figured that the butler went to the kitchen from memory of seeing a phone console there. He felt himself riled up figured he’ll go to the gym room to practice karate which he walked to swinging open the doors to stare with shock seeing Barry inside the room looking serious by the expression on his face.
Jinks stared at Barry who spoke “You having special abilities regardless of you being not fully human will come out. Just to warn you of that there’s people very interested in you with plans not known will probably find out what the High Council have as a secret on you. Just be warned of that.” 
He saw Barry disappear in a flash of light which he went to the middle of the room and began doing a karate black belt Kata finding himself feeling better from the movements till he ended with a bow back to the doors to hear a throat clearing noise sounding loudly behind him. Jinks looked to see James flaring golden eyes standing next to four familiar men he recognized as the FBI who all had mouths in thin lines. 
He folded his arms and spoke “Get them out now, James.” 
He heard from one of the Federal Agents spoke “He’ll comply once you finish answering our questions which I suggest you cooperate on that matter.”
He spoke “How the depths did you get in here? I was told that access was blocked.”
Jinks glared at the federal agents as one spoke “Government access overrides everything.” 
He heard James spoke “There’s a law allowing that access put in place ten years ago.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust as a federal agent spoke “You care to explain this Highlander ability to detect Elina as an assassin?”
He spoke “By mind.”
Jinks got from the federal agent “How? Care to explain.” 
He felt annoyance hit him growled an angry sound as he spoke “That was from kissing her on the lips and hearing a readout of her internal body and organs. This ability worked whenever I kissed females and I don’t intend to try it out on males.” 
Jinks heard a throat clearing noise coming from one of the federal agents as one spoke “We’ll be back for further questions and we expect you to cooperate next time.”
He waited as they walked out of view followed by James to raise a hand and made an obscene gesture with it before turning around to attack the punching bag with karate feeling himself riled up again. He continued to attack the punching bag till he felt himself calmer sighed and walked out of the gym room to the library where he took a look at the books and sighed again as a thought of knowing what laws were made while he was out asleep came to his mind. 
Jinks walked out of the library and spoke loudly “James!”
He waited feeling the wait time lengthy as the butler came into view appearing from no where while no longer flaring golden eyes. 
Jinks spoke “I like a record of the government’s newly made national laws starting ten years in the past till now.” 
James spoke “Will do but I should tell you that the FBI questioned Emma, Matthew and I about our knowledge of you before leaving through the stairwell which their currently going down it at the moment.” 
He felt annoyance hit him as he spoke “Dismissed James.”
He watched as James faded from view and felt himself tensed up went to the gym room swinging open the doors banging them then went inside the room to the middle where he kneeled back to the open doors and shut his eyes willing himself to mediate. He felt the mediation helped him release from being tensed up as he sensed a presence behind him standing in the doorway which he figured was James. 
Jinks spoke “You have what I requested, James?”
He heard “Sorry I didn’t want to disturb your mediation seeing that you were in a low mood and was trying to calm down.”
He exhaled a breath hearing James’ voice and words as the butler continued “I was told that in order to acquire records of the government laws you requested, you would have to seek a lawyer based on the government who has knowledge of this and can explain everything to you.” 
Jinks exhaled another breath sensing an edge in James’ voice telling him that the butler wasn’t fully saying what was said. 
He sighed as James spoke “Anything else, Master Jinks?”
He spoke “Dismissed James.” 
He sensed James leave by feeling the presence behind gone which he continued mediating then opened his eyes feeling himself calm. 
He got a communication from Lance speaking “I’m afraid Barry is right on what he said. You would have to reveal that you have special abilities when asked by people especially to the FBI asking you the question.”
He groaned a soft sound to mentally think “That’s something I despise doing due to that I don’t like flaunting my powers to people.” 
Jinks heard from Lance “You didn’t complain about doing it to people who weren’t part of the Master Organization such as you gagging one of them mentally which someone witnessed.” 
He groaned as memories of what Lance talked flashed in his mind sighed and got up from the padded floor which he walked out of the gym room and thought about going to the library only to find his feet took him to the TV room. Once inside he shut the doors and stared at the TV seeing the screen was a blank blue color. He spoke the command for on and got the familiar dates in the year he was born which he ordered for the beginning of the list. He saw the screen flicker changing dates to show dates before he was born which he frowned realizing that it was eight months before his birth. Sighing he frowned ordering the TV to play the first date on the list which he saw was a wedding scene showing his mother marrying Burke Richardson by a male dressed in familiar Master Organization priest robes in a church like setting which reminded him of attending a wedding soon after Katherine’s death. He watched the wedding seeing it was similar to the wedding he attended followed by the scene ending by the couple entering a limo with door shutting behind them as the TV screen went back to blank blue with dates on it. Jinks sighed to read the next date seeing it was six months later which his mother according to Earth pregnancies would be seven months of carrying him which he frowned ordering the TV to play the date. Jinks watched a scene showing his mother lying on a bed with abdomen bared and swollen with child as a female medic wearing scrubs he saw was rubbing an object on top of her abdomen area while looking away from her appearing to be staring at a boxy computer like monitor. 
Jinks frowned as the medic spoke “Well from scans it appears that you’re having a boy.”
He saw his mother look at the camera view and spoke “Just like you wanted Burke.”
He frowned as the camera view jerked up and down in a yes gesture before the TV screen blinked back to blue with dates on it. Jinks felt himself falling backwards to land on a hard metal floor which he discovered himself in the High Council’s throne room. He felt his arms grabbed by familiar hands and lifted up to a standing position. 
He heard Shad speak with anger in the voice tone “We don’t appreciate your outburst which got First Ones complaining all sorts of words about us. The Meritanians have detected some of those people thinking of declaring war on us something the plants have made it clear that they want to avoid due to that they have no defenses against weapons aimed at them.”
He didn’t comment as Shad added “Anybus, knock Horus out now.” 
Jinks spoke sounding annoyed “His name is Anubis and not Anybus so stop calling him that.” 
He heard from Shad sounding sarcastic “It’s the speakers who are saying Anybus and not the actual name.” 
He detected it as a lie and felt himself falling unconscious before he could say it. 

Jinks woke up hearing the alarm sounding in his ear lurching up opening his eyes to discover that he’s back in the penthouse and its eight o’clock in the morning which he felt sore all over like his body was suffering bruises as in pain which confused him. 
He mentally thought to himself “What the depths did the High Council do to me?”
He got a communication from Lance saying “They ordered Anubis to use you as a punching bag as an attempt to wake you up before putting you in one of their scanning machines that gives pain. Anubis’ attempts failed due to that the Meritanians kept you asleep which the High Council had you put in the scanning machine which lucky the plants kept you knocked out so you wouldn’t suffer the pain of it scanning you.” 
He groaned loudly and got up from the bed feeling himself weak but strong enough to function and felt that food would help him feel better which he went into the bathroom to shower. 

Jinks came out dressed in clean clothes and hair brushed which he went to the bedroom doors to yank them open and stiffened seeing a male Highlander wearing a suit standing in James’ place with a frown on the male’s face. 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander spoke “Hit the dining room and eat then I’ll tell you why I’m here to you once you’ve eaten.” 
Jinks didn’t comment went to the dining room to see a tray with dishware holding food and drink which he went to sit and gobbled up the food and gulped down the drink. He pushed the tray away to eye the Highlander sitting next to him a laptop computer in front of him and doing some typing rapid fire pace. 
Jinks cleared his throat loudly to hear the typing halt as the Highlander looked at him who spoke “I’m a lawyer from McBroom and Associates. My specialty is government law. My name is Cart and that’s all you should know.”
He felt confused hearing that as he got a communication from Lance saying “Cart is a minion of the High Council but is divided on his loyalties to them and to you.” 
He didn’t comment on what Lance said, kept his mouth shut as Cart continued talking “A King answering to the last name of Kennidis with the senators passed a law allowing the government to have access to everything going around the mainland and allied islands. The law was based on an incident involving an attempt assassination on the King by some assassin sending a torpedo to his car which you as a bodyguard back then got him and entourage out in time before the weapon hit the car blowing it up. Kennidis invented the law due to that the government could have prevented the car blowing up if they had access to who buys military weapons such as being alerted of known assassins having purchased weapons of destructions. This could have tightened security around the King and his vehicle traveling in the capital city.”
Jinks frowned hearing that as Cart kept talking “Kennidis lost the reelection to his opponent named Jeff Hettinger due to having a convicted criminal as his bodyguard which the press had a field day and reason why he lost the election by an almost landslide victory. Hettinger when he took the King position only lasted five months before the senators voted him out reason was some female assassin answering to the name of Margo admitted that the Hettinger family had a feud with you and ordered her to assassinate your daughter Victoria who was actually declared missing due to that her body hasn’t been found and that Margo claimed she dumped the body in the ocean.”
Jinks stiffened hearing Cart’s words who continued “Margo’s bank records proved that she was paid for the assassination with the money trail going to the Hettinger family which was found out by the FBI who arrested Jeff Hettinger for accessory for murder which he was later kicked out of the King position. Then he was later charged for the crime of murder due to Margo later killed off in some jail cell which evidence pointed to Hettinger ordering the job due to that a large amount of money was taken out of his account enough to pay an assassin to kill her off along with additional money traced to some electrical company to cut the power to the precinct she was staying for the murderer to gain entrance without being filmed and kill her off. Hettinger in question was later found guilty and then sent to prison for a life sentence which he later died in prison killed off by a fellow prisoner who was already serving a life sentence for a murder which the convict wound up later executed to death for killing Hettinger. As for the senators who voted Hettinger out they asked Kennidis to take the King position who agreed and has been spotless for his entire term even finished it to allow another to be voted into position once the time arrived. Unfortunately a year before when it came for Kennidis to step down no one came forward asking the public to vote them in position or take the title which no one did till it was time for him to step down. The senators at the time along with other government officials voted to allow Kennidis to keep the position till someone would come forward willing to take the position which hasn’t been done till two years ago when two people answering to the names of Donald Marshall and Burke Richardson announced that they would run for the position. This was after the Master Organization was publicity ousted which both men made no secret of being part of the group or relatives when they ran for the position. Burke won by a near landslide victory reason was because of Donald not making a secret that he was a former criminal of the law hence people hesitant to having him in the position of King voted for his relative instead.”
Jinks frowned while feeling himself not surprised to hear Cart’s words as the Highlander kept talking “As for the laws passed in the ten year time frame there were about twenty laws that came forwards but only five were made public due to them passing. One of them is the law that allows the government to have access to everything. The other laws were one was on the government voting to allow a King or Queen to keep their position after their term expires if there are no candidates found to take their place and keep the position till candidates come forwards to take it. The second law was on a discovered Human like race called Builder that was ousted twenty years ago due to one of them caught on recording ordering you to kill off a male was that if they were caught using their special voice talents to make people break the law they would face punishment depending on how the law was broken by the person they voice ordered. One example is if a Builder was caught ordering someone to kill a person which the deed was done they would face surgery to have the organ that gives them their voice removed to kill their voice off followed by a jail sentence depending on how that person they ordered did the killing. An example of that would be you snapping the neck of a person while under voice order which the Builder who did it would have their voice organ removed permanently followed by a jail sentence equal to you which is twenty years you had in prison then freed.” 
He nodded his head then stopped as Cart continued talking “Another law passed was ordering weapon sales persons to order buyers to have background checks on them as in a four week wait with all sorts of ID checked and bank statements checked to make sure they weren’t assassins and were legally buying the weapon. The law has an attachment included that states that certain weapons of war listed could only be bought by legal army groups with the background checked on the legal army group’s representative buying the weapon to make sure that the weapon won’t be misused for personal use by a member of the army group.”
Jinks gave a head bob then paused his head as Cart adds “The fifth law that recently came out passed by the government due to the ouster of the Master Organization saying that groups such as them must register with the government to be declared legal status and that law has an attachment included that states that groups must be beneficial for people’s lives including following the laws of the government and cannot be used to break the law period. The Master Organization had already once the law came out registered with the government by making a big deal about it but other groups are said to be registered quietly including one group your familiar with called Scotland and another group an all Builder group with no public or known name but has been dubbed The Hammer by Scotland publicity saying that after the group was ousted to the news affiliates by the Master Organization which Scotland blames The Hammer for that ouster. The government since Scotland’s ouster has been keeping a close eye on that group due to rumors and reports of members working for the High Council doing things against other people such as breaking the law. There’s a report among Scotland that I’m telling you now that members doing said to break the law have been brought down by The Hammer who have been making members guilty in court and going to jail with heavy jail sentences by judges and juries claimed to be under Builder voice influence to give the punishment which has been going on for ten years so far. The claim at the moment is still being checked out but there haven’t been any results due to people being uncooperative and that the Meritanians for some reason are being very picky with helping Scotland with this by not saying much and have been putting members off with helping them. I should tell you that Scotland have members working in the Master Organization that are loyal to you and that they have noticed without saying anything to other members of the group that The Hammer has been targeting members known to work for the High Council as in getting them charged with a crime and hit with heavy jail sentences including executed if the Highlander was proven to have a hand in an assassination and it doesn’t matter if it was successful or not just given the execution.”
Jinks frowned hearing that as Cart pauses to nod his head then continued to add “The Meritanians warned the High Council that there’s more than one all Builder group going around and that they have recently this year joined forces uniting together under the Builder group dubbed The Hammer by Scotland who have been very picky on Highlanders serving the High Council. The Hammer have been keeping a very close eye on those Highlanders and sickening them with the police if they break the law and said to influence juries and judges to give them heavy jail sentences. The High Council thinks that there’s something suspicious going on with the Builders due to their behavior towards their people working for them which I’m not sure what it is.”
He frowned forming it on his lips as Cart keeps talking “There’s a rumor going around Scotland that some Builder influenced a senator in the government, unsure how, to think of making a law of declaring you a member of royalty along with giving you a title such as Emperor which we’re currently checking it out a the moment due to hearing it from other sources.”
Jinks frowned feeling himself a little weird out hearing that he’ll be awarded a title which he didn’t comment as Cart continued to talk “The Emperor title has been blabbed to a tabloid anonymously and that the newspaper has been blaring it on their front cover and that the other tabloids haven’t gotten around to have the title thing blared yet due to them busy blaring about you being some Human God. From reports in Scotland that the High Council is having an angry fit about the Emperor title thing thought up and being awarded to you that they might do something rather rash to trash you and to spite people supporting the view which I’m warning you about that.” 
He nodded his head as Cart paused then continued “What comment would you like to say about this?”
Jinks spoke as a hunch came to his mind “The title thing by a Builder was from someone in the Master Organization expressing that due to the group worshipping me as a Human God and their probably giving me the title just to make me more important to people instead of some tabloid news going around the city and elsewhere.” 
He paused to see Cart’s eyes narrow with a glare in them which he added from memories flashing in his mind “I have experience too many years ago from members of the Master Organization worshipping me as some deity object and being fanatic about that. I heard over the years that the fanatics have done some things to make me more important such as people picking me on some holiday to ring a bell with someone else assisting at the start of my political career just before I announced my running for mayor of the city as an example of what the fanatics have done for making me important.” 
He paused to see that Cart didn’t look surprised by that which he added “When I campaigned for Mayor the religious fanatics accompanied me on my walkabouts in the city while I was meeting people anywhere and telling them to vote for me. The city got a huge surge of residents revealed to be people of the Master Organization with some of them being fanatic due to being known that city residents normally leave the city to live elsewhere after living there for a month. I won by a landslide victory after the results of the votes were revealed after the time for vote for candidate to office had passed. When I ran for other government positions and traveled around I saw groups of people from the Master Organization in the crowd including accompanying me walking around neighborhoods and towns to ask people to vote for me. I won government positions by near landslide victories and that includes winning the King position till they kicked me out accusing me of cheating by using my leadership of the Master Organization status to help me in position. The government didn’t protest when my opponent Guard Kensington in the King position after given the title wound up with cancer and insisted that I share the position with him till the term expired. I recalled doing all of the title’s work while Kensington fought the cancer ravaging his body till it killed him a year after the King term expired.”
Jinks paused to clear his throat then continued talking “After the King term expire numerous people told me to retire from politics due to that the government kicking out of the title position caused a black mark on my political career. I’m told that polls on me to people asking about whether they were willing to vote me in another government position have by large numbers said no they wouldn’t vote for me for saying that the government found something wrong with me and kicked me out despite me redeeming myself as King when Guard Kensington said he couldn’t take the title due to having cancer to fight off. The people were strong fasted in their view of not voting me in political positions when questioned.”
He paused to sigh and then continued to talk “My deceased wife Katherine revealed years later when my son Robert was in his teens, just after she married me of being told of a national tabloid saying some story about me falling in love with her herself and me arranging for the kidnapping and execution of my first wife Victoria by people. She was told that the tabloid mentioned having Highlanders take the blame as some smear campaign against them because of the High Council were Highlanders themselves due to me hating them for torture done on me.” 
He paused to see Cart looking surprised on the Highlander’s face as he continued talking “Katherine after being told of the tabloid’s news story hasn’t shared with me her views on whether she believed the tabloid or not and has always put me off on telling me on how she feels whenever I bring it up. I tried to use Robert my son to get her to talk but she has remained tight lipped on that. I found out from Robert a year after Katherine passed away that she admitted to him while she was sick in the hospital from cancer her feelings of the tabloid and swore to him to not talk to me about them till a year after she passed away which he did obeying her wishes. Robert admitted to me that his mother’s feelings were anger and disgust that the tabloid would blare that story and she partially believed it at first when she was told of the story then stopped believing it entirely when strong evidence from the government officials to her secretly said that I had nothing to do with Victoria’s kidnapping and execution. That was actually done by Highlanders said to detect Victoria as someone else other than the real Victoria who passed away as an eighteen year old of cancer and that the execution was their message to her father to learn a lesson that such trickery wasn’t going to be tolerated period.”
Jinks paused to frown as Cart spoke “I heard a story whether just a rumor or true about someone in the Master Organization had his wife posing as Victoria your wife and had you mate with his wife which produced a son and that’s all I know of the story. I like to know what you know of it.”
Jinks spoke “Some male I’m unsure of his name was claimed to be a descendant of me but turned out to be adopted into the family as a child due to having power abilities that his biological parents couldn’t care for him and gave him to my family to care for and learn how to use his power abilities. I learned later from some sources in the Master Organization that the son still a baby later passed away same time as my first child with Katherine a daughter named Victoria as a baby passed away due to me sick with some unexplained medical ailment that made me look like I was starving myself. I managed with proper medicine to heal from that. The male who had his wife mate with me was ousted by the Master Organization soon after the son passed away and punished harshly for the trickery by having him pay a huge million dollar money fine for it was a law set in the group to not to trick me when it comes to wanting a child from me and that they were to use honesty. Also the Master Organization had the male fired from his executive office job and forced him to work in a factory as a low level job worker and that the male’s wife was forced to get a job working in some beauty salon cutting hair due to that the group insisted on that as a lesson for going along with the trickery. The wife wound up pregnant with the male’s child and had a daughter which the couple wound raising her themselves insisted by the Master Organization to keep the child and rise her influencing her in the group’s ways which they did. The male in question turned out to like his factory job to keep working there for years and even made it to manager position there which his wife wound up liking her hair cutting job kept working even reached the manager position. I’m not sure what’s going on with the couple at the moment. I’m told that their daughter from sources years ago has turned out to follow her mother into hair cutting business and working at the salon doing business there for I haven’t heard much about them since I was accused of killing a male under Builder influence. I also was shot in the chest by a male named Hettinger who knocked me unconscious and I haven’t heard much updates on people’s lives since the twenty years I was incarcerated for the crime.”
He frowned to pause from talking as Cart spoke “I’ll see if I can find out what you want to know and will let you know of it. What else you want to know about people?”
He spoke from memory “What about General Kennidis a Builder under my King position has really been doing from being told part of the story from his son ten years ago when I was hired into doing bodyguard work? I’m told that Kennidis kept the position for years under numerous Kings including finding a female Builder who bore him three sons and retired when one of his sons ran for the King position and a new General was established which I met.” 
Jinks frowned as Cart spoke “The General back then when you were sharing the King position with Kensington was diagnosed with diabetes and made no secret of the medical condition by supporting groups having fund raisers for the cure of diabetes and during one of those fund raisers met his wife which he married and she bore him three sons. He kept his General position serving under various Kings while receiving medical help for his diabetes which his sons have been told over and over to get themselves tested thoroughly for the medical ailment which they have done that. The son who ran for the King position wound up diagnosed with diabetes after candidates for the position came forward for the title.”
He spoke as Cart paused “I recall that the son had a daughter who was male crazy when I was a bodyguard ten years ago and would like to know what happened to her.” 
Cart spoke “The daughter abruptly quit her male crazy ways with no explanation given but some rumor is that it was from you mating with her willingly instead of giving resistance which she normally gets from males when she wants to mate with them.”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as Cart continued talking “She went to some college in the state of Massachusetts called Harvard where she was a model student and graduated top of her class as the unofficial valedictorian. During her college time she caught the eye of a male student from a rival college called Yale in the state of Connecticut during a sporting game between both colleges who pursued her a bit on the heavy side. He turned out to be a Builder who recognized her as one and wanted her as his wife which she after graduation accepted his marriage proposal and married him in the Kennidis family home in another state called Texas. She wound up having two sons two years apart and she hasn’t had another child since due to that it appears she and her husband have agreed that two boys are enough. She currently works as a professor of Math in a college in Texas with her husband working as assistant librarian at the same college. Her parents are currently living in Texas living a life as retired from work and politics.”
He nodded his head as Cart looked at his jeweled wristband which he figured was a time piece as the Highlander adds “I have to go to my office. They expect me back at certain time like I said I would be there. I have to go to account for traffic just to avoid making me late.”
Jinks spoke “You can go but I request to let me know of other information on people I like to know when asked.” 
He saw Cart agree by his head nod before the Highlander got up folding the laptop and walked out of the room carrying the computer by the handle. Jinks sat frowning and got up going to the library which once inside he sat leaning back in the chair letting his thoughts wander till he heard a throat clearing noise which he looked up to see James standing in the doorway. 
James spoke “Its lunch time. You’re required to eat.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath got up and went to the dining room to find sitting on the table was a cup full of pink liquid which he picked up and gulped down and then walked out of the room back to the library not meeting James on the way. He sat in the chair leaning back letting his thoughts wander till he felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “The male you want to know named Frederick dubbed Fred has gotten the manager position of his factory job due to liking it and getting promoted before retiring due to his health a problem with his heart that required an operation and required him to limit his physical activity in his recovery. Fred’s wife nicknamed Hattie instead of her original name of Honey in question bought the hair salon and owns the business but she still cuts hair from time to time while attending to her husband. As for their daughter dubbed Mattie original name Matilda, she has followed her mother into the business and has birthed three sons from mating with three different Human males who don’t seem interested in marrying her or having a relationship with her, just using her for sex. The sons seem interested in following their mother into the business due to them helping her with the work at the hair salon very dedicatedly and that the sons seem interested in going to school on learning how to beauty salon business things themselves.”
He nodded his head as Lance forced his eyes shut which he woke up to hear a door knocking sound on the doors followed by them opening and James entering the room clearing his throat. 
He frowned as James spoke sounding annoyed “One of the guards of the building told me to tell you that a guard, a female on her break from guarding was watching some soap opera which some news affiliate focused in Albany the New York state’s capital cut in interrupting her program to talk about the government in the middle of talks on awarding you a title of Emperor and having you declared royalty. The news broadcast theorized that if the government went through with the Emperor Title awarding that there would be a coronation as in crowning you with a crown and officially declaring you Emperor.”
Jinks felt himself disgusted formed it on his face as James added “What else can I do for you?”
He spoke “Nothing the Emperor thing will take used to and dismissed James.” 
He frown watching James leave the room shutting the doors. 
He thought to himself “The Emperor thing better blow over for I’m not keen on having that awarded to me.” 
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who has an all black eyed glare who spoke “You’re accepting that Emperor, title period and you will do it with no protest at all.” 
He whined out “But-“
Jinks felt himself gagged on the throat interrupting his talk as Lance spoke “Your accepting the position or I’ll see that the religious fanatics will have their way with you as in chaining you to a chair naked in some secret location and used as a religious object for touching, mating and bleeding your blood for drinking rituals. I assure that will happen if you refuse the Emperor position.”
He heard Ramses speak “Isn’t kidding about that.” 
He widened his eyes and felt them forced shut to wake up in the chair in the library to feel himself hit with nervousness with shock running though him that make him shake hard which he struggled to will himself to calm down finding no success in doing it. Jinks felt a headache of his mind scanned followed by calmness arriving within him which the headache stopped and he felt his shaking stop which he kept himself sitting in the chair leaning back willing himself to calm despite feeling nervous. 
He continued to sit and got a communication from Lance saying “What I told you of the religious fanatics is what Ramses told me but I’m not sure if it’s true or a joke due to not having the ability to tell the truth from a lie.”
He frowned feeling himself nervous breathed hard through his mouth till he felt himself calm and no longer nervous breathed through his nose using mediation techniques till he found himself calm. 
Jinks exhaled a breath though his mouth thinking to himself “I’ll take the Emperor position but when it comes to security they better keep those religious fanatics off of me period.”
He got a communication from Lance saying “Once you take the Emperor position security on you will be more tighter and will keep you out of the religious fanatics’ hands due to wanting to worship you as some religious object which is why I insisted on you taking the Emperor position from being aware of security will be tighter around you keeping people from hurting you period.”
He didn’t protest to Lance’s words shut his eyes and came to feel a cloth covering his eyes along with some breathing mask put over his mouth and nose making him sleepy till he passed out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing an alarm sound jerking open his eyes which he discovered himself sitting in a chair underneath a spotlight while feeling a familiar object covering his forehead that he figured was blocking his skull implant from transmitting. He stood up to discover himself naked as the scene changed to show himself surrounded by numerous brown hooded figures with faces covered along with black gloves seen on their hands that surrounded him picking him up above them. He struggled against their hand grips and willed the Master through him willing his body to charge of electricity and finding no results from the hooded figures still keeping their hands on him. He felt himself carried till he was lowered down on something hard that felt like stone on his back and then some of the figures stepped back but his hands and feet were still restrained by hands. 
Jinks mentally yelled “Father, help!”
He heard nothing from Lance opened his mouth to speak and felt soreness in his throat along with no sound coming out. He struggled against the grips as his eyes fell on a hooded figure that stood besides him pulling out an object from a sleeve he recognized to be a hand dagger. He eyed the dagger as the figure raised it up aiming it towards him which he abruptly felt himself floating above his body to witness it change into Lance with a glare on his face. Jinks watched as the hooded figures surrounding Lance backed up several meters along with the ones restraining him abruptly let go. He found himself back in his body sat up yanking the device off his forehead then stood up off the stone slab to find the scene changed. He discovered himself in his bedroom in the penthouse which he heard a door knocking sound from the doors facing in his direction which he brought hands covering his sensitive part as James entered the room clearing his throat. 
He glared at James who spoke ignoring his naked status “Its time for your required meal. You’ll find clothes in the bathroom.” 
He watched as James left the room shutting the doors which he walked into the bathroom to find clothes sitting folded on the sink counter along with shoes below them. He glared at the mirror to go to it to peer through and willed the Master away to discover his eyes remained all black. Growling of annoyance he brought his hands to his eyes and felt them to yank out contacts that made his eyes water which he dumped into the sink. He sighed and went into the shower stall figuring that he could use it. He showered cleaning himself thoroughly then stepped out to dry himself with a towel then went to the clothes putting them on along with the shoes. He brushed his hair and then grabbed the contacts to look around the bathroom which he saw a handle in the wall figured it was the dumpster but hesitated seeing worded letters below that indicated it was a laundry chute. Sighing he walked out of the bathroom carrying the contacts and went to the bedroom doors yanking one open and walked out. 
He loudly spoke discovering his voice was back and the soreness gone “James!”
Jinks waited as James arrived which he held up the contacts while willing the Master through to speak “Dispose these for me now.” 
He saw James appear to look not surprised to see his eyes change took the contacts then the butler spoke “Anything else? You’ll find your meal in the dining room on the table.” 
He spoke “Dismissed.” 
He watched as James faded from view which he willed the Master away from him then went to the dining room to find a tray holding food like the butler said and felt himself hungry which he went to sit and gobbled up the food along with gulping up the drink. Jinks got up from the table and walked out which his feet took him to the library and once inside he closed the doors behind him and sat down in a chair leaning back. He felt sleepiness sighed figuring that Lance wanted to talk to him shut his eyes and dreamed of facing his father who had a black eyed glare with face aimed at the Meritanians who were clutching each other. He watched as Lance released his earthquake shaking power on the Meritanians who groaned in pain. He frowned as he sensed a light show off his left to see it was Ajax who grabbed his father’s hands forcing the earthquake to halt. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Ajax spoke sounding annoyed “Stop torturing the plants, Predecessor. They get your message.” 
He frowned as Lance yanked his hands from Ajax’s grip before speaking with an angry tone in his voice “Then tell the High Council to stop torturing my son using the Meritanians to do their dirty work. I’m fed up with stunts they keep pulling on my son.” 
He eyed Ajax who looked annoyed that spoke “I’m not the High Council’s keeper. What they order I obey and so does the Meritanians.” 
Jinks felt himself getting angry hearing that comment glared at Ajax as he heard Lance spoke with sarcasm “Oh really? You’ll regret saying that believe me you will.” 
Jinks glared at Ajax who looked speechless as Lance forced his son’s eyes shut which he disappeared in a flash of light. He again felt Lance’s hands on his forehead and chest making him calm along with a feeling of disgust hitting him whom he figured was from his father. 
Lance spoke “A pity that Ajax will regret his words once he figures out my reasons for the plants’ torture.” 
Jinks opened his mouth and felt his eyes forced shut woke up in the library as he eyed the doors sensing no sound coming from them. He exhaled a breath to get up figuring that he’ll read a book and went to a bookshelf to yank out books peering at the covers before putting them back. He found most of the books were appearing to be romance novels with couples in a clinch on them along with males alone wearing odd clothing on the cover barring their muscled chests which he put back feeling himself disgusted. 
He continued to find books similar to that and thought to himself “Who the depths read those books anyway?”  
He got no answer from Lance as he continued to yank out books to glare at the cover only to put them back when they appeared to be of the romance genre. He growled an annoyed tone after pulling out an uncounted romance novel which he went to another bookshelf and did the same with the books finding them appearing to look like something else other than romance novels to his relief. He eyed the books staring at them finding no interests in them when he pulled them out and with disgust running through him went to the chair and plopped himself in it sitting leaning back with arms folded. 
He grumbled mentally “Why couldn’t my mom give me a love of reading books? I would have willingly read those books just to stop being bored while isolated from things around the city.” 
He heard nothing from Lance continued to mentally speak “Argh I could have enjoyed reading books enough to spend hours in here reading them to past the time instead of sitting down sleeping too much and not doing anything but being bored.” 
Jinks heard door knocking sounds looked at the doors to see them open followed by James entering the room clearing his throat. 
He exhaled a breath as James spoke “Word is out from various sources that the government is currently in talks about awarding you a title of Emperor along with declaring you royalty and having a coronation for that.” 
Jinks groaned softly hearing that as James continued to talk “The talks is currently a debate due to sources saying that some Highlander members of the government said to be loyal to the High Council are opposing that awarding speaking on the group’s behalf. The King has said when questioned in a press conference about that situation that he’s not getting involved due to stating it’s too personal to get involved along with having beliefs that would influence his impartiality in the debate.”
He frowned as James paused to give him a look expecting him to say something which he spoke “Ok.” 
He was interrupted by Lance speaking in his mind “Your accepting the title once the government stops their argument with the Highlanders enough to say their awarding it anyway.” 
Jinks spoke out loud “I’ll take the title once the government stops their arguing and award me it. They should have a secret ballot vote to decide the matter.” 
He saw James nod his head as he continued speaking “The High Council’s opposition is from them having a dislike towards me hence they saying anything to keep me from gaining something worthy to improve my status. Also the King is right to not get involved. He’s part of the Master Organization who has members that worship me as a deity lord which his beliefs could interfere with his impartiality in the debate such as supporting the ones who want to award me the title.”
He paused to clear his throat then added “Once the title is awarded have the government hold the coronation in New York City for security reasons and that my home is here enough to keep me safe from harm and arrange it as soon as possible. I like the crowning to be done by the King himself with a crown that is up to whoever on the design.” 
He saw James nod his head as he kept talking “That’s about it, dismissed James.” 
Jinks watched as James left the room closing the doors shut. He sighed softly and eyed the doors letting his thoughts wander about the title awarding and coronation wondering how the city could arrange it for him to be crowned. 
He heard from Lance “Just don’t worry the city will do the job fine enough.”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing Lance’s comment sighed got up from the chair and left the library going to the gym room which inside he sat down doing his stretching exercises then swung himself up before doing a black belt Kata which he finished with a bow towards the doors finding them closed and not open like he left them. He felt annoyance hit him as he figured that James shut the doors when he was practicing karate and didn’t bother to spy on him from sensing nothing while doing the movements. He willed himself to calm to open the doors and walked out shutting them behind him. He wandered in the hallway to pace back and forth with his arms folded with head bowed lost in thought about what James told him and what he said to the butler. He sensed himself watched as he paced paused from walking to raise his head looking up towards the bedroom doors which he sensed the presence spying on him was behind him. Jinks turned around to sense the presence gone which he figured that it was James spying on him as he walked down the hallway intending to go to the dining room. His feet took him to the TV room which once inside he sat down on the couch rubbing a hand on his forehead. Jinks sighed feeling himself impatient with the results of the government’s debate on crowning him or not-

Nikolas cut himself off from telling the story when he sensed a light show to see Dalton appear into the room shrugging aside the Lance Richard persona and giving off his familiar bah fit again to his disgust. 
He spoke "Joke again?"
Nikolas waited as Dalton quit his bah fit followed by sitting down and snarling "Meritanians dumped me into King Winter's Kingdom where I had an interesting conversation with this Cold Lord dubbing he, King Winter. Yuck!"
Nikolas frowned as Dalton remained silent which he heard Yana speaking "Just tell the story, Daddy!"
Groaning Nikolas spoke in response "You aware of what happened while I was out asleep in some tube for too many cycles or you Earthari say it, years?"
He gave Yana a glare that appeared to gulp followed by hearing "Just tell him anyway, Veronica." He heard from Dalton sounding firm.
Nikolas kept the glare in response as Yana gulped again and then she spoke "Merra claims to me that she managed to get every single memory of Jinks' clones aka, four sons, going around as him one at a time, fully into your mind."
Nikolas gave up a sound of disgust hearing that as Yana continued talking ignoring his noises "One son was crowned Emperor, ruler of the Humans, as a joke by the High Council trying to humiliate him into serving them." He gave up another sound of disgust as she kept talking "Unfortunately the joke backfired onto the High Council which you know the rest of the story, Daddy so talk it now!"
Groaning softly Nikolas obeyed to speak the story as if compelled by the Meritanians still heard snickering in his mind. 

Jinks frowned inwardly sitting in the open carriage as the driver urged the horses to move through the streets of the city. He forced a smile on his mouth without baring his teeth while looking at the crowd on both sides of the street. He felt himself filmed ignored the sensation as he continued to look at the crowd. Some he saw were applauding but he noticed that they all appeared to be happy. He felt ridiculous in his clothes which were all black except for the cape that felt like a blanket on his back that was all white. He eyed the crowd as the carriage went through the streets of Manhattan in the city. He felt the clothes on his form which were identical to the clothing Lance Richard wore but the color was different. He sighed as the carriage reached the cathedral and waited as a footman hanging on the back of the carriage got off and opened the door which he got up and walked out hearing the crowd gathered around kept apart by barricades away from the cathedral’s steps as he walked up the steps. He flinched blinking his eyes sensing light flashing from the crowd which he figured were cameras taking pictures of him along with filming sensations. He entered the cathedral still feeling himself filmed while seeing the pews on both sides had people crowded in them which he saw were wearing fancy clothing that looked in his direction as he walked down the aisle between them in pews. He sighed again reached the front of the pews to kneel and waited as a male he recognized as Burke Richardson the Humans’ current leader in the King position walked forwards holding a crown in his gloved hands. He eyed the crown seeing it was entirely white with icicle like points with the front icicle pointing taller than the rest. He didn’t protest as the crown was placed on top of his head snuggly fitting which he heard applause from the crowd behind him. Jinks then stood up and turned around struggling not to flinch from glares of light flashing at him before walking down the aisle as the lights show continued flashing at him from both sides which continued till he reached the carriage and got inside it. He forced a smile on his face without baring his teeth as the carriage went through the city which he again heard crowd cheering noises. Jinks raised his hand and waved a few times aimed at the crowd feeling himself getting tired till the carriage reached his home building and went inside through the garage entrance. He felt the tiredness persist as the footman opened the carriage door which he got out to see James standing nearby. He fell to his knees groaning loudly as he felt the tiredness persisted before sliding to the ground feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks felt himself in his familiar bed in a sitting up position leaning back with pillows on his back as he felt his crown and all of his coronation clothes off his form and he was wearing sweatpants from the feel of it. He groaned loudly as he felt a cup rim forced on his lips which he greedily drank the contents recognizing it as strawberry milkshake till there was no more and then the cup removed. He felt a needle sticking in his left arm at the wrist frowned wondering what it was for as he felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks dreamed of Lance who hugged him which he cleared his throat as his father released him. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “The Meritanians admitted that the High Council had poison wrapped around the crown just to bring you down.” 
He recalled himself feeling tired and passing out unconscious while wearing the crown felt himself getting angry. He stiffened as he felt Lance’s hands on his forehead and chest keeping him calm which he stared at his father. 
Lance he saw opened his mouth when Ramses’ voice cut in speaking loudly “High Council, Horus is with Lance Richard at the moment so he’s not causing that.”
Jinks turned his head towards Ramses who had his head bowed as the Meritanian continued “Sorry I don’t think Horus is capable of doing that at the moment. He’s too ill from the poisoning and is too weak to use his power abilities.”
Jinks frowned seeing Ramses raised his head putting a covered by robe hand on his throat while making an expression on his face that made him think it was related to choking. 
He spoke as he heard Lance give off a growling noise “What’s going on?” 
Jinks stared at Ramses who removed his covered by robe hand from his throat to fold his arms before speaking “A volcano on one of the islands has been detected erupting. You’re not causing that which the destruction is actually caused by the planet.” 
He heard an hmm sound coming from Lance as he heard ahem sound from the Meritanians which he felt his father force him to twist his form till his front was facing the plants. 
He frowned as he heard Ajax’s voice sounding off his right “Father.” 
Jinks frowned to look at Ajax standing next to him with front facing him with arms folded. 
He heard Ajax speak “The Meritanians aren’t kidding about there being a volcano eruption. The destruction has got Humans monitoring the planet to send a boat nearby the island just for Humans dubbed scientists that are what their called obsessed with the planet to watch the eruption happen and keep a record of it.”
Jinks spoke as Ajax paused “How destructive is the volcano’s eruption to your home?”
He frowned as Ramses cut in before Ajax could speak “Actually from reading the Humans’ minds watching the volcano they think the volcano’s contents called lava its spewing is mostly going towards part of the island that is outside the Australia Atoll area and will hit the ocean the water harmlessly killing off the stuff.” 
He turned to look at Ramses who bowed his head before adding “High Council, the Humans have that idea in their minds but their not actually sure about it. Their definitely sure that the ocean water will kill off the stuff they dub lava that the volcano is spewing but will cause clouds to rise from that. They also think that the earthquakes felt is being caused by underground the volcano raising lava through the volcano’s entrance enough for it to spit it out. Their not sure how long the volcano will erupt due to that there’s another volcano on another island that’s a long distance from here that has been recorded erupting without stopping since they first discovered the island twenty cycles after the Humans’ mainland arrived to Shadan.”
He frowned as Lance abruptly forced his eyes shut which he came to hearing the sound of an alarm clock blaring. Jinks felt himself in a lying position still wearing sweatpants while on top of the bed’s blankets with his head on top of a pillow while feeling still too tired to open his eyes with an object on his forehead felt. He groaned loudly and allowed himself to continue sleeping feeling himself passing out unconscious till there was nothing. 

Jinks came too hearing a sound of an alarm clock blare its noises which he lurched up in a sitting position jerking open his eyes. He felt an object on his forehead which he placed a hand on it to feel it as a small rectangle covering most of the area and heard an excuse me spoken off his left. Jinks looked to see a Highlander wearing medical scrubs knocked aside his hand and took off the object off his forehead to bend down stuffing it in a duffle bag along with straightening his form to take off the dresser a lap top computer folding it in half and stuffed it in the bag. 
Jinks spoke “Ugh how long was I out?”
He stared at the Highlander who straightened up to speak “Two days before you were conscious enough to take in nourishment through mouth then three days before you woke up till now.” 
He frowned as he spoke recalling his forehead having an object on it “What’s with the device on my forehead anyway?”
Jinks stared at the Highlander who spoke loudly “Just to monitor you that’s all.”
He frowned forming it on his lips as the Highlander moved his hands signing which he understood the sign language “That procedure was ordered by the High Council who wanted to monitor your brain organ to see if there is any connection towards a present volcano eruption due to being aware that you caused one previously.”
Jinks nodded his head as the Highlander continued signing “The results show no connection but be warned that the High Council might later order you to stop the volcano eruption once they hear that you have recovered fully from the poisoning.” 
He sighed and again nodded his head as the Highlander added verbalizing his words “Nothing much for me to do here except tell your staff that you’re awake. I recommended that you limit your physical activity for awhile till you have completely recovered from being sick.” 
Jinks again nodded his head as the Highlander lifted up the bag and walked with him eying his movements to the bedroom doors that were ajar and walking out shutting them closed. He sighed and swung his legs off the bed then exhaled a breath feeling a weakness feeling within him. He forced himself to slowly get up from the bed to a standing position and felt himself strong enough to stand sensing he could walk which he walked to the bathroom going inside. Jinks eyed the shower stall feeling like he could use a shower which he stripped himself of the sweatpants finding himself not wearing any underwear underneath it. Sighing Jinks left the sweatpants piled on the floor and went into the shower stall as the water turned itself on once he was underneath the shower faucet. He rubbed his hands on his face feeling the griminess feeling felt on his form washed away by the water which he hunted for the shampoo and soap and began cleaning himself thoroughly then once done allowed the water to wash away the soap and shampoo’s contents. He sigh feeling the water flow down him that made him feel better. Jinks walked out of the shower stall to grab a towel off the warming rack next to the stall and dried himself thoroughly. He placed the towel back on the rack as his eyes fell on clothes folded on the sink counter along with shoes appearing to be dressy below it. He went to the clothes putting them on finding that they were his familiar clothing which he felt himself better wearing them along with putting on the shoes. He grabbed the brush and brushed his hair then lowered the brush to stare at himself in the mirror seeing that his facial skin looked pale with a tiredness look on it along with his eyes still showing an oldness look in them. Jinks placed the brush on the sink counter and walked out of the bathroom which he headed towards the bedroom doors only to pause frowning to look at the alarm clock seeing it blare the time of nine o’clock in the morning which he sighed and then went to the doors yanking them open. Jinks saw James in his familiar place looking relieved to see him by the butler’s facial expression which he without a word walked by the Builder and headed towards the dining room. Once inside he sat down feeling himself needing to sit from the weakness feeling hitting his legs which he sighed as he sat and waited as James entered the kitchen. He frowned feeling himself needing to eat by his stomach rumbling in hunger as Emma arrived carrying a tray looking relieved to see him which she set the tray down in front of him. Jinks attacked the food with his hands finding it two cooked cheese sandwiches and a mound of French fries which he gobbled up eating every single bit of food leaving nothing left. He eyed the cups three of them seeing that they all held pink liquid which he grabbed one at a time and gulped down the contents sensing that they were his familiar drink of strawberry milkshake. He exhaled a breath once done drinking to get up and felt himself much better but a weakness feeling still felt which he thought to himself to hold off the karate till the feeling wasn’t felt anymore. Jinks left the dining room going to the library which once inside he sat down in a chair only to feel a book between the cushion and the chair which he yanked out and put on the table then leaned back feeling himself needing to sleep which he shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious.

Jinks came to feel a hand shaking his shoulder which he opened his eyes to see Barry leaning over him that removed his hand and straightened up his form. 
He eyed Barry who went to the other chair to sit before speaking “Alright some things you should know. The Meritanians detected the High Council talking about poisoning you after you fell unconscious in front of people whom the plants blabbed to the Master who you know who I’m talking about, about that.”
Jinks frowned as an image of Lance Richard flashed in his mind followed by his father speaking “Barry’s referring to me as the Master.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Barry continued talking “The Master didn’t take the news very well got furious about that enough to set off his powers on the High Council. The Meritanians had to calm the Master down by sending him away which he returned and had some sort of crying breakdown in front of the plants. The Master was overheard saying the word ‘Jacinda’ over and over while having the breakdown. I think the place the Master was sent to by the Meritanians resulted in him having a meeting with a female answering to the name of Jacinda who helped him calm down from his angry rage. After that meeting the Master hasn’t done anything on the High Council while you were out unconscious.”
He frowned as Barry paused to clear his throat then continued speaking “The Master has made it clear through the Meritanians to the High Council that he’s fed up with their torture treatments towards you and is no longer tolerating that behavior anymore along with being furious with them. The Meritanians backed up the Master’s words by saying that they detected others on the mainland aware of the High Council’s treatment towards you over the years through kept thoroughly records have the same fed up view as the Master himself and their also sharing the same furious angry feelings as the Master towards the High Council. “
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke “As for that volcano its lava is causing damage to the island’s plant life including one of the farms the High Council have there for growing food. The volcano’s earthquakes is bothering the Meritanians quite a bit that their now underwater trying to rest from the earth shaking. Also the earth shaking and eruption is causing some damage to the base within the vicinity of the island that the High Council is currently busy trying to fix the damage and prevent further messes. I got to warn you that they might get desperate enough to have the Meritanians transport you to their base to order you to cease the eruption due to being aware of you having the ability whether you’re healed up or not.”
He exhaled a breath as Barry gave up a chuckle sound before continuing speaking “I doubt that the Meritanians will be willing to transport you over to the High Council due to two factors such as how bad their feeling from the earthquakes and that their having some angry view towards the High Council at the moment. I’m not sure what the angry view is but I suspect from eavesdropping on their talks that their fed up with the current High Council’s view towards you as in blaming you for the deaths of three High Council groups something the plants are furious about.”
Jinks frown hearing that as Barry spoke “I’ll be back when it’s possible.” 
He watched as Barry stood up followed by disappearing in a flash of light. Jinks exhaled a breath adjusted his position to keep himself leaning back in the chair and shut his eyes allowing himself to pass out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feel a hand shaking his shoulder which he jerked open his eyes to see James who straightened his form removing his hand.
He frowned as James spoke “It’s time for your required meal.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath got up from the chair and went to the dining room while feeling himself still feeling the weakness feeling. He sat down feeling himself relieved as James went into the kitchen which he waited as Emma arrived carrying a tray full of dishware holding food and set it down in front of him. He felt himself terribly hungry ate everything in the dishware of plate and bowl along with gulping down the drink. He sighed and got up and went to the library which he again went to his familiar chair and sat leaning back shutting his eyes allowing himself to pass out unconscious. 

He dreamed of facing Lance who hugged him then let go of him to keep a hand on his shoulder. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “Glad to see that you’re alright, Jinks-”
Jinks heard Ramses’ voice sounding irritated cut in saying “No I will not transport Horus to you. I’m in too much pain from those damn earthquakes that are bothering me way too much that I can’t do anything except scream like nuts.” 
He turned his attention towards Ramses whose head was bowed while hearing Lance give off a growling noise. He frowned seeing Ramses’ sisters make gagging motions on themselves with choking looks on their faces. 
Ramses he eyed spoke “No neither can my sisters do that. We’re all in too much pain from the earthquakes so stop asking us to do that bit. Ugh.” 
He frowned as Ramses raised his head grimacing on his face then he heard Lance speak “Aw tell the High Council that Horus mating with a healthy Human female will restore his strength enough to stop the volcano eruption. Just arrange that bit and he’ll stop the eruption.” 
Jinks heard the edge in Lance’s voice tone as he saw mirth looks on the Meritanians’ faces before Ramses spoke repeating his father’s words using the words Lance says. He felt confusion to turn his eyes towards his father who appeared to have a smirking look on his face that confused him. 
He spoke “Father, what you are up to?”
He got his eyes forced shut in response and woke up to feel a hand shaking his shoulder which he saw belonged to James looking annoyed. 
Jinks frowned as James spoke removing his hand “Some Human female is in the lobby claiming to want a baby from you as in mating from that but mind scans from guards say she has a Builder male as her mate. I’m aware of that the father of a female’s child with her having a Builder mate raises the kid with no help from the female or her mate. What do you expect me to tell the guards about this?” 
Jinks groaned recalling himself mating with a female Human that resulted in Victoria his deceased daughter and raising her himself flash in his mind. 
He spoke “Tell that female no I’m not mating with her unless she proves that she doesn’t have a Builder male as her mate who’ll dump the child she carries onto me. Now dismissed James and leave me to sleep.” 
He shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feel a hand on his shoulder shaking him which he opened his eyes to glare at James who spoke “I told the guards what to say and the female in question has given the name of Januaria Van De Leur married name Petersen and claims that she’s a descendant of you and that her husband being a Builder won’t dump the child onto you which she’ll keep after giving birth to it. The guards find that she’s telling the truth with her words on being a descendant but aren’t sure about her husband’s views due to that being not clear in her mind.”
He inhaled a breath and spoke “Tell Januaria to have her husband Mister Petersen come here and say what his views are towards this request and I’ll decide on what further action later once its determined by her husband. Dismissed James and let me sleep.” 
He shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious.

Jinks came to again feel a hand on his shoulder which he opened his eyes to glare at James only to see a male Human with blonde hair that flashed golden eyes of a Builder.
He frowned as the Builder male spoke “You’re a lot more than you seem, Emperor.” 
He opened his mouth and blinked his eyes falling backwards onto metal floor to discover himself in the High Council’s throne room and arms grabbed by Hawk head guards lifting him up. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “You will cease the volcano eruption now so do it period or else.” 
He spoke “I need visual on that volcano to stop it.” 
He again got the familiar command order from Shad followed by Ramses’ voice speaking in his mind “High Council, Lance says that Horus has to visually see the volcano to stop the eruption in order for his powers to work.” 
He frowned as he heard Onya speak “Erra transport Horus to the island where the volcano is now.” 
Jinks blinked his eyes to discover himself standing on a barren field which he saw was cooled lava and away in his eyes sight were an erupting volcano. He felt the ground shake making him stumble his footing which he straightened himself as the earth stopped. Jinks raised a hand towards the volcano and shut his eyes mentally ordering it to cease eruption. He felt his order obeyed along with a fainting feeling hitting him as he jerked open his eyes and shook his head feeling himself becoming woozy. Jinks looked down as he saw it rising to meet him and he felt himself lying on it face forward followed by hands touching his back and a metal like object placed on his forehead sticking to it then blackness arrived as he felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks dreamed of standing underneath a tree peeking through bushes’ plant fronds which he saw a beach in his eyes sight meters away with Lance was standing on it as a light flashed besides his father to show Ajax appearing looking annoyed. 
He frowned as Lance looked at Ajax who spoke “Predecessor, the Meritanians are balking the High Council’s order of transporting my father to their medical rooms. What’s going on with that?”
He frowned as Lance spoke sounding sarcastic “I don’t control the plants they control themselves and I don’t even know how they think so don’t ask me that question. By the way what’s up with transporting your father to the High Council when they should have him transported back to his home on the Humans’ mainland?”
He eyed Ajax who spoke “Actually the monitor sensor implanted in my father was cut off after the volcano was detected stopping its eruption. The High Council wants to know what’s going on with that hence they ordering the Meritanians to transport my father to them to find out what happened to him.”
He frowned recalling a piece of metal placed on his forehead just as he fainted while lying on the ground and hands touching his back that felt he stiffened to himself Human like. 
Jinks eyed Lance who spoke still sounding sarcastic “Perhaps some restless natives of the island actually Builders found your father and knocked him out unconscious and I wouldn’t be surprised that they used their voice on the plants to keep them from transporting your father to the High Council.” 
He frowned hearing that as Ajax gave up a gasp before speaking “Impossible the island is rigged with all kinds of sensors which would alert the High Council of anyone manoid on the island like what happened to my father appearing on the island which set off the alarms.” 
Jinks felt himself confused as Lance spoke “You sure that the volcano’s lava didn’t cause any damage to those sensors? Lava in case you don’t know is another form of eater but in an earth form.” 
He felt confusion go away as Ajax spoke “Actually some of those sensors are set in the air by what Humans call satellite and they detected my father appearing on the island stopping the volcano and then all of the sensors were abruptly cut off after he was seen falling to the ground appearing to faint unconscious followed by his sensor cutting itself off like I said.” 
He frowned as Lance spoke “Harrumph, you sure that the sensors were working properly when your father got on the island enough to detect others on it or in the vicinity of the island by boat?”
He formed a frown on his lip as Ajax spoke “Actually a boat was detected off the island but facing the area where the lava was flowing into the ocean and not making any movements. The sensors indicated that there was no boarding party from the boat to the island from the scientists aboard it. Also the sensors did indicate no one on the island besides my father before they were abruptly cut off which others have no success in getting the sensors back on but they got sensors in the vicinity on and there’s nothing to indicate anything.” 
Jinks frowned as he felt a hand touch his shoulder jerking him backwards followed by plant fronds appearing in view blocking his sight of Lance and Ajax which he felt himself turned to the left and stiffened facing a figure looking twin to his appearance but having all red eyes and gonoid skin clothes on the form consisted of pants and a top-

Nikolas again cut himself off while hearing snickering like laughter from the Meritanians. 
He formed a glare with the Source, involving his eyes turn all red, in control only to hear "Tell the story smarty!" sounding of Ramses' voice in his mind.
Nikolas spoke in response "Don't tell me that all red eyed twin of mine was that spirit that I was possessing people with when I was down asleep."
He glared only to hear "Bah!" from Dalton to find the male was again into his fit he figured was a hissy fit.
Nikolas glared at Dalton with the Source in control till Dalton noticed his glare appeared to gulp and cut his bah noises and then spoke "Drat. I should have realized who that figure with those eyes was. It's not you but me actually." Nikolas kept the glare in response as Dalton kept on speaking "I used to when I sleep manipulate people via some mental mind walking ability that involved me having creepy eyes and gonoid skin clothes while in a forest jungle talking to them to do things. I managed to keep that ability up when I was in a tube till the High Council figured I was doing it and forced the Meritanians to interfere keeping me from doing it. Besides I figured that Lance Richard would be you or someone else, weren't it?"
Nikolas sighed and didn't comment a response as Dalton gave him a glare which he spoke in response "Fine I was that Lance Richard but I don't remember doing anything while as him. I remember memories involving myself and his four sons but posing as Lance Richard? Nope not a thing."
Dalton, he saw gave up a sound of disgust and shrugged the Lance Richard persona in control to speak in the creepy voice tone "I recall fully of myself doing this jokey status that Lance Richard, you went through with the Meritanians advising the four sons to pose as Jinks Montreal."
Nikolas exhaled a breath to hear a loud Hmph sound to find the noise came from Yana who spoke with her eyes all black "Dalton, let Daddy tell the story as he sees fit with input from the Meritanians. So shut up. I'm trying to type this down."
He eyed Dalton with a glare that shrugged aside the Lance Richard persona and got from the male eyeing him back "Just do what Veronica says. Tell the story now."
Nikolas obeyed without protest he figured the story involved one of the four sons meeting Dalton via astral projection form, with creepy all red eyes.

Jinks frowned as the male twin of him, spoke in some guttural voice tone “The High Council isn’t fooling anyone anymore hah.” 
Jinks felt himself confused as the male continued to speak “There are others aware of what the High Council are aware of on you involving a certain volcano erupting and stopping its eruption which was confirmed by you stopping the eruption of a volcano in front of them.” 
He stiffened hearing the male’s words as the male continued to speak “Just be warned what secret on you the High Council have know on, the others will find out and they have found out the secret.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut as he heard a noise blaring which took him a moment to recognize as an alarm clock screaming its noises as he felt himself lying in bed wearing nothing but sweatpants on his form along with that the bed felt familiar as the one in the penthouse which he jerked open his eyes lurching up in a sitting position. He felt metal on his forehead and reached a hand towards it to pause when he heard a loud excuse me spoken in a male tone off his left. Jinks looked to see Human male flashing golden eyes of a Builder wearing medical scrubs while holding a one paneled computer device in his hand while having another hand touching the device. 
He stared at the Builder with confusion on his face as the male spoke again “So nice to see you awake from that fainting spell you had, Mister Montreal or should I say Horus.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing the name Horus as the male nodded his head before continuing “What do you know of volcano eruptions starting and ceasing around the planet or the Australia Atoll area?”
He stiffened further as the male nodded his head and then continued to add “The High Council thinks their smart keeping secrets about you to themselves. Too bad we’ll find out whatever secret they know and a pity to them for keeping their mouths shut for we’ll always find out period.”
Jinks spoke as the male paused “How did you find out about what the High Council knows on me?”
He stared at the male who spoke “Never trust Highlanders. You never know when one will be in the mood to be blabby about things especially when motivated to talk.” 
He stiffened as the male’s eyes flashed golden which he figured to himself that the Builders used their voices on Highlanders to talk what they know on the High Council hence they aware of what secrets on him by the male’s words.
He groaned softly from the thought and spoke “Ugh what else did you find out about me?”
Jinks stared at the male who narrowed his eyes and spoke “Just very clear details enough to make a computer break down from too much information downloaded into it.” 
He frowned at the metaphor the male used involving a computer which he spoke “Last thing I remember was fainting on some island and feeling myself not alone just before I passed out. Didn’t the High Council have some sensor aimed at me on the island or something aimed at the island?”
Jinks formed a frown on his lips as the male gave off a chuckle sound before speaking “The High Council forgot that computers are machines that can be fooled if programmed the proper instructions. By the way who do you think invented those computer sensors of theirs?”
Jinks stiffened gasping as the male pointed a finger at his eyes flashing them golden before putting his pointing finger back on the device held by his other hand. 
He stared at the male with widen eyes as the Builder spoke “The High Council forgot that all of the technological computer inventions around Shadan were created by Builders including their own computers. Those computers I should tell you were easily downloadable including files on you that they kept without bothering to realize that there are people called Hackers able to get into them. What a pity to the High Council for not being that smart with things.” 
Jinks stiffened to give up a gasp sound followed by a headache as Ramses’ voice sounded in his mind “No I’m not transporting Horus to you and neither will my sisters do that. He’s alive but his sensor must have deactivated itself hence you not detecting him on the island.”
Jinks frowned seeing a glare form on the male’s face followed by eyes turning golden which he figured that the Builder was hearing Ramses’ talk. 
He again heard Ramses speak “No uh Horus can take care of himself. Doesn’t need your help High Council so stop asking me that transportation request.”
He frowned as Ramses paused followed by speaking “Darn it! Your right a Builder ordered me to transport Horus to them after he knocked himself out ceasing the eruption hence his sensor stopping its noises. That Builder in question ordered me to not to transport Horus to you which I’m still trying to find out the real reason despite Builders ordering me and my sisters not to scan them.” 
He sighed as Ramses paused followed by speaking again “Don’t even think of using Barry on us! He won’t go for the order instead he’ll use his voice to cause damage around here. He doesn’t like you too well and hates your views towards Horus but he’s around here somewhere currently causing some damage among the restless natives by his talking.”
Jinks frowned as Ramses paused followed by the Meritanian speaking again “Oh Barry’s not using his voice talent but his words instead that is what I’m talking about. From mind scans he’s making the natives see you as nothing worth following due to you having that view towards Horus which he is using as an example for all the trouble caused around here. I should warn you that some of the restless natives are a little annoyed with Barry due to his talking enough to want to have us transport him elsewhere and off the home base and out of their sight.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath as Ramses paused followed by the headache stopping which he looked at the nurse he assumed standing next to the bed that stopped flaring golden eyes and glaring look on his face. 
He spoke “Barry? What’s he to Builders anyway?”
Jinks stared at the nurse who spoke “Actually revere like among Builders. He’s considered one of the first groups of Builders created by Edenia our creator deity.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing that as he spoke “Uh Barry is already aware of me from being told of that along with him being aware of my special abilities and teaching me how to use them when he was around from time to time.”
Jinks frowned as the nurse narrowed his eyes staring at him which the male spoke “Interesting. Just to let you know that the first recorded sighting of Barry on Shadan was when there was a continent island dubbed Great Britain before waters arrived and made it into several islands.”
Jinks spoke “I heard of that island but I don’t know about Barry living there.”
He got a communication from Lance saying “I saw Barry way too many times when I had a body but never talked to him or him talking to me. I suspected that he was spying on me from hearing him asking way too many personal questions about me to the natives.”
Jinks frowned as Lance stopped talking as he heard the nurse speak “Hmm this seems interesting. Care to explain what was going on with you and the Master talking to you?”
Jinks stiffened hearing the nurse’s words as he stared at the Builder with a narrowed eyed look to see the male was serious by the expression on his face. 
Jinks spoke “What makes you think the Master was talking to me when I’m the Master?”
He stared at the nurse who spoke “Its common knowledge among Builders that the Master communicates to you and it doesn’t matter when you’re awake or asleep.”
Jinks felt himself gaping at the nurse dropping his mouth staring at him. 
The nurse spoke “That thought started too many years ago by some Builder thinking that the Master communicates through you and it’s become popular among Builders but we haven’t said anything to the other races about it. Just kept our mouths shut about it due to too many people thinking of you being the Master instead of just a vessel.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath which he spoke “Oh the Master was just mentioning something about seeing Barry around but mentioned that he thinks Barry was spying on him from hearing him asking too many personal questions about him from the natives.” 
He frowned as the nurse spoke “Interesting except that Barry wasn’t really spying on the Master. He according to our records was asking people what they know about the Master just to see what they learned about him being around them.”
He recalled a confession by Lance in his mind spoke “Oh the Master admitted to killing off a female who used him and got the natives at the castle angry at him for that. They stuck him outside the castle and tied him to some pole then-“
The nurse interrupted “Tried to burn him but some rainstorm arrived and prevented that which they left him there and he later got sick from it. I heard that story.” 
Jinks sighed and spoke “Another thing is the Master admitted that after the people freed him and he got well they started seeing him as some deity lord while balking to give an explanation despite him asking them. What’s up with that behavior change?”
He stared at the nurse who gave a chuckle sound and spoke “Back then rainstorms were associated with death due to people dying from being caught in them after getting sick. The people’s behavior change I suspect must have something to do with the Master surviving the sickness from the rainstorm enough to make people think he was some deity due to how well he healed from being sick. I also suspect that his sickness didn’t last that long and that someone answering to the name of Jacinda was recorded the one who spread the deity worshipping behavior among the castle natives which got popular among them after the Master got healed from his sickness.” 
Jinks got a communication from Lance speaking “Drat I should have suspected her of doing that due to how she kept changing the subject whenever I brought up the natives’ worshipping me behavior.”
He exhaled a breath as the nurse spoke “What did the Master say to you?”
Jinks sighed and spoke “Just regret that he didn’t suspect Jacinda of spreading the worshipping behavior among the natives due to her conversing with him.”
He paused to clear his throat then added “Um what am I supposed to be doing besides being in bed with this thing on my forehead?”
Jinks stared at the nurse who spoke “Just sleep you need it. The poisoning and stopping the volcano brought a lot out of you. Besides waking you up was just checking up on you and how your feeling that’s all so go to sleep.” 
He exhaled a breath to lie down without protest finding himself tired and having a weakness feeling running through him. 
He spoke “Don’t tell me that device on my forehead kills off the tracking signal emanating from the device in my skull.” 
He eyed the nurse who nodded his head and spoke “Just something to keep the High Council off of you and out of their hands till we determine that you’re strong enough to face and handle whatever trick they throw at you.”
Jinks exhaled a breath and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the sound of an alarm blaring in his ear which he ignored only to feel a fist connect with his face jerking his eyes open to discover himself standing with wrists chained above him while underneath a spotlight. He frowned raising his head as the fist redrawn which he saw belonged to an overweight masked Highlander that walked out of the spotlight. He felt himself strong without any weakness feeling running through him and frowned realizing that he was back in the High Council’s hands.
Jinks heard a voice speaking sounding electronic like a computer in a male tone “Good your up and awake. We can begin the interrogation now.” 
He clamped his mouth shut hearing that to discover he was still wearing his sweatpants but the device was gone from his forehead. 
Jinks again heard the voice speak “Care to explain how you got off the island without our sensors detecting your location change?”
He spoke “All I know is fainting after I ceased the volcano’s eruption.”
He felt a zapping pain on his back that made him grimace and grunt loudly. 
Jinks exhaled breaths through his mouth from the pain as the voice spoke “Liar, you know something we don’t so spill it now!”
Jinks spoke “Like what?”
He again grimaced and grunted as he felt zapping pain hit him on the back followed by the voice speaking “Your hiding something so talk!”
He narrowed his eyes and spoke “What makes you think I’m hiding something?”
He again got the zapping pain in his back that made him feel angry as the pain went through him. 
He heard “There’s no way you could have gotten medical help after fainting which we didn’t detect but our sensors went out for a period of time after that which proves someone boarded the island and helped you. Also our sensors detected you back in your quarters on the mainland which proves that someone helped get you there due to that the Meritanians were strictly ordered not to take transportation orders. So spill it, who helped you?”
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth as he got a communication from Lance speaking “They already know who did it and want confirmation from you.” 
He spoke “You already know who did it so why should I say it?”
He again felt the zapping pain on his back that made him get angrier enough to feel furious running through him. 
He narrowed his eyes in a glare as the voice shouted “Confirm or deny that the Builders helped you!”
Jinks spoke “Why should I answer that statement when you already know the answer?”
He felt the zapping pain in his back enough to make him feel like a rage episode arrive which he allowed the feeling to take control putting him out. 

Jinks came to feel himself lying on a mattress on his side curled in a ball feeling himself calm and not angry while hearing a voice speaking “Wake up, Jinks will you? Come on wake up.” 
He jerked his head up opening his eyes to stare at a familiar barred gated wall and behind it was Barry looking annoyed who spoke “About time you woke up. I’ve been trying to wake you up for a bit.” 
Jinks sat up crossed legged discovering himself in one of the High Council’s jail cells as he stared at Barry who added “Alright just to let you know that there’s a war going on between the High Council and the Builders on the mainland.”
Jinks frowned as Barry continued to talk “This war started back when this Human God status started and both sides have been doing things to spite each other and that includes doing things to you just to get the other side mad about that.” 
He frown further hearing Barry’s words as Barry kept talking “This status of having you declared Emperor was just something invented by a Builder doing it to spite the High Council due to being aware of their view towards you.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Barry’s words as the Builder paused from talking to nod his head followed by again speaking “I should warn you that the Meritanians are caught in the cross fire of this war due to both sides ordering them to do transportations with the Builders doing it by voice and them obeying orders by the High Council.”
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth as Barry kept talking “I heard from my conversing among the natives around here and on the mainland that the implants you were given to track your location were the only thing both sides of this war agreed on due to both doing things to you. Also the Meritanians dumped you in this jail cell after detecting you having a tantrum which the High Council has not done anything about that just said to keep you contained and didn’t say how long.”
Jinks rubbed a hand on his forehead as Barry paused to clear his throat and then added “I should tell you that the High Council hasn’t ordered my access to things around here be restricted yet. I’ve been taking a look around taking the way of the area and I’ve seen some interesting things unstopped with no protest from the natives around here who have been very forthcoming with my questions. I’m not sure why this has been allowed but I suspect me being part Builder isn’t that reason but something else.” 
Jinks lowered his hand as he spoke as Barry paused “I heard from a Builder that you’re revered among Builders and was one of the first groups of Builders created by their deity lord named Edenia. I bet that might explain things around here.” 
He frowned seeing Barry’s eyes narrow with a glaring stare that told him that the Builder wanted him to say more. 
Jinks inhaled a breath and spoke “Alright, Barry, I fainted stopping a volcano eruption but felt something like hands on my back and some device placed on my forehead before I passed out satisfied?”
He saw Barry’s stare become more glaring which he continued speaking in a groaning tone “I’m told that the Builders know what the High Council knows on me and that they were the ones who invented all computer devices on Shadan. Hence they are able to fool the computer sensors in saying just me on the island along with getting into files said about me.” 
He paused as a figure walked into view which he saw was a High Council member and his senses blared telling him that it was Ajax who paused to stand next to Barry. 
He heard Ajax speak “Anubis, escort Barry out of here now.”
Jinks eyed Barry who didn’t look happy by the expression on the Builder’s face as Anubis and Hawk head guards appeared with whining squeals sounds. He watched as the Hawk head guards grabbed Barry’s arms and hauled him with Anubis taking the lead out of sight. 
Jinks spoke with sarcasm “Nice trick, Ajax. Using Barry to get me to admit what I know about the Builders in the High Council’s war with them.”
He heard Ajax speak “Actually the High Council ordered the Meritanians to dump Barry in the ocean in King Winter’s Kingdom followed by returning him here and not receiving anything from being wet from the water, if he didn’t get you to talk.” 
He folded his arms forming a glare on his face as Ajax kept talking “Barry’s not kidding on what he said to you about there being a war between the High Council and Builders. Both sides have been recorded doing things to you just to spite each other like what Barry said. He wasn’t kidding about the Emperor position being a spiteful thing invented by a Builder to humiliate the High Council.” 
He gave off a harrumph sound as Ajax paused from talking then added “Oh one thing I’m surprised about is the Builders are aware that the High Council has Barry and that they haven’t done a thing about freeing him from here despite their revere like behavior towards that Builder.”
Jinks shrugged as he got a communication from Lance speaking “I suspect that the Builders want Barry safe from this war hence they letting the High Council have him who’ll keep him alive due to finding him useful.”
He kept the glare on his face aimed at Ajax who spoke “What did Predecessor say to you?”
He gave up a disgust sound very loudly and spoke “Don’t tell me you can detect him talking to me like the Builders said they could do.” 
He glared at Ajax who spoke “Actually that’s from one of my senses telling me that Predecessor is talking to you whom the High Council with the Meritanians’ help identified after I complained about having it whenever I’m in your presence. What did Predecessor say anyway?”
Jinks spoke with sarcasm “He thinks the Builders dumped Barry onto the High Council to keep him out of their war with them. You care to explain Barry saying that he has unlimited access around here including natives being forthcoming with their answers to his questions?”
He heard Ajax speak “Actually the unlimited access is due to High Council orders. They order him to go to a place somewhere on the base for getting information from him on that place along with him telling people who work there what else they should be doing on it due to their limited knowledge of the equipment. That’s what Barry meant unlimited access due to that the High Council is aware that the Builders invented all of the computers and its programming on the base and was using him for information on the equipment.”
Jinks gave up a disgust sound hearing that as Ajax continued speaking “Also Barry’s not kidding about the Meritanians being caught in the cross fire of both sides of this war. The Meritanians have complained about doing transporting under Builder voice orders including doing forced mind walking on people by them and forced to say what the person’s mind contents are.”
He exhaled a breath and spoke as Ajax paused “You want to explain why the Builders haven’t bothered to order me back to my home yet?”
He blinked his eyes as the scene changed to find himself sitting on the floor of the gym room with James standing in the doorway flaring golden eyes and looking furiously angry. 
Jinks unfolded his arms and swung himself up with a karate move and spoke “How long was I out of this place before someone figured to get me here?”
He frowned as James spoke in a furious voice tone “The nurse told me to leave you alone for two days which on the third day you didn’t come out so I went to check and found you gone. I also checked elsewhere in the penthouse and used tracking beacons to say your location which said Australia Atoll. I’m not pleased that the High Council won’t stop ordering the Meritanians to transport you to them. I’m getting fed up with the torture the High Council won’t stop pulling on you and I’m tempted to order the Meritanians to transport those stinking Highlanders into the ocean in King Winter’s Kingdom and see how they like it having torture done on them growl.”
Jinks exhaled a breath as he heard Ramses’ voice speaking in his mind “Yes it was a Builder who ordered us to transport Horus out. Sorry the Builders are thinking of something suspicious to do towards you and we’re busy trying to find out what it is actually.”
He felt the headache stop as James cleared his throat before speaking “I suggest you go get dressed and do something about those dirty marks on your arms and chest.” 
Jinks looked at his right arm to see streaks of black dirt on them which he figured that James wasn’t kidding about that. He exhaled a breath to nod his head and walked out of the gym room only to blink his eyes finding himself back in the High Council’s jail cell. 
He heard Ramses’ voice yelling “Calm down will ya?! They want to talk to him that’s all! So stop blowing your top and keep calm! He’ll return once their done talking!”
He felt the headache stop which he looked towards the cell entrance to see a familiar High Council member his senses told was Ajax.
He spoke “Alright what else did you want to say to me, Ajax?”
Jinks glared at Ajax who spoke “Nothing just spiting the Builders that’s all.”
He felt himself get furiously angry willed the Master through to speak “I’m not a toy for you to play with so cut this behavior now!”
He growled angrily as Ajax spoke “Sorry father but I was following the High Council’s orders who’ll do anything to humiliate the Builders including using you for that.” 
He felt his anger take control as he heard the sarcasm in Ajax’s voice felt a rage episode arrive within him allowed the emotion to take control putting him out. 

Jinks came to find himself in a calm mood with the Master roaring in the back of his mind and not in control while lying on the mattress of the cell which he opened his eyes jerking up his head as he heard a throat clearing noise sounding loudly. 
He looked at the cell entrance to see Barry standing there behind the bars looking annoyed who spoke “One advantage the Meritanians can’t do however Builders use their voices on them to transport is transporting you whenever you have a rage episode. They can’t do that order period due to that both sides agreed that its best to keep you contained whenever you have a rage episode. That’s from experience of both sides suffering injuries from you having rage episodes targeting them and not caring who they are.”
Jinks exhaled a breath to sit up crossed legged as Barry spoke loudly “Meritanians transport Horus now that he’s calmer.” 
He blinked his eyes to discover himself in his bedroom with night vision running in his eyes sight. He got up and glared at the alarm clock seeing it blare nine o’clock at night which he figured he might as well go shower which he entered the bathroom. 

Jinks walked out dressed in pajama pants fresh from showering. He sighed feeling himself much better from the shower as he went to the bed and yanked back the blankets. He got in bed on his left side and pulled the blankets over his head shutting his eyes allowing himself to sleep. Jinks dreamed of Lance who appeared annoyed. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “This use of using you as a toy in this war is getting ridiculously annoying.” 
He stared at Lance who appeared to be glaring at the Meritanians before his father continued speaking “Also the Builders are fed up with that toy thing but the High Council won’t stop pulling torturous things on you hence they playing this game using you.”
Jinks felt himself disgusted hearing that figured the emotion was from Lance who looked at him before adding “I told the Meritanians to lay off transporting you to the High Council due to the Builders fed up with the toy joke.”
He frown hearing that as he got Ramses’ familiar question which he felt his eyes forced shut and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blaring in his ear jerked open his eyes and lurched up in a sitting position to discover himself still in the penthouse in his bedroom. He sighed loudly got up from the bed and went into the bathroom to find clothes for him sitting on the sink counter which he exchanged from the pajamas. He sighed feeling himself better putting on the clothes left the bathroom after brushing his hair and went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to find James in his familiar spot giving him a what do you want look on his face. He exhaled a breath to walk to the dining room to sit and waited as Emma came out carrying a tray and set it down in front of him which he found himself terribly hungry ate every food on his plate and drank down the drink. He sighed and got up walking out of the dining room and went to the library and went inside to sit in a chair which he felt no book between the cushion and chair as he leaned back. Jinks breathed deeply allowed his thoughts to wander in his mind.
He growled annoyance when he heard Ramses’ voice sounding in his mind “No I’m not transporting Horus to you. No uh the Builders voice ordered us not to transport him to you. Oh by the way there’s a Builder detected that is quite annoyed about us transporting Horus to you enough to think of voice ordering us to have all of you dumped in the ocean in King Winter’s Kingdom and make sure that only Highlander controlled boats pick you up.” 
He leaned forwards to place his elbows on his thighs clasping his hands putting his forehead on them as Ramses paused from talking while sensing the Meritanian was still transmitting his talk to him by the headache felt. 
He mentally yelled “Ramses! What will get the High Council and the Builders to stop fighting each other and using me, you and your sisters in this war of theirs?!”
Jinks heard an uh huh sound from Ramses sensing that the Meritanian had heard his words and was acknowledging them by the sounds he made. 
He felt annoyance as Ramses spoke sounding annoyed “Don’t even think of using Barry on us. He’s been thinking of that same thought the other Builder was thinking of doing to you that I warned you about. Oh he’s aware of things going around here and on the mainland involving Horus that have him furiously angry enough to get involved such as him thinking of that dumping you in the ocean in King Winter’s Kingdom thought as the other Builder was thinking.”
Jinks heard silence from Ramses but sensed the headache still felt which he again heard the Meritanian speak “Ugh High Council, I discovered one other detail about Barry is that he like you can hear us talk from anywhere on the home base and that’s from mind scanning him.”
He widen his eyes hearing that and felt sleepiness hitting him figured that Lance wanted to talk to him face to face so he leaned back in the chair and shut his eyes. Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who looked annoyed by the facial expression with arms folded. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “The only reason I can tell so far that the High Council is leaving Barry alive is from detecting parts of Highlander species in him. That’s from him admitting it to me in a communiqué conversation when he was asleep. Also the High Council being Highlanders themselves have some interest in people who have that species in them despite not being one wholly enough to keep them alive for their sinister purposes whatever that is.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Lance’s words as his father continued speaking “I suspect the Highlander species parts detected in you is why the High Council have been balking on killing you despite wanting that to happen. They could have ordered the Meritanians to transport you to their home base while you were out asleep in some tube during your ten years in it and used whatever method found to kill you off but they didn’t do it.”
He opened his mouth to hear Ramses speaking loudly “Actually Lance Richard is free at the moment. You want me to say to him what you wanted to tell him?”
Jinks saw Lance’s eyes turn all black followed by an angry look on his father’s face which he grimaced and turned to look at the Meritanians to see Ramses with head bowed and his sisters making grimaces on their faces while appearing to look at Lance. 
Jinks shifted turning his front to face the Meritanians eying Ramses who raised his head and made grimace on his face before speaking “Ugh you’ll receive a visitor, Lance Richard.”
Jinks frowned as a light flashed off his right which he looked to see Ajax with arms folded looking annoyed on his face standing there. 
He stared at Ajax who spoke “Predecessor, the High Council wants to know if you can use your influence on the Builders to get them to cancel the order of not transporting my father to them.” 
He heard Lance speak with sarcasm “Any particular reason for that order when all you High Council members do is torture my son with various pain methods and make him suffer something I don’t like seeing happen?”
Jinks stiffened feeling disgust hitting him as he realized was coming from Lance which he kept his eyes on Ajax who appeared to form a big frown on his face. 
He kept his mouth shut as he heard Ramses speaking “Lance Richard wants to know what’s up with the order of using his influence on Builders to get them to cancel their no transporting Horus to you order.” 
He shifted his attention towards Ramses who’s head was again bowed before raising it up and speaking “Actually, Lance Richard, that order was due to wanting to do further tests on Horus from hearing him admit that the Builders can detect you talking to him when he’s awake something Ajax can do with his own senses.” 
Jinks shifted his eyes towards Lance who still had the all black eyed glare on his face as his father spoke with sarcasm “Why don’t you ask Barry the answer to that question? He’s one of them Builders and he should know the answer so ask him.” 
Jinks stiffened again feeling disgust hit him as he looked at Ramses who bowed his head and spoke “Lance Richard says to ask Barry for the answer to that question due to that he’s a Builder himself and he should know how his species detected him talking to Horus.” 
He frowned as the disgust feeling left him which he saw Ramses raise his head and heard Ajax speak “Drat I fell asleep for this right in the middle of something important.” 
He heard Ramses speak “Oh just make Ajax wake up will you?”
Jinks frowned hearing the sarcasm in Ramses’ voice tone looked at Ajax and reached with a hand and forced his son’s eyes shut. 
He saw Ajax disappear in a flash of light then turned to look at Ramses who spoke “I don’t know what’s with manoids using that word love for mating anyway? Harrumph.” 
Jinks heard Lance speak “Don’t tell me that Ajax was doing some mating with some female when you put him to sleep.”
He again felt disgust as he kept his eyes on Ramses who spoke “Actually a certain talking manoid terror Human like Highlander hybrid age two was banging his fists on his father’s face due to whining about wanting to eat food before his father abruptly fell asleep on him. The terror is still whining and is still hitting his father who’s up and awake doing what little fists demanded. It’s a pity that I don’t have to put up with that bit.” 
Jinks heard snickering sounds from Lance which he looked at his father to see him having Human blue eyes with a smirk look on his face. 
He spoke “Father, how many offspring does Ajax have anyway and what’s with him raising one of them?”
Jinks stared at Lance who cut his snickering and looked at him before speaking “Actually the High Council since they came to position ten years ago had him breed with the same female, a Highlander, five times at two year periods resulting in three males and two females all inherited the power abilities as he did. The two year old terror Ramses is referring to is his youngest child a son who has shown interests in being attached to his father and not interested in females rearing him. The little terror has been getting his father to do things he’s demanded and has demonstrated his power abilities on his father when he’s orders are refused.”
Jinks frowned as Lance gave up snickering sounds with a smirk again on his father’s face which he spoke realizing something “You had something to do with that kid being demanding towards his father did you?” 
He stared at Lance who cut the smirk off his face along with the snickering sounds followed by his father speaking with annoyance in his voice tone “Just teaching Ajax a lesson using parenthood to get him to understand how I feel towards you. That lesson should be enough to get him to realize how I’m feeling when the High Council has you in their clutches including doing torture on you which I detest having that happen.”
He stiffened as Lance gave up snickering sounds which he spoke “I doubt that Ajax will know how you feel due to his son controlling him.” 
Jinks frowned as Lance’s eyes turned all black followed by being gagged on the throat from his father’s hand on it as Lance spoke “You think you’re so smart about parenthood aren’t you Jinks? You forgot about when you raised your own son so remember it period and you’ll get it what Ajax is going through.” 
Jinks stiffened as he recalled memories of Robert age two acting very demanding on getting things and using his power abilities when refused and being very attached to him flashing in his mind as Lance stopped gagging him. He rubbed a hand on his throat as Lance he saw glared at him with an all black eyed glare as he recalled Robert after turning three years old abruptly cut the demanding behavior but still was attached to him an attachment that lasted till his son turned thirteen. 
He spoke “Ugh Ajax’s son is just going through a phase which he’ll outgrow once he ages a bit.” 
He groaned as Lance spoke “That’s what I told Ajax after he complained to me about his son’s behavior which I did tell him about you going through it with your own male offspring. The Meritanians backed that up by saying that they detected your offspring, Robert going though that phase at age two which stopped once he reached age three along with an attachment towards his father, you that stopped once he turned thirteen.”
Jinks heard Ramses speak his familiar question felt his eyes forced shut woke up lurching up in the chair to hear a knocking sound on the closed doors which he eyed to see them open followed by James entering the room clearing his throat. 
Jinks looked at the butler questioning who spoke “There’s a meeting in one of the meeting rooms and your presence is required to be there which I’m to take you to.”
He exhaled a breath got up and walked to the elevator sensing James following him which he went inside and watched as the butler pressed a numbered button. He felt the elevator move going to its destination followed by stopping with doors opening showing a familiar hallway. He frowned to follow James out passed closed double doors in walls on both sides of the room then going to another hallway on the left after reaching an end of a hallway which he followed till the butler who stopped at a set of double doors knocking on them three times before opening one of the doors gesturing for him to go inside. Jinks walked inside the room hearing the door slam behind him to frown seeing males and females about eight of them total wearing business suit attire gathered around a table that all looked at him with eyes flashing golden telling him that they were Builders before looking back at the middle of the table. He saw a hologram of Australia Atoll and saw two of the Builders a male and a female were sitting at the table with lap tops in front of them on the table while furiously typing as others were standing around appearing to eye both the hologram and the typing Builders. 
Jinks frowned as one of the Builders a male looked his way and spoke loudly “Shall I proceed as planned?”
He continued to frown as another Builder a male spoke “He’ll find out anyway from the Master telling him along with how blabby the Meritanians are.” 
Jinks felt his suspiciousness arrive hitting him as the first male Builder spoke still looking at him “Jinks Montreal, what do you know of the current High Council and their manipulations?”
He spoke “Just that they have some negative view towards me and is torturing me to spite you, Builders due to having a war with your kind.” 
He folded his arms as the same Builder spoke “You know person named Ajax?”
He exhaled a breath hearing the name spoke “Offspring fathered by me.”
He heard from the Builder “And?” 
Jinks sighed and spoke “I should tell you that the Master has influenced one of Ajax’s offspring a male to attach to Ajax himself just to get my son to know how the Master feels towards me due to that he sees me as his son.”
He clamped his mouth shut as the Builder gave up a loud hmm sound before the male spoke “Who’s Victoria and why do files say she’s your offspring?”
He felt the familiar hurt feeling hitting him spoke “She was my daughter who came to exist after I sort of raped a female Human who had a male Builder as her mate. The Builder in question had beliefs that the father of offspring through the female of a Builder mate raises the child without any help from the female or her mate.”
He paused to sigh and then continued to speak “Ten years ago someone had her assassinated due to some feud with me who I’m still upset about it.” 
He groaned a soft sound as the male narrowed his eyes followed by speaking “That is odd that you were told that Victoria passed away. According to computer files unaltered from tests say that the Meritanians transported Victoria to the High Council’s home base and she was put in some suspended animated sleep and is still in that position at the moment. Files say some mannequin dummy head was made to look like her head and facial appearance for this person named Montoya Ramos to show to you just to make you think that she was dead.”
Jinks felt himself go into shock hearing the Builder’s words widen his eyes with the emotion running through him. He felt himself become weak and woozy bent down mouth breathing hard gasping for air while putting hands on his thighs struggling to breathe which he found himself gagging loudly. Jinks felt a hand on his back patting him and a female voice urging him to breathe through his nose and calm down which he shut his eyes and clamped his mouth shut following the order of nose breathing. He willed his mediation techniques forward to breathe through his nose and felt himself calming down from the shocking feeling hitting him. Jinks sighed once calm to open his eyes and straighten up his form as the feminine hand left his back to see a female next to him looking at him with scrutiny looks. 
He sighed again and spoke sounding annoyed “What the depths was the High Council thinking of letting me think that Victoria was dead?”
Jinks folded his arms forming a glare on his face as the familiar male Builder spoke “From files very clear detailed is that the High Council were planning on using her for breeding offspring to be raised as soldiers in war which they have yet to put this in fruition. The file detailed that idea started when your offspring Ajax was observed having inherited your power abilities. The High Council figured out that your power abilities could be passed to offspring.”
Jinks narrowed his eyes as the male continued talking “There’s file records of Ajax fathering offspring who have observed to have inherited power abilities but aren’t that strong as their father or strong as you are from tests as they are being raised growing up. The files say that the off springs’ power abilities in question are strong enough to bring down a manoid in a physical combat fight enough to knock them out and then deliver the killing blow if their trained to do assassination.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as the male continued to speak “The High Council ordered Robert your son assassinated but the Meritanians interfered transporting him to their base which this servant answering to the name of Anubis knocked him out. Robert in question according to files is in suspended animation sleep with plans of using him to breed offspring through females all Highlanders by implantation. This hasn’t been done yet due to the High Council focused on Ajax at the moment.” 
He felt himself annoyed hearing the Builder’s words that paused from talking which he spoke “Ugh more manipulating by the High Council.”
He saw the Builder’s eyes narrow which he added “One of them admitted to me that the High Council have been manipulating me and my life since it was apparent I fathered a male offspring through a Highlander female and that was years ago.”
Jinks saw the Builder nod his head before speaking “We’re aware of that from files clearly detailed saying that including one interesting thing I think you should know. There’s a file that said that the High Council set assassins against you to knock you out and had the Meritanians transport you to their base to some travel gate that can transport people backwards through time which you landed in Great Britain years before the flood. The files say that the current High Council at that time ordered you to get the Highlanders led by a Highlander and not by human female which you succeeded then one of their ships destroyed you entirely vaporizing your body. The file also said that a descendant of you found a body form of the Master from seeing you gesturing him to go into a cave and had it preserved somewhere in New York City till the body came to life with you in it. You care to explain this?”
Jinks stiffened hearing the Builder’s words mentally thought to himself “Father, what I say to them about this?”
He heard nothing from Lance frowned as his senses blared warning telling him that the Builders were up to something. 
He spoke “I guess me coming back from the dead in another body must be something the Master planned on but I don’t know much about his reasons for that.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut as he saw the Builder’s eyes flare golden before the male spoke “Files indicate that there was a real Lance Richard who disappeared before the floods hit Great Britain. Also there are records of Lance Richard fathering three children who lived longer than normal life spans back then before being wiped out.”
Jinks felt himself not surprised hearing the Builder’s words which he figured that the Highlanders’ files were very clear detailed as the male continued talking “There are also records that you fathered twins through a Human female who passed away said to be killed off by Lance Richard. The twins in question had descendants that lived till the flood arrived and the records said one of them found a travel gate went through it and arrived in Earth. The descendant called Roosevelt Knight started the Master Organization along with finding Lance Richard’s body and he went around saying that he had some sexual transmitted disease really that he couldn’t father children through mating or implantation means.”
Jinks exhaled a breath as the Builder kept talking “Files indicated that a part of the body of Lance Richard was taken out and put in a deaf Human female who had some power abilities and a son was created which would be you wouldn’t it?”
He kept his mouth shut frowning inwardly wondering about his mother having power abilities due to recalling her not displaying them to him as the Builder continued talking “I say that the Master has a certain fondness towards children especially his own offspring hence they living longer than normal life spans in Great Britain before being killed off. Also explains why your living alive in the Master’s body due to some fondness of wanting to keep you alive wouldn’t that be the case hmm?”
Jinks spoke “Ugh fine true on what you said. I’m the Master’s son. Anything else you want to know from me besides that?”
He stared at the Builder who stopped flaring golden eyes that spoke “The files on you are very clear detailed starting with your birth through a deaf Human female Lizette O’Neil Richardson who was said to have some sort of eye changing ability which she through past medical records was actually a Builder due to that.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath though his mouth as he thought to himself thinking “So that’s where the power ability dubbed Darkness comes from. It came from her.” 
He frowned as the Builder kept talking “She was married to a male named Burke Richardson who was actually another form of Builder called Destroyer that came back from the dead and is currently living as the Humans’ leader.” 
He nodded his head as the Builder spoke “You don’t seem surprised to hear this.”
Jinks spoke “I was informed of this by the Master. I also was informed that Lizette and Burke had an argument on how to raise me which my mother hid me from him raising me without informing me of the Master Organization or Lance Richard. I had to find out through Roosevelt Knight and others about the Master Organization and Lance Richard himself.”
He paused as he saw that the Builder didn’t look surprised to hear his words which he added “Don’t the files say anything about why my mother hid the Master Organization and Lance Richard from me?”
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as the Builder spoke “The files detail that she wanted you raised without influence in the Master Organization hence she kept it from you. The date she was assassinated was when she was planning on informing you of the Master Organization and Lance Richard including taking control of it from this fool named Simon Idaho who was turning out to be a scam artist that was later assassinated off by the army on Table members’ orders. The reason why the army followed through with the order is seeing your eyes changes color in front of them something they haven’t seen with Simon Idaho which was enough to kill off that fool with their gun weapons.”
Jinks frowned hearing the Builder’s words recalling the memory in his mind as the male paused to give him a narrowed eyed look. Jinks recalled his children around the time of when he competed in tournaments in karate. 
He spoke “You know anything about three children of mine answering to the names of Michael, Lance and Lizette?”
He frowned as the Builder spoke “The files are very clear detailed on those three. The High Council kept very clear detailed files on you including people involved in your life and other information about the Master Organization.”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth as he spoke recalling something in his mind “One of those children Michael disappeared soon after being introduced to me at a karate tournament. The Master said cryptically that Michael is doing fine and wouldn’t further explain his remark and has put off the subject whenever I bring it up. Would the High Council have anything to do with that disappearance?”
Jinks frowned as the Builder narrowed his eyes before speaking in gibberish gesturing his head towards a female Builder standing next to the male which he figured was foreign language which continued sounding from another typing at the lap top loudly. He frowned further as the foreign language continued sounding among Builders in the room before it stopping with typing sounds still on going. 
He eyed the Builder speaker who spoke “Alright, files on Michael say that the Meritanians knocked him out unconscious and transported him to the High Council’s home base where he was mind wiped of his memories by that group and told to go through the travel backwards through time gate putting him in the Australia Atoll around the time of Great Britain too much time before the flood arrive. The High Council at that time for some unexplained reason of being aware of Michael ordered him to teach Combative Art, Humans dub Karate to their servants and other Highlanders which he obeyed doing till they were able to pass the teaching down to descendants. Also the High Council after it was apparent Michael’s work was done had him put in some suspended animated sleep which he has been in ever since. There have been no interests by the High Council, current or previous, in waking Michael up from his slumber which he has been preserved from that time to now which is still continuing.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath feeling himself shocked hearing the Builder’s words who stopped talking to stare at him with a narrowed eyed look that told him the male wanted him to say something. 
He felt his shock stop as memories of his time in Great Britain flashed in his mind and he spoke “My time in Great Britain. I remember fighting off a drunk Human with karate and accused of being with the Highlanders due to that they fought same way I fought. I should have realized that the Highlanders were using karate from their fighting off Humans in a battle I witnessed without recognizing the moves.”
He groaned loudly before adding “Argh on what happened to Michael. I should add that two of my children Lance and Lizette told me that Michael inherited my power abilities like they did. I’m surprised that the High Council hasn’t bothered to do anything about Michael’s power abilities as in using him for breeding once they figured out that they could be passed down from parent to offspring from seeing that in Ajax.”
Jinks frowned as he again heard the foreign language spoken sounding among Builders before it ceased followed by the familiar Builder speaking “Actually files say the High Council at that time wasn’t aware of Michael having power abilities due to the knowledge kept secret from them along with that they weren’t aware that you had those powers. Also the power abilities were discovered in Lance Knight and his sister Lizette confessing them to Scotland and saying that you had them when questioned by that group confronting them about their power abilities that made the High Council take a closer look at you but not doing anything serious till one of them figured you as Osiris is when they got involved.”
He frowned hearing that as the Builder paused to give him a narrowed eyed look expecting him to say something.  
He spoke “Oh the High Council mistook me as someone named Osiris when I was actually the son named Horus.” 
Jinks saw the Builder nod his head with some awareness look in his face which he figured that the male was aware of what he said to him. He frowned as foreign language was again spoken sounding in the room from various Builders including the ones at the laptops typing on them. He continued to frown forming it on his lips hearing the foreign language sounding that sounded lengthy which he heard a sound of a door opening behind him turned to look to see James standing in the doorway that signed for him to leave and come with him. Jinks sensed the Builders’ purpose of having him in the room was done didn’t protest left the room walking out to hear James shut the door which he waited for the butler to take the lead. He wordlessly followed James to the elevator which once inside the butler he saw pressed a numbered button while noticing worded labels on the button console were gone from it. 
He spoke “James, how do you expect me to remember which number is to where I go around here without the labels?”
He heard from James “There are guards being assigned to stand in the elevators in this building to guide you and others on where to go.”
Jinks bobbed his head as he felt the elevator move going to the penthouse destination which once reaching the floor he walked out followed by James and frowned standing in the living room as he sensed the butler’s presence no longer around him. Jinks went to the library to sit and think to himself recalling his time competing in tournaments when Lance Knight and his sister Lizette were alive. He recalled to himself when he competed despite Lance Knight enforcing Roosevelt’s policy of not having a relationship with his mother, Janel, he and Janel always found a way to be together in private for mating and kissing and sometimes found out by the children. Often times they would separate like nothing happened between them without the children being aware of it. This included being in public places like the tournaments he attended which he would shake hands with Janel when she congratulated him on his results in front of the children and sometimes kiss her on the cheek but that was when the children weren’t around. He frowned to recall himself earning a black belt from the federation that made up their minds and gave him one which he competed in tournaments for black belts and was undefeated in the fighting part winning numerous tournaments including the highest ranked tournament. He recalled after that victory was ordered by Lance to stop competing and just focus on having a relationship with Janel and let him handle people’s opposition to the relationship. He found himself obeying his father’s orders due to numerous people assuming he retired due to getting news affiliated sources saying that he retired such as a newspaper in the mail that said that he retired which he found himself annoyed but obeyed with the order. He recalled himself still going to Sun Dragon studio for Karate after Kui called him and told that Sun wanted him there. He went for a class and was told by Sun that she was teaching him the Kata involved with the other belts and how to be a teacher of karate seeing he had potential of doing that himself. He agreed with Sun’s words kept going to the studio to learn all the Kata involved with the lower ranked belts and was given numerous opportunities to teach karate to new students mostly kids with white belts on how to do a Kata and finding himself patient with the students in their learning and finding the kids willing to learn from him. Jinks recalled to himself once Sun taught him all of the Kata involved with the belts she gave him opportunities to teach the class drills and coaching them in tournament requirements along with helping them with their karate. Jinks remembered to himself that he kept his father’s worded order of having a relationship with Janel despite some opposition mostly from Lance Knight but remembered using the Master Organization’s resources and people in it to help him with having the relationship with Janel mating with her from time to time in private of hotel rooms and in never his home or her home due to that the children would always find them there and haven’t successfully found them in the hotel rooms they stayed at. He frowned to think to himself recalling that he had the relationship with Janel for the rest of her life till she passed away but the mating habit stopped at Lance’s order when Janel reached her sixth decade which he found her resistance to having mating when he initiated the beginning stages by attempting to handle her clothes from below the waist which he would always get protest from her. He listened to her and didn’t do any more mating but just by kissing her on the lips and neck areas and cuddling with her with his arms around her as they both laid in bed of in hotel rooms in private meetings. He exhaled a breath recalling that Lance later when Janel reached sixty five years old told him to cut the relationship with Janel and be just friends with her which he obeyed seeing her from time to time always in public places such as karate tournaments to watch descendants of him compete including eating out at restaurants either with her alone which the subject was always on the past talking about what she did while he was asleep for twenty years talking about it or with Lance Knight and Lizette there which the subject was always on what the kids’ children were doing in their life. Jinks remembered getting a dream order from Lance telling him to go to New York City to visit Janel and telling him that she was reaching the end of her life span and wanted him to visit her before she passed away as her last wish something she didn’t share with others but said to Lance Richard himself who heard her and worked on granting the wish. He sigh recalling doing the order to meet Janel who passed away in front of him then after that went to a hotel room as if drawn to there and didn’t do much for a few days while lying in bed feeling himself sad knowing that he wouldn’t see her again till he got a door knock sound on the door and went to answer it which was a hotel waiter with food and an envelope attached which he ate up the food and drank then read the envelope’s contents a printed letter detailing that Janel had requested to be buried next to Roosevelt Knight in Wolf’s Howl, New York which was had happened as soon as she was declared dead with a small funeral of just her children due to that Janel issued before death that she didn’t want a big fuss about her funeral and only wanted her children to see to her death affairs and that was it. He recalled finding himself sad kicked out the waiter once finished with the envelope’s contents and had a breakdown in the room before passing out unconscious to dream of Lance comforting him and ordering him to return to his home in Wethersfield which he obeyed once waking up to take a cab to there and felt himself struggling to move on from Janel’s death as the days passed with him having bouts of crying while isolated in his apartment due to religious fanatics worshipping him as some object whenever he was out of his apartment. Jinks frowned recalling that he got over Janel’s passing enough to stop crying about it but started having to fight with religious fanatics which he recalled one night during a rain storm he escaped them taking a cab to the train depot in New Haven which he had to wait till the rain storm stopped which happened near dawn to take the train to New York City while worrying about religious fanatics finding him there that didn’t come which he took the train to New York City and once in the city lived homeless like a bum using his powers to steal food from venders selling them. 
Jinks grimaced recalling that time in his mind as he heard from Lance speaking “You’ll be fine now and won’t have to go through that homeless life again. I will see that there will always be a home for you to stay in safe from harm while being protected from people seeing you in various harmful ways.” 
He didn’t comment as the library doors opened followed by James entering the room clearing his throat. 
He frowned as James spoke “There’s a press conference outside with your spokesperson denying the rumor of you being dead and very much alive and that is from reports of the crown having poison on it enough to kill a Human male when wearing it.” 
He got up from the chair and spoke “I’m going downstairs to meet the crowd.” 
Jinks frowned as James blocked his way out of the room followed by the butler speaking “You have to refrain from talking due to that your voice sounds like you have a medical ailment with your throat.” 
He frowned sensing that James wasn’t kidding with his words spoke “Oh ok.” 
James spoke “You have to tell the guard in the elevator on where you’re going for the guard to press the right buttons in there.”
He nodded his head and went out the room taking a route to the elevator which inside he spoke “Lobby.” 
He felt the elevator move going down which he cleared his throat and spoke out loud “Hello?”
He spoke the word repeatedly over and over before speaking “Harrumph James isn’t kidding about my throat.” 
He walked out of the elevator going to the entrance and walked out hearing the crowd gasp sensing they seeing him while seeing news affiliates there and his spokesperson was a male Human that flashed eyes golden that told him was a Builder. He willed the Master through to hear the crowd become silent sensing that they can see his eyes change then willed the Master away from him before going into the building to the elevator again pointed by a guard.
Once inside he spoke “Penthouse.” 
He heard “Sorry orders to take you elsewhere.” 
He frowned feeling the elevator move going up before stopping with the doors opening showing the guest room and a familiar figure standing wearing High Council robes which his senses blared telling him the male was Ajax himself. He walked out and stood with arms to his sides staring at Ajax questioning. 
He heard Ajax speak “The High Council was just checking up on you by sending me to you.” 
He spoke “I’m fine.” 
Jinks felt himself paralysis but rooted to stand as Ajax held up a gun device pointed at him while having his other hand up, firing the gun at him hitting him in the chest which he felt himself passing out unconscious. 

He dreamed of Lance who he saw had an all black eyed glare who spoke “I’ll handle that twit for that shooting. Meritanians put that twit to sleep now for I want to talk to him.” 
Jinks found himself thrust sideways facing the Meritanians as he sensed a flash of light off his right side followed by a loud gasp sound. 
He looked to see Ajax looking shocked who spoke “My father was shot enough to be knocked out for a year according to the High Council’s calculations and what they heard about my father being shot in the heart before.” 
He frowns as Lance spoke “How advanced do you think the Builders are involving medicine and medical ailments including involving your father himself?”
He frowned as Ajax looked bugged eyed followed by Lance again speaking “You’re a twit and an idiot.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut to dream of himself walking in a cave seeing Ajax wearing nothing but shorts and chained to the wall while sagging from standing appearing to be unconscious. Jinks went to Ajax punching him in the face several times with his right hand which woke his son up who looked at him with fear on his face. 
Jinks brought his fist into Ajax’s stomach who groaned loudly while speaking “That’s for shooting me.” 
He uncurled his hand and grabbed Ajax’s head twisting it and heard a crack sound followed by his son’s form becoming limp. 
Jinks turned to his left towards the cave entrance to see a young boy appearing to be Ajax’s son from the looks of him that raised his arms speaking “Daddy.” 
Jinks went to the child lifting him up and carried him feeling the boy’s arms around his neck in a gentle hold while hearing screaming sounds of horror behind him in Ajax’s voice which he ignored going to the cave entrance and then blackness arrived which he found himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare its noises lurched up in a sitting position to find himself back in his bedroom wearing nothing but pajama pants which he glared at the clock finding the time as eight o’clock in the morning. 
He spoke “Sleep mode time.” 
He frowned as the computer spoke “Unable to comply.” 
Jinks got up from the bed and placed a hand on his chest feeling nothing serious but familiar scar markings as before. He wondered to himself what really happened and verbally ordered the clock to give the date which it obeyed discovering it was three days since his shooting. He felt himself confused to go into the bathroom to shower and put on clothes that were the same as before and brushed his hair. He left the bathroom going to the bedroom doors yanking them open seeing James there looking relieved to see him. 
Jinks spoke “What happened to me? All I remembered was being shot by a High Council member in the guest room right in the chest and waking up just now.” 
He frowned as James spoke “I was told that you would be out unconscious for three days and was told not to disturb you till the fourth day is when I was to check on you for anything in case you didn’t come out.”
He went to the dining room to sit down feeling himself ravenously hungry from his stomach rumbling in him. He waited as Emma came out carrying a tray full of dishware holding food and three cups holding different colored liquids in them which she set in front of him. He gobbled up the food forcing himself to use the silverware and ate everything on the plate and bowls then gulped down all of the cups’ contents before getting up to go to the library to sit back in the chair. 
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes and dreamed of facing Lance who spoke “During your years asleep in a specialized tube you were implanted with all sorts of implants. Only three areas were proven to accept the implants which were your ears, skull and chest area front and back.” 
He frowned as Lance kept talking “The implants in your chest is actually a new medical procedure that was invented five years ago by a Builder which is a bullet proof vest put inside your body with ribs covering it on top. This saved your life from being shot by Ajax.”
Jinks growled an angry sound hearing Ajax’s name only to get Lance’s hands on his chest and forehead keeping him calm. 
He felt himself frowning as Lance spoke “I figured out why Ajax’s youngest son got attached to his father from communicating with the kid due to the son being interested in you and sensing you in your son hence the attachment.”
He frowned as Lance continued “The Builders retaliated against the shooting by having the Meritanians transport Ajax to a location where they knocked him out and drugged him enough to fight in some illegal cage fight with witnesses watching it and betting on it just to see on Ajax’s fighting skills which your son has proven to inherited your karate ability but not his great strength due to fighting a drugged Human male that was actually an Amula. Ajax barely won the fight by remembering his powers and used it against the male to knock him out unconscious. The Meritanians transported Ajax back to the High Council’s location on their orders and that was by a Builder giving the plants permission to transport your son to the High Council when the group ordered for him.”
He frowned as Lance continued to talk “There’s talk among the Builders I heard from communicating with them on having the plants transport some people who are out unconscious from the High Council’s base and waking those people up to use them against the High Council. I’m not sure if that involves your children or not. The Builders are currently thinking of yanking Ajax’s youngest son from the High Council and have you raise the kid due to sensing the child have some interest in you something they haven’t done yet but are discussing it.”
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as he heard Ramses’ familiar question which he got his eyes forced shut to wake up in the library room feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he saw belonged to Barry and frowned as the Builder went to sit down. 
He eyed Barry who spoke “Ajax is currently going through drug withdrawal from the drugs given to him to make him fight another male. Ajax is a little insane at the moment due to the drugs making him crazy which the High Council has used their medics and lots of mind scanning to keep him sane enough to understand what happened to him.”
He nodded his head as Barry kept talking “The High Council ordered Ajax to shoot you who did it without hesitation but the Master made it clear to the High Council not to have him get involved in the war between them and the Builders. That’s due to emphasizing that the Builders can make the Meritanians mind wipe Ajax and make him become a servant of them to cause havoc among Highlanders on the mainland.” 
He frowned as Barry kept talking “The Builders are thinking of transporting Michael your son out of the High Council’s hands and forcing the plants to restore his mind along with putting him in the Master Organization army group to teach karate to the army members. This along with sharing his knowledge of the High Council in the past when he was ordered to teach karate to the Highlanders back then. Sources are also thinking of transporting Victoria and Robert out of the High Council’s hands to some place else where they both can wake up and live their lives with protection from the Master Organization along with numerous Builders including one group declaring themselves The Hammer a nickname Scotland gave them that they accepted to use.” 
Barry paused to clear his throat then continued to speak “The Builders have managed to establish contact with me on the High Council’s base and have been issuing orders to me to cause havoc among the Highlanders on the base. I have been doing part of the orders but not all of them due to trying to keep the Highlanders off my back and suspecting me of doing the havoc from Builders contacting me.”
Jinks nodded his head as Barry got up and disappeared in a flash of light which he leaned back and figured to himself that he’ll get some sleep finding himself tired and shut his eyes passing out unconscious only to dream of standing next to Lance on his right side who gestured him to be quiet. He frowned as a figure appeared in front of Lance with a flash of light which he saw with shock was Michael his son. 
He stared at Michael who spoke “What’s going on since I was knocked out unconscious?”
Jinks frowned hearing Lance gave off a summary of his life starting from competing in karate tournaments till being declared Emperor while sensing some details left out which left him confused but felt annoyance hit him which he sensed was from his father. 
He heard Lance add “A Human like race called Builder ousted twenty years ago currently have a war with the High Council. Both sides are doing things to each other as in doing things to your father to spite each other.” 
He frowned as Michael spoke sounding annoyed “Its not tolerable having that happen.”
He heard from Lance “I’m working on keeping Jinks out of the High Council’s hands just to keep them from torturing him some more.”
He saw his son nod his head followed by Lance forcing Michael’s eyes shut who disappeared in a flash of light. 
He stared at Lance who spoke “The Builders went through having Michael transported off the High Council’s base to the Zeskaya Hospital. He’s currently in process of being waked up along with having the plants restore his mind which they did themselves and not by orders. The Builders have influenced the Meritanians to not say anything about Michael including about Victoria or Robert when those two get transported out a later date. I suspects that the computer files will be altered to show nothing interesting about Michael or anything about your children when the Builders go through with the transporting.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut woke up in the library room hearing a door knocking sound on the closed doors followed by them opening to show James coming into the room clearing his throat.
James spoke “Its lunch time, time for your required meal.” 
Jinks felt himself hungry and didn’t protest got up from the chair and walked out passed James going to the dining room which inside he saw a tray with dishware filled with food and drink. He sat down feeling himself terribly hungry gobbled up the food and gulped down the drink. He got up and went to the library shutting the doors behind him and sat in a chair leaning back letting his thoughts wander reminiscing about his life with Katherine over the years he lived with her and recalled to himself that he missed her terribly due to not having her around to help give him a purpose in life. 
He got a communication from Lance saying “Sorry there was nothing I could do to prolong Katherine’s life due to sensing that she would become a Charon regardless of how long she lived as a Human.” 
He sighed as Lance added “You should consider getting a cat due to that cats aren’t popular among Humans because of them more interested in a gonoid named Dog. If you got a cat it would bring much needed attention to the cats and their plight of being neglected while living on the mainland and allied islands which would make Humans see the felines as equals to Dogs. The Humans stopped doing that too many years ago and I figured it’s about time that the cats get some attention.” 
He frowned to mentally speak “How can I acquire a cat and what do you have in mind for me to do it?”
He got from Lance saying “Just visit a gonoid shelter focused on cats that is overcrowded with cats due to people more interested in dogs and that I’ll let you know which cat will be yours to take home.” 
He frowned further to mentally speak “When should I do this?”
He heard from Lance “It doesn’t matter as long as the cats get their attention enough to make people see them worthy of adopting and taking care of just to ease overcrowding in gonoid shelters due to too many feral cats unaltered having kittens that are taken away and put in gonoid shelters to be adopted. The kittens grow to adults and become altered to prevent them from having offspring while waiting to be adopted.” 
Jinks frowned but sensed that Lance was right with his words got up from the chair and went to the hallway speaking loudly verbalizing “James!”
Jinks waited as James appeared in front of him appearing from no where which he spoke “I want to adopt a cat and want to visit a cat focused gonoid shelter that has a problem of being overcrowded with cats to see which one will be interested in me to take home. Also see that the shelter get news affiliated attention from the adopting along with cats there getting attention to be adopted. This is due to being aware of that there are too many cats at shelters due to people’s lack of interests and wants my requests done as soon as possible.”
He frowned seeing that James didn’t appear to look surprised by his words figured that Lance communicated with the butler before telling him about the cat adopting. 
James spoke “It’ll take time for your people to find a cat only focused shelter in the city or nearby the city in another town. Also to arrange security for you to travel there and enter the place to see the cat you want to adopt and work out the adoption procedures for you to do. I assure you that it’ll be done as quickly as possible but it might take till the next day to get everything done.” 
He nodded his head finding James was serious with his talk as the butler faded from view after dismissing him which he went to the gym room and did only stretching exercises finding himself too tired to bother doing karate. He forced himself to get up awkwardly finding himself not willing to do the swing up move and wandered out of the gym room to the TV room which he sat on the couch and ordered the TV on to see the familiar dates on the screen. He recalled meeting Snowball a cat that lived at the White House and later with him ordered the TV to scroll for the date the feline lived in the penthouse from remembering an event called Christmas which was when Robert was seven years old. He recalled the event was filmed by Katherine and himself focused on Robert opening presents addressed to him along with Snowball hanging around. Jinks ordered the TV to play the date which he saw the scene and felt sad seeing Snowball in the scene playing with the wrapping paper and batting ornaments on the Christmas tree in reach while doing friendly rubbing cat behavior towards Robert while he was opening presents only to get grabbed by his son to hold her in a hug then let her go which she didn’t seem to protest to the motions only gave off a soft mew sound sounding content. He sighed as he watched the TV showing the camera view jiggling followed by Katherine coming into view to open presents addressed to her then walked out of view followed by the camera view again jiggling which he saw himself come into view to open three presents addressed to himself. He saw the items were three notebooks that appeared to be looking like photo albums which he recalled what they were. Jinks remembered one was by Burke Richardson detailing his high school career at Wethersfield High School playing football. He recalled the second album was by his mother showing pictures of himself on each of the cake celebrations on Halloween when she was alive before he was aware of the day being his birthday which he recalled her taking a picture of him posing with the cake over the years when it was that date. Jinks frowned as the screen turned blue with dates as he recalled the third photo album was on his political career until he retired from it when Guard Kensington finished his term as King a shared position he shared with himself due to that his father in law was going through health issues of cancer that later spread and killed him when Robert was five years old. He sighed feeling himself sad but not enough to have a crying bout which he sat on the couch lost in thought thinking of Robert and wondering when the Builders will take him out along with doing it to Victoria for he’s dying to meet her and see her full grown due to being cheated out of doing that by the High Council’s manipulating. He continued to sit thinking of Victoria as he heard a door knocking sound followed by doors opening with a throat clearing noise sounding loudly. 
Jinks looked at James who spoke “Its time for your required meal.” 
He frowned to eye the clock on the wall near the door to see that James wasn’t kidding about that which he felt himself agreeing got up and walked out of the room going to the dining room to find a tray holding food and drink. He ate the food and drank the drink then got up going to the library room to sit recalling the cats he had over the years he lived. He recalled a cat named Sam that lived for eleven years with him raising Victoria till the feline was put to sleep due to finding too late detected lung cancer. He sighed as he recalled that the cat indicated that she didn’t want to live anymore due to not eating food set for her for seven days and appeared to be saying goodbye to him and Victoria by her behavior. He had the vet come and put the cat to sleep with Victoria age eleven holding her in her arms while sitting in a chair with him standing watching the scene. He frowned recalling just before he killed a man Victoria surprised him with the adoption of two cats Tiger and Willow which he wondered what happened to them. 
He got a communication from Lance saying “The cats were sent to Alexei due to that Victoria was sent to live with Robert and his wife Samira in California among your descendants. Samira turned out to be highly allergic to cats and her body couldn’t tolerate the medicine used to help her cope with her allergy so the felines were sent to Alexei who took them in gladly. Willow passed away five years ago from a stroke hitting her abruptly and that Tiger was put down six months later discovered to suffer from a medical condition called arthritis that made her in too much pain to function and live.”
Jinks frowned hearing that recalling hearing about Samira poisoned to death mentally asked about that as he got a communication from Lance “The poisoning was done by the High Council ordering Robert’s drink to be poisoned at a restaurant both attended frequently. Samira switched drinks whether on purpose or not is unknown and drank the poison. She died right away in Robert’s arms. Some Builder took pity on Robert acting depressed too long ordered him to mate with his female forming twin girls which the Builder’s sister was helping him raise. The Builders got serious with their war with the High Council after Robert was declared dead in a car explosion.” 
He frowned as Lance became silent sighed to get up and walked out as he saw James appear in view speaking “It’s around time for you to sleep as ordered by the doctor.”
Jinks found himself not protesting James’ words spoke “I’ll go to my bedroom and go to bed and see that I don’t come out till alarm time.” 
He got a head bob from James as he went to his bedroom shutting the doors behind him then went into the bathroom to exchange his clothes to pajama pants. He folded his clothes finding them looking messy with the folding and not neat as they usually are. He left the bathroom and went to the bed getting in pulling the blankets up to his chest and shut his eyes falling unconscious.

Jinks woke up by alarm time of eight o’clock feeling himself refreshed and much better rested to eye the clock speaking “Sleep mode time.” 
He heard a time frame of three days from the clock which he frowned hearing that figured that James rigged the clock to not go off till three days passed for him to get some rest. He got up and went into the bathroom figuring that he’ll shower which he spotted his familiar clothes on the sink counter folded neatly and not messy as before. Jinks stripped himself of his pajamas then got into the shower cleaning himself thoroughly then dried himself once finished. He put on the clothes and shoes then brushed his hair neatly followed by walking out of the bathroom to the bedroom doors opening them to see James looking relieved to see him. 
Jinks spoke “Any news about the cat adoption?”
He frowned as James spoke “Word got out through news affiliates saying that you were interested in adopting a cat and sharing that you had cats as pets in the past due to being interested in having one. The fuss got lots of people to crowd shelters seeking to adopt cats and that the local cat shelters are backed up with adoption applications for adoptions due to needing to do background checks on people willing to pay for the fee for the adoption and making sure that the money the people pay get deposited into the shelter’s accounts before handing over the cat the person wants to adopt.”
Jinks frowned feeling himself dejected as James added “There’s one local shelter that the gonoid control police are based as their headquarters hasn’t received much attention due to the fuss and has been ignored by the people seeking to adopt cats. They have a good amount of cats in their cages and have agreed for you to come visit them to adopt a cat from them. Their seeing that your visit will give them much needed attention to help with getting money for medical aid to gonoids suffering cruelty and them needing donations for helping gonoids get better from medical ailments. The shelter has scheduled the visit at a later time once you eat your food and wait for the time to arrive which you’ll go visit.” 
Jinks didn’t comment went to the dining room to eat breakfast then went to the living room to sit on the couch staring at the elevator doors impatiently waiting for James to arrive and tell him when it was time to leave. 
He spoke loudly “James!”
Jinks waited as James arrived which he spoke with impatient in his voice “When is it time to leave for shelter?”
James spoke “Please be patient due to that security has to be put in place along with one of the local news affiliate crew is going to be there filming the event to broadcast later along with broadcasting about the shelter and what’s its job for people to be aware of it.”
He frowned but leaned back on the couch and stared at the ceiling seeing it white with lights implanted in it shining from above while using his mediation techniques willing his impatience to go away. He continued to stare at the ceiling till he heard a throat clearing noise looked down to stare at James standing off his right. 
James spoke “Its time to go and that you’ll be leaving through the garage by car.” 
He got up and darted towards the elevator seeing the doors open which he went inside and spoke to the guard “Garage.” 
He felt the elevator went down which he sighed feeling himself no longer impatient but relaxed enough to feel happy about getting a cat as a pet finding himself needing a companion even if it’s a furry one. Jinks felt the elevator stop followed by the doors opening which he walked out looking around the garage room to spot his driver standing in front of a sedan with tinted windows who opened the door as he spotted people wearing Master Organization army uniforms nearby parked sitting on motorcycles. He sighed and walked to the car getting inside to hear the door shut behind him which he put on his seatbelt and figured that the motorcycles were the car’s escort as extra security as he looked out the window. He felt the car start up followed by moving through the garage room and out of the room into the street and through the city while seeing people outside appearing to watch his motorcade drive by them with ranges of emotions on their faces. He continued to look out the window till the convoy entered a garage which the driver cut the car short and heard him get out followed by the car door to his side opened. He unbuckled his seat belt and got out to sense himself filmed which he saw nearby a news affiliate crew with a reporter talking to the camera and then the female turned around while appearing to be holding a microphone in her hand looking in his direction. He saw movement nearby looked to see two people a male and a female wearing police like uniforms that walked up to him before pausing from their walk. He frowned as the male spoke introducing himself as Harrison and the female as Melissa including welcoming him to the building while adding about giving him a tour to explain the building’s functions. He figured it was part of his visit to give attention to the gonoid control police’s work on saving gonoids’ lives. 
He spoke as the male paused “The tour sounds interesting for what you do have me curious.” 
He didn’t comment as the gonoid control police proceeded to give him a tour of the building and explained its functions while meeting the staff members working there on the way while followed by the news crew. He was taken to cages to show gonoids that were medically recovering from cruelty along with given a detailed history of some of the worse cases the police found including prosecuting the person for the crime. This has resulted in numerous arrests of people charged with large money fines that the money is awarded to the animal police’s headquarters to use to help gonoids with medical ailments along with that the shelter also depends on donations for furthering helping gonoids medically. He was taken to the dogs’ cages room to see the dogs and told that their ready for adoption due to fully recovering from medical ailments then taken to the cats’ cages room as the last part of the tour. He saw multiple cages having cats in them from various ages from kitten to adult in them crowding each of them with numerous kittens gathered together in the same cages. 
He heard from Harrison “The kittens come from feral cats that were caught expecting them. The mothers were too feral to be adopted but were spayed to prevent more carrying and that the kittens are grouped by litter in each cage.” 
He spotted several adult cats sitting in cages and heard from Melissa “The adult cats were caught by traps and turned out to be friendly with people enough to meet the requirements for adopting them. The males were neutered while the females were spayed to help control the cat population due to overcrowding in shelters around the city and elsewhere.”
He peered into the cages holding the adult cats to find most had a companion or more with them except some were alone which he figured he’ll focus on them. He examined each single adult cat in the cages counting about five of them and hearing no communication from Lance. 
Jinks spoke “I’m interested in an adult cat.” 
He heard from Harrison “Good. We have been trying to get people to adopt adult cats instead of focused on kittens due to them abandoning them later when the kitties apparently become too much work on taking care of them. This is what some people have been doing due to finding young cats nearly adults in the city around which is captured and tested for friendliness. Only half of them have met the requirements which all the cats are altered then the ones not meeting the requirements are released back into the city’s park to live while the others are put up for adoption.”
He frowned hearing that spoke “What work is required for a kitten due to people abandoning them?”
He heard from Melissa “People have admitted to the abandoning due to money issues that’s from cats aren’t that popular at the moment. Such as kittens need regular vet checkups for vaccinations against medical diseases that the shots and checkups are each in the estimated five hundred dollar ranges for per shot, per checkup and paying a two thousand dollar price for the cat to be altered once it reached a certain age to keep it from creating offspring once it’s old enough.”
Jinks nodded his head then looked at the adult cats alone in the cages before speaking “I’m interested in adopting a single cat.” 
He frowned as he heard Harrison give off details of each five cats saying their various ages and that they are two males and three females which he figured from memory of having female cats figured he’ll have a female.
He spoke as Harrison pause “I like a female from having them in the past.” 
Jinks heard Melissa speak “How about that one?”
He saw her point to a cage which he saw was a calico and was rubbing her body on the cage bars’ entrance while noticing that the other alone cats weren’t doing it which he figured that she wanted him to take her home. He felt himself drawn to her put a hand on the cage bars to feel her fur sticking out along with her rough tongue licking his hand through the bars. He sensed a light show flash off his left figured it was from a camera flashing at him. 
He spoke “I want this cat.”
He heard Harrison speak “You have to wait a bit while we get a carrier for transporting the cat we dub Missy for making people missing her lots from her being so friendly with people enough to remember her.”
He nodded his head removed his hand as Melissa spoke “Come with me.”
Jinks wordlessly followed Melissa to a room with a bench and a table then told to wait while Harrison gets the paperwork for the adoption. He sat down waiting while sensing the news crew was still filming him which he saw was in the room with him as Harrison arrived carrying a cat carrier with mewing sounds coming from it along with papers and a file bunched together in his other hand. He didn’t comment as Harrison sat down putting the carrier on the floor then thrust the papers and file towards him which he discovered the papers were a form for filling out while given a pen. 
He heard Harrison speak “The file details Missy’s history along with medical and behavior facts found out about her.” 
He nodded his head and filled out the application with Lance’s input when he came upon a question he didn’t know how to fill it which he mentally spoke it in his mind and heard his father give him an answer for it. Jinks once done sighed as he got up and heard Harrison congratulate him on the adoption while handing him the car carrier and file which he took while smiling not baring his teeth. He didn’t comment as he was escorted to his car which he sensed the filming stop to see the news reporter interviewing Harrison from them appearing to be talking to each other. He got into the car and buckled his seatbelt then waited holding the cat carrier on his lap as the car was started up then driven out of the building into the street while hearing Missy mewing with annoyance in her tone. He figured that her noises was from the car and its motions due to being aware of being told that Sam a previous cat sounded like having a hissy fit while in a carrier in a car ride to the gonoid hospital for medical reasons. Jinks frowned as the car drove through the city to reach his home building which once inside he saw James come into view opening his car door which he unbuckled his seat belt and got out. 
He heard James speak “Everything for the cat is ready for her to live in.” 
He didn’t comment took the cat carrier and file then went to the elevator followed by James and once inside told the guard the penthouse order which he saw the male press a button on the console and felt the elevator go up. He felt the elevator stop followed by doors opening showing the living room which he walked out to place the cat carrier down on the floor and opened the thing’s door which he saw Missy streak out going underneath the couch and figured from memory that cats would hide when they were put in new places till they calm down enough to want to explore it enough to find the litter box and their nourishment. He went to the couch to sit on it and figured to himself that he’ll read the file as he heard James from behind say that he’ll attend to the carrier which he ignored. Jinks read the file detailing that Missy was found in a city park being very friendly with people who had food and begging to eat their food by getting onto their laps and trying to eat their food in their hands which a woman managed to get Missy into a cat carrier brought her to the gonoid control Police’s headquarters for checking her out and getting her adopted. They found nothing wrong with Missy only that she needed to be spayed and did that then spent two months trying to find her owner unsuccessfully due to that she was wearing a ragged collar around her neck with no identification on it. He continued to read that after two months of news affiliated broadcasts no owner came forwards to claim her and that they put her up for adoption after testing her personality finding her very friendly with people but not friendly with other cats mostly adults but tolerable towards kittens when put in cages with either one of them. He frowned as he continued to read that the file detailing that there was no problems found with Missy during tests and that it seemed that her owner abandoned her in the park due to her friendly with people and wearing a collar with no identification on her. He frowned reaching the end of the file senses Missy was still underneath the couch sighed and got up. 
Jinks spoke “James!”
He waited as the butler appeared in front of him whom he held up the file and spoke “Put this someplace safe for Missy’s further vet checkups and whatever required in her care.” 
He handed James the file who spoke “I’ll handle that.” 
Jinks watched as James faded from view which he kneeled and peered underneath the couch to see Missy looking freaked out figured to himself that she’ll come out when she’s ready and got up to wander around the apartment. He found the litter box container in the dining room in a corner along with two bowls in another corner filled with food in one and water in the other along with seeing cat doors in some of the doors of the penthouse including his bedroom. Jinks figured that the cat doors were put in place for the cat to access to anywhere she wanted. He sighed and wandered to the library to sit wondering what the news affiliate will broadcast their report about him visiting the gonoid control police’s headquarters. 
He got sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who spoke “That news crew was picked due to blaring news that are seeing you in a good way which I suspect that the affiliate is owned by the Master Organization. That’s due to them blaring good stuff on you despite the other news affiliates have been blaring all sorts of news that don’t matter if its lies and truths about you. That news affiliate being friendly was based in a city called Albany before setting shop in New York City due to them interested in you. I suspect the transfer was by the Master Organization that must have bought them by money and had them transferred to the city to broadcast things that made you look good to people. This is a way of counterattacking the sensationalism news broadcasts done by the other news affiliates.”
He felt his eyes forced shut which he woke up hearing a knocking sound on the doors and eyed them followed by James entering the room clearing his throat before speaking “Its time for your required meal.” 
He didn’t protest went to the dining room to eat food then once done went to the living room to peer underneath the couch to see Missy had stopped looking freaked out and wasn’t interested in coming out by her curled in a ball position and appearing to look sleepy while underneath there. He figured that she’ll come out when she wants to come out wandered to the gym room finding himself needing to practice karate. He did his stretching exercises then a black belt Kata finding himself taking his time doing it due to feeling a little weary but does it then walked out of the gym room to the library to go inside which he found Barry sitting in a chair to his shock. 
He shut the doors shut and stared at Barry who spoke “The cat adoption was insisted due to that Highlanders are deathly afraid of cats they dub furball and that the cat is a defense against Highlander assassins entering the apartment whether transported by the plants or other means.”
He frowned to recall that Barry wasn’t kidding about that from remembering Highlanders being afraid of cats in his presence whenever the felines were around. 
He figured he’ll go sit as Barry spoke “Missy isn’t used to you due to you giving off some smell sense that overwhelmed her enough to hide and that she’ll come out once she’s used to the sense enough to explore the place and be friendly with you.” 
He frowned as Barry added “The cat adoption was insisted by The Hammer which the group has been communicating with the Master. They insisted on the cat adoption due to Highlanders being deathly afraid of them. The Hammer wanted every single defense used in the apartment for you to live without being bothered by Highlander assassins. Missy is being protected by the servants and guards in the building who are making sure her food and drink don’t have poison in it due to that Highlanders can do that as a way of getting rid of her by plants transporting them into the penthouse to dump poison onto the bowls then transport out which Missy would take in the nourishment and get sick enough to die from it.”
He frowned as Barry kept talking “That’s not the first time that they pulled this stunt on a cat in your home. They tried to do that to Tiger and Willow when Victoria was still living in the apartment during your time in some healing sleep while waiting for the results of your trial. The servants caught the poison in time and took it out.” 
He nodded his head as Barry got up and then spoke “The Highlanders will try anything to get rid of Missy including poisoning her.” 
He watched as the Builder disappeared in a flash of light which he leaned back and shut his eyes feeling himself tired to pass out unconscious.

Jinks came to feel a hand on his shoulder shaking him awake which he opened his eyes to glare at the hand’s owner seeing it belonged to James who spoke “Poison was detected in Missy’s food and drink due to that the cat came out and yowled angrily in front of her food bowls. She balked eating and drinking it despite her hissy fit and we scanned the food and drink to discover poison in it which was replaced immediately. The cat had some food and drink before wandering into your bedroom which I saw her snoozing on your bed when I checked.”
Jinks spoke “Ok, next time Missy pulls a hissy fit in front of her food and drink while balking eating it scan it for poison and do something about it.” 
He heard “Yes Master Jinks and it’ll be done. Anything else I can do for you?”
He spoke “Dismissed and let me sleep.” 
He shut his eyes feeling James remove his hand and dreamed of facing Lance who spoke “The sense Barry talked about in Missy detecting in you gave her the ability to detect her food and drink being poisoned which she would give up a hissy fit to alert the servants of that. They’ll figure out that she has a poison detector sense in her once it becomes apparent from too many times of her having hissy fits and finding poison in her food and drink. It’ll take awhile for Highlanders to give up trying to poison her through her food and drink.”
He nodded his head and got his eyes forced shut to discover himself passing out unconscious and came to with a hand on his shoulder shaking him which he opened his eyes to glare at the hand’s owner seeing it belonged to James. 
The butler spoke “Its dinner time and time for your required meal.” 
Jinks didn’t protest got up as James removed his hand which he went to the dining room to eat his food and drink gulping and gobbling everything down. He figured since he was tired he might as well go to bed which he went to his bedroom finding Missy no where in sight but figured that she was around somewhere in the penthouse. He went to exchange his clothes for pajamas then adjusted the pillow against the padded headboard to lie sitting leaning back thinking that he just ate and that his stomach might be aggravated from lying down so soon after eating which he shut his eyes falling asleep passing out unconscious.

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blaring in his ear along with a familiar vibration on his front while feeling pressure of a cat tummy sitting on him whom he jerked open his eyes to stare at Missy sitting on him with some look in her eyes that suggested that she wanted him up and awake. He sighed as she stood up arching her back followed by walking off of him to sit next to him washing her body with her tongue. He sighed again to get up and went into the bathroom to shower which he came out of the stall to find Missy in the bathroom to his shock that was busy washing her ear with her paw. He sighed and eyed the closed bathroom door seeing it didn’t have a cat door which he frowned wondering how the cat got into the bathroom as he dried himself then got dressed in his clothes and shoes followed by brushing his hair. 
He paused in the bathroom to stare at the door mentally thinking “How did that cat get in the bathroom anyway?”
He heard from Lance “The High Council had the plants transport an assassin in the bathroom which Erra did but Terra transported the cat in to freak out the Highlander. Erra transported the assassin back to the High Council in their throne room screaming of terror while suffering from shock and appearing to be out of it from the fear emotion running through him.”
Jinks shrugs opened the door and walked out sensing Missy following him which he went to the bedroom doors to open them to find James in the hallway with eyes flared golden while looking furiously angry. 
He frowned as James spoke sounding furious “An intruder was detected in your home as in transported there then transported out by the Meritanians which have me furious with the plants for doing that transporting joke repeatedly. This is due to that intruders were detected during the night as you slept, in various locations around the home by motion sensors going off that showed the cat meeting them from various locations then the person transported out. We checked Missy’s food bowls to discover poison in it due to sensors saying that an intruder was detected hanging around the area before being transported out just prior to us servants arriving to do our duties.” 
He sensed that James was furious with the Meritanians spoke with annoyance in his voice tone “Highlanders from my knowledge are deathly afraid of cats and that the cat was being friendly with intruders all Highlanders by meeting them who got freaked out by her. One of the intruders tried to kill her off by poisoning her food and drink. It’ll take awhile before the Highlanders stop doing that poisoning for their slow to give up doing things.”
He heard from James “Harrumph, I ordered the plants to not to transport Highlanders into your home once I was informed of the intruders detected in the place. The Meritanians seem to be obeying my order due to hearing them comment to the High Council that they can’t do any more transporting to your home by a Builder ordering them not to do it.” 
He shrugged and went to the dining room to eat breakfast then went to the library to sit in a chair leaning back which he thought to himself that he’ll sit and think for awhile. He continued to think recalling his son called Nathan Junior after his adoptive father with his biological mother Laurena. He recalled that Nathan Baxter Senior passed away but wasn’t sure of Laurena which he felt sleepiness leaned back shutting his eyes to dream of facing Lance. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Laurena actually passed away awhile back years ago and that there was no fuss on her passing due to that she’s an Amula which the species have yet to be ousted by the public due to that their not interested in publicity for their race. Nathan in question is nearing the end of his lifespan for being an Amula and will pass away soon.”
He felt himself sad hearing that as Lance kept talking “The High Council had interests in Nathan but lost interest when it was apparent that he didn’t inherited his father’s power abilities and was more like his mother being an Amula.”
He frown hearing that as Lance continued “The female descendant of you that you mated with was given the name of Janel. She had a Builder husband named Ralston who used to have the beliefs on who raises his wife’s child which he stopped believing when he was diagnosed with cancer and cured of it. The cancer and medicine destroyed his ability to father children whether through mating or implantation doesn’t matter which method he still won’t father children. Janel had twins a male and female which Ralston named Ron for the male and Risa for the female due to making a deal with his wife on keeping the children and insisting that he name them.”
Jinks frowned as Lance adds “I doubt that the High Council will be interested in the twins due to observing the High Council for a time not displaying any interests in multiple children carried at the same time by a female regardless their Highlanders or your family having power abilities or someone else. Multiple carrying by females carrying more than one baby at a time whether their Highlanders or not is something the High Council frown on and don’t seem to approve of people doing that for a female to have a baby due to implantation.”
Jinks nodded his head as Lance added talking “The High Council has some belief passed down that one child is acceptable for the female to carry and not more than one for her to carry. They don’t seem to approve of putting more than one baby implantation in a female for her to carry children due to fertility problems or having a mate that is a Builder. Builders and Humans aren’t compatible for conceiving children between them and must use implantation or another Human to breed the children for them. That’s it if the Builder regardless their male or female don’t have beliefs on who raises the offspring.” 
He opened his mouth and felt his eyes forced shut which he woke up in the library hearing a knocking sound on the closed doors while feeling Missy curled in a ball on his lap snoozing away. He eyed the doors to see them open followed by James entering the room clearing his throat loudly. 
He stared at James who spoke “You have visitors in the dining room and that they came from the Builder group The Hammer who insisted on talking to you in your home.”
He frowned but got up knocking Missy off his lap while hearing her yowl an annoyed meow sound which he eyed the cat to see her on the floor arching her back. He left the room going to the dining room sensing the cat following him and paused to see two Builders in the room one who looked familiar standing while the other was sitting at the table typing onto a lap top computer. He recalled meeting the Builders in a Table meeting room and remembered the standing Builder male as the one who did the talking to him while he was in the room. Jinks frowned as he sensed Missy in the room by feeling her rubbing her head on his ankle and then stop followed by the cat getting on the table in his line of sight to sniff the lap top computer before she sat tummy sitting facing his direction. 
He eyed the Builders as the one standing spoke “The name is Torresin and my friend here is named Sochi.” 
He frowned further as Torresin kept talking “”The High Council from files are getting desperate to spite us using you by sending assassins all Highlanders into your home to poison you enough to bring you down for awhile. Then spread the poisoning as a rumor saying that you had been poisoned enough to be brought down but still alive. The High Council are trying to shred our reputation by blaming us for the poisoning once it becomes successful along with getting Humans angry enough to pick on us and stop seeing you as some Human God. The Human God thing will be slow to go away due to the Master Organization worshipping you as a deity lord and seeing you as that way.”
Jinks sensed himself frowning as Torresin kept on talking “The High Council isn’t being smart for every single one of their orders have been recorded into computer which my people have used hackers to discover the orders and have counterattacked the orders whatever it is no matter how serious it is. We have ordered the Meritanians to keep their mouths shut about that situation just to keep the High Council from finding out about it.”
He folded his arms as Torresin continued talking “Your son Michael has successfully woken up with memories restored and intact in his mind. He was brought to an army group in some state I heard was Connecticut but unsure of the location. He has taken up the job of training army members' karate due to doing that to Highlanders back then. We managed to figure out from records that Highlanders are still using karate taught by Michael to fight in physical combat battles.”
He nodded his head in a short bob as Torresin continued “I believe you heard from sources of what we did to your son Ajax after he shot you. We had an ulterior motive having him fight an opponent in a cage fight. We were actually checking out this record of Michael teaching Highlanders karate to see if Ajax was fluent in the combative art method to fight in physical combat. He proved to have that when fighting but didn’t appear to be very strong in strength from the looks of him fighting a Human male really an Amula who are known among the High Council for being very strong in strength.” 
Jinks frown forming it on his lips as Torresin kept talking “The High Council have records of the Amula species in their files that are very clear detailed about them such as the race being very resistant to having their minds wiped by mind walkers no matter how powerful they are. Also files detailed that the Amula aren’t native of Shadan like some of the races here are already are but came over from Ancient Earth and aren’t known as native to any other planetary world under High Council control. It appears from the files that the High Council think the Amula are some evolved part of the Human species that happened on Ancient Earth and isn’t sure what brought that in the first place. They theorized it’s due to the other species on other controlled planetary worlds obeying their orders to extinct Humans and that made the Humans evolved to hide as gonoids just to keep their species from facing extinction.” 
Jinks spoke “I need to sit down.” 
He saw Torresin appear to agree by the head bob which he sat down in a chair and sensed Missy get on his lap tummy sitting on him. He felt sleepiness yawned hard then put a hand on his face elbow on the arm rest and shut his eyes. 
He dreamed of Lance who spoke “The High Council know of the transporting Michael out from one of their servants witnessing it and reported by word of mouth via the Meritanians to the High Council. Their aware of Builders having Hackers into their computers from servants on the mainland reading the minds of people and having the Meritanians report what the Highlander servants’ minds are saying to the High Council. Along with that the High Council are aware of computer files altered on Michael and are taking a closer eye on Victoria and Robert for anything suspicious by the Builders as for the High Council their now using word of mouth for to say their orders.”
Jinks felt annoyance hit him spoke “What do the High Council plan to do with Victoria and Robert?”
He frowned as Lance spoke “I heard nothing going to be done on those two just keep them under watched eye for transporting out along with their location tracked and that’s all I know.” 
He frowned feeling his eyes forced shut which he woke up feeling a hand on his shoulder belonging to James who spoke “The Builders aren’t finished talking to you and it was quite rude of you to fall asleep in front of them.” 
He spoke as James removed his hand and faded from view “I got information straight from a source I contact via asleep that the High Council’s minions on the mainland have been scanning people’s minds and the Meritanians have reported the mind scanning’s contents from scanning the servants’ minds to the High Council. They already know of Michael’s transporting along with orders hacked by Builders which the High Council now use word of mouth to say their orders around their home base. They haven’t done anything to Victoria or Robert but are keeping a closer eye on those two for anything done by Builders. The High Council know of files altered on Michael and possibly know of files altered on my other children which they plan to keep a closer eye on those two and track their location once their transported out. I’m not sure what the High Council has in mind to do to those two.” 
Jinks saw Torresin’s face turn into an angry glare as he continued talking “All of the Highlanders on the base including this Builder named Barry can hear the Meritanians’ spoken words which is possibly how their having the High Council relay their orders by having the plants speak them.”
He frowned as Torresin spoke in foreign language sounding lengthy and using the voice judging by his voice tone then stopped. 
He felt a headache and heard Ramses’ voice speaking in his mind saying “A Builder has been detected telling us while using the voice to quit relaying orders of the High Council anywhere including relaying information from Highlanders on the mainland and anywhere else to the High Council. We can’t do anything about that order. Another Builder has been detected telling us not to do any transportation of Highlanders by Highlander orders and it doesn’t matter where the Highlander is for we can’t transport them anywhere due to being stuck with that Builder order.” 
Jinks frowned as Ramses continued “Someone hacking into files figured out that you were relaying orders to us to relay to the Highlanders anywhere hence the Builders ordering us to keep our mouth shut on any orders said by you to the Highlanders and vice versa.” 
He frowned as he noticed Torresin’s facial expression become more glaring which he figured that Ramses was talking to the Builder while talking to himself his conversation between the High Council and others. 
Jinks sensed the headache stop as Ramses become silent followed by Torresin speaking sounding sarcastic “It serves the High Council right for their stunts they pulled using the Meritanians to do their dirty work which I’m furious about.” 
He frowned as Torresin disappeared in a flash of light followed by Sochi speaking in foreign language using the voice which the Builder appeared lying on the floor unconscious. 
He saw Sochi get up to feel Torresin’s pulse and speak “Torresin appears to be knocked out unconscious which I’ll have him transported to the hospital for checking up.”
He didn’t comment as Sochi pulled out a cell phone and spoke in foreign language on it sounding lengthy then put the device away which he frowned as the Builder stood up to fold the lap top computer in half then picked it up by handle. He eyed Torresin as James arrive picking up the Builder and hauling him out of the dining room followed by Sochi. He felt Missy dig her claws in his thighs while hearing her give off a meow sound sounding like she didn’t want him to get up while sensing the feeling from her body on his lap. He exhaled a breath to put a hand on his face and elbow on the armrest to shut his eyes while feeling sleepy sighed sensing that Lance wanted to talk to him. 
He dreamed of facing Lance who spoke “The Meritanians transported Torresin to the High Council’s throne room on orders of the High Council which Anubis knocked him out unconscious and was using him as a punching bag with his fists. Sochi managed to keep Torresin from getting further hurt by ordering the Meritanians to transport him back to where he was. Sochi's cell phone conversation was about Torresin and what he said to you and what the plants did to that Builder which Sochi was alerting his boss about what you said that caused Torresin to speak his orders.”
He frowned as Lance continued “The Builders haven’t done a no transporting Builders order on the Meritanians due to Highlander assassins have been targeting them such as torpedoes aimed at their cars which they have yelled at the plants to transport them out alive which has worked every time just to stay alive from deadly traps. The Meritanians in question haven’t said anything about the Builders issuing them to transport them or that there’s no transporting Builders order done, to the High Council. Minions of the High Council on the mainland and allied islands have figured this out and have issued the plants to transport Builders to the High Council which has only happened twice and that the Builders were knocked out before their companion witnessing the transporting issued the plants to transport them back. This has happened to Torresin and another Builder who ordered the Meritanians to not take Highlander transporting orders which got them both transported to the High Council which Anubis knocked them out and used them as a punching bag.”
He frowned forming it on his lips as Lance kept talking “I should tell you that the Builders’ leader of the Hammer group is kept secret from other Builders mostly ones who have contact with Highlanders anywhere due to Highlanders scanning their minds enough to want to bring down their leader by assassination. Also the identity of the Builders’ leader is very heavy guarded where only a few Builders, ones who have the ability to detect their minds scanned know who the leader is and have contact with this person to relay orders to the others.”
He felt his eyes forced shut woke up with a start to feel a furry face rubbing his face while hearing a meow sounding worried to him. He stared at Missy who again rubbed her face on his chin before getting off of him onto the table which he sighed getting up to reach a hand towards the cat who rubbed her head on his fingers. He sighed again to reach his other hand towards Missy to rub her back feeling it arch underneath his hand. 
He again sighed and got from Lance “Go stretch and practice karate. You need the exercise.” 
He groaned sensing Lance wasn’t kidding by his voice tone which he removed his hands from Missy to walk away out of the dining room to the gym room swinging open the doors to stare at Barry standing in the room with a glare on the Builder’s face. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke sounding serious “There’s another reason why the High Council are leaving me alive is that they think I’m the leader of the Builders’ group The Hammer.” 
He frowned to walk into the room to stand with arms folded as Barry kept talking “That belief is from their minions scanning the minds of Builders undetected who have pointed the leadership towards me. I’m not going to confirm or deny it due to things going around that suggested its best to keep my mouth shut about that.”
He nodded his head as he got a communication from Lance saying “There are actually two leaders of The Hammer group which is Barry and one another who you already met are Alexei Zesky himself.”
Jinks stiffened hearing Lance’s words as he heard Barry speak “I believe your source told you something about the leader. Just be warned that the High Council might try to get that out of you due to hearing things around the base from Highlanders claiming that you’re actually the leader and not I. Be careful of that.” 
He nodded his head as Barry kept talking “Also I was told by the High Council to deliver a message to you hence my presence here.” 
He frowned as Barry’s face turned more glaring as the Builder continued “The High Council said that they were trying to hurt you when they had Katherine’s doctor be silent about her cancer diagnose till it was too late to save her. They admitted to doing it on purpose just to bring you down mentally enough to suffer pain from her loss.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Barry’s words as the Builder added “Just be careful about accepting females as your mate, you never know when one will turn out to be an assassin.” 
He stared at Barry who disappeared in a flash of light. He groaned and sat down doing his stretching exercises feeling himself stiff but tension released. He got up with a swing up move and then proceeded to do his Kata in a black belt finding himself quite stiff from the movements but figured it was from not practicing for awhile while he was out unconscious from being poisoned and stopping the volcano. Jinks halted his karate as tears flowed from his eyes along with sadness hitting him as memories of Katherine flashed in his mind. He fell to kneeling rocking his form back and forth as the tears continued flowing while feeling the familiar pain of grief hitting him. He slid to the floor and curled into a ball shutting his eyes allowing himself to pass out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm sounding in his ear along with a weak mewing sound. He sat up feeling deadness hitting him looked around the room unseeing the items in it. He looked at the bed besides him to see Missy lying in a cat bed on the bed while wearing a cylinder collar around her neck with a bandage on her side with some pity me look in her eyes as she eyed him. He stared at Missy with the deadness feeling continuing to run through him. He got up from the bed and went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to find James lying on the floor unconscious. He looked up to see a female with his face standing in the hallway that pointed a gun device aimed at his chest. Jinks stared at her with shock running through him recognizing her as Victoria his daughter who fired the gun which he stared at her in the face. He saw no recognition in her face or eyes as he felt a stinging pain in his chest followed by sleepiness that persisted taking control as he felt a weakness feeling hitting him and fell to the floor. 
He felt the floor with his front as he moaned out “Victoria.”
Jinks felt the sleepiness persisted shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious till there was nothing. 

Jinks dreamed of standing in a room that he recognized as a bedroom in the High Council’s base. He saw Barry lying on the bed asleep that opened his eyes and appeared to stare at the ceiling with some disgusted expression on the Builder’s face. He continued to watch as Barry sat up shifting legs off the bed and picked up his cane from the floor before getting up walking by him as if not seeing him. He felt himself floating while following Barry out of the room into the hallway to the familiar bar room where he saw the same people there as before. He watched as Barry seated himself on a stool then was handed a cup by an Annukai who took it and took a sip of the drink. 
Jinks watched as Barry paused from drinking to raise the cup up loudly speaking “To the High Council’s death as said by Highlanders.” 
He heard silence in the room as Barry lowered his cup and began sipping it as the scene changed to show a large vertical cylinder tube with blue liquid inside it and saw a naked male figure in it. He felt rage arrive within him as he saw a male Highlander walk into view wearing green clothing that pulled out a syringe needle from a pocket heading towards a console next to the tube. Jinks felt his feet on solid ground struck out attacking the Highlander with his fists, legs and feet flying and seeing the male act like he was hit from his attack. He continued to attack the Highlander who fell to the ground appearing to be unconscious which he continued kicking on the side till something made him look up. He saw a familiar male he recognized as Alexei standing at the console looking in his direction with narrowed eyes while appearing to see him that appeared to press a button with his finger on the console. He raised his hands fisting them while staring at Alexei staring at him back as blackness arrived followed by a loud sound blaring loudly. Jinks felt himself lying on a bed wearing pajama pants with blankets covering his form while hearing the familiar sound of the alarm clock blaring its noises. He opened his eyes and sat up with a jerk gasping loudly as he brought a hand to his chest over his heart feeling the familiar scar markings there along with his nipple and rib indentations felt inside him. He heard a meow sound sounding strong but not weak which his eyes shifted to look on the bed besides him sitting in a cat bed was Missy without her cylinder collar or bandage on her form. He stared at Missy seeing that she appeared to be worried about him by the look in her eyes and tone as she again gave up a meow sound. He rubbed a hand on his forehead with his other hand while still having a hand on his chest. Jinks eyed the clock seeing it was eight o’clock in the morning which he ordered for sleep mode time and got no response from the computer. Jinks recalled the date he went unconscious asked for the date and was told of it which he calculated mentally that he was out for sixteen days. He exhaled a breath to remove his hands from his form to yank the blankets off of him while getting up from the bed. He went into the bathroom leaving the door ajar which he stripped himself of his pajamas and entered the shower stall letting the water clean him of the grimy feeling he felt on his form. He proceeded to use soap and shampoo then let the water clean him of that followed by getting out of the shower to dry himself. He eyed the sink counter to find his familiar folded clothing was there which he put on his form along with the shoes then brushed his hair. He walked out of the bathroom to spot Missy arching her back while standing in her cat bed who walked out of it to jump down from the bed heading towards the cat door which she went through out of sight. He exhaled a breath went to the bedroom doors to yank them open to spot James looking relieved to see him. 
Jinks spoke “What the depths happened to me?”
He stared at James who appeared to gulp by the throat motions before speaking with nervousness in his voice “I wasn’t told much. Just told that you’ll be out unconscious for awhile and that’s about it.” 
He heard the edge in James’ voice figured that the butler knew something and was hiding it. He willed the Master through to glare at James who appeared to look nervous by the look on the butler’s face. 
Jinks folded his arms and spoke “And?”
He glared at James who shook his head then spoke “Missy was shot by an intruder detected transported into your home but the Meritanians balked transporting the shooter back instead put the person to sleep who was found lying in the hallway unconscious. The shooter has been identified as some Highlander Human hybrid called Ajax who is in lock up while appearing to be withdrawing from some drugs in his system. Missy I assure you has fully recovered from the shooting.” 
Jinks turned his form towards James to speak “What else besides that?”
He continued to glare at James who spoke “That’s about it.” 
He got a communication from Lance speaking “Jinks stop the interrogation. Just go eat breakfast then hit the library I want to talk to you face to face but you need to eat first.” 
He growled an angry sound walked away from James heading towards the dining room which once inside he sat down in his familiar chair while hearing the kitchen doors banging its sound as he willed the Master away from him. He eyed them to see them still swinging feel impatience hitting him as Emma came out carrying a tray that grimace seeing his face glare at her. He glared at her as she set the tray in front of him while giving him a look expecting him to eat which he obeyed finding himself terribly hungry which he gobbled up the food and gulped down the drink. He got up and walked out of the dining room speed walking to the library which he yanked open a door and walked inside slamming a door shut heading towards a chair to sense a light show off his left which he looked with a glare to see Barry who went to a chair and pulled a book out then sat down. Jinks folded his arms glaring at Barry who didn’t appear to flinch from the glare. 
Barry spoke “Alright the High Council woke up your daughter Victoria and wiped her memories then ordered her to shoot you with some dart that had poison in it enough to knock you out for awhile. You’re completely withdrawn from the poison due to having some immunity to it. After the poisoning the Meritanians transported her to the Zeskaya Hospital while restoring her memories and knocked her out unconscious. She’s currently in a life tube due to that she’ll be safer there from being harmed or used by the High Council. ”
He growled an angry sound loudly as Barry continued ignoring the noise “The Meritanians balking transporting Ajax back to the High Council is from them claiming that the transporting made your son sicker due to the drugs in his system. He managed to shoot Missy but missed hitting any vital organs due to being too sick from the drugs in his system. He’s currently in lock up here withdrawing from the drugs with his son who was transported to help with his recovery. The withdrawal I should warn you are taking awhile due to his Highlander side is very slow to give up the drug which is common among Highlanders being drugged and going from withdrawal from drugs.” 
Jinks felt himself angry willed himself to keep calm as Barry kept talking “The Builders on their leader’s orders managed to get Robert out of the High Council’s hands into the Zeskaya Hospital where he’s in a life tube at the moment due to that it’ll keep him safe.”
He spoke as Barry paused “What the depths happened to me and the outside world while I was out?”
Jinks glared at Barry who abruptly got up followed by disappearing in a flash of light. 
He growled an angry sound heard from Lance “Sit down and sleep now. I want to talk to you.” 
He again gave up a growl as he went to a chair and sat leaning back shutting his eyes to dream of facing Lance who had a glare on his face. 
Lance spoke “You were out for fourteen days and caused havoc among people including the High Council.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as Lance kept talking “The havoc you caused was getting the Highlanders to declare the High Council dead by blaring it in their newspaper along with saying it by word of mouth. The High Council had to broadcast some airing show saying that they were alive. They still don’t know that you caused this which the Meritanians have balked talking about it.”
He continued to frown as Lance spoke “The Meritanians observed that the Builders weren’t buying that High Council is dead thing from the Highlanders and that the Humans weren’t interested in caring about it. Also you took control of Barry in front of the High Council detecting you and said that it’ll take a lot more than their poison to bring you down and that they made an enemy of you who’ll do what it takes to assassinate them.”
He felt himself stiffening hearing Lance’s words as his father’s eyes turned all black which made him nervous. 
Lance spoke “That’s not the only control you did. You took control of a Builder who voice ordered the Meritanians to transport all of the High Council members into King Winter’s Kingdom dumping them in the ocean which the plants by themselves managed to transport them back to their home base.”
Jinks felt himself gagged on the throat by Lance’s hand as his father kept talking “The Meritanians blabbed that you were responsible for the dumping due to detecting you taking control of a Builder. The High Council retaliated by having some news affiliate friendly with them broadcast that you were dead poisoned by Builders which the Humans balked believing by targeting Highlanders by having a riot.”
Jinks groaned while gagged as Lance kept talking “Word got out according to the Meritanians due to Wisers being blabby that the High Council did the poisoning and was pointing the finger of blame at the Builders due news affiliates broadcasting that both are currently having a war with each other with you as the reason for that fight. The Humans in question have appeared to taken the Builders’ side in the conflict by themselves without influence.”
Jinks continued to groan as Lance continued talking “The Shadonia heard of this conflict from Wisers blabbing it to them got involved and made it clear to the High Council and Builders to keep you out of the fight or they’ll get involved targeting both sides till both learn the lesson on keeping you out of their war. The Builders have taken that threat to heart along with the High Council which the Meritanians said that the Shadonia weren’t kidding about it.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut woke up with a gasp sound loudly while sitting leaning back in a chair in the library room eyes on the doors. He felt pressure on his lap looked down to see Missy sitting on her haunches staring at him which he reached out a hand and got it sniffed by her nose. Jinks exhaled a breath sighing loudly as he lowered his hand putting it on the armrest as he shut his eyes and figured that he’ll sleep sensing himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feeling a hand shaking him on the shoulder which he jerked open his eyes to discover the hand’s owner was James. 
He stared at James who spoke “The Doctor, I talked to, recommended that you go back to bed if your too tired to do anything but sleep and just get some rest.” 
He sighed heard from Lance “Go to bed Jinks. You could use the rest.” 
He spoke as James removed his hand “Alright I’ll go to bed and get some rest.” 
He got up feeling Missy off his lap and walked out of the room sensing the cat following him which he went to his bedroom opening and shutting the doors to the room. He sighed and eyed the bed with relief on his face as he went into his bathroom leaving the door ajar. He exchanged his clothes and shoes for pajama pants then walked out going to the bed which he yanked the blankets and got on it pulling the blankets up to his chest and sighed shutting his eyes feeling himself relieved to sleep which he felt himself passing out unconscious.

Jinks came out of unconsciousness hearing the alarm blare its noises. He discovered that he was still in bed asleep figured that he’ll keep on sleeping which he rolled over away from the noise while keeping his eyes shut only to hear a loud yowl sound in an angry tone while feeling a paw patting him on the face. Jinks sighed to roll over on his other side to keep on sleeping. He jerked open his eyes as he again heard the yowling sound very loudly in his ear while feeling Missy on top of his side poking him with her claws up and down. 
He groaned and eyed the cat to glare at her as she gave off a meow sound sounding happy before walking off of him which he sat up to again keep his eyes on her. He watched as she went to sit on her haunches and began washing her ear with her paw which he glared at till she gave off a meow sounding annoyed and her eyes having some look in them that made him think it was related to his staring. Jinks got up from the bed and stomped into the bathroom slamming the door. 

Jinks walked out of the bathroom fresh from showering wearing clean clothes and shoes exchanged from his pajamas along with his hair brushed. He saw Missy sitting on the bed in her cat bed looking in his direction with some look in her eyes that suggested to him that she didn’t do anything to wake him up. He exhaled a breath went to the bed and picked up the cat who didn’t resisted to being picked up. He held her to himself then walked to the doors to open one with a hand and walked out to meet James looking relieved to see him. Jinks adjusted his hold on the cat feeling her purring which he walked to the dining room to sit down in a chair and released his hold on Missy settling her on his lap. He stroked her back as she arched it underneath his hand then jumped down off his lap which he watched her go to her food bowl to sniff it before giving off a loud meow sound sounding angry while giving off hissing sounds. 
Jinks groaned as Emma arrived which he spoke “Do something about Missy’s food and drink. She’s having a hissy fit at the moment.”
He got a head bob from Emma who placed the tray in front of him which he watched her go to Missy’s nourishment bowls to lift them up carrying them into the kitchen. He felt himself hungry ate the food and drank the drink then got up as Emma arrived with some annoyed look on her face still carrying Missy nourishment bowls. He watched as Emma placed them in front of Missy who gave them a sniff before eating. 
He spoke “Let me guess poisoned again?”
He heard from Emma “That cat seems to have some sense alerting her of her food and drink being poisoned. She keeps giving off complaints when there’s poison in it which we find it as usual. Harrumph. This time it was the entire food bag that was poisoned. I should have checked it before giving it to her.”
He exhaled a breath spoke “At least she should be fine for now.” 
He heard a um hmm from Emma as he heard the kitchen doors bang its sound figured that she left him from sensing her gone. Jinks walked out of the dining room to the gym room figuring out that he’ll practice Karate which once inside he sat down and began doing his stretching exercises finding himself stiff but still limber to his standards. He stretched then swung himself up then began doing a Kata in the black belt rank forcing himself to take his time doing it due to sensing stiffness but his movements were still there perfectly. He finished with a bow towards a wall which he eyed the doors finding them closed and heard a faint mew sound from them along with scratching noises. He eyed the doors to see that they didn’t have a cat door which he sighed and went to them yanking one open to see Missy streak into the room. Jinks watched Missy go around the room sniffing with her nose then wander towards him to rub her head on his ankle before running out of the room out of sight. He sighed and walked out of the room shutting the door behind him and thought of Ajax remembering what James and Barry said about his son. 
He thought to himself “I might as well go see Ajax and see how he’s doing.” 
He got a communication from Lance speaking “Sorry but Ajax is in no condition to receive visitors due to going through a phase in withdrawal that is making him very violently angry. Even his son has been kept away from his father to keep him safe from him being violently angry enough to hurt him.” 
Jinks groaned a soft sound as he mentally spoke “How’s Ajax’s son whatever his name is handling this?”
He heard from Lance “The kid’s name is Jixi and he recently turned three and is quite understanding on what’s going on with his father but is still attached to him.”
He mentally spoke “Maybe I could meet Jixi?”
He heard “I wouldn’t recommend you meet Jixi for the kid will get attached to you enough to not have anything to do with his father. That’s something I want to avoid due to trying to teach Ajax a lesson on how I feel having you hurt by the High Council.” 
Jinks groaned softly sighed and walked to the library to sit in a chair feeling no book between the cushion and chair. He sat leaning back eyes on the doors thinking of things flashing in his mind. He continued to sit till James arrived opening the doors while clearing his throat.
He stared at James who spoke “It’s lunchtime, time for your required meal.” 
He didn’t protest got up and went to the dining room to find a tray holding dishware full of food and drink which he ate and drank finding himself taking his time with the nourishment. Jinks finished exhaled a breath and got up from the chair going out of the dining room to the living room which he eyed the elevator doors seeing them closed. 
He spoke loudly “James!”
Jinks waited as James arrived which he spoke “Does this building have an outdoor garden or forest someplace I could go to?”
He frowned as James appeared to have disapproval in the butler’s eyes who spoke “There’s such a place but I wouldn’t recommend you to go there. The news affiliates have spy bots floating around that could spot you and pester you with all sorts of questions enough to get you to blow your temper which they would air it.” 
He frowned feeling himself confused spoke “What are spy bots?”
He stared at James who gave up a sound of disgust and spoke “Floating recording camera machines that are linked to computers to a news affiliate’s home base office which are controlled by computer commands. The reporter can link through the computer to the bot to speak questions to their targets and record the target’s answer for broadcasting at a later date.” 
He frowned hearing James’ words who again spoke “Anything else I can do for you Master Jinks?”
He spoke “Dismissed.” 
Jinks watched as James faded from view which he sighed and went to the TV room to sit on the couch leaning back head on it eyes staring at the ceiling. 
He mentally spoke “Don’t I have anything to do besides eating, sleeping and practicing karate including amusing a furball?”
He heard nothing from Lance sighed as he got sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who was facing the Meritanians while appearing to glare at them while hearing giggling sounds from the plants. 
Jinks frowned as he heard Lance speak sounding angry “Admit it Ramses you and your sisters lied about Ajax being too sick to be transported by dumping him in the Builders’ hands along with Jixi just to get the kid to be influenced enough to manipulate his father to stop obeying the High Council.” 
He frowned hearing Lance’s words shifted his eyes towards the Meritanians who kept giving off giggling sounds while appearing to have mirth on their faces. 
He again heard Lance speaking “I can’t believe you managed to pull that trick on the High Council who from sources are aware that it’s a joke from having someone named Nameless say that your balking to transport Ajax due to sickness was a lie. The High Council has been busy ordering you to transport Ajax back but you have been balking the order by keep giving up the excuse of being sick with a medical ailment which Nameless has said that it’s a lie.” 
Jinks formed a frown on his lips as he stared at the Meritanians that were still giggling as Lance continued talking “I wouldn’t be surprised if the High Council put the reason for this joke on my son holding him responsible for it instead of thinking it was by your own choice.” 
He felt annoyance hit him sensed it was from Lance who stopped talking which he eyed the Meritanians to see Ramses bow his head before speaking “Sorry, Horus had nothing to do with this joke we’re playing. Oh Ajax is in no condition to be transported at the moment. He’s sensed to be going through a phase in his drug withdrawal that has him violently angry enough to lash out hurting people. I doubt that you have the resources to handle him like that. Even his son Jixi has been kept away from Ajax but the kid seems to get it what’s going on with his father.” 
He frowned hearing Ramses’ words that paused from talking to raise his head giving off a disgusted expression on his face. He heard nothing from Lance but sensed his father was annoyed by the annoyance feeling felt within him as he felt his eyes forced shut. 

Jinks came to feel a purring vibration on his lap and heard a soft meow sound sounding in a worried tone. He sighed to look down at the cat tummy sitting on his lap as he adjusted his sitting position till he was sitting up straighter a bit while sensing the cat adjust herself to his movements. Jinks sighed again and sensed himself filmed which he frowned as he heard a whirring noise followed by a large Human head sized round grey ball appeared in his eyes sight which he stared at sensing it was filming him. 
Jinks heard a squeaky voice come from it saying “This is the FBI. We have questions that require answers.”
He heard Missy yowl and get off his lap as he willed the Master through while glaring at the thing he figured was a spy bot that became near his face. 
He again heard the squeaky voice say “Care to explain your eyes changing colors?”
Jinks waved a hand mentally ordering the spy bot to jam which he heard the whirring noise stop followed by the thing falling on the couch bouncing off onto the floor with a crash. He got up and eyed the spy bot to bring his foot on top of it and brought it down crunching the thing to hear it give up a whining sound followed by silence as he sensed the filming stop. 
Jinks went to the doors swinging them open and yelled “James!” 
He folded his arms and waited impatiently as the butler arrived. 
He spoke “Dispose of that spy bot on the floor and keep them out of my home period. I won’t tolerate having them in my home for I’ll destroy them period.” 
Jinks glared at James who looked annoyed spoke “That spy bot was from the FBI. Yes they’ll send another one to interview you due to having government access.  The FBI thinks you won’t be willing to talk to them face to face from your behavior when you had previous talks with them face to face.” 
Jinks spoke “Tell the FBI to keep their noses out of my private life for I’m don’t want to talk about it or anything involving me in the past or any unusual abilities I seem to have.”
He heard James speak “I would do that but the impression is the FBI want detailed records of you and your life along with you to explain some of those things they want answers to.” 
He gave up a disgusted sound felt Missy rubbing her face on his ankle bent down and picked up the cat who didn’t protest from the actions which he straightened up his form cradling her in his arms. 
He spoke “Just have the FBI contact the Master Organization for details on me. They should be willing to say what the FBI wants about me. That should spare them from pestering me with questions. Excuse me.” 
He walked forwards only to get blocked by James stepping in his way with a glare on the butler’s face. Jinks narrowed his eyes as James gestured to his eyes and pointed a finger at him which he growled a soft sound willed the Master away from him followed by the butler stepping out of his way. He walked out of the TV room still carrying Missy which he went to the library and opened a door with one hand then slammed it shut behind him. He went to a chair and sat and felt Missy squirm in his arms which he adjusted her till she was sitting on his lap and felt her tummy sit on him as he leaned back in the chair sighing loudly. He heard her yowl of annoyance followed by her getting off his lap as he again felt the filming sensation and looked around to spot a spy bot floating near the ceiling which he again heard it identify itself from the FBI and saying it wanted questions answered. Jinks willed the Master through got up from the chair and waved a hand towards the spy bot watching it fall to the floor with a loud crash and sensed the filming stop seeing it break apart. Jinks went to the library doors and yanked them open yelling for the butler. He waited as James arrived with annoyance on the butler’s face. 
Jinks spoke “Get the FBI to remove all of their spy bots out of my apartment and dispose this spy bot while you’re at it. I’m not answering questions unless they proved to have spoken to the Master Organization about me and wanted a further explanation to some things they want explained. I prefer they do this face to face instead of intruding on my privacy with spy bots in my apartment. I’m not interested in talking to spy bots period.” 
He saw James nod his head as he stormed out of the library walking to his bedroom opening the doors and swinging them shut behind him which he went to a chair and sat leaning back sighing loudly while willing the Master away from him. Jinks sat leaning back again sensed the filming which he willed the Master through him to look around the room to spot near the ceiling above him was a spy bot. He again heard the squeaky voice identifying it as FBI which he got up and walked to the doors sensing the thing following him which he went into the hallway and waited as the thing got out of his bedroom through the open doors. Jinks waved a hand and mentally ordered the spy bot to jam and saw it crash hitting the floor which he sensed the filming stop followed by its silence. Jinks again yelled for James to see the butler arrive still look annoyed. 
He spoke “Get the FBI to stop putting spy bots in my home. I want my privacy and my peace and quiet. I don’t want it intruded by some spy bot from the FBI asking me questions when they can get it from the Master Organization. Just tell the FBI to stop doing that intruding or I’ll seek a lawyer to have whoever thought of this idea fired from their job period.”
Jinks saw James form disapproval on the butler’s face as the Builder spoke “Having the person fired from their job isn’t a good thing due to that the economy is quite bad at the moment.” 
He spoke “Whatever. Just keep the spy bots out.” 
He walked away going into his bedroom slamming the doors shut behind him then went to a chair to sit leaning back sighing loudly. He willed the Master away from him sensing no spy bots in the room and sensing his peace and quiet was achieved. Jinks sighed again and rested his head on the chair’s front sighing loudly. He heard a meow sounding happy followed by pressure of paws on his lap which he sensed was Missy sitting on his lap and looked down to stare at her as she settled herself on his lap to tummy sit. He reached a hand and rubbed her back hearing her give off a meow sounding like she didn’t want to be petted but wanted to sit on his lap. He obeyed to put his hands and arms on the arm rests as he leaned his head back in the chair and sighed loudly again. Jinks exhaled a breath to hear a knocking sound on his bedroom doors which he looked at with annoyance as James entered the room clearing his throat loudly. 
He glared at James who spoke “The Master Organization according to reports isn’t forthcoming with information on you when asked by the FBI hence they pestering you with questions.”
He spoke “Fine I order the Master Organization to be forthcoming with information on me when asked by the FBI just to stop them from pestering me with questions like you said.” 
He saw James nod his head as he added “Dismissed James.” 
He watched as James left the room shutting the doors which he sat and willed himself to calm despite feeling anger hitting him. He heard a meow sound sounding worried which he figured was Missy upset with his angry feeling felt through her while sitting on him. Jinks willed his mediation techniques through to breathe deeply through his nose as he felt himself calming down from his anger to sigh softly as he felt Missy’s chin on his arm followed by a vibration of her purring felt. He allowed the purring vibration to calm him down as he sighed softly then looked down at the cat to see that she appeared to have fallen asleep despite the purring rumbling through her still form. He sighed to feel annoyance hit him as there was a door knocking sound followed by James entering the room doing his throat sounds again. 
Jinks spoke with annoyance in his tone “Yes?”
He glared at James who spoke sounding annoyed “The Master Organization according to sources is balking your order saying its none of people’s business to know what’s special about you including telling that to the FBI who issued that they’ll get the information straight from you if they didn’t talk. The Master Organization in response has set off a lawsuit against the FBI claiming invasion of privacy according to some little known privacy law involving legal groups and their leaders. This was broadcasted on TV according to one of the guards watching some soap opera which the guard thinks the press will have a field day about it.” 
Jinks felt himself annoyed spoke as James paused “Good I don’t like having my privacy invaded by FBI or people so I support the Master Organization’s lawsuit in that matter. Just see that the Master Organization’s lawsuit teaches peepers to keep out of my life and leave my privacy alone.” 
He saw James nod his head as he added “Dismissed James.” 
Jinks heard James speak “I would but its time for your required meal which you’ll find on the table in the dining room.” 
He exhaled a breath to lift up Missy who gave up a yowl sounding annoyed which he placed her down on the floor as he got up from the chair. He walked out of the bedroom to see the mess the spy bot left on his hallway floor was gone which he went to the dining room to find what James said a tray holding dishware of food. He sighed and sat and began eating his food and drinking his drink leaving nothing left then got up and walked out of the dining room to head to the library which once inside he sat down to lean back in the chair. Jinks exhaled a breath as a light flashed off his right which he looked to see Barry pull out a book from between the chair and cushion before sitting down. 
He stared at Barry who spoke “The Master Organization balking on talking to the FBI is that their trying to keep your status as a deity lord intact due to knowing information on you that points to something else instead of being a living God. The FBI’s nosiness is urged by the High Council secretly through other sources that are trying to shred the God status to get people to stop seeing you as a deity lord enough for the Highlanders to target you easily to be brought down.” 
Jinks felt himself disgusted hearing Barry’s words as the Builder kept talking “The Master Organization’s balking is being ordered by The Hammer who is aware of what the High Council is doing to you. The Hammer I should warn you have control of the higher levels of the Master Organization and is spreading their influence down the ranks. Their belief towards the High Council is spreading very rapidly among the members of the Master Organization including Highlander members who are in the group Scotland that don’t support the High Council but are loyal to you. The Highlander members in question were the ones who came up with the idea of hitting the FBI with invasion of privacy lawsuit which I suspect that the press will have a field day about it.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath as Barry continued “The High Council sent me to deliver a message with contents said to make you suffer pain according to them. Their threatening to hurt your children if you don’t publicity announced that you’re not a living god but according to them some sort of Human with alien species in you that makes you lived for a long time.”
Jinks groaned softly hearing Barry’s words as the Builder gave him a glare as if hearing him groan which he cut off his sound to stare as Barry spoke with firmness in the voice tone “The High Council’s words on hurting your children is nothing but a worded threat. They won’t go through with hurting your children due to seeing them as breeding soldiers from them which they are seeing with Ajax and have already done to your son. They are currently interested in doing the same to your other children as in using them to breed soldiers for fighting in wars and doing assassinations hence they interested in keeping those three alive for that.” 
He exhaled a breath as Barry got up from the chair and added “The High Council doesn’t have control of what I tell you when they sent me to deliver messages to you.”
He saw Barry disappear in a flash of light which he sighed and leaned back in the chair exhaling a breath through his mouth. He sighed softly as he felt paws on his lap followed by a meow sound sounding worried as he felt Missy settle on his lap to tummy sit. He sighed keeping his hands to himself feeling himself calm from her purring vibrations felt from the cat. 
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who spoke “Barry is right on what he said about your children. The High Council have taken up an obsession about breeding soldiers who have your powers for fighting in wars and doing assassinations while raised influenced by them and their beliefs.” 
He groaned loudly as Lance continued talking “Barry is also correct on what he said about the High Council not having control on what he says to you. He has figured out how to turn off the listening device on his restraints he wears around his neck and wrists which he has done that when he’s in your presence just to keep the High Council from knowing what’s he’s saying to you. They can always scan his mind for his memories of what he said to you but I doubt that they’ll be able to do that. His mind from conversing with him has made Highlanders go mentally insane from trying to deep scan him for memories from knowledge of that over time whenever he met Highlanders that turned out to gone insane in front of him which he has figured its from deep scanning his mind.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as Lance added “The Builders have given the Meritanians a no transporting your children order to the High Council’s home base location but given the plants permission to transport them anywhere else. The Meritanians from observing them don’t seem interested in transporting your children to Highlanders supporters of the High Council anywhere on the mainland or allied islands or to boats traveling to Australia Atoll.”
Jinks formed a frown on his lips as Lance kept talking “I’m not sure why their not interested but I get the feeling that the plants are feeling angry at the High Council on something which they have refused to say what it is when I asked them. I’m not going to press them to say what got them furious about due to that the Highlanders on the base can hear them talk anywhere in the Australia Atoll area and might say something to get the Meritanians to stop being angry at the High Council. That’s something I’m not keen on.” 
He nodded his head as he felt his eyes forced shut followed by waking up in the library room feeling a cat curled up in a ball on his lap and sensed she was snoozing. He sighed to look down to stare at Missy who appeared to be asleep on his lap as he heard a door knocking sound followed by doors opening and a throat clearing noise. 
Jinks looked up to see James in the room who spoke “According to sources the press is having a field day with the Master Organization’s lawsuit that the news affiliates are currently putting the FBI in a bad light. The FBI has retaliated against the Master Organization by setting off a lawsuit as in accusing them of slandering their reputation.”
Jinks gave off a disgusted sound as James continued talking “There are reports going around that the FBI’s lawsuit has no merit according to legal sources and will probably get dismissed in court by a judge. The Master Organization’s lawsuit according to legal sources will probably get settled out of court by the FBI trying to avoid more bad press by the news affiliates slandering them at the moment.” 
Jinks frowned as James added “The FBI will probably back off trying to find out about you once they settle the Master Organization’s lawsuit out of court. They might try to question you again later once the fuss the press is doing dies down enough to do the questioning again. I recommended that you use your leadership status in the Master Organization to keep the FBI from questioning you in the future and to keep your life private as you wish.” 
He nodded his head as James continued “Anything else Master Jinks?”
He spoke “Dismissed James and shut the doors.” 
He watched as the butler obeyed shutting the doors to the room which he eyed them to spot a cat door in one of them which he figured that it was how Missy got into the room. He sighed to look down at Missy who he watched adjusted her head position but kept on sleeping while on his lap. He exhaled a breath through his mouth and sighed softly as he watched Missy sleep on his lap watching her adjust her positions a few times while still sleeping on him. He watched her sleep till she woke up stretching her body as if sensing him spying on her before getting off his lap and walking out of the room through the cat door. He sighed to sit thinking to himself about being glad to have Missy in his life due to that she gave him something he craved which was companionship. He sighed again and got up from the chair going to the doors yanking them open and frowned seeing James in the hallway hand up about to knock on the doors he yanked open. 
Jinks stared at James who lowered his hand and then the butler spoke “The stinking Highlanders did it again. They poisoned Missy’s water which was bottled water but is now given purified tap water because of that.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing James’ words that looked at him expecting him to say something. 
He spoke “I suspect it’ll take awhile before the Highlanders finally quit for good due to knowing how stubborn they are.” 
He got no comment from James added “Dismissed James.” 
He saw James fade from view which his feet took him to his bedroom doors to sense a light show behind him which he spun around to see a female Shadonian wearing ragged clothing that acted threatening. He stared at her folding his arms and willed the Master through to narrow his eyes as she charged at him before halting in front of him to wave her clawed hands in his face which he didn’t flinch from it. He continued to stare at her as she did the hand waving before disappearing in a flash of light followed by another flash of light down the hallway which he saw a male Shadonian wearing ragged clothing holding a stick gun in his hand and fire it aimed at him which he fell in a perfect split to hear wood splintering sounds behind him. Jinks used karate to swing his legs together and swung himself up which he saw the male again aimed his gun at him. He mentally ordered the gun to jam and found his orders obeyed by the gun giving off clunking noises as the male charged at him swinging the weapon. He waited as the male arrived swinging the gun at him which he ducked and proceeded to use karate on the male while avoiding the gun swung at him. He halted from karate as if compelled to see the male disappear in a flash of light as he saw James standing in the hallway with golden eyes and a furious expression on his face. Jinks didn’t comment as James spoke in foreign language sounding like he was using the voice a lengthy talk then went silent clearing his throat. 
He stared at James who spoke “I ordered the Meritanians to dump the High Council into the ocean of King Winter’s Kingdom. I’ll keep giving that order if the Meritanians won’t stop transporting assassins into your home to try to take you down which I’ll retaliate for that.”
Jinks nodded his head as James disappeared in a flash of light which he growled out mentally yelling “Ramses transport my butler back now!”
He waited as James appeared looking all wet all over who looked annoyed. 
He spoke “Don’t tell me that the plants dumped you in the ocean in King Winter’s kingdom?”
James spoke “Actually it’s a rainstorm outside and they transported me outside there hence me wet. I’ll be indisposed for awhile due to having to attend to this stunt the plants did to me.” 
He nodded his head as James faded from view leaving water drops on the floor leading away from him in a path down the hallway as he willed the Master away from him. He exhaled a breath went to the dining room to stand in front of the kitchen doors which he looked around for a clock and found nothing indicated the time. He recalled a clock in the gym room walked to it and yanked open the doors which he went inside and stared at the clock finding it was early for dinner time figured that he practice some karate. Jinks went into his familiar Kata then stopped with a bow towards the doors to find them still open but Missy sitting in the hallway appearing to be watching him. He sat down and began doing his stretching exercises and then swung himself to stand. He sighed and walked out of the room shutting the doors while eying the cat moving out of his way as he went into the hallway. He sighed again and bent down to pet the cat that arched her back underneath his hand. Jinks lifted up Missy who didn’t protest to being lifted up which he straightened his form and held her cradling the cat close to his chest with his arms. He walked down the hallway going to the dining room which once inside his nose smelled food which he saw a tray full of dishware holding food on the table. He sighed and gently placed Missy down on the floor then went to the table to sit down eating his food and drinking his drink taking his time with the eating and drinking till he was done. He heard yowling sounds coming from the cat behind him looked to see her sitting in front of her food and water bowls looking angry which he sighed seeing that the food bowl was empty and she wanted to eat. He got up carrying the tray with a hand and rapped his hand on the kitchen doors loudly which he waited as Emma peered out opening a door a bit. 
He spoke “Here I’m done and please get Missy something to eat. She’s having a fit due to that her food bowl is empty." 
He saw Emma nod her head widening the door to taking his tray and disappeared into the kitchen with the door swinging shut behind her. He went to the dining room entrance to stand facing the kitchen doors watching as Emma came out hands empty of the tray to lift up Missy’s food bowl and carried it into the kitchen which he waited patiently as she came out with food in the bowl and set it down in front of the cat that ate its contents. He sighed figuring that he’ll go to the TV room and sit which he went to and sat on the couch rubbing his forehead while leaning forward. He heard the doors open but no throat clearing noise was followed as he sensed someone sit on the couch next to him followed by a hand on his arm feeling feminine. Jinks looked to see a blond Human female that looked at him with some look with her brown eyes that made his senses blare warning. He frowned to stand up as the female stood up which he stared at her as her hand touched him on the chest. His senses again blared warning which he frowned feeling confused as his hands grabbed her wrists yanking her hand off of him which he put her wrists together with one hand then felt the back of her neck despite she struggling to feel a familiar hook which he yanked off taking off her hair showing a Highlander with black short hair which he dropped the mask and threw a fist into her face and saw her faint which he let her go down to the floor. Jinks grabbed her arm noting her clothes were Peasant wear and the mask up which he dragged her out of the TV room to the elevator finding the doors shut and heard a faint noise telling him that the elevator was in motion. He laid her on the floor and put the mask on her chest then stood with arms folded. 
He got a communication from Lance saying “Hit the library now!”
He obeyed darting to the library to yank open the doors to find Barry inside to his shock which he shut the doors behind him and went to sit while staring at the Builder. 
Barry spoke “I’m not sure who but someone got an idea that you should have a female as your mate and wife started this contest for females Humans only to compete for the title of Empress and being your mate and wife.”
He frowned as Barry kept talking “This contest is currently in the beginning stages being advertised for females to sign up competing for the grand prize. Their starting with towns and cities at the moment which the selected female will go to compete for the state title such as New York then after that will be a national title for the mainland. I’m unsure about allied islands having that contest and whether the selected female will compete against state winners or the mainland winner. I’m not sure how they plan to have you compared to those females once their selected.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing Barry’s words as the Builder continued talking “Also I suspect that both the High Council and the Hammer group will rig the competition just to make sure that the female influenced by either group is picked. I wouldn’t be surprised about that.” 
He heard an edge in Barry’s voice figured that the Builder wasn’t fully saying the whole truth to him but kept his mouth shut as the male added “Just be warned about what I told you.” 
Jinks nodded his head as Barry got up disappearing in a flash of light. 
He heard from Lance “The High Council have figured out how to keep Barry from turning off his listening device on his restraints hence he not saying everything fully.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth as he again heard Lance speak “The High Council have heard of the contest and is thinking of using a female assassin under their influence to either bring you down or shred your reputation as a God deity once she is established as Empress and your mate. The Hammer is aware of the High Council’s thinking have been keeping an eye on the contest and making sure that the female selected isn’t under Highlander influence. Also the Hammer thinks this contest will die down due to that not many females have signed up for it despite the attention advertising the competition.”
He didn’t comment as Lance yelled “Get up and hide behind the chair now! Trouble is coming!”
Jinks obeyed to get up and darted behind the chair kneeling on the floor while bent to peer underneath the chair eyes aimed at the door which he saw were thrust open followed by gun shot blasts rapid fire paced that he sensed hit the chair he was hiding behind but the bullets weren’t aimed at his position. Jinks saw a pair of army combat boots walk into view along with dressy shoes with black pants come into view to stand next to the boots. 
He figured that the dressy shoes were belonging to James which he heard the butler’s voice speaking “I suspect the Meritanians transported the Master elsewhere.” 
He adjusted his position to peer besides the chair to see a Human male wearing army clothing and a long gun in his hand that made him think it was a rapid fire gun that looked furious while glaring at James. 
Jinks willed the Master through as the male with gun spoke “You expect me to buy that explanation Mister fancy suit? He’s somewhere around the place and I aim to get him dead period.” 
Jinks waved a hand willing the gun to jam then stood up speaking “I’m right here.” 
He saw the male aim the gun at him in a quick move followed by loud clicking sounds with frustration forming on the man’s face. Jinks stepped around the chair till he was closer to the butler and male with gun who dropped the gun and pulled out a smaller hand gun which he waved a hand mentally ordering it to jam as the male pointed the gun aimed at him with clicking noises heard. 
Jinks spoke “You care to explain why you want me dead?”
He glared at the male who showed shock on his face followed by fear and then darted away with James fading from view. He followed to see the male flat on the floor face forwards in the hallway and James in position like he tripped the man. Jinks went to the male grabbing the man’s shirt by the back and lifted him up a bit while putting his other hand on the male’s throat gagging him quite a bit. 
Jinks spoke “Now explain to me your attitude!”
Jinks let go of the male’s shirt to order paralysis to hit the male from below the neck but kept his hold on the man’s throat holding him up till he was face to face with him. He glared at the male who showed fear in his face before rolling his eyes and he felt the male’s pulse stop as he sensed the man gave up his life. Jinks dropped the man on the floor with disgust running through him to eye James standing in the hallway. 
James spoke “There’s a special tooth implant that has some kind of poison in it when broken can be swallowed and then the person dies from that. I suspect that’s what happened to the assassin here hence he dead.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust spoke “James dispose of this garbage out of my home now.” 
He heard a will do from James as he walked to his bedroom to find the doors looking intact which he opened them and slamming them shut as he entered the room. Jinks went to a chair to sit leaning back eyes staring at the ceiling as he felt sleepiness shut his eyes and dreamed of facing Lance who appeared to be glaring at the Meritanians. 
Jinks cleared his throat loudly which got Lance to look at him as his father spoke “That male Human assassin was transported from an army group to the High Council’s home base which his memories were wiped clean and he was given orders to assassinate you along with killing himself whether he succeeded or not.” 
Jinks felt himself furiously angry hearing Lance’s words felt his father’s hands on his chest and forehead forcing him to be calm. 
Lance added “That contest to find an Empress was started by a Highlander loyal to the High Council who was hoping to use a female assassin to bring you down. I doubt that the contest will become popular due to that not many females have signed up for it. Along with the news affiliates aren’t interested in broadcasting advertising for the contest so I doubt that it’ll become popular.” 
Jinks frowned hearing his father’s words as Lance forced his eyes shut. He jerked his eyes open finding himself in the library sitting in a chair and not in his room while feeling cat claws digging into his thighs along with pressure of a cat sitting on his lap. Jinks looked down at Missy who was tummy sitting on him which he brought a hand and rubbed her back and heard her give off a meow sounding like she didn’t want to be petted. Sighing he looked at the table next to his chair to see a book lying open in the middle flat on the pages which he picked up keeping the book’s place to realize it was the book he started reading awhile back and ignored which he figured to himself that he might as well read it. Jinks read the book discovering it was a romance novel by the sex scene mentioned in it. He exhaled a breath discovering the theme was Great Britain that reminded him of his time there as he continued to read the book. He felt Missy adjust her position to curl into a ball with form still but breathing felt. Jinks heard a door knocking sound followed by doors opening and a throat clearing noise which he looked up from the book to feel disgust hitting him. He saw James standing near the doorway and besides the butler were three men wearing suits and all having sunglasses on their faces as one of them held up a wallet with a badge identifying them as federal agents. Jinks felt himself further disgusted put the book on the table flat where he was in it marking his spot and folded his arms. 
He heard sneezing sounds from one of the federal agents as one spoke “We have questions we like you to answer such as you care to explain your eye changing ability?”
Jinks kept his mouth shut forming a thin line with his mouth as the federal agent continued to speak “We have recordings of you changing your eyes to an all night sky color and back. You care to explain that ability?”
Jinks instead of answering unfolded his arms and picked up his book and began reading it as he again heard sneezing sounds from one of the federal agents. He sense Missy get off his lap with a yowl sounding annoyed and sensed her get underneath the chair he was sitting in as he read the book. The book was abruptly grabbed out of his hands as his arms were grabbed forcing him to stand followed by forcing them behind him as handcuffs were put on his wrists. 
He felt annoyance as he was forced walked out of the room by the federal agents to the elevator which one of them spoke “Lobby.” 
He felt the elevator go down as the two of the federal agents kept a tight grip on his arms which once the elevator reached the floor he was forced out towards the entrance and taken out of the building into the glare of sunlight and glare of news affiliated people. He heard crowd chatter overlapping as he was hauled to a van between the crowds and forced inside to sit in a seat with federal agents besides him as the third got into the shotgun seat next to the driver. He kept his eyes staring out the window facing him as the van drove through the city and reached a building stopping to park at the curb. He felt himself forced out and recognized the building as the police precinct he stayed in accused of murdering a female named Elina Soto as he was brought inside the building then taken down the stairs to another door leading to a hallway with doors on the sides and windows next to them which he was brought to a room illuminated by a spot light shining overhead and forced to sit in a chair behind a table. He kept his mouth shut as the handcuffs were taken off of him and his left wrist was handcuffed to the table forced by the federal agents. Jinks sensed himself filmed as he looked around the room to spot a police officer standing behind an object on a tripod stand he sensed was a recording device as a federal agent sat down across the table from him. 
He eyed the federal agent with distaste running through him as the man spoke “I hope you cooperate this time. Just make things go smoothly and you’ll be able to get home before you know it.” 
Jinks heard the sarcasm in the man’s voice along with an edge that told him that the male wasn’t telling him everything fully. 
He stared at the federal agent who again spoke “Now I’ll repeat my question and I expect an answer. You care to explain your eye changing ability?”
Jinks instead of answering shifted his eyes towards the handcuffs examining them which he saw that they were just regular restraints easily freed his wrist from them then leaned back folding his arms adjusting the chair to put his feet and legs on the table crossed together while staring at the federal agent. 
He again heard the familiar question kept his mouth shut as the man added “Talk or I’ll have you go to prison.”
Jinks spoke “I already been to jail-”
He was interrupted by Lance mentally speaking “Don’t mention your conviction and prison sentence to that fool or he’ll use it against you.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as the federal agent spoke “When was this?”
Jinks responded “Awhile back from being accused of killing some female named Elina Soto really some assassin named Black Widow.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as he eyed the federal agent to feel a prick of pain in his leg from the man touching him there which he saw held a syringe needle. 
He swung his legs off the table as the federal agent spoke “God or not I find it impossible for you to be one. Whatever secret you have that makes you like a God I’ll find out and so will the public.” 
He heard the firmness in the male’s tone and saw a sneer on the man’s lips as he felt himself getting sleepy stood up from the chair only to fall to the floor feeling his legs no longer holding him up as sleepiness persisted overtaking him till he felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the sound of an alarm clock jerked open his eyes finding himself in his bedroom in the penthouse still dressed in his clothes and shoes as he sensed himself irritated. He exhaled a breath to glare at the clock seeing it was eight o’clock in the morning and asked for the date which he heard the computer says it. He calculated that it was the next day from himself being darted unconscious as he groaned wondering what happened to him after the darting. He heard nothing from Lance as he eyed the bathroom doorway and figured he might as well get up and go use it. 

Jinks came out fresh from showering wearing clean clothes and shoes on his feet and his hair brushed along with irritations gone from him. He heard a meow sound coming from his bed which he looked to see Missy in her cat bed tummy sitting in it that yawned before curling into a ball and appeared to have fallen asleep. He sighed and went to the bedroom doors opening them to see James in his familiar spot with a familiar look on the butler’s face. 
Jinks spoke “You know anything about what happened to me after the federal agents hauled me out of my home?”
He stared at James who appeared to look nervous spoke “I heard that you were taken to a police precinct and brought out by stretcher which the ambulance took you to here and you were brought inside to your home. I also heard that the Master Organization has brought up another lawsuit against the FBI on your behalf for their illegal arrest and detaining you along with darting you unconscious.”
Jinks felt annoyance hit him as James kept talking “The lawsuit I heard was based on invasion of privacy due to reports of the FBI asking you private questions and threatening you arrest if you didn’t answer their questions or give them what they wanted answered. Also the FBI in respond to the lawsuit issued a public statement claiming that the nosiness was the work of renegade federal agents and that they had nothing to do with it.” 
Jinks felt himself angry hearing James’s words as the butler continued speaking “As for the public their not buying the FBI’s explanation by news affiliates asking people around the city who said that the FBI has gone too far with their invading your privacy and should leave you alone regardless of who you are.”
He willed himself to calm as James became silent eyes staring at him which he spoke “I suspect that the High Council is behind the FBI’s nosiness. The High Council at a prior meeting has told me that they’ll do what it takes to bring me down due to seeing me as an enemy.”
He heard nothing from James but a throat clearing noise which he walked passed the butler going to the dining room to sit at the table waiting as Emma arrived carrying a tray which she set down in front of him and gave him a familiar look expecting him to take in the nourishment which he obeyed. 
Jinks ate up the food and drank up the drink then once finished got up and left the dining room going to the living room which he yelled “James!”
He stood and waited as James arrived with a questioning look on his face. 
He spoke “When’s the next scheduled meeting for Table members? I like to see if I can attend it.” 
He stared at James who appeared to look nervous before speaking with a hint of fear in his voice “I’m not sure if I can comply with that order. It’s not one of my duties as your butler.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing the edge in James’ voice sensed something was unsaid by the butler figured to himself that he’ll ask Lance spoke “Fine.” 
He walked away going to the TV room and once inside shut the doors then mentally spoke “Father what’s really going on around here?”
He heard nothing from Lance along with feeling no sleepiness exhaled a breath to again mentally repeat his question in a yelling tone. 
He heard from Lance sounding irritated “Jinks I’m busy at the moment so don’t disturb me.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing Lance’s words leaned forwards on the couch as he thought of Ajax coming to his mind mentally thought to himself “I might as well ask for progress on Ajax due to wanting to know what’s going on with him.” 
He heard nothing from Lance got up going to the TV room doors yanking them open then yelled for the butler. 
He waited as James arrived which he spoke “You heard anything on this captured intruder named Ajax as in progress report on him?”
He frowned as James spoke “Sorry I haven’t been updated on Ajax but will try to find out. As far as I know of he’s still contained in the building going through some drug withdrawal according to physicians that examined him.” 
Jinks frowned further which he spoke “Does this Ajax have any family helping him with his withdrawal?”
He heard from James “I’m not sure but I’ll find out for you, anything else?”
He spoke “I like to know progress reports as soon as possible and that’s all I request, dismissed James.” 
He watched as James faded from view which he sighed and left the TV room figuring that he’ll go to the library and finish reading his book due to recalling coming upon a fight scene between the main character a male and another male and wanting to know how it turned out. Jinks sighed again as he went to the library and went inside manipulating the doors then went to sit down which he found his book lying on the table shut and not marking where he was in it. He groaned and picked up the book scanning through it for his place till he recalled the page number he was on which he turned it to and began reading the fight scene seeing that the main character was trying to put down a male that was very drunk. Jinks exhaled a breath recalling himself fighting off a drunk male when he lived in Great Britain and using karate to knock down the man and then later accused of being with the Highlanders due to the fighting style he used. He exhaled a breath to continue reading the book to finish the chapter then kept reading it despite the sex scenes mentioned in it. He felt during his reading Missy get on his lap to walk in a circle before sitting on him curled in a ball and sensed she had fallen asleep by her still form with breathing motions felt. Jinks continued to read the book engrossed in it till he heard a loud ahem sound which he lowered it to look at the doors to find them open and James standing there. 
James spoke “A report on Ajax as you requested which I have found out. Ajax at the moment is going through a drug withdrawal phase associated with Highlanders due to being a hybrid of both Highlander and Human. The phase according to physicians monitoring him is being violently angry and showing no remorse when he targets people with his fists and it doesn’t matter if their family or not. Ajax currently has a three year old son named Jixi that has been helping him with his withdrawal but at the moment the boy is being kept from his father when it was apparent he entered a phase in the withdrawal involving being violent and angry. The physicians have reported that Jixi being kept away from his father is for the child’s safety due to fearing that Ajax will cause physical harm and causes damage to his relationship with his son something they wish to avoid due to sensing that the kid has some attachment towards his parent.”
Jinks exhaled a breath as he spoke as James paused “Did the physicians say how long Ajax will be in that phase?”
He stared at James who spoke “The phase according to physicians vary on time frames among Highlanders and they don’t know how long it’ll take before Ajax stops being violently angry. They suspect it might take awhile due to that Ajax has been resisting their efforts to do blood tests and scans on him which would have given them clues on what’s going on within his body systems enough to theorize when the phase will stop.”
He heard nothing from James as the butler stared at him with a familiar look which he spoke “Is that all you found out?”
He saw James nod his head as he added “Fine but keep me updated and dismissed James.” 
He watched as James left the room shutting the doors which he went back to his book and continued to read it. He read the novel engrossed in it till he heard Missy give off a yowl sound followed by getting off his lap which he placed the book on the table marking his place and eyed the doors. He saw them open by James entering the room clearing his throat followed by three familiar men that he recognized as federal agents which one identified them as that while hearing sneezing sounds from one of the agents. He eyed the agent sneezing to figure that the man was allergic to Missy from his sneezing sounds and looking sick with a cold. 
He felt disgust along with a filming sensation as the one who held up the wallet spoke “You care to explain your eye changing ability?”
Jinks shook his head no and spoke “I’m a God remember. I don’t need to answer questions about that. Besides your companion is acting like he’s allergic to my cat that’ll get brave enough to claw his leg with her claws.”
He eyed the federal agent who formed a sneer on his lips and spoke “God or not I’ll find out what makes you one and the public will find out for its impossible for you to be a deity lord. I’ll see to it that this deity lord status is shredded.” 
He heard a sneezing sound followed by foreign language spoken by the sneezing agent followed by the agent who spoke then silence. 
Jinks spoke “Give my regards to the High Council and tell them nice try.”
He heard from the three agents “Argh!”
Jinks eyed the wallet hold up agent who stomped his foot then pointed a finger at him and spoke “One way or another your going down period.” 
He spoke “I don’t think so Mister federal agent. It’ll take a lot more that worded threats to bring me down. I’ll see that you three are fired from your jobs period for this stunt your pulling asking me personal questions about my personal life. So get out of here now.” 
He watched as the federal agents without a word left the room going out to the hallway and out of sight followed by James behind them shutting the doors shut which he picked up his book and began reading it finding himself engrossed with the contents as he sensed Missy again got on his lap and fell asleep on him. 
He continued to read the novel till he heard ahem sound looked up to stare at James who spoke “Its time for your required meal.” 
He put down the book marking his place then got up as he sensed Missy was already off his lap and elsewhere which he left the library going to the dining room to find his food ready for him on a tray which he ate and drank then got up figuring that he’ll go back to the library to finish his book. He entered the library to find his book where he left it and sat down in a chair which he picked up his book and began reading it till he finished it then got up and went to a bookshelf as if drawn and placed the book in it. He took out another book seeing it showed male wearing odd clothing on the cover with chest bared and figured he might as well read it. He read the book discovering it focused on Ancient Earth Human race called Native American in the U.S.A. century or more before the transfer and found there wasn’t much sex scenes mentioned in the book to his relief. He continued to read till he heard a throat clearing noise sounding loudly which he looked up to spot James in the doorway with doors open. 
James spoke “I thought I would let you know that its dinner time and you’re required to take in nourishment.” 
He felt himself hungry agreed to James’s request to put the book down on the table marking his spot and go up going out of the room to the dining room which he found a tray full of food and drink. He sat down and ate everything along with drinking everything then felt a little bit on the sick side as his senses blared warning. He figured that the food was poisoned along with the drink as the sickness got worse which he got up and fell towards the floor falling unconscious. 

Jinks came to opening his eyes lying in bed of the penthouse while feeling a needle in his arm which he sensed he was wearing just his pajama pants and nothing else and feeling sick in his stomach. He felt his arm around a bucket sat up and threw up the contents of his stomach into the bucket then placed it on the floor as he felt the throwing up stop. He wearily laid his form down and shut his eyes falling asleep feeling himself passing out unconscious. Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who looked relieved to see him by hugging him. 
He cleared his throat as Lance released his hold on him and spoke “The food you were given was unknowingly filled with poison which the servants didn’t know of it till you fainted on the floor which James found you there and suspected that. The additional food you weren’t given were scanned and poison was detected in it. James managed to call for your personal physician to help you which you threw all up the poison due to receiving the antidote and medicine to help recover from the poisoning.” 
He frowned hearing Lance’s words as his father kept talking “The High Council put the word out that you were poisoned and responsible for that but the Hammer retaliated by having people known to be loyal to the High Council executed such as the three men who called themselves FBI. The three men were actually Amula who were influenced by the High Council’s manipulating to be renegade and be nosy enough to find out about you being a God and asking you personal questions about the deity lord status. They were trying to shred your God status among the Humans on the mainland by asking you personal questions about your powers which they already knew what the answers were from the High Council providing it and wanted you to admit it on recorder for broadcasting it to the public.”
Jinks felt himself annoyed hearing Lance’s words as his father continued talking “You don’t need to worry about the FBI being nosy in your life for the federal agents have broadcasted that they promised to back off on invading your personal life which the Master Organization dropped the lawsuits against them. The Master Organization threatened to bring up the lawsuits if the FBI was again nosy which they have managed to get the federal agents to back off for now.” 
He nodded his head feeling himself relieved hearing that as Lance forced his eyes shut.

Jinks woke up hearing the sound of the alarm blaring its noises which he felt himself too tired to wake up rolled over on his side and kept on sleeping feeling himself passing out unconscious despite feelings of a cat walk on his side to sit on him. 

Jinks slept till he again heard the alarm blare its noises sighed and opened his eyes finding himself much better and the needle was gone from his arm. He rolled over finding Missy wasn’t on him but elsewhere which he eyed the clock seeing it said its usual eight o’clock time frame. Jinks got up feeling himself much better rested which he went into the bathroom then came out fresh from showering along with dressed in clothes and shoes exchanged from his pajama pants along with hair brushed. He sighed and went to the bedroom doors to find James in his familiar spot looking relieved to see him. 
Jinks frowned as James spoke “Your food and drink was discovered poisoned which we are now scanning before giving it to you to take in. The High Council has claimed responsibility for the poisoning but we managed to broadcast a report saying that you were immune to the poison and were resting from the poison getting into your system and your body expelling it.”
He exhaled a breath hearing James’s words nodded his head as the butler went silent which he walked away going to the dining room to sit at the table finding food sitting there waiting for him which he felt himself hungry gobbled up all of the food and drink finding nothing wrong with them or sensing anything from his senses silent as he ate and drank the nourishment. He sighed once done got up and went to the library figuring that he’ll take it easy for awhile by reading his book which he found sitting on the table laid out where he was in it. He sat down and picked up the book then began reading it finding the story interested him enough to keep on reading it despite there weren’t much sex scenes in it to his relief. He continued to read the book till he heard the sound of door knocking noises which he looked up to see the doors opened followed by James entering the room clearing his throat. 
He looked at James who spoke “It’s time for your required meal.” 
Jinks didn’t comment placed the book back on the table and got up from the chair walking out of the room to the dining room which he went to, to find a tray full of food sitting in his familiar spot which he ate up all of the food and drank up the drink finding nothing seriously wrong with the nourishment from his senses being silent and not complaining. Jinks once done went back to the library room to sit and read his book finding himself enjoying the contents and feeling himself learning something about Ancient Earth’s history he didn’t learn about before when he went to school as a youngster. He read the novel till James arrived telling him it was time for him to eat which he obeyed going to the dining room to eat his food and then went back to the library to continue reading the book to come upon a sex scene that left lot to imagination to his relief. He continued to read the book till he was nearing the end of it till James arrived telling him it was time for him to go to bed as ordered by the doctor which he obeyed putting down the book and went to his bedroom to the bathroom which inside he exchanged his clothes for pajama pants leaving them piled on the floor along with his shoes scattered. He sighed and left the bathroom going to the bedroom which he went to his bed to hear a meow sound which he saw Missy sitting in her cat bed looking contently happy to see him. He sighed and got into bed pulling the blankets up to his chest and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious as he felt a cat walking on the bed by the vibrations felt. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm sound woke up to finding Missy tummy sitting on his chest giving him a look expecting him to get up followed by her getting off of him to sit on her haunches washing her ears with her paws. He sighed and got up and went into the bathroom figuring that he’ll shower and put on some clothes. 

Jinks came out of the bathroom to eye the bed and saw Missy was no where in sight. He sighed and walked to the bedroom doors swinging them open to find James in his familiar spot giving him a familiar look. 
Jinks spoke “Any news on Ajax?”
He frowned as James spoke “He’s still the same violently angry but the phase appears to be losing its ebb due to that he didn’t give much resistance when the physicians tested him with blood drawn along with scans from their medical devices. They figured that he’s getting out of the phase but they observed him still angry about something related to his father being hurt he keeps mentioning but hasn’t said the parent’s name and has refused to say it when asked. His son Jixi when asked about that subject has claimed that the High Council had a falling out with Ajax’s father who is still alive living in the mainland protected by people due the group trying to kill him off.” 
Jinks frowned as James went silent which he mentally thought “Should I bother revealing that I’m Ajax’s father?”
He heard from Lance shocking him “It doesn’t matter due to that the Hammer already knows of the subject and will probably inform the medics of it when asked. Don’t worry about Ajax. He is seeing how I’m feeling when the High Council torture you hence he angry about it by bringing up you being hurt.” 
He frowned as Lance became silent which he went to the dining room to find a tray filled with food which he ate and drank the nourishment finding nothing seriously wrong with it. He sighed and figured he’ll go to the library which his feet took him to the gym room and he swung open the doors to find Barry inside the room not looking happy. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke “The High Council made another threat they want me to tell you. They want you to broadcast that you’re not entirely human or they’ll start targeting your family members for assassination starting with your descendants in some state called California. They want this broadcast to be arranged within the hour and you to admit that you’re not a God but something else.” 
He felt himself annoyed as Barry added “The High Council insisted you go through with this period.”
He spoke as Barry paused “Tell the High Council to go to the depths, Barry. They won’t find my descendants easily killed off due to that they have people protecting them vigilantly and that the Hammer will retaliate against them for any assassination.” 
He saw Barry nod his head followed by disappearing in a flash of light which he felt himself tensed up figured that he’ll do some karate which he proceeded to do a black belt Kata taking his time doing it then felt himself better from the movements. He fell into a perfect split and proceeded to do his stretching exercises then swung himself up to stand before eying the doors finding them shut which he sighed and opened them walking out and shut the doors as he entered the hallway. He stood in the hallway and figured he might as well go to the library room to sit and read his book which his feet took him to the elevator finding the doors open and he went inside as if compelled which confused him. 
He spoke as if compelled “Lobby.” 
Jinks felt himself annoyed as he felt the elevator move going down figuring that something or someone was manipulating him to go outside and do a press conference as ordered by the High Council to admit that he wasn’t fully Human just to shred the God status. 
He mentally spoke “Lance, what the depths, is going on?”
He heard nothing from Lance as he walked out of the lobby as if compelled going to the entrance to walk out to see a crowd of people of news affiliates there along with other people there while seeing a microphone in front of them a meter or two away with a male Human wearing a suit standing next to it that looked at him while flashing eyes golden that told him the man was a Builder. 
Jinks walked up the to microphone and frowned as the man tapped him on the shoulder and leaned forwards whispering in his ear which he heard “Their asking about you being not Human entirely as a reason for your deity like status which their insisting it explains you living longer than a normal Human has lived.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath and spoke to the microphone as the Builder stopped leaning towards him “Yes I’m not entirely human but a hybrid of some species in me.”
He heard silence from the crowed eyed them to see that they didn’t look surprised to hear him speak it as he added “I’m aware of that the hybrid status is Highlander but I don’t have the mind walking ability like the species have. I’m also told that there is another foreign species that hasn’t been identified crystal clear to me due to the hospital that informed me of that didn’t say much about it. I suspect that foreign species is reason for my longevity and surviving assassination attempts that a normal Human wouldn’t have survived.”
He clamped his mouth shut as if compelled and heard nothing from the crowd as the Builder besides him spoke appearing to speak into the microphone “There you have it an explanation to why your imperial majesty is seemingly God like.”
Jinks didn’t comment as he turned around and walked into the building as the Builder paused from talking which he went inside sensing nothing serious hitting his back or anything which he went to the elevator as pointed out by a guard. Once inside he ordered for the penthouse and felt the elevator move going up which it stopped at the floor and he walked out to meet Missy that ran up to him to rub her body on his legs. He sighed and bent down picking up the cat then straightened his form cradling her to him while feeling her purring in his arms. He carried her to the couch and sat down adjusting her to sit on his lap which she arched her back underneath his hands’ rubbing motions while rubbing her face on his chin. He sighed feeling himself happy receiving attention from the cat who continued to give him attention as he gave her the same. He heard a throat clearing noise looked up as the cat sat on her haunches on his lap to see James standing nearby. 
James spoke “The stunt the High Council pulled blabbing about you not being entirely human to the public appeared to backfire on them. The public is from reports accepting that your not entirely human and wanted confirmation of you admitting that to be assured of this.”
Jinks exhaled a breath feeling himself relieved as James kept talking “The press is currently having a field day about the High Council wanting you dead and doing anything to assassinate you from the group admitting to poisoning you several times already. The news affiliates figured that the High Council had a personal vendetta against you and is broadcasting that. The public’s reaction to that is that their furious with the High Council and their attitude towards you. Sources has said that someone has managed to anonymously get to the news affiliates that the attitude is due to the High Council currently blaming you for the assassinations of three previous groups which you witnessed two of the deaths happening and wasn’t able to stop it which the group is in denial about that. The High Council has indicated through sources that they think you should have done something to prevent the deaths but are in denial that you had some things preventing you from stopping the assassinations.”
He felt himself annoyed as James paused before the butler continued talking “Sources are saying that the Highlanders loyal to the High Council on the mainland aren’t denying the blaming but are confirming it along with admitting that the Builders currently have a war with the High Council which the group the Hammer has publicity admitted that. The Hammer has said that the High Council had opportunities to bring you down with various methods not mentioned. The group has indicated that the High Council is hesitating to use those methods due to that you have parts of Highlander in you which they are very friendly towards people who having that part of the species in them despite them being hybrids.”
He frowned hearing the words as James added “There’s unknown sources saying some report going around that the High Council is trying to shred your popularity among Humans on the mainland enough to get you out casted so that they can make you get desperate to serve them enough to become a servant and assassin underneath their influence.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing the words as the butler stopped talking to stare at him with a look expecting him to comment which he spoke “Ugh. Just wondering what the depths is the High Council really up to with their plans of having me serve them as some assassin. It’s not what I had in mind to do in my life really.” 
He saw James nod his head but the look was still on the butler’s face which he added “That’s all James, dismissed.” 
He again saw James nod his head before fading from view which he looked down at Missy tummy sitting on his lap and brought a hand to her back rubbing it to hear her meow sounding like she didn’t want to be petted. He sighed and removed his hand adjusting his position to lean back against the couch while feeling the cat adjust her position to continue tummy sitting on his lap. He felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of Lance glaring at the Meritanians who all had heads bowed. He cleared his throat and got an all black eyed glare from Lance who looked at him then looked away to continue glaring at the Meritanians which he eyed them. 
He heard Ramses speak sounding serious “You heard me I’m not kidding on what I said. Just use Horus as an assassin once the Humans’ interest in him stops enough to no longer care about him. He’s trained in combative art and is very dedicated in practicing it along with having some army training too many cycles ago which you can refresh him of that enough for him to recall what he was taught.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Ramses’ words as the Meritanian continued talking “Horus has abilities you’ve seen in Ajax that’ll work with doing an assassination such as mentally choking people to death by mind control. Also Horus from what we can tell is very strong in strength to fight an Amula in physical combat enough to bring down the species without his powers and is able to physically kill them by snapping their necks. Check your history cycles ago some Builder controlled Horus to kill an Amula male which he did but he was punished for that along with the Builder species ousted to the public due to that the killing was caught on recorder. I should warn you that the Builders cannot control Horus any more due to that he has developed an ability to make him immune to them using the special voice when they speak it to him.” 
Jinks felt disgust hit him which he figured was from Lance while hearing a soft growling noise coming from his father as Ramses continued talking “Horus was given a twenty year sentence by the Humans’ courts who found him guilty of murder. He served most of the sentence in some life tube asleep in a hospital and spent some time locked up in prisons not getting along with fellow prisoners who targeted him. He also spent some time at his home with servants who weren’t interested in serving him but more interested in getting money which Scotland had they assassinated after their servant work was done just to avoid paying them money. The current servants being loyal are due to Scotland using the previous servants’ assassinations as an example of getting them to serve Horus as his servants in his home very loyally.”
He again felt the disgust take control figured that it was himself doing it and not Lance as Ramses kept talking “Oh the poisoning of Horus’ food and drink was by a Highlander servant working for Horus that was loyal to you who gave the servants the items that didn’t bother to scan it due to not suspecting that but their now scanning the food and drink from now on while doing the same to the furball’s food and drink. Also I must regret to inform you that poison won’t be enough to bring Horus down due to that his deathless state prevents him from dying from it. He also developed some sort of immunity to poison regardless of what it is after its in his body and expelled which the same poison won’t bring him down again except make him sick which I’m unsure of the sickness.” 
He twisted to face the Meritanians as he sensed a light show off his right which he looked to see Ajax looking annoyed as he saw the plants raise their heads out of the corners of his eyes. 
He stared at Ajax who spoke “Predecessor can’t you get the Meritanians to transport me and my son to home?”
He heard Lance speak with sarcasm “Sorry I don’t control the Meritanians and their whims. I only inflict punishment and that’s about it with my powers on the plants.” 
He frowned as Ajax looked dejected turned his head towards the Meritanians and spoke sounding it “Meritanians can’t you transport me and my son home?”
He turned to look at the Meritanians to see them shook their heads in a no gesture while grimacing on their faces. 
He heard Lance speak sounding sarcastic “Oh Jinks just wake up Ajax will you? Your son is there wanting to meet you after awhile of being kept away.”
Jinks obeyed shutting his son’s eyes shut to see Ajax disappear in a flash of light. 
He twisted his form to face Lance who spoke “The Meritanians balking the transporting is from sensing that I’m trying to teach Ajax a lesson about how I feel when you’re in the High Council’s hands. They have indicated that they’ll transport Ajax once he has grasped the lesson and its importance involving his son which he is slowly getting it.” 
Jinks nodded his head as he heard Ramses speak his familiar question felt his eyes forced shut woke up lurching up to hear an annoyed yowl sound and felt a hand on his shoulder remove itself which he looked to see James leaning over him that straightened his form. 
He stared at James who spoke “Sorry to disturb your nap but there’s a visitor in the lobby requesting to come up which permission has been granted and is on the way to here.” 
He exhaled a breath to stand up and turned to face the elevator doors seeing them closed but heard a faint dinging noise indicating that the elevator was in motion. He felt Missy rubbing her face on his ankle sighed as he sensed James still around eyed the butler whose face indicated that he wanted to see who the visitor was. Jinks frowned as the elevator gave up a loud ding noise followed by doors opening which he stared widening his eyes to see Barry walk out and heard a disgusted sound coming from James who he sensed left him. 
Jinks spoke sounding sarcastic “That’s unusual entrance for you Barry. Usually the Meritanians transport you here then transport you out. What’s up with that?”
He saw Barry’s face turn into a glare as the Builder spoke “I’m still employed by the High Council. The Meritanians were ordered to transport me to the lobby for me to gain entrance to your home due to a Builder ordering them to not to transport me into your home hence my entrance.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath as Barry added “Excuse me while I go sit.” 
Jinks didn’t comment as Barry went to the couch and sat down which he went to an armchair and sat down facing the Builder who kept the glare on his face. 
He stared at Barry who spoke “Alright the Meritanians overheard some Highlander servants loyal to the High Council discussing having you become a servant of the group once the Humans lose interest in you. They were discussing the case involving you assassinating an Amula male bare handed and punished for that. The discussion included them talking about that it was impossible for Highlanders and Humans to physically kill or knock down an Amula whether their male or female in a physical combat fight. The Highlanders got the idea of using you as an assassin from discovering some recording of you killing off an Amula male along with written notes detailing you trained with Amula in military settings with notes saying you defeating them in trained fights. This indicated to the Highlanders that you were physically stronger than the Amula species enough to bring them down and kill them. The Meritanians managed to blab the contents to the High Council who are currently discussing what they heard.”
Jinks frowned hearing Barry‘s words as the Builder continued talking “The High Council didn’t say anything to the Meritanians on transporting me here which the plants indicated it was on orders of someone else. The High Council I should add can still hear what I’m saying to you due to my restraint devices having recorders on them for them to later play back and hear the conversation.”
He nodded his head towards Barry who continued “Also I suspect that the High Council’s hesitance towards assassinating you with some other method besides using poison is not related to you being part Highlander but something else. I think their up to something related to the conversation that the Highlander servants were discussing. I also think that the High Council is poisoning you on purpose due to being aware of your body developing an immunity to poison which they could be testing you on your body’s reaction to poisons no matter how lethal they are to Humans and Highlanders.”
Jinks frowned hearing Barry’s words as the Builder kept talking “I’m not sure when the High Council will finish their discussion on what the Meritanians told them or make up their minds on whether to do what their servants were discussing using you as an assassin. I doubt that the High Council will be quick to take that idea due to how popular you are among Humans here on the mainland. They might take up the idea once the fuss on you dies down enough to go through with it. I’m not sure at the moment on how they plan to enforce you to serve them but I think they might figure out a way and use it.”
He frowned forming it on his lips as Barry paused to groan loudly before speaking “The High Council has according to the Meritanians asked for my presence. I’ll be back but I don’t know when.” 
He nodded his head and watched as Barry stood up who disappeared in a flash of light. He sighed and heard a meow sound which he looked at the couch to see Missy come out from underneath it with a look in her eyes that suggested that she wasn’t happy with Barry’s presence as she gave up another meow sounding annoyed. 
Jinks spoke loudly “Aw you too Missy? The servants don’t like Barry and now you don’t like him either. Oh well I don’t know whether I should like him or not due to that he gives me interesting information going on around the outside world. I don’t get to hear things going on outside very much through various sources. Oh well.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as he sensed a presence in the room which he heard a throat clearing noise sensing the source was from James. Jinks got up from the armchair and twisted his form to face James forming a questioning look on his face. 
Jinks stared at James who spoke sounding like he overheard his talk to Missy “I’m told that you give off angry tantrums when you get news that are said to be lies about you followed by you staying furious in a bad mood for days ignoring things around you including not taking care of yourself till you get sick enough to require bed rest. That’s what I was told when I took the job as your butler. Sorry if you don’t seem to agree with what I said but I’m just relaying what I was told. I’m uncertain on whether it’s the truth or a lie.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing James’s words that looked at him with a look expecting him to comment. 
He heard from Lance “What James was told is the truth due to you having tantrums when you ran for public offices such as Mayor of the city.” 
Jinks sighed recalling what Lance was talking about flashing in his mind remembering reading newspapers in the penthouse saying lies about him due to his opponent in the Mayor race was trashing him and blowing temper tantrums when reading the articles and not doing anything but being angry for a few days which the time length was usually three days till he calmed down enough to think straight. 
He exhaled a breath and spoke “What you heard about me isn’t a joke. I do get temper tantrums when hearing or reading news affiliated sources saying lies about me.”
He saw James nod his head as he added “I asked Barry before his recent employment to help teach me on being calm when getting sources saying lies about me which he was in process of doing. Too bad he couldn’t finish the job due to his new job requires him to be busy doing things for his bosses.” 
He saw disgust form on James’s face as he paused from talking to stare at the butler who spoke “I’m aware of that but I doubt that Barry would have succeeded in his teaching. That’s due to being told that he’s not the first person to attempt to teach you this and failing miserably when whatever method didn’t work due to you still getting a temper tantrum.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing the seriousness in James tone as the butler paused from talking to stare at him with a look expecting something from him. 
Jinks heard from Lance “James isn’t kidding about what he said about Barry not being the first person to teach you to take news affiliated lies without blowing up. The teaching turned out to be useless due to the methods not succeeding.” 
Jinks sighed and spoke “Drat I was hoping that someone would think of a way of keeping me from blowing my temper when getting lies from news affiliated sources. Oh well.”
He heard a throat clearing noise come from James figured that it wasn’t what the butler wanted to hear which he added “Dismissed James.” 
He saw James fade from view as he heard Missy’s meow sounding annoyed followed by a sensation of her paw on his left ankle patting him there. He looked down to stare at the cat that stopped patting him to look up to him arching her back which he figured she wanted him to give her attention. He sighed and bent down with a hand and scratched her back several scratches with his hand feeling her back still arched underneath his hand motions. He sighed as she stopped arching her back followed by darting away from underneath his hand which he watched her leave entering the hallway with tail sticking up in the air a sign to him that she was happy. Jinks sighed again walked into the hallway to hear a loud meow sound coming from the dining room which he again heard the meow sounding like annoyance exhaled a breath entered the dining room to spot Missy sitting in front of her food bowls which he went to them to see one was filled with water and the other was empty. He figured to himself that Missy wanted to eat hence her yowling sounds as he bent down picking up the food bowl and went to the kitchen doors rapping his hand fisted on them. He waited as one of the doors opened a bit showing Emma peering out. 
He held up Missy’s food bowl and spoke “Guess whose hungry? Care to feed her?”
He held the food bowl as Emma widened the door reaching out a hand which he handed it to her and then withdrawn her hand holding it followed by the doors swinging. Jinks stood waiting while figuring out that Emma would expect him to be there to place the food bowl in front of Missy who he heard continued her yowling sounds. He exhaled a breath as a kitchen door opened followed by Emma’s hand thrusting out while holding Missy’s food bowl filled with small round brown balls in it. He took the bowl then went to Missy putting it in front of her and watched as she quieted her yowls to sniff the food followed by eating it. He sighed and wandered out of the dining room heading to the library figuring that he’ll finish reading his book which his feet took him there. He went inside shutting the doors behind him and sat down in a chair then picked up his book and began to read it till he finished the story and turned to the last page to read a paragraph about the historical events in the book along with the author’s biography not saying much about the writer. He sighed and got up to the bookshelf to put the book away which he stared at the bookshelf till he heard the sound of doors opening followed by a throat clearing noise while sensing it was James. 
Jinks turned around to face the butler who spoke “Its lunchtime, time for your required meal.” 
He nodded his head and left the library walking pass James who didn’t follow him which he went to the dining room to frown finding a tray filled with dishware holding food and drink. 
He mentally thought to himself “What’s going on with me eating and drinking meals instead of having my usual milkshake?”
He heard from Lance “That’s to help your body recover from the poison along with medical ailments without needing special fluid medicine injected into you through needles in the arm. The food and drink is necessary due to that the High Council has been repeatedly attempting to poison you through various ways including putting poison in medicine that would be injected in you which an attempt was discovered after you got sicker instead of healing.” 
He frowned to recall himself injected with a needle after eating poisoned food and falling unconscious came to his mind. 
He spoke “I recall being injected with a needle after fainting from eating poisoned food. Would that have anything to do with that?”
He went to sit down as Lance replied “No the needle injection was some doctor’s attempt to drain you of the poison without realizing that you were already immune to it and it settled in your stomach which you threw it all up. The doctor realized the mistake corrected it immediately after scanning the contents of what you threw up and scanning your body to realize that you were already immune to the poison. So eat up your food Jinks and no more chatting.” 
He obeyed to eat his food eating it all up along with drinking all of the drink till there was nothing left which he got up and figured that he’ll go to the library to read a book. 
He got a comment from Lance “Go to the gym room and practice karate. You need the exercise and you need to keep it up vigilantly due to that the repeated poisonings can wreck up your training and limber status without any practice for awhile. So hit the gym room.” 
Jinks didn’t protest went to the gym room swinging open the doors with a bang sound which he entered the room to sit down in the middle of it and began doing his stretching exercises. He felt stiffness but no complaints from his body as he stretched himself finding himself still limber to his standards which he swung himself up to stand then began doing his familiar black belt Kata. He felt himself stiff from the movements and sighed during doing them regretfully wishing for a mirror to see how he looked doing the karate for any more improvements to be done. He heard nothing from Lance from thinking that thought as he continued doing his Kata then finished with a bow towards the doorway to find the doors shut. He heard a faint meow sound along with scratching heard on the doors. He sighed figuring to himself that he’ll ask for a cat door to be put in the gym room doors so Missy would have access to the room as he went to the doors yanking one open to see the cat streak into the room. He watched as Missy went around the room sniffing it with her nose followed by going up to him to rub her face on his ankle before running out of the room into the hallway. He followed her out to see her run towards the direction where his bedroom lay. 
Jinks sighed again spoke loudly “James!”
He didn’t have long to wait as James appeared from no where to stand next to him with a familiar what do you want look on his face. 
He spoke “Kindly arrange for a cat access door to be put in the gym room doors. That’s twice Missy has yowled outside the closed doors while scratching them with her claws demanding access inside the room while I was in there practicing.”
He saw a big frown appear on James’s face which the butler spoke “Sorry but that isn’t part of my duties as your butler but I’ll see about leaving the doors open next time when your in there practicing.” 
He heard the edge in James’s voice figured that the butler had something unsaid and wasn’t going to say it to him. 
He spoke “Dismissed James.” 
Jinks watched as James faded from view and sighed again figuring that he’ll go to the library to read a book which he got no comment from Lance. He went to the library going inside to shut the doors behind him and went to a bookshelf below him above his waist height pulling out books to stare at the titles and authors’ names on them finding no interest in reading them hitting him as he put the books back in the shelf. He groaned and went across the room to a bookshelf shoulder height and began pulling out books to stare at them figuring if the cover interested him he’ll read it. He pulled out books and came upon a book cover showing a woman with long blonde hair wearing blue clothing that looked odd to him while sitting in some kind of chair with hands posed on her sides and figured he might as well read the book. He eyed the author’s name to think the last name was either Irish or Scottish to him as he took the book to a chair to sit only to feel a book between the cushion and chair on his back as he leaned back. He sighed and got up going to the other chair and sat down feeling nothing bothering his back but the cushion and chair which he sat and began reading the book discovering it was science fiction genre about Humans who were mind walkers who had the ability to mentally manipulate objects by mind with the help of some kind of generator. He read the book discovering that its focus was on a female Human who was a mind walker and had the ability to manipulate objects by her mind with generator help. He sigh finding himself amused by the book’s contents to continue reading it till he heard ahem sounding loudly breaking him of his reading. Jinks lowered the book to glare with annoyance to see James standing in the doorway of the doors open with a frown on the butler’s face. 
He glared at James who appeared to ignore his glare as the butler spoke “Its time for your required meal which you’re required to take in nourishment.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust placed the book on the table keeping it flat on where he was in it then got up walking out of the room which he sensed the butler wasn’t following him. He went to the dining room to find sitting on the table was the familiar tray holding dishware full of food and drink. He sat down and ate the food finding himself hungry enough to eat it along with drinking down the drink which once finished he figured he might as well go back to the library and continued reading the book he was in. 
His thoughts were interrupted by Lance speaking “Hit the gym room and practice karate. You need the exercise to keep yourself alert due to that food can make you sluggish if you don’t move your body enough.” 
He exhaled a breath finding himself agreeing with Lance’s order went to the gym room opening the doors and left them open as he went inside to sit down and began doing his stretching exercises. He found no stiffness felt within his body as he stretched and then once done swung up to stand then began doing a black belt Kata finding again no stiffness felt as he did the movements. He felt himself happy doing the movements as he did it then ended with a bow towards the doors to find one door shut while the other was  ajar to see Missy peeking from outside into the room peering at him. He folded his arms and stared at Missy who walked into the room doing her familiar sniffing motions with her nose followed by going up to his ankle to rub her face then running out of the room into the hallway which he followed her out to see her looking like she was going to his bedroom by the direction she was heading. He shut the door behind him and walked to his bedroom following the cat to see her enter the room through the cat door which he recalled his book waved a hand and turned around heading towards the library. His feet he found to his annoyance took him to the living room which he found himself stopping near the elevator doors that were closed while hearing it in motion. 
Jinks mentally thought to himself “Who’s the visitor this time?” 
He heard from Lance yelling “Will the source through now!”
He stiffened hearing Lance’s words figured out that source meant Master which he willed through and raised both hands one fisted in a fight pose to glare at the elevator doors which opened with a ding sound. He stiffened as he heard a howling noise that sounded like an Amula gonoid to him followed by a wolf bounding out of the elevator that paused seeing him. He narrowed his eyes glaring at the wolf that shift form into a Human male wearing a uniform that made him think it involved the army while feeling himself filmed as the male charged at him with hands fisted and swinging. Jinks ducked the Amula’s swinging fists to counterattack the male’s attack with karate finding the man using some form of self defense to block his attack while attacking him back. He recognized the moves as some sort of military training involving combative art to figure out that the male’s uniform was genuine. He found the Amula refused to stay still enough for him to use paralysis power on the male who kept on moving too much while attacking him as he fought back. Jinks felt himself getting annoyed to discover that the Amula was attempting to grab his head with both hands aimed at it which he figured that the male was trying to kill him by snapping his neck hence the attempts. He blocked the Amula’s attempts each time while trying to knock the male off his feet only to get his efforts avoided as if the man was anticipating the moves. He heard a yowling sound ignored it only to see surprise on the Amula’s face who jerked showing pain on his face with form going still halting from attacking him. Jinks mentally willed paralysis to hit the Amula seeing it take hold by the frozen form followed by knocking the male onto the floor whose form remained frozen. He raised a hand mentally ordering paralysis to leave the Amula’s head to see the male roll his eyes followed by sensing life gone from him which he remembered what James said about poisoned implanted tooth figured that the man had one hence he dead in front of him. Jinks heard a yowl sound again sounding off his left looked to see Missy looking angry by her fluffed up tail and angry look in her eyes figured that the cat distracted the Amula by the look of surprise and pain on the man’s face before being knocked down. 
He eyed the elevator doors to find them shut spoke yelling “James!” 
Jinks waited as James arrived in view looking not surprised to see the Amula on the floor which he spoke “Get this out of my home and do something about security around here. I had to fight his attempts to kill me off myself which he later killed himself. Tell the guards to keep this from happening again and report to me later whose idea was it to bring this buffoon into my home to attempt to kill me off. I’m not pleased having this intrusion happening.”
He glared at James who nodded his head before the butler spoke “Will do, anything else as ordered?”
He spoke “I want a detailed report on who this guy is and what’s his motive to attempting to kill me once it’s available. That’s it. Handle deposing him I’m out of here.” 
Jinks walked away into the hallway sensing Missy following him which he felt his mood foul went to the gym room swinging open the doors with a bang sound. He charged towards the punching bag hitting it with karate moves willing himself to calm down from his angry mood. He continued to hit the punching bag feeling himself angry figuring that the male was sent by the High Council as an attempt to see how well he would fight against an Amula trained in combative art moves due to sensing himself filmed when fighting the man and the person killing himself off after being knocked down. Jinks paused from punching the punching bag to lean against it with his front and head on it willing himself to calm down while nose breathing hard deeply as he willed his mediation techniques forward. He sensed the mediation working from feeling himself less angry figured he might as well kneel and use it to calm himself down more fully. Jinks walked to the middle of the room to kneel and shut his eyes using mediation to calm himself down. He found himself becoming calmer to sense a presence behind him which his senses told him was James followed by the throat clearing noise. 
Jinks spoke “Yes James?”
He heard “The male you fought has been identified as an Amula a Human like race that-“
He interrupted “I’ve heard of the Amula who have the ability to change into a gonoid dub wolf, anything else?”
He again heard James speak “The Amula in question was wearing a recorder device attached to his uniform with a signal going to somewhere in the city which we’re currently in process in tracking it but the effort is taking awhile due to that the signal isn’t easily traced. The Amula male in question is currently going through identification due to discovered dead from swallowing a tooth implant with poison lethal enough to end his life-“
He interrupted “Anything on how he got in here?”
Jinks heard “Actually the male snuck inside after a crowd rioted outside in panic due to hearing gun shot sounds which it was figured that it was a diversion to allow the male to get inside passed the guards. The male managed to use his gonoid form to avoid the guards darting him out and went inside an elevator then according to recorders in the elevator used Human form to knock out the Highlander guard inside and pressed the button to your home as if knowing which number then used gonoid form to come out of the elevator. We suspect that there’s a security breach as in there’s a leak saying which elevator to take to your home along with which number in the elevator leads to there due to the actions of the Amula.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth as James paused which he spoke “That Amula fought me using some form of self defense I recognize involving military training in combative art and he kept aiming for my head as an attempt to grab the area and snap my neck to kill me. I had help from the cat who distracted him enough for me to knock him off his feet to the floor.”
Jinks paused to hear a throat clearing noise from James figured that the butler was indicating to the cameras in the room while sensing himself filmed from them. He opened his eyes and got up from the floor turning around to walk towards James who formed disapproval on his face while again clearing his throat with eyes narrowed appearing to be staring at him straight in the eyes. Jinks figured what the butler meant willed the Master away from him to walk passed James into the hallway to hear the doors shut which he folded his arms to pause from walking. 
He spoke “Anything else James?”
He heard from the butler “Except identification will take awhile due to that there are rumored unregistered groups and that involves whether their military or not. Also we would have to go through files by law keeper groups such as the police and FBI for ID on the male. I suspect that this would bring some people asking questions about us requesting his ID which this incident would get out to get some people nosy enough to ask further questions about this attempt on your life.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust as James paused from talking which he looked at the butler who gave him a what do you want look on his face. 
He spoke “Keep me updated on this and dismissed James.” 
He watched as the butler faded from view which he figured he’ll go to the library and finish reading his book finding himself no longer in the mood to practice karate from fighting the Amula. He went to the library and went inside slamming the doors which he went to his familiar chair to sit and grabbed his book. He forced himself to read the book finding himself needing something to get his mind off the fight. He found the book amused him enough to be engrossed in it reading uncounted number of pages till he heard a loud ahem sound which annoyed him. 
Jinks lowered the book narrowing his eyes to glare at James standing in the doorway who spoke “Sorry to disturb your reading but its time for your required meal.”
He thrust the book on the table leaving it flat on where he was in it then got up walking passed James ignoring the butler which he went to the dining room to find sitting on the table was a tray filled with dishware holding food which the smells made his stomach rumble finding himself terribly hungry. He went to sit down and gobbled up the food while listening to his senses to find nothing wrong with it and gulped down the cup’s contents consisting of strawberry milkshake which his senses again indicated nothing wrong with it. He sighed once done with eating and drinking to get up and thought that he’ll go to the library to read only to get interrupted by Lance mentally ordering him to hit the gym room to practice Karate which he found himself going to the gym room as if compelled and went inside. 
Jinks dropped down into a perfect split only to hear from Lance sounding irritated “Jinks don’t do that leg move unless it’s necessary to help save your life. With that poisoning attempt hitting you too many times knocking you out for uncounted number of days I wouldn’t be surprised if your body complains about doing the leg move by ripping a muscle so don’t do that unless its necessary.” 
He exhaled a breath to check his body to discover nothing serious felt but recalled stiffness hitting him when he stretched and did karate after being knocked out for awhile. He sighed and began doing his stretching exercises then got up swinging himself up. He did his familiar Kata finding nothing serious about the movements but wished mentally for a mirror to help him see his actions just to do necessary corrections to the karate. He heard nothing from Lance as he thought that thought during his Kata and once finished did a bow towards the doorway to find them again the same as before with Missy peeking from the hallway. He watched as Missy entered the room doing her sniffing motions before going up to him to rub her side against his leg while arching her back and giving off a meow sound sounding to him that she wanted attention. He bent down and reached a hand to rub her on the back feeling purring vibrations underneath his hand as he sensed she seemed happy to see him and was happy with the attention he was giving her. He continued to rub her back then she darted out of his hand which he followed her running out of the room passed the open door and out of sight. Jinks sighed and went to the open door yanking it further open and walked out shutting it behind him to stand in the hallway figuring that he’ll go to the library to finish reading his book. He went to the library and went inside to find Barry sitting in a chair with a disgusted expression on the Builder’s face. 
He figured what Barry was going to say wasn’t good as the Builder spoke sounding disgusted “Close the doors Jinks. What I have to say is private and your butler is nosy.” 
He shut the doors obeying to Barry’s order then folded his arms to speak “Oh what does the High Council want now?”
He stared at Barry who spoke “Nothing but something I came across while doing my poking around business in the High Council’s home base. It involves that Amula you fought who was sent to attempt to knock you down but not kill you then inject you with some sort of poison from syringe hidden in his boot.”
He frowned hearing that as Barry kept talking “There’s an Amula military group unregistered in the government that is working for the High Council due to the Highlander servants influencing them to target you from you killing one of them years ago. Some of the members of the group are currently part of the law keeping force such as the FBI hence there being federal agents being really nosy with attitudes enough to shred your god like status reputation.”
Jinks gave a sound of disgust as Barry ignored him kept on talking “Also I doubt that the male you fought will be easily identified due to that the Amula don’t bother registering themselves within the government regardless of how old they are or record births due to that they don’t like hospitals. They don’t like attention focused on their species the Amula and prefer to keep their species secret from other races which I suspect is how the High Council are influencing them to do their dirty work. The High Council must have figured out how to reveal the Amula to the public and is blackmailing them in serving them including orders by the Highlander servants.”
He frowned hearing an edge in Barry’s voice tone figured that the Builder wasn’t saying anything fully as the male got up speaking “I have to go. Ramses says that the High Council, want my presence. I’ll be back but don’t know when.” 
He watched as Barry disappeared in a flash of light. 
He heard from Lance “Take a nap I want to talk to you face to face.” 
Jinks obeyed getting into a chair and leaned back shutting his eyes to dream of facing Lance who looked annoyed. 
He stared at Lance who spoke “What Barry wasn’t saying is that the High Council with help of Highlander servants proved evidence to an unregistered Amula military group that you killed one of them years ago and got a sentence of twenty years for the murder. They omitted that you did the killing under Builder influence hence your prison sentence.”
Jinks gave up a groan noise as Lance continued talking “Some of the Amula managed to fall into the High Council’s influence trap to start a personal vendetta against you which three of them were the nosy federal agents that were later assassinated by fellow Amula underneath Builder influence.”
He forced himself to be quiet as Lance kept talking “The Builder group the Hammer with my influence have managed to track down some members of the group and presented the full evidence of the murder with Builder shown to influence you to kill and demonstrated their voice talents onto the Amula as proof of that influence. They included that their species was ousted from the recording of the murder broadcasted to news affiliates who had a field day with it and that there’s now laws involving them.”
He frowned as Lance continued “The Amula who they talked to seemed to have taken the Builders’ side in the war against the High Council and have admitted that the Highlander servants are blackmailing them in serving them by showing recording evidence of them changing into gonoids and back something they don’t want public. The Hammer has promised to help the Amula fight off the High Council and their servants and to keep their species hidden and have proven to be living up to their worded oath-“
He was interrupted by Ramses speaking his familiar question felt his eyes forced shut to wake up feeling a cat face rubbing his chin which he jerked open his eyes to stare at Missy who stopped doing the motion to sit on his lap tummy sitting. He heard door knocking sounds followed by the doors opening which he saw James entering the room clearing his throat. 
Jinks stared at James who spoke “Its time for you to go to bed as ordered by the doctor who insisted you get some rest from the fight you had with the Amula.”
Jinks exhaled a breath felt Missy get off his lap which he got up and walked out of the room passed the butler which he went to his bedroom. Once inside he went into his bathroom and stripped himself of his clothes and eyed the shower figuring that he’ll shower which he did cleaning himself thoroughly with shampoo and soap then once done came out to dry himself very well with a towel. Jinks put on his pajama pants that were folded on the sink counter and sighed leaving the bathroom going to his bed which he yanked back the blankets and got in to pull the blankets up to his chest and stared at the ceiling till he felt Missy get on the bed. He cued his senses towards her to feel her paws walking on his legs going up his body till she stopped on his stomach followed by fur felt as her tummy sat on him. Jinks felt her give of a purring vibration which he felt himself sleepy yawned and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious.

Jinks came to hearing the familiar sound of the alarm blare its noises. He sighed and kept his eyes shut allowing himself to keep on sleeping. He heard a loud yowl sound and felt paws walking on his legs going up to his chest followed by a furry face rubbing his face while hearing loud meowing sounds. He heard the meows sounding annoyed and felt a paw patting him on the face. He reached out both hands and grabbed Missy blindly yanking her off of him putting her aside then rolled over on his side allowing himself to stay asleep. He jerked his eyes open when he heard a human like crying sound sounding in distress and lurched up sitting up looking around the room with widen eyes. He sighed finding nothing amiss lay down only to hear the familiar sound and it seemed to come from Missy besides him. He turned to glare at the cat who gave off a meow sounding annoyed with a look expecting him to get up. He groaned and rolled over on his other side and threw the blankets up over his head shutting his eyes. Jinks came to feel his hair grabbed yanking him up along with a hand gagging him on the throat followed by Lance’s angry face coming into view yelling at him to get up followed by his eyes forced shut. 
Jinks woke up jerking open his eyes as he heard Lance yell in his mind “Get up and I mean it with what I said!”
He groaned and threw the blankets off of him getting up to hit the bathroom which he came out dressed in clothes exchanged from the pajama pants along with shoes on his feet. He eyed the bed to see Missy was no where in sight which he sighed and went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to find James in his familiar spot along with a familiar look on his face. 
Jinks spoke “Anything on that Amula?”
He stared at James who appeared to look nervous before speaking “Nothing serious found yet.” 
His senses blared telling him it was a lie along with hearing an edge in the butler’s voice telling him that James was hiding something. 
He heard Lance yell in his mind “Drop the matter, Jinks!”
He exhaled a breath and went to the dining room to find a tray holding food and drink on the table which he sat down and took his time eating and drinking leaving nothing left. 
He got up and heard from Lance “Go to the gym room and practice karate. You need the exercise to work off the food you ate.” 
He heard an edge in Lance’s voice tone mentally spoke “Ugh.” 
He heard nothing from Lance went to the gym room to swing open the doors. He stared at Barry inside with shock to frown seeing that the Builder didn’t look happy by expression on the man’s face. 
Jinks stared at Barry who spoke sounding disgusted “The High Council have been using me to deliver orders around their home base including elsewhere whether it’s by verbalizing them or carrying recorders it doesn’t matter as long as their order gets relayed.” 
He frowned as Barry kept talking sounding like he had sarcasm in his voice tone “The High Council sent me to you with a message saying that you’ll serve them and you’ll do it willingly. I highly doubt that willingness due to knowing how you feel towards the High Council from how they treated you in the past and how they keep on treating you at the moment.”
He formed disgust on his face as Barry continued still using sarcasm “Oh I suspect that the High Council either know something or have something in their minds to make you become their willing servant. I doubt that you’ll serve the High Council willingly at the moment due to your feelings towards them like I told them when they told me of their plans to have you serve them. They dismissed my warnings as nothing saying that I should go inform you of that and had the Meritanians transported me here before I could say anything else.” 
Jinks gave up a disgusted sound as Barry paused to give him a glare which he figured that the Builder wanted him to say something. 
He spoke “Ugh serving the High Council is something I’m not interested in doing due to how they treated me in the past and recently. I don’t see myself being a willing servant anyway.” 
Jinks paused to noticed Barry’s facial expression became more glaring which he figured something else was going on as he felt a compulsion to punch the Builder in the face hit him which he found himself doing it who jerked a foot back from the punch along with his head turning aside. 
He frowned feeling himself confused thinking to himself “What’s going on with me doing that punch as if compelled?”
He heard nothing from Lance as he stepped back from Barry to frown at the Builder who turned to look at him still having a glare on his face. 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Barry spoke sounding annoyed “That punching me in the face compulsion and doing it was a mental order by the Meritanians relaying an order by the High Council who figured out that your easily controlled by the plants giving mental orders to you.”
Jinks stiffened hearing Barry’s words as the Builder continued to talk “The High Council figured out that the Meritanians can control you mentally by them proving to have you going outside to speak to the public about not being entirely Human which they saw recordings of you announcing that. Also the High Council figured out from reports in the past by Highlander servants that Highlanders or mind walkers can mentally give you the order to kill a person which you’ll get a compulsion to do it and it’ll control you enough to do the order just to stop the feeling hitting you. You proved to obey that order by killing a female assassin named Black Widow a.k.a. Elina Soto which hidden Highlanders spying in the room saw you do the deed.”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as Barry paused from talking which he spoke “What’s the Master’s take on this situation involving me?”
He stared at Barry who spoke “You’ll know soon enough. Excuse me I’m wanted back.” 
He watched as Barry disappeared in a flash of light which he felt rage hit him attacked the punching bag with karate then went to the middle of the room to do a Kata in black belt finding himself getting calmer from the movements. He finished with a bow towards the doors to find one closed and one open with Missy peeking. Jinks groaned and sat down on the floor and began doing his stretching exercises then once done swing himself up to stand. He stood with arms folded watching as Missy entered the room doing her sniffing before going up to his ankle to rub her face on it before running away from him out of the room out of sight. 
Jinks groaned softly thinking to himself recalling Barry’s words “There goes my life living normally as I wish. I just got to hope that there’s a way of keeping my normalcy intact while I’m stuck doing things for the High Council ugh.” 
He left the room and went to the library to sit down in a chair which he leaned back feeling sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who he saw was glaring at the Meritanians. He eyed the plants to see that they had their heads bowed as he looked at Lance, clearing his throat. He saw Lance look at him with an all black eyed glare before thrusting him sideways till his front was facing the plants as he sensed a light show off his right. Jinks looked to see Ajax not looking happy by the expression on his son’s face who looked angry. 
He heard Lance speak “You heard what’s going on with your father involving the High Council?”
Jinks kept his eyes on Ajax who nodded his head still having that angry expression on his face. 
He frowned as he heard Lance add “There’s nothing I can do about this at the moment. I doubt that anyone can do anything to stop this from happening. The Meritanians will obey due to that the High Council has their minds made up and will go through with the order-”
He interrupted looking at Lance “What order does the High Council have in mind for me to do?”
Jinks stared at Lance who appeared to shift his attention from Ajax towards him before speaking “The order is using you as an assassin mentally controlled by the Meritanians along with mentally given orders to kill by Highlander servants having you target people who the High Council want dead.”
He felt himself angry hearing that turned his eyes to glare at the Meritanians who still had their heads bowed as Lance continued talking “Like I said there’s nothing I can do to convince the Meritanians to not obey the order due to that they’ll do it anyway just to spite me for giving them pain with my earthquake power.”
He frown hearing an edge in Lance’s voice tone as he felt his eyes forced shut. 

Jinks woke up opening his eyes while still sitting in the chair in the library feeling dread hitting him hard. 
He eyed the ceiling to mentally speak “If there’s anything to stop the High Council from using me as an assassin controlled by obeying mind walker servants I just hope that opportunity presents itself soon as possible before I do something bad.” 
He looked down to stare at the doors and shivered feeling coldness hitting him as the feeling of dread continued to hit him. He exhaled a breath as the coldness continued that made him shiver some more that his form was beginning to shake as the dread feeling stopped. He shifted his eyes to stare at the ceiling and back to the doors shifting back and forth sensing the coldness was his body reacting to him being violently scared but didn’t sense the fearful feeling hitting him. Jinks continued to shake feeling it become more violent as he jerked his form while sitting in the chair till the seat started thumping from his movements. He felt the coldness feeling continue hitting him making his teeth chatter violently as his form shook while thumping the chair. 
Jinks mentally spoke “What the depths is going on with me?!”
He heard nothing from Lance but heard a male voice with a cruel tone unsure of whether its by his ears or mind “The cold of King Winter is my domain, the sky of Lord Teorjer is my domain, the water of King Sea is my domain, the eater of Ellison Donovan is my domain, the earth of Lance Richard is my domain, for I called Meritania, rule them all as their ruler and creator and they obey me and my whims.”
He heard the male voice pause to give off a laughing sound followed by blackness arriving to his eyes sight which he sensed himself passing out unconscious followed by his form going still. 

Jinks came to feel a hand shaking his shoulder which he jerked open his eyes to discover himself lying on the floor on his back and squatting over him was James looking worried by the expression on the butler’s face. 
He stared at James who removed his hand to stand up straightening his form while clearing his throat before speaking “Sources reported to me that you were screaming in the library along some chair tipping sounds heard including some other sounds still waiting to be identified which I was told to check on you. I found you lying on the floor looking like you passed out along with a chair lying on its back like you tipped it over.” 
Jinks sighed and sat up to look at the chair he was formerly sitting in to see it was laying on its back like James said and sighed again. He forced himself to get up awkwardly and stood facing James who gave him a look expecting an explanation. 
Jinks spoke “Barry visited me earlier in the gym room and told me some things involving the High Council which I thought I was over my anger about his words despite doing some karate. I guess I wasn’t over it.” 
He shrugged to see James’s eyes narrow with suspicion in them but face remained the same while giving a head bob. 
Jinks added “I guess I better make sure next time I get angry to take it out on the punching bag in the gym room instead of a chair in the library and screaming my head off.” 
He saw James nod his head with eyes and face remained the same which he continued talking “Something I could do for you James?”
He stared at James who spoke “Just to report some male with an odd tone called here by phone without identifying himself and said that he ordered the Meritanians very crystal clearly to not mentally order you to do things that isn’t beneficial to your life. The male has refused our request to give up a name or identification but said that he has given a special family member of yours including other selected people the ability to enforce his order on the Meritanians should they disobey him.”
Jinks frowned hearing James’s words as the butler continued to talk “The phone call was traced to a disposable cell phone found abandoned in a trash can outside. The cell phone in question and the building’s outside cameras is being checked out for identifying the male who called which will take awhile due to that the computer is running voice identifying at the moment to determine his identity and whether he’s Builder.”
He formed a frown on his lips as James became silent staring at him with a familiar look. 
He spoke “Keep me updated on this and let me, know the results.”
He saw James nod his head still having that familiar look on his face as he added “Dismissed James.”
Jinks watched as James faded from view while hearing doors shutting sounds which he went to the chair and right it up which he went to sit in it and exhaled a breath feeling sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who had a smirk on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke sounding like he had a happy tone “I see you had an encounter with Meritania himself from the looks of you.”
He felt himself confused as his father again spoke “I knew that there had to be someone who the Meritanians would answer to from living in Great Britain myself and meeting Meritania himself from time to time over the years I lived there. Interesting fellow Meritania is. He controls the planet’s functions and the elementals themselves and that includes you under his command.” 
Jinks frowned feeling himself stop being confused as Lance kept talking “The moment I heard of this stunt the High Council was pulling on you I had to take a great deal of trouble contacting Meritania with this. He doesn’t like us elementals calling him prefers the other way around when it comes to keeping contact with things going around here. Ooh he wasn’t happy hearing my news or what I’ve been doing involving you as my son.”
He nodded his head figuring out who Lance was referring to using the name Meritania as his father kept talking “I have to add that Meritania sounded furious to hear my news from him talking to me and what I did involving you. I’m surprised that he hasn’t contacted you over the years since the moment you took my body form till recently. He gave me a very stern lecture on contacting him but he sounded like he wasn’t angry about that. Anyway you don’t need to worry about the plants taking orders from the High Council on controlling you. Meritania assured me of that not happening due to that the plants like the planet is under his control.”
He felt himself relieved to hear Lance’s words as his father’s face turned into a glare while adding “Oh one more thing Jinks. Meritania had an ulterior motive contacting you which was establishing you under his control by linking himself to you due to that you’re an elemental controller of the earth. Chances are you’ll be ordered by him to do some things and I’m afraid you’ll be doing them whether you like it or not. Also I did warn him of the natives having you monitored when you use your earth manipulating powers and that some of the natives aren’t that friendly with you at the moment. He told me in some angry tone that those natives don’t know a thing about taking care of a planet and its functions including having you doing things to help his care taking job.” 
Jinks frowned as Lance paused to form an all black eyed glare followed by being gagged on the throat by his father’s hand. 
He heard Lance speak sounding serious “Don’t come to me complaining about Meritania’s orders. You’re the elemental of earth and it’s your job to do what he ordered due to helping him with the job of taking care of the planet. I expect you to do the orders without whining about them period.”
Jinks gagged out “But what about the natives monitoring me that’ll get annoyed at me using my powers?”
He heard from Lance “Don’t worry about them and their whining complaints just do what Meritania orders you period.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut woke up jerking open his eyes standing up from the chair in the library room to hear an annoyed yowl sound which he figured that Missy was on his lap while he was talking to Lance. Jinks exhaled a breath to look down at the floor to spot Missy standing on four paws appearing to be stretching herself which he looked up at the doors hearing a knocking sound followed by them opening and James coming into view clearing his throat loudly. 
Jinks stared at James who spoke “News related to the mysterious caller. The computer says he’s not a Builder by voice tone but hasn’t identified his species due to that his voice is very unusual sounding. We managed to get a recorder visual on the male who appears to be a Highlander wearing sunglasses covering his eyes with long blond hair and wearing a business suit which he was seen dropping the cell phone into the trash can before walking off. We’re currently running a trace on his prints found on the cell phone and still haven’t come up with a match yet. Also another odd thing was the recorders recorded him appearing to disappear as if he had a hidden invisibly state ability. Infrared recorders show some rope dropping down next to the male who grabbed it and was lifted up then the recorders stopped recording as if their signal was disrupted. That’s all we could tell about the male.” 
He exhaled a breath and spoke “Anything else, James?”
He stared at James who spoke “Just want to add that the recorders in the library picked up some sounds identified along with you screaming that said a thunder and lightening storm was hitting which is impossible due to that the window is permanently shut and that there’s no reports of any storm happening in the weather report today.” 
Jinks groaned softly as he saw suspicion in James’s eyes spoke “I’m a lot more than I appear to be and we’ll leave it as the explanation.” 
He formed a glare on his face while folding his arms as he stared at James who nodded his head before the butler spoke “I should add that listening recorders picked up a similar storm sound in Ajax’s cell with visual showing him appearing to faint hitting the floor with form still which his son sitting on the bed was seen not acting concerned about that even when the physicians entered the room. The doctor reports that they had a hard time waking up Ajax who appeared to be really out of it till they used some smelling salts underneath his nose which woke him up. His mood according to the physicians is he’s furious about something but cooperated with them examining him and his son seemed not concerned by the situation but seemed to keep on saying the words ‘Grampa’s safe’ over and over when questioned about his father’s fainting.” 
Jinks frowned hearing James’s words as the butler looked at him with a familiar look which he spoke feeling hunger hitting him “When’s lunch? I could use something to eat.”
He stared at James who kept the look on his face as the butler spoke “That was one of the things I was here to tell you that your lunch is served in the dining room and waiting for you.” 
Jinks spoke “Thanks James.” 
He walked by the butler taking his time going to the dining room which he found a tray holding food like James said and sat down to gobble up the food and gulp down the drink finding himself terribly hungry. He exhaled a breath to get up and walked out of the dining room to find himself compelled to go to his bedroom which he groaned figuring that the Meritanians were manipulating him again as he found himself obeying to enter his bedroom and shut the doors behind him. 
He heard a voice speak “Interesting stunt in getting the Meritanians to balk our manipulating order.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath recognizing Barry’s voice to find the Builder sitting in a chair in the bedroom which he went to the other chair to sit staring at him.
Barry continued “That’s what the High Council said quoting when the plants reportedly said that they couldn’t do the manipulating order due to that some Builder ordered them to not to do it. Some Shadonian named Nameless said that the Meritanians’ words about a Builder was a lie which the plants have again balked doing the order by the High Council ordering them.”
He frowned as Barry kept talking “I had to convince the High Council that the plants found something seriously wrong with doing that order hence they balking which the Highlanders seemed to have taken my word for it. The Meritanians for some reason have refused to say why their not doing the order or why they found something wrong with it but have said it was wrong to do it as an explanation.” 
He exhaled a breath as Barry paused to clear his throat then spoke “Oh I notice something about you I haven’t gotten a chance to mention before till now. It’s your eyes being a blue color that have people noticing you enough to think that you’re special. I should tell you that your eye color is very rare for a known Human to have in Shadan. There aren’t any more Humans having eye color like yours due to this said to have died out thirty years after the mainland arrived to Shadan. That probably explains some of the fuss done on you due to people seeing your eyes.” 
He felt himself frowning hearing Barry’s words as the Builder got up from the chair and spoke “I have to go, the High Council, want my presence. I’ll be back but don’t know when.” 
He watched as Barry disappeared in a flash of light. Jinks sighed loudly to feel paws of a cat on his lap which he looked down to see Missy in a crouching position while having her tail furred up. He sighed figuring that the cat didn’t like Barry hence she acting like she was protecting him. He eyed Missy to see her settle on his lap tummy sitting and her tail stopped its bunching look which he brought a hand on her back putting it there and not moving it sensing that she didn’t want to be petted. He felt no protest from Missy from his hand on her back as she abruptly got up arching underneath his hand and then got off his lap which his eyes tracked her going out of the bedroom through the cat door. 
Jinks felt a coldness feeling hit him stiffened as a voice spoke sounding in his mind “I have a job for you elemental.” 
He recognized the voice as the cruel male voice of Meritania that spoke to him before which he kept his mouth shut as the voice again sounded as an image of a volcano flashed in his mind along with its location from looking down from above in the sky “Make it erupt now. I’ll handle the restless natives should they protest to this.”
He mentally spoke recognizing the volcano as the one he stopped as ordered by the High Council “Fine.” 
Jinks shut his eyes mentally calling for the volcano to erupt which his senses cued to it sensed it erupting spewing lava out which he opened his eyes finding himself not upset with erupting the volcano. He felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who stared at him with range of emotions on his father’s face.
Lance spoke “Meritania ordered you did him?”
Jinks nodded his head as Lance turned his head towards the Meritanians off his right and spoke loudly “Meritania ordered him to do that eruption. I heard him clearly talking to my son giving the order. Anyway I admit I can hear my son’s thoughts even when he’s thinking them enough to comment from time to time when he’s awake. I definitely heard Meritania order him to do that eruption.” 
He shift his eyes towards the Meritanians who didn’t look happy by the expressions on their faces but saw them all bow their heads before raising them up with grimaces on their faces. 
He heard Lance speak “What did the High Council want?”
He frowned as Ramses spoke “Actually it was that person you were talking about talking to him who confirmed what you said to us.”
He stared at Ramses who bowed his head and spoke “High Council? Something I can do for you?”
He watched as Ramses’ sisters bowed their heads followed by Ramses speaking sounding sarcastic “Sorry nothing I can do about getting Horus to stop the volcano eruption. I and my sisters are forbidden from transporting Horus to your home location whether it’s by Highlander or Builder order.” 
Jinks frowned watching Ramses who continued talking “Sorry High Council can’t do that order. The planet is our ruler and lord of us plants which we obey its rules and that Horus is under planetary control that was ordered to set off that volcano like you detected. Horus being an elemental like the other elementals answers to the planet’s rule and does what the planet has ordered for it to survive keeping all of us life forms alive to live another sun while it orbits in the galaxy.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Ramses’ words as he heard Lance speak “Meritania must have forbidden the plants from mentioning him to the High Council due to suspecting that the Highlanders will attempt to take him down and gain control of the planet and its functions.”
Jinks didn’t comment as his shift his attention towards Lance who was appearing to frown with arms folded while staring at the Meritanians. 
He heard Lance speak “I suspect this forbidding is from me telling him about the High Council forcing you to stop a volcano along with having sensor implants in you that tells them when you’re setting off your powers involving the earth. I think Meritania is not sure what to do about the High Council hence he forbidding the plants from mentioning him to them. He’ll probably give them permission once he’s sure he can handle the High Council and their interference.” 
Jinks frowned as turned to look at the Meritanians as he heard Ramses’ voice speaking “The planet’s name is Shadan like it’s has been since the Shadonia started living here and gave the world its name. Shadan didn’t have a name till the Shadonia named it, after their High Lord at the time figured out that the world was a planet. So stop asking me that ridiculous question. I just told you that the planet’s name is Shadan and stop asking me for its actual name when I already told you it.”
He heard a roaring noise come from Lance followed by the earth shaking around him figured that his father was using his powers as he heard Ramses yell “That’s Lance Richard who’s ticked off that your not being smart about the planet’s name when I just told you it repeatedly!”
Jinks watched the Meritanians sway back and forth as he felt the earth quake continue followed by the plants raising their head with looks of disgust on their faces which he sensed the earth stop it’s shaking. 
He stared at Ramses who spoke loudly “Damn Highlanders for being not smart when it comes to planetary names. I told them, Lance Richard, its Shadan and their not getting it. Harrumph really rude of them to yell at me demanding for the planet’s actual name when I said it’s Shadan. Bah those Highlanders are slow to get information from me such as them thinking us as the same species as them which took them awhile to realize that we’re just sentient mind walking plants and not manoid life forms. Now here we go again with the not getting it joke.” 
He frowned as he felt his eyes forced shut which he woke up jerking open his eyes to feel a furry face rubbing his chin. He eyed Missy that kept the face rubbing before giving off a meow sounding like a pleading tone which he frowned wondering what she wanted as she again gave off the meow sound. He frowned to eye her as she got off his lap and stared at him while gesturing towards the door with her head darting back and forth from the door to him. He sighed and got up from the chair and went to the door following her as she went through the cat door. He yanked open a bedroom door to find her still in the hallway still expecting him to follow her. He frowned but walked out of the bedroom to follow Missy going to the dining room which he figured that she wanted something to eat and drink hence she leading him to there. He saw her dart to the kitchen doors and put a paw on it scratching it while giving off a meow sound sounding pleading. Jinks exhaled a breath picked up Missy who squirmed in his arm grip which he knocked a fist on the door and waited as it opened to see Emma peering out. 
He held up Missy and spoke “She wants to go inside the kitchen.”
He heard from Emma “Well she can’t and tell her she’s not getting anything she wants period.” 
He frowned as Emma stopped peeking out which he again felt Missy squirm in his arms followed by her giving off a meow sound sounding annoyed. He adjusted his hold on Missy and carried her out of the dining room going to the TV room which once inside he sat down on the couch and placed the cat on his lap putting hands on her back rubbing her. Jinks heard her give off another meow sounding annoyed but felt her not protest from being on his lap and his hands rubbing her back. He kept up the back rubbing till she gave up a yowl followed by getting off his lap which he saw her dart underneath the couch as he heard door knocking sounds on the doors. Jinks looked at the doors to see them open followed by James, he saw, with disgust on his face entering the room clearing his throat with Barry behind him. He eyed Barry who went to the couch to sit next to him as he heard door shutting sounds. 
Jinks stared at Barry who spoke sounding annoyed “The High Council wants to know anything involving the Meritanians balking the manipulating order including asking you that.”
He gave a sound of disgust as Barry continued speaking “I told the High Council that the planet is sentient with a mind of its own that got annoyed with your manipulating some volcanoes in the Australia Atoll area along with doing some earthquake power manipulating let its presence be known to you. The High Council in response demanded for the planet’s name. I said that I believed the planet is sentient enough to talk to people living on it and it should be the one answering the question not me which I kept insisting on despite the demands of the High Council.”
Jinks again gave up another sound of disgust as Barry kept talking “The High Council pestered me with questions on how to contact the planet for its name and control of its functions. Lucky before I could answer the Meritanians transported me to the lobby of your home building which I figured I might as well pay you a visit and let you know what’s going on.” 
He frowned as Barry paused to clear his throat before adding “The High Council from my impression are very interested in you as getting you to do orders they want including leaving you alive to do more of their orders. I’m not sure why they seem like that but I suspect this could be your mental abilities that Ajax has demonstrated to inherit along with you having a deathless state and abilities involving fighting in physical combat battles.” 
He formed a frown on his face as Barry twisted to look at him followed by the Builder continued “That Amula male you fought was raised under High Council influence as in several other captured Amula children taken from Amula in gonoid forms given birth to them. The Amula raised by the High Council have turned out to be threatened to serve them by the group threatening to expose their species publicity due to them having instincts overriding the Highlanders’ influence. They wound up serving the High Council half hearted by getting into situations where they would be killed off themselves instead of doing the job as ordered by the group. The High Council in response has oddly quitted using the Amula to do assassinations due to that the Amula has once their on the mainland has balked doing their orders and disappeared out of sight along with getting themselves killed off by any situation that seems deadly enough to kill them.”
He spoke as Barry paused “What about that Amula male that fought me? Why was he so insistence on fighting me and resistance to letting me knock him down or killing himself?”
He saw Barry’s face formed a glare as he quit talking to stare at the Builder who spoke “That male in question was threatened by Highlanders saying that they would ousted the Amula to the public which what he was doing was just a show due to wearing recording devices on his form. I’m surprised that he allowed your cat to claw him on the leg enough to get you to defeat him which he killed himself from that. The Amula from my impression have very strong senses towards detecting things including other gonoids in the vicinity and it doesn’t matter whether their in gonoid or Human form for their senses can alert them of that.”
He frowned hearing that as Barry kept talking “I figured that the male in question sensed your cat but didn’t do anything about her attacking him. I find that cat attack odd for Amula and gonoids regardless of what they are, are very friendly with each other enough for gonoids to defend them in fights against manoids. I got the impression from gonoids friendly with Amula that your cat would have attacked you and not the other way around. I’m not sure what’s going on but I theorized that the Amula must have told Missy to attack him enough to get him defeated in the fight. I’m uncertain of that theory but there’s another theory. I theorized that Missy must have been loyal to you and sensed something wrong with the Amula attacked him enough for you to defeat him.” 
He heard a yowl sound coming from underneath the couch and heard the tone figuring out that Missy was verbalizing what she was hearing as Barry gave him a glare which he figured that the Builder was expecting him to say something. 
Jinks spoke as a memory of three gonoid offspring acting friendly towards Lance Richard flashed in his mind when his father took control of his body “Ugh I don’t know about theories you said but I think Missy was being loyal to me due to that cats over the years have been very friendly with me. I think the friendliness was something related to me having certain abilities. That’s what I think.”
He saw Barry’s face turn more glaring which he stiffened sensing the Builder wanted him to say more than what he said. 
He spoke sounding sarcastic “I theorize that gonoids are friendly with me like they are with the Amula enough to help me with certain situations including my cat helping me in a fight.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as he saw annoyance form on Barry’s face which the Builder spoke while standing up “The High Council have asked for me to return to them. Let’s hope they stop pestering me with questions involving the planet.” 
He watched as Barry disappeared in a flash of light. He heard a yowl sound sounding annoyed coming from underneath the couch which he sighed as Missy came in his eyes sight to jump onto his lap and sit crouching facing the doors.  He sighed again to place a hand on her back as she adjusted her position to tummy sit on his lap sitting on his chest partly as he leaned himself back while having his head touching the couch back. He stared at the cat who put her chin down and appeared to be snoozing which he exhaled a breath and felt sleepiness shut his eyes and dreamed of facing Lance who thrust him sideways as he sensed a light show off his right. 
He looked to see Ajax looking annoyed who spoke “Predecessor, tell the Meritanians to stop manipulating me and my mind. Ramses spoke to me in some odd cruel voice tone like he was ruler of the planet Shadan and its elementals then gave off some laughing sound before I fainted. I woke up hearing my son say ‘Grampa’s safe’ over and over but managed to stop saying it and Jixi has blocked me from scanning his mind and refused to say why he’s saying it. Ugh.” 
He frowned as he eyed the Meritanians who looked annoyed as he heard Lance speak in an annoyed tone “Oh Ramses lay off your jokes done on my grandson get it mister plant? Don’t tempt me to use my powers on you for that.” 
He eyed Ramses who spoke sounding sarcastic “Fine whatever you say Lance Richard.”
Jinks spoke looking at Ajax “Ajax, did Ramses identify himself as someone else when he spoke his words?”
He stared at Ajax who spoke “He called himself Meritania but I knew it was Ramses speaking that. Ramses according to records kept by the High Council used to go by the name of Meritania before the First Ones’ land arrived. A cycle after the land arrived Ramses insisted that the High Council drop the name of Meritania and call him by his present name of Ramses-“
He heard Ramses interrupt “That’s Ramses the Great to you smarty.”
He frowned as Ajax continued ignoring Ramses’ cutting in “And he has refused to explain the name change to the High Council despite them asking him. Also from what we could tell he got the name from some people identifying an Ancient Earth ruler with the same name from some museum exhibit of some place called Ancient Egypt-”
He formed a frown with his lips as Ramses again cut in “I like the name of Ramses the Great for I’m great get it?”
Jinks heard a roaring noise besides him off his left before stopping and then heard Ajax spoke “Yes we get it Ramses so stop interrupting me while I’m talking mister plant. As I was saying Ancient Egypt has been identified by the High Council as some old First One civilization on Ancient Earth that was a bit on the primitive side. The Ancient Egyptians according to what the High Council could find out from the First Ones had religious beliefs that seemed similar to beliefs found in some planet called Humania along with living similarly as the Humanians from records of natives of that planet saying their lives and beliefs. That includes believing in some deity lord named Amen Ra as a main God along with another God Lord named Osiris ruler of the Underworld.” 
Jinks widened his eyes feeling himself shocked while staring at Ajax who kept talking “The Ancient Egyptians were ruled by a male called Pharaoh with female mates taking the titled name of Queen and their customs were similar to customs in Humania. Also there’s a custom of building a pyramid tomb for the Pharaoh which both have along with burying him with objects thinking he’ll need for the afterlife which what they call after someone passed away. The High Council is uncertain on who started their customs along with religious beliefs and copied each other Humanians in Humania or the First Ones in Ancient Earth their not sure. What do you think Predecessor?”
He shifted attention towards Lance who had a glare on his face with arms folded before his father spoke “I’ll tell you one thing I recall when I lived as a Humanian that there were records of some being that refused to identify himself later turned out to be my father who took up the name of Amen Ra when he became Pharaoh during a civil war uniting all the people in the city of Zimala. He later after he was crowned spread some beliefs involving a main God named Amen Ra including God Lords named Osiris and his younger brother named Set, Osiris’s mate named Isis, Osiris’s son named Horus and a gonoid head God named Anubis. It was my father who came up with the chant words ‘Ay Kabaiya’ means ‘Death cannot touch us’ unsure of what language it’s from for when someone dies. Along with insisting that the city’s natives do some custom of when the Pharaoh dies they were to chant the words ‘Ay Kabaiya’ while kneeling on the ground for a certain time period. Then after that do some things to the ruler’s body such as taking out his heart organ and putting it in a box then put the body in a tomb prepared for him along with placing the heart box on a pedestal as the first thing the person sees when they enter the tomb to act like a guardian from people thinking of disturbing the body’s resting place.”
Jinks frowned as Lance paused to shrug followed by his father continued talking “According to records from travelers in other nearby cities arriving to Zimala they never heard of my father before he became Pharaoh or know who he is or who his deceased mate, my mother, he gave the name of Tala was actually. The only clue to who he was, was the way he was dressed when he arrived to the city of Zimala that suggested he came from somewhere else other than Humania due to that none ever dressed like that and that the clothes were very well made and unusual for Humanians to make. Also that none of the Humanians ever heard of this God named Amen Ra or the deities involved till he became Pharaoh and spread those beliefs including those customs involved with the worshipping and doing things involving a ruler of those people.” 
He heard Ajax speak as Lance paused “There’s no known record of Humanians visiting Ancient Earth when civilization was either primitive or technology advanced according to what we could tell involving the First Ones’ records of their planetary history.”
He stared at Lance who spoke “Well I suspect that the Humanians who visited Ancient Earth either kept themselves hidden or records of them visiting were destroyed or maybe records of them weren’t included in the First Ones’ historical documents when they transferred over to Shadan from their home world.”
He frowned to hear Ajax give up a sound of disgust as Lance continued ignoring Ajax’s noise “I should warn you that the First Ones after they arrived suffered great losses to death that it took them like thirty cycles to attend to the dead and the damage involved that caused the deaths. They lost a lot of people said to pass down recorded verbal historical stories involving Ancient Earth including historical documents were destroyed during the attack on their home world just prior to the transfer along with being destroyed during the transfer and after arriving in Shadan. The First Ones from what I could tell at the moment are still struggling to piece together Ancient Earth’s history before the transfer due to clues of exhibits left intact in their museums that survived the destruction of the attack and transfer including landing in Shadan.”
Jinks heard Ramses speak his familiar question felt his eyes forced shut to wake up feeling a furry face rubbing his chin and heard a meow sounding worried which he jerked open his eyes to stare at Missy standing on him. He frowned as he heard a door knocking sound shift his eyes towards the doors to see them open followed by James entering the room clearing his throat. 
Jinks stared at James who spoke “Its dinner time, time for your required meal.” 
He exhaled a breath to pick up Missy and placed her on the couch next to him as he got up and walked out of the TV room while sensing the cat following him. It brought memories of previous cats following him when he lived in different places and seemed devoted towards him from their friendly behavior. He sighed and went to the dining room to find a tray holding dishware filled with food that smells made his stomach rumble which he went to sit and ate the food and drank the drink. He once finished went to the gym room and swung open the doors to stare with shock seeing Barry inside. 
He spoke “I thought the Meritanians couldn’t transport you inside my home due to a Builder ordering them?”
He frowned as Barry spoke sounding firm “It took a great deal of convincing to a certain Builder to allow me to be transported inside your home instead of your building lobby which this Builder in question said only the gym room was where I could be transported to which the plants obeyed.”
He folded his arms to frown as Barry continued talking changing tone to annoyance “The High Council managed to get the Meritanians to transport Ajax and his son Jixi to them which your previous conversation with the plants was eavesdrop by Highlander servants if you know what I meant.” 
He nodded his head as Barry paused to give him a glare before the Builder added “Anyway there’s a rumor going around I heard from Highlanders that this odd Human male named Dalton has been identified to be your son due to you matching as his father. I’m not sure what’s going on but I get the feeling that the High Council is thinking of searching Great Britain or what’s left of it for some castle reportedly said to hold the body of a passed away Human female named Jacinda who is identified as Dalton’s mother by the Ghost Walkers themselves who claimed to take him away from her after she gave birth.”

Nikolas paused from telling the story to give off a throat clearing noise while giving Dalton a glare. 
He found Dalton noticed his glare to speak "My mother's name was Jacinda the one this Barry according to your story birthed me. Don't ask me further on my birth and my growing up period. I don't have the memory of that. The Meritanians have refused to give me memories of that. All I can remember is waking up on a warship with the Ghost Walkers soon after it landed on Shadan and assumed some jokey status of being a Drainer onto the warship's natives. Not sure what's going on with that. Don't ask."
Nikolas heard from Yana in response "Daddy, just tell the story!"
He groaned loudly in response and didn't protest to her throat clearing noises obeyed.

Jinks stiffened hearing Barry’s words regarding Jacinda as the Builder kept talking “I think the High Council want to find Jacinda’s body and do some tests on it to find out how she could have conceived Dalton due to that they didn’t find a trace of Dalton’s odd Humanity in you. Hence they very interested in finding out who she really was. Also I doubt that they’ll succeed in doing that due to how long it’s been since Jacinda passed away along with water known to dissolve bodies of the dead including gonoids eating them till there’s nothing left. I also doubt that you’ll be helpful in the search due to that you weren’t around when she passed away or seen to her body’s burial.”
He again nodded his head as Barry paused to clear his throat then continued “The High Council didn’t send me here someone else did which the Meritanians are claiming it was on orders of a Builder but I suspect I know who that person is and I’m not saying who due to there being recorders.”
He heard from Lance as Barry paused “I ordered the plants to transport him to you. I’ll tell you about Jacinda later.” 
He frowned to stare at Barry who gave him a glare expecting him to say something “Alright I recall when I spent time in Great Britain I met Jacinda who helped me with some things giving me problems mentally. Anyway she was a good help that I managed to recover from my problems enough to feel much better.”
He clamped his mouth shut as heard a throat clearing noise coming from Barry which the Builder spoke “I figured that out myself, Jinks. By the way I’m wanted back so see you around.” 
He watched as Barry disappeared in a flash of light. Jinks sighed and sat down on the floor and began doing his stretching exercises. He swung himself up once done and began doing his familiar Kata till he ended with a bow towards the doorway to find one closed and one ajar with Missy peeking from outside the hallway. He sighed figuring out that Missy was watching him doing his karate and figured that she wouldn’t get attention if she went to interrupt him doing his movements as she entered the room doing her familiar sniffing motions followed by going to his ankle to rub her face on it then darted out of the room out of sight. He sighed figuring that he’ll go to the library and do some book reading recalling starting a book and not finishing it. Jinks left the gym room and went to the library room going inside to find his book right where he left it which he sat down and felt no book between the cushion and chair as he leaned back picking up his book. 
He heard from Lance “Jinks, the High Council won’t get Jacinda’s body very easily due to that she’s buried in the Drainers’ castle. She’s in a location used by Drainers and their King, Drainer Lord as their throne room. She’s buried underneath their ruler’s throne chair.”
He exhaled a breath hearing Lance’s words as his father continued talking “Back then when the Drainers were around they had a hand in her burial including building the throne chair area in the castle and being very insistence on having the castle as theirs.”
He heard Lance paused before adding “I don’t know if they passed down that Jacinda was buried there or not. I haven’t been able to communicate with the Drainers or their King or non Drainer servants since you took my body. I doubt that they’ll be welcoming to strangers entering their castle due to communication from Dalton and the Ghost Walkers visiting them and receiving a very rude reception.”
He frowned as Lance continued to talk “Also I didn’t get a chance to tell Dalton where his mother was buried due to the High Council taking him and putting him in suspended sleep. I haven’t been able to communicate with Dalton in that state. Dalton from communicating with him before the High Council knocked him out doesn’t seem to be aware of anything odd about the Drainers’ castle to indicate his mother being buried there-”

"Yeah right!" Nikolas heard interrupting him sounding of Dalton who spoke "Daddy dearest did contact me."
He shifted to glare at Dalton with annoyance running through him with all red eyes with the Source in control.
Dalton, he glared at noticed his glare and spoke "The Meritanians let me know what really happened to my Mother and her body after she passed away. They claim that my father burned her body and scattered her ashes onto the river. Not sure what's with that jokey status involving her body buried in the Drainers' castle. Except I heard one of the trapped ones in the Hall of One Thousand Voices mentioned a story involving their first Drainer King having a female as his who he valued strongly that didn't survive the birth of an offspring and passed away from it. The story goes is that the Drainer King ordered her body to be entombed where his chair is. Not sure why your story involving this burial as my Mother in question."
Nikolas glared in response as he heard "Daddy, just tell the story. Ignore the rude interruption by Dalton boy-" He heard from Yana which Dalton interrupted "Quit the name of Dalton boy onto me!"
Nikolas sighed and willed aside the Source and spoke the story ignoring Dalton giving off another bah fit while hearing Yana still typing onto the laptop. 

Jinks exhaled a breath as Lance continued to speak “I should warn you that after Jacinda was buried I later learned that Drainers don’t like Highlanders and have declared themselves a forever enemy of them. I heard that the reason is that the Drainers are very fond of Humans and are not happy with the Highlanders making Humans as nothing but a created race by mistake that should be extinct. I doubt that the High Council will be able to get Jacinda’s body without resistance from the Drainers who might put up a big fight whether their told of her being buried there or not.”
He heard silence from Lance figured that his father stopped talking which he mentally spoke recalling something said by the High Council “You have any idea why the High Council and their Highlander servants refer Humans as First Ones? What’s up with that?”
He frowned as he heard from Lance “Argh! It figures on what the High Council meant by First One. The Humans are actually the oldest of all the races known among the High Council and said to be created by a world named Terrania sister of a world named Meritania while the other races were created by a world named Edenia and that includes the Shadonia, Drainers and Highlanders. I’m not sure why the High Council and Highlanders have their nasty attitude towards Humans which got Drainers furious with them enough to declare them a forever enemy. Anyway enough talk the Meritanians is getting nosy from the noises their making and they can scan me which I can detect them doing it. Talk to you later, Jinks.”
He heard silence from Lance sighed and raised the book up to his eyes sight and began reading it finding himself engrossed with the contents which he read an uncounted number of pages till he felt pressure on his lap which made him pause from reading to look down. He saw Missy standing on his lap which he watched as she laid her form down and curled into a ball with form still which he sensed her breathing and figured that she went to sleep. He sighed again and brought his attention back to the book allowing himself to be engrossed in it again reading an uncounted number of pages to frown when the lights above blinked on and off repeatedly which made him look up staring at the ceiling. He heard a loud ahem sound coming from the doors which he looked lowering his head and the book to see James standing next to the light switch looking annoyed.
James spoke “Sorry to disturb you but it’s your required time to quit for the day and get ready for bed. Excuse me for blinking the lights but you appeared to be more interested in the book you’re reading to pay attention to anything happening around you.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath placed the book on the table next to the chair leaving it flat on where he was in it using the table to hold his spot and placed hands on Missy lifting her up while hearing her give up a yowl sounding annoyed. He placed Missy on the floor on her four paws that stretched as he got up releasing his hold on her. He got up and walked out of the room passed James without giving the butler a glance and went to his bedroom shutting the doors. Once inside he went into the bathroom figuring that he’ll shower due to feeling like needing one. He cleaned himself thoroughly with soap and shampoo then allowed the water to wash away the substances. Jinks came out of the shower to dry himself thoroughly with a towel then hung the towel up followed by walking to his pajama pants lying folded on the counter. He picked the pants up and put it on his form then glimpsed himself in the mirror which he leaned against the counter to stare at himself eyeing his eyes to see that they were what Barry said looking like Human eyes in an intense color of blue with black pupils in the middle. He sighed seeing some oldness look in his eyes figuring that its from living very long left the bathroom going to his bed to spot Missy tummy sitting on the bed which she got up and sat on her haunches as he neared the bed. He frowned as she gave off several meows sounds in some tone that made him think she was lecturing him on something which he shrugged and went to yank the blankets back. He got on the bed on his side and with a hand yanked the blankets over his head and heard Missy give off a loud yowl sounding annoyed. He yanked the blankets off of him to glare at Missy who he saw went to her cat bed to lie down on curling into a ball and appeared to have fallen asleep. Jinks sighed and yanked the blankets over his head shutting his eyes finding himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a roaring noise sounding very loudly which he jerked open his eyes forcing himself to stand up discovering he wasn’t in his bedroom still wearing pajamas while feeling a familiar object felt covering his forehead while facing a stone wall with a wooden bench running the entire length of it. 
He heard a voice speaking “About time you woke up now get out of this cell. You have explaining to do.” 
He heard the voice sounded behind him in male guttural tone in Summeran turned around following the stone wall to see curved like a box and then met a gated fence the entire length of the cell and part of it was open with a figure standing in the opening. He saw the figure was male wearing black and white smooth clothing with hands fisted and focused on the male’s face to see the eyes and the surrounding area including the nose were covered in a black mask showing white orbs peeking out along with the rest of the face bared to look Human like with tan skin with the neck area appeared to be entirely covered in blackness. He saw the male appeared to have black spiky hair while wearing a silver headband on his forehead that reminded him of a crown. 
He exhaled a breath as the male continued sounding irritated “Don’t stand there get out of this cell for your wanted in the throne room. My Drainer Lord wants your presence.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath figuring out that the male was a Drainer walked forwards to walk out of the cell and heard it bang shut behind him finding himself equal height as the male. 
He eyed the Drainer who pointed a finger at a direction and spoke “March! There’s stairs going up in that direction, take it now!”
Jinks figured it was best not to protest walked forwards in the direction the Drainer pointed and sensed the male following as he glimpsed by glow balls in the walls, Humans in identical cells, bars appearing to be giving off electrical sounds as he passed them. He found a door opened it sensing the Drainer wanted him to do it and found stairs going up on his left which he walked up them till he reached an arch in the wall and paused hearing growling noises coming from it. He felt himself pushed through them to see a large stone bricked room with various Drainers wearing smooth black and white clothing with some fur on them in male and female forms with females having the lower half of their faces covered along with their necks in blackness with their eyes and forehead seen showing their eyes appearing to be like the Shadonia. The Drainers he saw were gathered around in a semi circle towards something as he again was pushed through the throng till he felt the pushing stop to see what the Drainers were looking at. He saw a set up steps appearing to be made out of stone that looked like they took the entire length of the wall which his eyes kept on going up till he reached his chin height to find standing on the steps to his disgust was a Luneran, Shad he figured wearing a sword attached to his clothing on the side and heard foreign language sounding beyond Shad which his eyes shifted to see a male Drainer wearing furry white clothing sitting on a bony chair that appeared to be on top of a large rectangular stone box while wearing a shiny silver crown on his head that reminded him of his Emperor crown. He frowned as the male he assumed was the King, Drainer Lord spoke in foreign language again which he found himself not understanding the male’s words. 
He heard a familiar male voice speaking besides him in Summeran “Says explain why the Meritanians transported you to here in the throne room unconscious which Torrin couldn’t wake you up till now?”
He shifted his eyes towards the familiar Drainer standing next to him with arms folded that again spoke repeating his words which he figured was called Torrin and was translating the King’s foreign language. He shifted his eyes towards the King’s throne chair to stare as if drawn at the rectangular box the chair was sitting on top of as he heard growling sounds again sounding in the room. 
He stiffened when he heard Lance’s voice sounding in his mind “Jacinda is buried right where the King is sitting. Ask them if they know anyone named Jacinda and that you’re seeking her and want to know what happened to her.” 
Jinks spoke making himself sound firm “Do you know a Human female named Jacinda and know what happened to her? I’m seeking her.” 
He heard foreign language sounding from Torrin in a tone that made him think it was disgust while hearing the Drainers’ growling become more intense followed by them stopping by the King yelling something at them. 
He frowned as the King spoke sounding annoyed followed by Torrin speaking sounding disgusted “Says you didn’t answer my question as in why the Meritanians transported you here.” 
Jinks spoke “It’s because I’m seeking a Human female named Jacinda and last heard that her last location was your castle.” 
He heard Torrin speaking in foreign language as he eyed the King to hear Shad speaking in foreign language in a sarcastic tone followed by the Drainer Lord speaking “Alex.”
Jinks frown hearing the name to hear the King give off a scolding tone while speaking in foreign language towards Shad who shrugged while folding his arms before speaking in some firm tone. 
He frown wondering what was said as the King again spoke which he heard Torrin speaking “Says what you heard about Jacinda must be mistaken. There haven’t been any Humans named Jacinda since I took leadership of the Drainers but there were female Drainers named Jacinda or some variation of that name during my reign. Perhaps you must have heard of them and mistakenly thought they were referring to the Human female you are seeking.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath as he got a communication from Lance speaking “Tell them about Great Britain and the flood and that Jacinda lived during that time and your seeking to find out if she survived or not.” 
Jinks spoke as Torrin translated his words in Drainer language recounting what he heard of Great Britain and the land being flooded into several islands and Jacinda living during that time including himself meeting her. 
He added “I’m trying to find out if Jacinda survived this disaster.”
He clamped his mouth shut as he heard sounds like laughter among the Drainers followed by them silenced by the King yelling a word at them. 
He frowned as the King spoke words translated by Torrin “Says that disaster was a very long time ago way before your age looks were born and I failed to see how you could have met Jacinda when you don’t look old enough to have met her.”
Jinks exhaled a breath and spoke as Torrin translated his words “That meeting was arranged by your forever enemy the High Council manipulating me to do a job for them back then, then after that put in some sleep state which I wound up waking up from.”
He again heard the growling noises heard the King speak sounding angry followed by Torrin translating “Says identify yourself now!”
He spoke “The name I go by is Jinks Montreal and I lead a group of people united called the Master Organization that worships me as a vessel of a Human deity named Lance Richard.” 
He heard Torrin interrupted by Shad speaking in foreign language sounding disgusted followed by the King again giving off the name Alex in some firm tone. 
He frowned as the King again spoke with Torrin translating “Says we have heard of Lance Richard and figured out the Jacinda you’re referring to. She didn’t survive the flood disaster due to passing away before it happened and her body was buried someplace of the castle vicinity and its grounds which we’re unsure of the location.” 
His senses blared telling him the last sentence the King said was a lie which he stiffened to mentally think “Father, they know where Jacinda is buried.” 
He heard from Lance sounding irritated “Jinks, I’m busy now don’t disturb.” 
Jinks spoke “I got from a reliable source that Jacinda had a son who is still alive in some sleep state by the High Council and that they already examined the father and want to examine her to find out why her son was born odd.” 
He clamp his mouth shut as he heard growling sounds as Torrin kept on translating followed by the Drainer becoming silent which he stared at the King who’s mouth formed a thin line. 
He listened as the King spoke translated by Torrin “Says what oddity is that that you’re talking about Dalton?”
He stiffened hearing the name mentally yelled “They know about Dalton, father!”
He heard again Lance’s irritated voice and familiar words sounding again in his mind. 
Jinks spoke from memory of meeting Dalton flashing in his mind “The oddity I heard is Dalton is a mind walker and has a Human appearance with non Human like hands. His father has been examined and the results show nothing to explain why Dalton was born odd like I said and that the High Council wants to examined his mother to figure out this oddness.” 
Jinks shut his mouth while hearing Torrin continue translating as he frowned staring at the King who grimaced with his mouth baring fanged teeth then mouth formed a thin line which he heard Torrin stop followed by Shad speaking in foreign language sounding annoyed and this time didn’t get a comment from the Drainer Lord. He frowned as Shad continued to speak sounding lengthy and heard nothing from Torrin or the King wondered what was said. 
This was followed by the King speaking which he heard Torrin speaking “Says order the Meritanians to transport you back now or else.” 
He exhaled a breath mentally yelled “Ramses transport me back to my home! The Drainers are done talking to me!”
He heard Ramses’ voice sounding in his mind “Ugh High Council their done talking to Horus and want us to transport him back to his home now.” 
He stiffened hearing Ramses words as the scene changed to show himself standing in the High Council’s throne room and felt the familiar clawed hands grab his arms in tight ironclad grips. 
He gave up a sound of disgust and spoke “Don’t tell me you know where Jacinda is buried and was getting confirmation for it from me doing your job.” 
Jinks glared at the High Council seated behind their speakers as Shad spoke sounding like sarcasm “Actually that’s not what we asked you here for.” 
His senses blared telling him it was a lie which he figured his words said on Jacinda was buried to the High Council who would assume the Drainers have her body. 
He heard Onya speak “So the Drainers have Jacinda don’t they?”
He clamped his mouth shut as Shad continued to speak “Nevertheless your words prove to say the location of her burial which we’ll think of something to get them to give us her body-“
He interrupted sounding in sarcasm “Why don’t you have the Meritanians transport her body to you? This should be easy for them to do that.” 
Jinks heard Ramses’ voice speaking sounding in his mind “Ugh sorry High Council can’t do that due to not able to sense Jacinda or her mind plus the Drainer King was thinking of something whether it’s a past memory or future thought, I don’t know, of Jacinda’s body lying someplace else. The someplace else appears to be a clear see through box with night sky outlines where she’s lying in appearing to look Human old age and there’s a manoid being while waving a hand device over the box before appearing to turn it off with a hand from the light of the device stop shining. That’s all I can tell from the thought before the Drainer King yelled at me to stop scanning him.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as he heard Onya speak “Ramses describe the manoid further.” 
He heard Ramses speak “The manoid has a plant colored look with a dome like head with no hair on it with skin that appears to be cracked and large golden sun eyes that aren’t Human like and has no ears of any kind sticking out of the sides of the head. Plus the form appeared to be a male dressed in clothing that is sky blue appearing to be Shadonian styled of the Shadonia’s High Lord’s under lord court members. There’s some kind of shiny cloud colored jewel on the chest over right where the First One heart organ is that is five pointed shaped with something on it that appears to be language but I’m not sure. The device the manoid was holding in First One like night sky colored hands while waving it over Jacinda appears to be identical to the devices you use for scanning the dead.”
He stiffened realizing that the manoid was a Rakcar as he heard Lance speak sounding in his mind as Ramses pause “Drat I should have realized that Jacinda’s family descendants would move her body from where I had her buried.” 
He frowned to mentally speak “Family descendants? Who are they anyway?”
He heard Lance speaking irritated “I’m busy now don’t disturb.” 
Jinks figured something out while thinking “That’s speech for Meritanians scanning your mind isn’t it?”
He heard nothing from Lance but figured that his father would explain to him later followed by Ramses speaking “You might want to check your historical documents on whether this Jacinda had any family members or other children besides Dalton who could have moved her body to someplace else without Lance Richard’s knowledge due to that he didn’t keep tabs on her body when he lived in Great Britain. Also from what we could tell from scans back then Lance Richard was too busy taking care of his children and their descendants making sure that they lived longer than normal life spans for Humans to bother focusing on Jacinda and her body. Lance Richard according to him thinks the Drainers still have her body buried somewhere in the castle perhaps in the throne room right underneath the throne chair where the Drainer King sits.”
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust hearing Ramses’ words as the Meritanian became silent by sensing the headache stop. He figured out what Lance meant saying busy and no disturb comments was that the Meritanians were scanning his father’s mind which was proven by what Ramses said to the High Council he heard talking to them. 
Shad spoke “Hmm it sounds like a Rakcar you described, Ramses. It explains something that happened just as the First Ones’ land arrived to Shadan. We detected a Rakcaran warship crash landing in one of the islands of Great Britain and we tried to establish contact with no answer. We sent a scouting party via one of our warships to the island that broke off contact with us abruptly and detected the warship still flying around from tracking it from the island to one of the Shadonia’s home islands where its still there not in use. The Rakcar’s warship has been observed abandoned by its crew to nature but guarded very jealously by the Drainers who indicated that their using it at the moment for some purpose we’re not sure what like their using the Ghost Walkers’ ship sitting on their home island.”
He frowned hearing that as Onya spoke “Ramses, the natives, have they gotten restless for Horus yet?”
He growled a soft sound to feel the piece of metal was still on his forehead felt his arms restrained to his sides by the Hawk head guards tightening their grips. 
He heard Ramses speak “Actually they think he’s asleep in his home at the moment and isn’t paying attention to the locator on him due to its blocked by the device on his forehead.” 
Jinks heard the edge in Ramses’ voice figured that the Meritanian wasn’t saying something fully which he kept his mouth shut figuring it was best to do so. 
He heard Shad speak “Good, we have a job for you, Horus-“
He interrupted “I’m not doing the job if it involves assassinating people for I already went through trouble doing that and I’m not doing it again.” 
He heard Onya speak sounding like sarcasm “What trouble is that, Horus? You care to tell us?”
Jinks spoke recalling something in his mind “You had me kill off a female named Elina Soto which the Humans picked on me for doing it but backed off when it was revealed that she was actually an assassin named Black Widow.”
Jinks heard a whispered growl off his left which he shifted his eyes to see Anubis with ears flat standing sideways while wearing a device like necklace around his neck with eyes narrowed appearing to be glaring at him. 
He shifted eyes towards the High Council as Shad spoke “Well that’s too bad, Horus for this time we have something for you to do and expect you to do it period without complaint or suffer the consequences of your refusal.” 
He fisted his hands and formed a thin line with his mouth as he blinked his eyes to discover himself standing in the gym room and saw James with golden eyes standing in the doorway looking furiously angry while feeling the metal on his forehead gone from him. 
He exhaled a breath as James spoke “You didn’t come out at the appointed time which I searched the place for you and figured that you were elsewhere which I demanded for the Meritanians to transport you here.” 
Jinks nodded his head as James added “Go take a shower and get dressed, its noon and that’s not a suggestion.” 
He kept his mouth shut walked passed James who he noticed had hands behind his back which he figured took off the device off his forehead and was hiding it from him. He went to his bedroom finding the doors open and shut them once inside the room then walked further into the room towards the bathroom doorway which he went inside. 

Jinks came out dressed in clean clothes exchanged from his pajama pants and fresh from showering along with hair brushed. He heard an excited meow sound sounding loudly and paused from walking to feel a cat rubbing his leg. He sighed and bent down picking up Missy and carried her with no protest to the bedroom doors which he opened one and walked out finding James no where in sight. He frowned but went to the dining room to find sitting on the table was a tray with dishware holding food that smelled making his stomach rumble. He placed Missy down on the floor and went to the table to sit and ate his food eating and drinking till nothing was left. He sighed to get up and blinked his eyes to find himself in the High Council’s throne room again restrained by Hawk head guards. He felt disgust hit him as Onya spoke “As we were saying the job is retrieving one of our warships appearing to be abandoned on one of the islands owned by the Shadonia.”
His senses blared warning telling him there was something else as Onya added “Ramses transport him to the area now.” 
He blinked his eyes to find them blare night vision along with discovering himself in a forest jungle while hearing growling noises that sounded sinister but familiar but he couldn’t place the noises. 
He mentally yelled “Ramses why couldn’t you transport me into the warship instead of the area nearby it?”
Jinks blinked his eyes to discover himself in the library of the penthouse and standing in the doorway was James again looking furious with golden eyes which he figured that the butler voice ordered the Meritanians to transport him back to his home. He exhaled a breath to frown as James disappeared in a flash of light to hear Missy yowling loudly in some angry tone from the hallway which he went out to see her sitting on her haunches looking furious by the expression in her eyes. 
He spoke loudly “The Meritanians transported James elsewhere.”
He heard nothing in response but Missy annoyed yowling sounds which he sighed and figured that he’ll go to the kitchen and talk to the servants there. He went to Missy and picked her up finding the cat not protesting to that but still yowl an angry tone. Jinks carried Missy to the dining room and went to the kitchen doors to knock his fist on it and frowned getting no response from Emma which he opened one door and peered into the kitchen to discover no one in sight. He walked further into the kitchen to discover both servants were gone to his annoyance and went out of the kitchen to the elevator to find the doors shut. He looked at the walls surrounding the elevator doors and frowned not seeing anything that indicated a button for elevator groaned loudly and felt Missy squirm in his arms. He placed her down on the floor and saw her get on the couch to sit crouching on it still giving off her yowl sounds.  He exhaled a breath figuring out that the Meritanians transported his servants elsewhere in retaliation against James ordering them to transport him home. Jinks groaned and went to the gym room to find Barry inside to his shock. He stared at Barry who didn’t look happy by the expression on the Builder’s face. 
Barry spoke “The High Council told the Meritanians to transport your servants to a location I’m not sure where just to cripple your home life. So stretch and show me some Karate now I like to see what their babbling about you having trouble defeating an Amula due to knowing you capable of defeating them easily.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath went in the middle of the room as Barry went to a corner which he sat down and stretched then swung himself up and began doing his Kata in the black belt rank which he ended with a bow towards the doors to find Missy crouching in the hallway with ears flat on top of her head and some annoyed look in her eyes. He turned to face Barry only to blink his eyes to find himself in the High Council’s throne room back to the group as Hawk head guards again grabbed him restraining him. 
He heard Barry yell from behind him “Meritanians transport Jixi out before the kid imprints on Horus now!”
He frowned as he was forced to turn around to find only Barry and Anubis standing which he heard Shad echo Barry’s words in a questioning tone. 
He eyed Barry who spoke “Horus being an elemental is giving off some sense that would make offspring that is related to him sees him as their parent. It’s the same sense that a certain gonoid is always friendly with him just to let you know.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Onya spoke sounding sarcastic “The warship job Ramses.” 
He blinked his eyes to discover himself standing in some forest jungle clearing in light of morning sunrays shining. He heard the familiar growling noises looked at the bushes moving in front of him meters away to see surrounding him were familiar gonoids numerous in number which he recalled them as Tee Dees. Jinks stiffened as he sensed himself filmed sensed the filming from above as the Tee Dees advanced towards him still giving off growling noises. He blinked his eyes to discover himself standing in a familiar room with people there and saw one appeared to be a Builder looking annoyed. He looked around the room to spot ten consoles with people wearing headsets sitting in front of them surrounding a round table underneath a spotlight with a hologram image of Australia Atoll shown on it. 
Jinks spoke “Alright what did the High Council do to my servants? Last I heard that they were transported to another location by High Council orders courtesy of the Meritanians and that’s all I know.” 
He eyed the Builder standing near him who spoke answering his question “The servants were transported to a location in Australia Atoll and weren’t discovered missing till you were overheard saying something about the Meritanians transporting your butler. We managed to retrieve them to the medical room and they were discovered unconscious with wounds suspiciously of a gonoid called Tee Dee.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust spoke as the Builder paused “The High Council had the Meritanians transport me to a location where there’s Tee Dees in vicinity that look like their not friendly with me from previous experience with them and what about my servants and how their doing?” 
He paused to feel an urge to punch the Builder arrived within him found himself doing it and the male not complaining from it. 
He heard from the Builder “Your servants have been attended to medically and sent to the hospital for further medical care. It’s too soon to determine if you need replacements or not.” 
He exhaled a breath to groan as an urge to kill the Builder arrived within him which he turned away squatting his form and putting hands on his forehead shutting his eyes. 
He shouted “The High Council admitted me that the Meritanians can mentally control me to do things along with mind walkers giving me the urge to kill which I’m feeling now so stay away from me!”
He heard foreign language sounding scattered in the room and felt a stinging pain in the back of his neck while feeling a round object stuck to it as he heard familiar growling noises of Tee Dees which made him jerk to a standing position to see the gonoids heading towards him as he felt a rage episode arrive putting him out. 

Jinks came to find himself lifted from a squatting position by familiar hands on his arms as he discovered himself back in the High Council’s throne room again restrained by Hawk head guards. 
He gave up a sound of disgust as Shad spoke “Play the recording, let Horus see what we saw played for its obvious that he had a rage episode and doesn’t remember a thing.” 
Jinks formed a thin line with his lips feeling his disgust take hold figuring that the Tee Dees was a trap to attempt to kill him as ordered by the High Council. He narrowed his eyes as the lights above dimmed to show a projection hologram of a large rectangle near the stairs in front of him which he saw an overhead view of himself standing while Tee Dees charged towards him. He watched himself grab the first of the Tee Dees to appear to snap its neck followed by throwing the gonoid’s form in the air away from him as he saw himself grab Tee Dees reaching him one at a time and throwing them away from him like they weighted nothing to him. Jinks continued to watch the gonoid throwing which ceased as the Tee Dees started walking in a circle around himself meters away before stopping and all charging at him. He saw himself thrust a fist towards the ground to see it hit the dirt while kneeling on one knee and saw the entire Tee Dees fly up going backwards out of camera view followed by himself adjusting his position to squat with hands on the forehead and form still. He blinked his eyes as the lights resumed their brightness overhead and the projection hologram screen stopped which he glared at the High Council feeling himself annoyed with them. 
Jinks heard Onya speak “Erra, dump Horus in the Marinara crater in the bottom of it in the ocean now.” 
He growled as the scene changed to find himself facing a large water fountain in the color of green while feeling a stinging feeling of a needle dart hitting him from behind followed by sleepiness which he crumpled to the ground going unconscious. 

Jinks came to feel himself chained to a wall while wearing a blind fold hearing voices sounding familiar speaking in Summeran commenting that the Meritanians blew it keeping them hidden from the High Council by transporting this Moorra to them. He stiffened to the name of Moorra to recall meeting blond Shadonians who used the word in front of him which he clamped his mouth shut recalling a mind walking plant named Werra’s warning about not speaking the word Moorra. He kept his mouth shut as a hand gloved got on his throat and began to gag him which he kicked out a foot and felt it hit something while hearing a loud groaning noise and noises of people being shocked by the action. He yanked his wrists free from the chains and again felt familiar clawed hands grab him on the arms along with the blindfold yanked from his eyes. Jinks blinked his eyes adjusting them to see Anubis standing in front of him sideways waving the blindfold cloth he saw was white colored and felt disgust as he saw the High Council in their seats behind their speakers. 
He heard Shad speak sounding annoyed “Meritanians, what are you hiding from us?”
He heard Ramses’ voice speaking in his mind “Their mind walkers not Highlanders that have refused to identify themselves living underwater in Marinara crater. They have specifically told us not to contact them and have fired their weapons on anything entering the crater area destroying it as an attempt to keep themselves hidden. They don’t seem to be interested in contacting the other races here on Shadan and prefer to keep to themselves along with keeping us out of their business. Their aware of you and don’t seem interested in you and your business including your views towards First Ones they have knocked out transported to their home location along with mind wiping the First One to serve them doing jobs of taking care of their home which is what they were about to do with Horus. Terra transported Horus back to you due to him getting out of their restraints and interrupting their attempts to mind wiped him due to sensing something wrong that required him to be out of there immediately.” 
He felt annoyance hit him as Onya spoke “Terra, what do you have to say about this?”
He heard Terra speak “It’s the link Horus has with the Shadonia that I detected trouble which I transported him out back to you.”
He heard Shad speak “What link are you talking about? There’s isn’t a link isn’t there? You made it up.”
He heard the annoyance in Shad’s voice kept his mouth shut as Ramses spoke sounding angry “Yes there is a link between Horus and the Shadonia. Just scan their minds and you’ll see that the Shadonia have some sort of hive thought in them that’s in the back of their individual thoughts. This explains why they don’t seem to fight in hand to hand combat battles but using anything to get their hands on as weapons including pieces of nature when their fighting among each other. Horus and a High Lord mentally set up a link accidentally when they both met for a private meeting and that was from the High Lord gripping Horus’s necklace he was wearing that you took away from him due to the Shadonian feeling compelled to wear it but couldn’t fully steal it. The link wound up activated from that and then the necklace of Horus was later sealed up in some monument in a lock box due to it covered with poison courtesy of you and too many people sensed wanting it for themselves to wear it. Also that monument has caused things happen among First Ones due to them feeling compelled towards the monument to kiss the nearest person of opposite gender which is how pairing resulted from that including later creating offspring.” 
Jinks frown hearing Ramses’ words as the Meritanian stopped talking. 
He heard Onya speak sounding annoyed “Ramses transport Horus to the volcano and make sure its safely on a lava field enough for him to stop that thing and make sure he’s dead from the thing’s volcanic lava spewing. We want him dead period.” 
Jinks felt himself get furious hearing the words as he found himself transported onto a giant boulder surrounded by lava going down while feeling the intense heat from it. 
He heard Ramses sounding irritated “Hurry up Horus and stop that volcano. The earthquakes are bothering us at the moment that it’s painful.”
He growled an annoyed sound raised a hand towards the volcano while sensing Ramses still scanning him by the headache along with sensing himself filmed. 
He shut his eyes only to jerk them open as he heard a familiar voice speaking “Elemental, what are you doing?”
Jinks felt annoyance hit him hearing Meritania’s voice he recognized mentally spoke “The plants, Meritanians, have complained of the volcano causing them pain due to the earthquakes so excuse me while I stop it due to the High Council’s orders and that they want me dead period as said by them. Hence the Meritanians transporting me here and doing anything they are ordered by the High Council.” 
He again shut his eyes as he heard nothing from Meritania only to feel familiar claws on his shoulders jerking him up from the boulder into the air which he jerked open his eyes and grabbed the familiar bird’s ankles with both hands holding the gonoid’s hold on him firmer. 
He heard Ramses’ voice speak “Ugh High Council there’s a complication to your orders. Some flying gonoid part of some species known among us to spite us with their actions grabbed Horus and yanked him before he could stop the volcano. That bird is known as Auk or something I’m not sure among the First Ones.” 
Jinks mentally yelled from recalling the bird’s actual name “That’s Karen’s Hawk!”
He heard Ramses continue as if hearing him “Oh excuse me the actual name among First Ones’ is Karen’s Hawk. Beats me on the name but it picked up after some female named Karen claimed publicity that the gonoid saved her life which the birds as dubbed for being a flying species has repeatedly saved lives of First Ones including getting them out of situations whenever we put them in it. Also that Karen’s Hawk has a mind that is First One like and they don’t like us very much and will do what it takes to spite us by saving First Ones from our jokes.” 
He felt sleepiness felt his hold on the bird loosing as the he felt himself dropped onto something and curled into a ball shutting his eyes. 

Jinks came to hearing a loud yowling noise sounding like a cat screaming in his ear. He jerked open his eyes discovering himself lying in his bed in his bedroom in the penthouse and eyed the clock finding it nine o’clock in the morning. He exhaled a breath to feel his forehead feeling nothing on it and got up heading towards the bathroom figuring he’ll shower and change his clothes. Once inside he frowned seeing only his pajama pants were on the sink counter folded instead of his regular clothes. He groaned and figured that the servants were still out sick due to realizing that James would leave folded clothing for him to wear on the counter. He examined his clothes finding that they felt ok but sensed the lava’s heat made them feel worn and not fresh. Jinks eyed the shower and stripped himself of his clothes and shoes which he entered the shower cleansing himself as well as he could then walked out to dry himself. He grimaced seeing his clothes on the floor exhaled a breath and forced himself to put them on along with the shoes. He brushed his hair and walked out of the bathroom to spot Missy sitting on the bed looking at him with some annoyed look in her eyes. He sighed and went to Missy picking her up and cradled her to him while sensing the cat sniffing him by her movements figuring out she smelled his clothes he figured stank from being in the lava field. He groaned and walked out of the bedroom frowning when he saw James wasn’t in his usual spot. He groaned and went to the dining room finding nothing on the table which he felt Missy squirm in his arms placed her down on the floor and walked to the kitchen doors knocking on them. He frowned as he heard Missy giving off loud hissing yowl sounds he recognized saying that her food and drink were poisoned. He exhaled a breath went to her food bowls picking them up and carried them inside the kitchen putting them on the counter to eye the stove seeing a pot and hearing noises coming from it. He went to the stove he figured it was and peered at the pot to see liquid inside that made him think it was water from the looks of it boiling away. He eyed the stove seeing it didn’t look like any stove he’s seen before and sigh going to the cupboards across the stove to peer inside thinking that he’ll find something to eat and give Missy some food. 
He heard the kitchen doors banging spoke “Missy complaining of poison in her food and where do you find food around here?”
Jinks heard silence as his answer but felt paralysis that made him collapse to the floor which he fell onto his back to see a High Council member appear in his eyes sight his senses blare telling him it was Ajax who he saw kneeled and raised his right arm into view pulling down the black covered sleeve. Jinks could only watch as Ajax’s other hand showed a gun device in hand which he saw put on his wrist rubbing the firing end. He heard a beep noise and felt nothing as he saw part of the gun appear to fire with a familiar sound that told him was a syringe weapon. He could only stare as Ajax pulled away the gun and dropped his arm before standing up which he felt paralysis stop followed by his son disappearing in a flash of light. 
Jinks heard a familiar voice speaking in his mind in a compelling tone “Don’t move elemental. Stay still.”
He recognized the voice as Meritania felt himself compelled to lie still while feeling a choking feeling arriving to his neck along with feeling his breathing become harder and harder. He heard a sound that sounded familiar along with a stinging sensation of teeth biting him on the right arm where Ajax injected him with the syringe gun. Jinks again heard Meritania’s voice compel order him to stay still as the lights above abruptly turned off showing sunlight shining through the window as he sensed something wrong within him along with his senses blaring something else was going on. He frowned to feel the choking sensation stop along with the breathing stop being labored. Jinks again heard Meritania’s voice compel order him to lie still which he found himself obeying to feel sleepiness shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

He dreamed of facing Lance who looked annoyed. 
He stared at Lance who spoke sounding annoyed “That twit son of yours was raised with too much input from the High Council over the years hence his loyalty to them despite them ordering bad things to you. The High Council hasn’t bothered to give Ajax input on how to raise Jixi and that your son hasn’t bothered to influence his own offspring on being loyal to the High Council despite the attachment his child is having towards him.”
He spoke as Lance paused “Does this influence explain why Ajax would poison me to death?”
He frowned as Lance’s human eyes turned all black followed by his father speaking “Ajax in question was just obeying High Council orders and that Highlander servants of the group attempted to rig a blackout to hit your home just so that sensors won’t detect you sick from the poison. Those servants in question thought their rigging worked by communications on them cut off and certain lights going off. Too bad they forgot about certain people can see in the dark which there’s hidden witnesses that saw them do the job and attended to them immediately.”
He frowned as his father gave up a harrumph sound before Lance added “Oh I should tell you something about Meritania. He has some linking sense aimed at you that tells him things about you. He attended to the poisoning by having some venomous gonoid that lives in the building hidden in the walls come out and stings you to kill off the poison. I should add that your immune to that gonoid’s poison due to being injected with it years ago by some female assassin named Margo which you survived the poisoning but developed an immunity to it.”
He stiffened hearing Lance’s words as a memory of what he said came to his mind as his father kept talking “A pity Ajax isn’t very smart when it comes to thinking things through and that involves the High Council and their orders. I should tell you that the High Council focused too much on physical work for Ajax to do instead of thinking situations and how to get out of them. A pity that there were sensors in your home that detected Ajax arriving and along with your life signs detected going downhill which your servants assumed that he did something to you again.”
He spoke as Lance paused “What do they have in mind for punishing Ajax?”
Lance spoke “You’ll know soon enough.” 
He opened his mouth and felt his eyes forced shut woke up lying in bed he felt was his bed in the bedroom and sensed himself wearing nothing but pajama pants while feeling himself irritated. He jerked open his eyes sitting up abruptly while looking around the room to find nothing amiss which he got up and darted out of bed running into the bathroom. 

Jinks walked out with a frown on his face hearing Meritania’s voice urging him to sleep and that he needed the rest. He sighed and went to the bed finding the time saying seven o’clock in the evening as night vision flared in his eyes sight. He heard a meow sound coming from the bed which he looked to see Missy tummy sitting in her cat bed looking at him with a look that suggested worry to him. Jinks got into bed and yanked the blankets up to his chest followed by feeling Missy walking on the bed which he sensed she was going towards him followed by pressure felt on his stomach along with a rumbling vibration felt which he sensed that the cat was sitting on him purring. He sighed again allowed Missy’s purring to put him to sleep sensing it was what she was doing sitting on him. He shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a ringing noise sounding loudly which he felt a fist connect with his stomach jerked his eyes open to discover himself restrained by Hawk head guards and Anubis retreating a fisted hand and backing away to turn sideways showing the High Council seated on dais in his view. Jinks felt annoyance hit him as the Hawk head guards’ claws tightened their hold on his arms feeling them become ironclad. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “So you survived the poisoning according to our tests.”
He heard the sarcasm in Shad’s voice formed a thin line with his mouth fisting his hands to glare at the High Council as Onya spoke “What’s interesting is none of our poisons no matter how lethal they were injected in you were enough to put you out for good according to our tests done on you while you were out asleep by the Meritanians.”
He kept his mouth shut as Onya kept talking “We ordered an internal test to be done on you to determine why your survived the poisoning when it’s obvious none of our poisons were putting you down. Found something very interesting to answer some questions we’ve been asking about you and not getting answers. You care to know what we found, Horus.”
Jinks narrowed his eyes keeping his mouth shut as Shad spoke “We found that your three species in one body which we’re aware is Highlander and First One. The third species we know from our records goes by this name of Mesan’s Curse and their said to be deathless and not easily put down by anything such as poison no matter how lethal it is to manoids. It explains why you seem to keep on living despite our attempts to put you down along with a no aging look on your First One form.” 
He heard Onya speak as Shad became silent “There is a way of killing a Mesan’s Curse according to our tests on one in our possession cycles ago which is by sword thrust through the stomach area and then removed causing a hole in the organ which the stomach’s lethal poison contents to leak out into the body’s systems and kill off the organs shutting down the body and then later putting the body to death.”
He steeled himself to feel himself getting stiffening as Onya continued “The sword procedure was done on you and we’re still awaiting results due to you being up and awake and that the stomach’s poison takes awhile to travel through the body to put the person to death.”
He stiffened hearing Onya’s words as she became silent while sensing nothing painful within him and felt nothing within his body to suggest what she said. 
He frowned as Shad spoke “Meritanians transport Horus to a cell as designated for him now.” 
He saw the scene changed to show a round room with a mattress on the floor while sensing himself filmed and looked up to stare at the lights to see that they were dangling from a ceiling that looked glass to him which he figured that Highlander servants were spying on him at the moment. He brought a hand to his stomach to feel a thick short scar line on the area sensing it was a sword that made the marking. Jinks went to the mattress and sat down feeling himself sleepy laid his form down shutting his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

He dreamed of Lance who had an all black eyed glare and felt his throat gagged by his father’s hand. 
Lance spoke “You did it again while knocked out asleep.”
He gagged out “How long was I out asleep?”
He heard from Lance “Just three days from the Meritanians on Meritania’s orders had you asleep which you did it again. You had the Builders order Ajax and his son transported from the High Council. You got the Builders to drug your son to fight an Amula in a caged fight which your son barely survived that due to that his opponent took pity on him and knocked him out unconscious. Ajax at the moment is going through drug withdrawal again with Jixi present to help him. The Meritanians at the moment haven’t said anything about you being behind this stunt due to Meritania ordering them to keep their mouths shut.” 
He gagged out a groan as Lance continued talking “Oh Meritania seems amused by this stunt you pulled for he contacted me asking me questions about this ability and I told him everything that happened when you were out in those sleeps of yours. He finds it funny from the way he sounded after we finished our talk. Hmph also you’re currently in your home asleep after being transported by the Meritanians when some Highlander tried to cut your throat but that servant wound up stabbing another servant as if compelled and then the plants transported you out on Meritania’s orders. The Meritanians have balked the High Council’s orders of transporting you to them due to Meritania’s orders of not transporting you to the group and they have used the excuse of saying they want you alive period to live to play more jokes on.”
He opened his mouth felt his eyes forced shut and felt himself passing out unconscious.

Jinks woke up hearing a ringing noise followed by a feeling of a fist connecting with his stomach which he jerked open his eyes to discover himself restrained by the Hawk head guards and Anubis in front of him removing a hand fisted from him. He felt annoyance hitting him glared at the High Council behind Anubis as the gonoid head warrior turned sideways. 
He eyed the High Council as Shad spoke “So you survived the sword injection. Appears your stomach contents weren’t lethal for killing you internally. Also appears that your body healed itself up of the sword cut. Interesting but there’s another matter that must be attended to.” 
He formed a thin line with his mouth as Onya spoke “There’s a volcano erupting we like you-“
He blinked his eyes to discover himself standing in his bedroom figuring out that a Builder ordered the Meritanians to transport him. He exhaled a breath and went into the bathroom after glimpsing the clock seeing it was morning which he figured that he’ll shower. 

Jinks came out of the bathroom rubbing his head of confusion while dressed in clothes and shoes exchanged from the pajama pants. He frowned figuring out that he was assigned a new butler from finding the clothes hanging on the hanger on the back of the bathroom door’s hook. Jinks exhaled a breath went to the bedroom doors and yanked them open to see a male Human wearing a butler’s uniform that formed disgust on his face seeing him. 
He spoke “You got a name?”
He stared at the butler who instead of answering his question faded from view which he found that rude and went to the dining room to find a tray filled with dishware holding food which he felt himself hungry ate everything on the plate along with gulping down the drinks. He went to the kitchen doors and knocked on them to see it partly open to show a female Human that didn’t look happy to see him. 
He spoke “Hello-“
He was interrupted by her slamming the door in its place and frowned wondering what was with her attitude. 
Jinks exhaled a breath heard from Lance “Go practice karate. You need the exercise.” 
He obeyed leaving the dining room to go to the gym room which once inside he went into his Kata and ended with a bow towards a wall holding Karate belts which he stiffened as he sensed a presence behind him ducked turning around to see a male Human wearing army combat clothes that swung fists, and legs at him in karate like moves which he found himself blocking using self defense. He felt himself sleepy shook his head as the male knocked him off his feet followed by kicking him in the head till he fell unconscious. 

Jinks woke up hearing a familiar ringing noise followed by a feeling of a fist connecting with his stomach. He jerked open his eyes with annoyance finding himself restrained again while in the High Council’s throne room. He felt a weakness feeling hitting him frowned wondering what was causing it. 
He heard Shad speak “As I was saying before the rude interruption, there’s a volcano that is erupting we would like you to stop and we insist that you do it.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath as he heard Meritania’s voice sounding in his mind “Do what they insist.” 
He heard an edge in the male’s voice tone as his senses blared warning which confused him as he found himself standing on a cooling lava field with a volcano in sight far away from him. He sensed himself filmed sighed and shut his eyes raising his right hand mentally ordering the volcano to cease eruption. He felt his order obeyed sighed and opened his eyes lowering his hands only to feel a fainting feeling hitting him which he shook his head and then fell towards the ground feeling himself sleepy as he fell unconscious. 

Jinks heard a male voice speak “At least I won’t have to serve you as your butler.” 
He frowned as sensed the voice belonged to his new butler as he heard an alarm blaring noises followed by a yowling sound of Missy. He jerked open his eyes to lurch up in a sitting position to find himself back in his bedroom wearing nothing but his underwear shorts while lying on top of his bed. He heard meow sounds sounding like Missy was lecturing him again which he saw her sitting on his dresser next to the alarm clock. 
Jinks felt his mood foul yelled “Shut up your meowing!” 
He glared at Missy that kept on meowing like she didn’t hear him. He got up from the bed and stormed into the bathroom attending to shower and put on clothes which he did. He walked out of the bathroom and halted as a memory of a butler before James took the position flashed in his mind. He stiffened as he realized with a start that the new servants weren’t interested in serving him but only took the job for money due to recalling one of the previous servants mentioning getting money to live comfortably once their servitude was finished. He exhaled a breath finding his mood fouler went to the bedroom doors and swung them open to see the familiar butler was there with a disgusted expression on the male’s face. Jinks willed the Master through to see the butler’s eyes narrow not appearing to be surprised by the eye color change. He spoke echoing the butler’s words in a questioning tone to see a glare on the man’s face as the male faded from view instead of answering his question. 
He spoke out loud “I have servants more interested in getting money than serving me harrumph.” 
He went to the dining room finding nourishment ready for him whom he ate and drank in a fast motion then once done storm to the kitchen doors slamming them open and walked inside the kitchen. Jinks saw the butler there with a smirk on his face along with the human female he saw who was frowning and a male human wearing a cook uniform showing no emotion on his face with arms folded.
Jinks spoke “I expect you to serve me with loyalty and that’s what I expect from you from now on.” 
He gave the three a glare noticing the butler’s smirk was off his face as the expressions of the male wearing the cook’s uniform remained the same as the female servant. He stormed out of the kitchen heading towards the gym room and slammed the doors open. He charged towards the punching bag giving it all he got with karate finding himself needing to calm down from his foul mood. He found himself still foul as he left the punching bag and did his familiar Kata followed by kneeling back to the doors to mediate. He found his mediation seemed to help his mood as he sensed a presence behind him with his senses blaring warning. Jinks jerked open his eyes to discover himself standing while holding the butler’s right hand holding a hand gun and having his right hand on the male’s neck holding him up dangling his feet and heard choking noises sounding from the man. He growled an annoyed sound to force the butler’s hand to drop the gun then threw the male behind him hearing a grunt sound which he turned around to see the man fade from view and heard an annoyed yowling sound behind him. Jinks spun around to spot the butler lying on the floor with a cat tail peeking out of his legs around the ankles showing that he tripped over Missy. He fisted his right hand and darted forwards bringing it against the butler’s head hard and watched as the male’s form went still sensing the man had fallen unconscious. He lifted up the butler’s legs freeing Missy then dropped them which he grabbed the gun by the firing end then grabbed the male by the back of the neck and dragged him to the elevator dumping him inside along with putting the gun on top of his back. 
Jinks spoke to the guard inside the elevator “See that this fool is told that he’s fired for attempting to shoot me and that he doesn’t get any money for this stunt period once he wakes.” 
He walked out to stand in the living room and heard the guard speak behind him “Your butler was ordered to tell you to go someplace and escort you there. I’ll see that he’s told of what you said once he wakes.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust walked into the elevator and waiting with arms folded as he felt the thing move going up with noises. He heard a loud groan looked down to see the butler was shaking his head which he unfolded his arms and fisted a hand bringing it down onto the back of the male’s head and sensed it knocking the man out unconscious. 
Jinks straightened up his form as the elevator stopped which he heard the guard speak “The open doors are where you’re to go in the hallway.” 
He bobbed his head and walked out finding the hallway familiar which he eyed the doors walking through the hallway going to his left to find another hallway with a set of doors open which he went to them and walked inside the room to find it had people at consoles along with a round table highlighted by a spotlight showing a hologram of Australia Atoll. Jinks frowned hearing a throat clearing noise sounding loudly as he heard the doors shut behind him. 
He stood looking around the room as a male with blonde hair wearing a suit walked up to him speaking “Good you’re here as requested. Just want to show you the latest stunt the High Council pulled this time and our response to that while you were out unconscious.” 
He felt his mood become foul hearing the male’s words who added loudly “Play the transmission.” 
He watched as the hologram of Australia Atoll disappeared followed by an image of the High Council seated without their speakers Shad and Onya in sight. 
He watched listening as a male voice sounding Highlander like spoke “I must regret to inform you that the Emperor has passed away from insisting on viewing a volcano and saying that he’ll be fine without wearing oxygen equipment on to avoid breathing the eruption’s poisonous gas.”
Jinks stiffened to see the scene changed to show the back of himself falling to the ground with form still followed by Highlanders darting into view wearing oxygen masks to put hands on him turning him sideways and one of them appearing to feel for a pulse and shaking his head in a no gesture. 
He felt annoyance hit him as the scene changed to show outside the building at the entrance showing a human male speaking in front of the microphone saying “The High Council lied about the Emperor passing away. They said it due to trying to shred his reputation and kill him. The High Council has made it clear that they want the Emperor dead and will say anything and do anything to get him dead including people believing the lie.” 
He frowned as he heard gasps sounds to see the male turned sideways gesturing behind him to see himself wearing clothes while lying on a rolling stretcher bed pushed out to halt next to the male and he watched as a male shook him self’s shoulder which he saw himself roll over from lying on his back to his side still staying asleep. Jinks felt his mood become fouler as the scene stopped to flash back to the hologram of Australia Atoll. 
He heard the male next to him speak “After the High Council’s broadcast one of our leaders had an angry rant insisting on destroying the Meritanians saying that the High Council will be helpless without the plants and easily taken down. Nevertheless the leader in question calmed down enough to order the Meritanians to transport you to your home for medical care which we discovered that you’re appearing to faint state wasn’t from poisonous gas but from something else suggesting someone used you to kick and punch with. You were out unconscious for four days as medically ordered by the doctor which your butler was ordered to wake you up at the fifth day. By the way we caught the scene of the butler pulling out a hand gun from his jacket pocket and pointing it at you while you were kneeling in your gym room. Experts recognized the gun as a projectile weapon.”
He gave up a sound of disgust as the male continued talking “Rest assured that the butler will be taken care of permanently and a replacement will be assigned as soon as possible with assurance of being loyal to you as you requested to your servants.”
He nodded his head and then spoke recalling James and the other servants “What happened to the current servants’ predecessors? Perhaps I could have them back serving me.” 
He heard a throat clearing noise sounding within the room as the male he eyed appeared to frown and the man spoke “I’m afraid that won’t be possible. Those servants’ medical conditions prove to be very serious by the hospital who reports that they have some permanent injuries that have made them unavailable to serve as your servants.” 
Jinks heard the edge in the male’s voice tone turned his head towards him to see the man appear to gulp by the throat movements along with some nervous look on the face. 
He spoke “How serious is the injuries?”
He stared at the male who spoke voice wavering “Just enough to prevent them from doing their duties as your servants.” 
Jinks again heard the edge in the male’s voice tone as his senses blare warning telling him that the man was hiding something and wasn’t telling him fully on what he wanted to know. 
He folded his arms and twisted his form towards the male while narrowing his eyes as he spoke “whose idea was it to hire that fool who tried to shoot me as my butler?” 
He glared at the male who spoke with nervousness in his voice “That was based on qualifications that person provided along with background checks which he passed.”
Jinks again heard the edge in the male’s voice tone figured that something was left unsaid and that the man was again hiding something from him. 
He spoke “State the name of that fool.” 
He glared at the male who spoke “Sorry I don’t have that knowledge at the moment and that his identity was kept private from people here.” 
His senses blared telling him it was a lie as he saw the male appear to look more nervous by the facial expression and eyes showing fear in them. 
Jinks spoke “I don’t find it amusing being kept in the dark about things such as the servants’ medical conditions and that fool’s identity now talk. You’re hiding information from me and I expect to be told of it fully.” 
He glared at the male who spoke with fear in his voice “Sorry I have my orders.” 
His senses told him it was a lie spoke “You’re lying. Now tell me what I want to know period.”
He heard the doors bang open followed by stinging pain in his arm with sleepiness felt to see the male look relieved followed by the man speaking “About time you got here. Just put him on his bed in his home once he falls unconscious for him to sleep it off.”
Jinks growled an angry sound as the sleepiness persisted followed by feeling hands grabbing his arms holding him up as he surrendered to the sleepy feeling passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a child’s voice speaking loudly saying “Daddy!”
He jerked opened his eyes feeling the headache of his mind scanned as the voice again spoke “Daddy!”
He stiffened lurching up from lying on his bed to sit up looking around the room finding nothing to indicate the child speaker as the headache stopped. He felt irritated got up from the bed and went into the bathroom sensing what he was supposed to do. 

Jinks came out of the bathroom to glare at the bedroom doors with distaste running through him. He eyed the clock to see the time was eleven o’clock an hour before lunchtime of noon. Jinks went to a chair and sat leaning back in it with arms folded recalling what happened before he was darted unconscious. 
He felt annoyance hitting him as he mentally thought “I’m sick and tired of being kept from knowing things around here especially what’s going on with the outside world. I don’t care if I have blow ups of anger from reacting to the news. I deserved to know what’s said about me and going on with the people in my life along with the outside world. I had it with being isolated. It’s the pits.” 
He heard nothing from Lance to indicate his father heard him. 
He again ranted “Just for once I would like it if people would share things with me on what’s going on around here and the outside world. This forced isolation is ticking me off along with keeping me in the dark on learning things harrumph.” 
He continued to stew feeling his mood fouler as he kept sitting in the chair with arms folded feeling himself furiously angry. Jinks got up from the chair and began to pace back and forth with head bowed eyes glaring at the floor. 
He ranted “Oh why must people hide things from me? Don’t tell me that’s from me having blow ups of anger. I would rather blow up than be kept in the dark.” 
He again heard nothing from Lance mentally yelled “Father what’s going on around here and the outside world?!”
He heard an irritated comment “Busy don’t disturb.”
Jinks growled an angry sound fisting his hands while keeping his arms folded as he figured that Lance was again saying that the Meritanians were scanning his mind and didn’t want them to know what’s going on with Jinks himself. He felt himself getting angrier halted his pacing unfolding his arms to bring a fist into the chair seeing it tip backwards sliding on the floor before landing on its back with a thump noise. He thrust a fist in the air towards the ceiling while looking at the wall above him and waved the hand. He growled an angry sound and stormed towards the doors uncurling his hands from fists to yank open the doors which he stared in the hallway to find no one in sight but Missy crouched on the floor who gave up a meow sound without a hint of her emotion in her voice tone. He stormed into the hallway and walked passed Missy ignoring her and went to the gym room finding the doors still open which he darted inside and hit the punching bag with every ounce of strength he had within him feeling his mood still foul. He attacked the punching bag using karate movements finding his mood slow to go away as he continued to attack it. 
Jinks felt a headache of his mind scanned followed by Ramses’ voice using annoyance in the tone speaking “No I’m not transporting Horus to you, not when he’s in a bad mood which could make his mood worse and turn into a rage episode so no I’m not doing that.” 
He halted his attacking the punching bag to growl an angry sound while feeling his mind still scanned as Ramses continued speaking “Sorry that angry mood was from accusing one of his minions of hiding something from him due to that the minion refused to tell him everything he wanted to know such as what happened to servants hit by Tee Dees and identity of a servant that tried to shoot him with a weapon.” 
He felt disgust hit him gave up a sound of that emotion went in the middle of the room and did a karate fight pose as Ramses spoke again “Sorry no Horus had nothing to do with that stunt the Hammer pulled on counterattacking your aired broadcast. We kept him asleep when that stunt was pulled and kept him in that state till it was apparent that he needed to wake up which he woke up in a bad mood. He had nothing to do with that due to it was an idea of a Builder who was detected thinking it up and refused to back down from our heard threats of transporting him to King Winter’s Kingdom if he went through it. Unfortunately some Highlander scanned that Builder’s mind and put that idea in action after we transported the Builder to King Winter’s Kingdom which another Builder made us return him back to his home but we knocked out unconscious the Builder that thought of that idea and kept him asleep for awhile thinking it would prevent him from doing that idea.”
He made himself do the motions of his Kata as Ramses paused then continued talking “Ugh how were we supposed to know that some Highlander would do that idea despite being loyal to you? That Highlander in question from scans before the person yelled at us to get out seemed to be Builder influenced from the way things was found in his mind.” 
Jinks continued his Kata as Ramses pause which he sensed his mind still scanned finished his karate with a fist punching the air in front of him instead of his normal bow. He folded his arms to turn around towards the open doorway to see Missy crouching in the hallway staring at him with a narrowed look in her eyes that made him think she was annoyed. He heard her give off a yowl loudly just as a flash of light was detected off the corners of his eyes on his right and he twisted to glare at he saw was Barry looking annoyed by the expression on the Builder’s face as he sensed his mind stopped scanned. 
Jinks spoke sounding sarcastic “What garbage did the High Council tell you to tell me this time?”
Jinks saw Barry’s expression turn more glaring as the Builder spoke “What I tell you isn’t garbage but advice on helping your life and things around that you should know.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust finding himself no longer angry but annoyed as Barry continued talking “Oh the High Council sent me to gauge your mood for Ramses to transport you to them harrumph. I say that you’re in no mood for conversing with them but they’ll insist on having you transported anyway. The High Council will order that once I return which I hear Ramses telling me that their asking for my presence.”
He watched as Barry disappeared in a flash of light which he marched out of the gym room walking in the hallway towards his bedroom figuring that he might as well sit and wait for the High Council to go through with the transporting order. He reached his open bedroom doors to find the scene changed to show the High Council’s throne room and again felt his arms grabbed and restrained by familiar clawed hands pining them to the sides. He eyed Barry standing off to the side not looking happy by the expression on the Builder’s face as he shift his eyes towards the High Council behind their speakers. 
He heard Shad speak “So what should we do about you since you’re hard to assassinate?”
He heard the sarcasm in Shad’s voice tone as Onya spoke “Perhaps we should have you sent to Marinara crater and have the restless natives there have you as theirs just to get you out of our plans we aim to see come to fruition.”
He heard Barry speak “I would advise against that due to that Horus is rigged with signal devices which those restless natives will find implanted in him. I doubt that they’ll be able to shut them off which would broadcast their home to the others on Shadan making their existence known which is something they wish to avoid.” 
He heard from both speakers “Argh!”
Jinks frowned mouth forming a thin line as the speakers bowed their heads followed by the High Council behind doing hand gestures and head wagging that seemed lengthy followed by the speakers both raising their heads. 
He fisted his hands glaring at the High Council as Shad spoke “You have a better idea, Barry? It better be good and worth our time.”
Jinks heard Barry speak “Just put him in some specialized life tube for him to live the rest of his life asleep and out of your way. I don’t think doing this will affect the Shadonia due to them having a link with him. Besides he was in a life tube before serving a sentence for doing some criminal act which you should have said something about keeping him in the tube instead of letting him out of it when his time was up in that thing. At least the fuss related to him would have been avoided and your plans come to fruition without any problems.” 
He again heard the speakers say “Argh!” 
He frowned as Shad spoke “What’s to keep this group the Hammer from insisting that Horus be kept out of the tube once they hear of this? They’ll do anything to spite us including using Horus as a way of doing that.”
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth as he heard Barry speak “Simply put them off by doing some of the things they want done and that should get them to back off on having them protest to Horus put in a life tube.”
He turned his attention towards Barry who he saw was focused on the High Council with his head position aimed at them. 
He heard Onya speak “What kind of things do you think the Hammer would insist we do?”
He spoke as some thought came to his mind “Just back off on people insulting you publicity by not doing anything to them. I suspect that is why the Builders declared war on you due to you being responsible for people’s assassinations because of them doing that insulting in public.” 
He clamped his mouth shut to stare at Barry who shifted to look at him which the Builder spoke “I agree with what Horus said. I believe he’s correct on the reason why the Builders declared war on you. I’m a Builder myself and I know how they think. I’m pretty sure that they got fed up with you assassinating off people said to insult you in public decided to declare war as a result of you getting away with the assassinations and not being punished for that.” 
He formed a thin line with his mouth as he heard Lance’s voice sounding in his mind “The High Council doesn’t know what their thinking agreeing to that idea of Barry’s. I know you too well that they’ll wound up with problems once you’re asleep causing havoc.”
Jinks heard nothing more from Lance as he shifted his attention towards the High Council to hear Shad speak “Fine what you have in mind for us to do to counterattack people’s insults in public, Barry?”
He heard Barry speak “Simply broadcast messages to the public that the insult is rude and not tolerated along with counterattacking whatever lie they said with some comment about it. Also keep doing the broadcasting till the restless natives get the message that you do not like their insults and will cease doing it. Also this new attitude of handling insults should get the Builders to cease having their war attitude towards you when it obvious that your not going to assassinate the person due to retaliating by humiliating the insulter with something embarrassing about them and proving it with proof to shred their reputation as a lesson for the insult. Your Highlanders and mind walkers. It should be easy for you to scan the insulter’s mind and find something humiliating they wish to keep quiet along with proof of it. You also have the Meritanians in your employ that should help you find ways of getting information just to humiliate the insulter for the rude insults. Just try that and it should get the Hammer to back off on Horus.” 
He again heard the speakers speak in unison “Argh!”
Jinks exhaled a breath though his mouth as he heard Shad speak “Oh put Horus to sleep will you, Ramses? We’ll proceed with the life tube idea along with your suggestions Barry. They better be worth our time and worth all this trouble just to get Horus out of our way for our plans to come to fruition.” 
He felt sleepiness shook his head as the feeling took control and he felt himself sagging in the Hawk head guard’s hands as the feeling persisted taking over and he shut his eyes finding himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who had an all black eyed glare which he felt his father’s hand on his throat gagging him. 
Jinks gagged out “How long was I out asleep while doing that thing you’re annoyed about?”
He heard a harrumph from Lance as his father spoke “You spent two Human months while in that specialize tube asleep just to keep your karate ability intact. Also you did it again causing all sorts of trouble for the High Council while they were doing Barry’s suggestions. It took them awhile to figure out that you were behind all these jokes done on them. Also they figured out an explanation to this ghost fluttering your doing which they think is from killing off your original body and me putting you in my body that gave you the ability to do that.”
He groaned while gagged as Lance continued to speak “I told them through Ajax when they confronted me on that it wasn’t the first time you pulled this stunt and that you have pulled it before along with not being communicable to prevent you from doing those jokes of yours. The High Council managed to figure out from observing things manipulated by you that you have no remorse when it comes to doing those stunts which includes hurting people and seemed to enjoy doing the jokes along with the hurting. They tried to tolerate it for awhile till they couldn’t stand it anymore and yanked you out. You’re currently in one of their observation rooms with them watching and waiting for you to wake up from the noises their making and to observe whether your karate ability remained intact too. Just don’t expect things to be the same as before you went to sleep in that tube.” 
He frowned as Lance forced his eyes shut which he came to hearing a loud ringing noise jerked open his eyes lurching up in a sitting position to find himself sitting in a bed in a familiar circular room as the noise stopped. He placed hands on himself to feel himself wearing different clothes as before and that they felt familiar which he looked to see that they were an all white long sleeve tunic like top and loose all white pants along with all white slipper like shoes on his feet. He exhaled a breath to hear his stomach rumbled as he smelled food which he looked to spot a table and a chair near the wall holding a tray with dishware on it which he got up and went to it to sit and found himself ravenous gobbled up all of the food along with gulping down the drink. He exhaled a breath once finished to stand up and went to a bare area in the room to sit down doing his stretching exercises finding no complaints from his body and swung himself up finding himself doing it perfectly which he began doing his familiar Kata finding nothing amiss with it. He finished with a fist punch in the air to fold his arms staring at an outline in the wall he assumed was a door which slid open showing a High Council member walking into the room. His senses blare telling him it was Ajax who waved a gloved hand towards him. He felt nothing amiss within him to see Ajax again waved a hand towards him which he figured that his son was trying something on him. He frowned as the scene changed to show a jungle while feeling himself filmed followed by Tee Dees coming out of the bushes. Jinks recalled being shown his time with the Tee Dees while suffering a rage episode thrust his fist to the ground while kneeling and saw the Tee Dees kept coming towards him which he stood up and grimaced stiffening as the scene changed to show the lobby of his home building which he heard a guard urge him to go outside the front entrance immediately. Jinks obeyed to hear the crowd gasp while seeing that they were news affiliates and other people gathered in a semi circle with a Human male sideways in front of them speaking by microphone. 
He heard the male say noticing him “See he’s fine and alive and returned from his retreat.” 
Jinks’ senses blared warning telling him that there was something else said which he noticed golden bullets heading towards him from his head height to his feet height which he darted behind a guard and heard cracking of glass sounds followed by gun cocking noises. He darted inside past a cracked wall of glass and heard banging sounds as the sunlight behind him went dark. He heard a harrumph behind him looked to see the Human male speaker was there flaring golden eyes. 
Jinks spoke “What’s going on while I was out asleep?”
He stared at the male he assumed was a Builder who spoke “It’s not suitable for telling you here. I’ll tell you someplace else.” 
He frowned as he heard an edge in the male’s voice as the Builder faded from view and heard a throat clearing noise besides him which he looked to see a Highlander guard besides him that jabbed a finger towards the elevators with a glare on the male’s face. Jinks exhaled a breath went to the elevator as pointed by a guard and spoke the command for penthouse once inside which he felt the elevator move going up that stopped with a jerk. Jinks walked out to see a Human male with black hair wearing a butler’s uniform that flashed golden eyes with some look on his face like he was expecting him. 
Jinks frowned as the male spoke “The name is Bill, sir and I’m your butler.” 
He nodded his head and heard an excited meow sound and felt pressure on his legs which he looked down to see Missy rubbing herself on him. He bent down and picked her up which she rubbed her face on his face before giving off a mew sound sounding content. He sighed feeling himself happy to be back and having Missy back in his life which he walked away sensing the butler following him. 
Jinks paused from walking to speak “What time is it?”
He frowned as he got the time of nine o’clock along with a question of any orders. 
He spoke “Dismissed Bill.” 
He walked down the hallway sensing the butler left him while carrying a purring Missy in his arms. He carried her into his bedroom which he placed her down on the floor and rubbed her back then turned to shut the doors. He went into the bathroom to look around finding clothes folded on the sink counter along with shoes that looked like sneakers to him but seemed fancy looking. He sighed and stripped himself of the white clothing and shoes then got into the shower feeling himself happy having the water on him which he cleaned himself very well as he could with soap and shampoo. Jinks sighed getting out to dry himself with a towel then went to the clothes to examine them seeing that they were the same as before but noticed a bullet proof vest included which he put on his form. He thought to himself wondering if the shooting aimed at him had anything to do with the High Council. 
He got a communication from Lance saying “Go to sleep I want to talk to you face to face.” 
He brushed his hair then walked out heading towards a chair and sat leaning back shutting his eyes. 
He dreamed of facing Lance who spoke “The High Council according to the Meritanians didn’t do what Barry suggested instead aired broadcasts of you being dead repeatedly over and over.” 
He growled hearing that feeling angry only to feeling Lance’s hands on his chest and forehead keeping him calm as his father continued talking “Your allies counterattacked saying that the High Council poisoned you too many times from assassins getting into your home with the help of the Meritanians left you feeling like needing a place to go and hide and recover. They also said that you hid yourself with help of people with rumor said to be on some private island you own that was located nearby Drainer Island. I should tell you that the Drainers kept people from visiting that island by threatening to drain them to death which people figured that they were protecting you while you recovered on that island.”
He frowned feeling himself calm as Lance paused to give his chest a rub followed by adding “Also the High Council did part of what Barry suggested but had their Highlander servants blackmail people in doing things for them including those that were caught recorded firing their guns aimed at you while you were out presenting yourself to the public.” 
He spoke as Lance paused recalling something “What’s going on with Ajax? He was appearing to trying some power ability on me and it didn’t work at all. What’s up with that?”
He frowned hearing Lance snicker seeing his father had a smirk look on his face. 
Jinks felt himself annoyed as Lance spoke sounding happy “Hah, hah, the High Council fell for Meritania’s idea which was spoken through Barry by having you put in some specialized tube asleep. That sleeping tube thing made you according to Meritania immune to anyone using similar power abilities on you hence Ajax failing to manipulate you with his powers.” 
Jinks felt annoyance stop as he recalled Meritania insisting on stopping a volcano as ordered by the High Council spoke “Why did Meritania back up the High Council’s order to stop a volcano?”
Jinks grabbed Lance’s wrist before his father could force his eyes shut keeping him from doing it seeing his face turn into a glare. 
He heard Ramses’ voice speaking off his right “Actually Horus, servants of the High Council blabbed of a male Highlander with a hidden state ability and using Karen’s Hawk to travel around which those gonoids are known to be only friendly with First Ones and appear to hate Highlanders. The High Council ordered this Highlander captured which servants haven’t have any luck on doing it till they recently got a hold of him to find out his given name was Meritania before he escaped and hasn’t been sighted since the time you woke up. The High Council figured from historical records that he’s the one we plants were referring as a planet ordering us to do things due to that Shadan was originally called Meritania according to them before the Shadonia started living here as their home world. Also the High Council figured out from descriptions of Meritania that he’s one of the first Highlander species prototypes created by Edenia in an attempt to create the Highlander species judging by him having Shadonian eyes instead of eyes of a First One.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Ramses’ words as he felt Lance shake his wrist hold and forced his eyes shut which he woke up still in his bedroom sitting in a chair to feel Missy rubbing her face on his chin while sensing her purring. 
He shifted his eyes to stare at the cat and felt his mind scanned to again hear Ramses’ voice sounding in his mind “Oh one more thing, Horus, Meritania ordering you to stop the volcano was from being captured in trap by High Council servants who figured out his name and purpose and threatened him bodily harm if he didn’t order you to stop the volcano. Meritania managed to get out of the trap by the help of multiple furballs appearing on the scene which freaked out the Highlanders enough to escape from them and he hasn’t been seen since. Its been figured out that he’s using some hidden state ability to keep himself hidden from the servants detecting that in his mind when they scanned him after he was captured. Also the High Council has already repeatedly ordered us to transport Meritania to them but we haven’t been able to do it due to abruptly detecting a Builder voice ordering us to not to do that which we keep reminding them of that.”
He frowned as he heard Ramses add “Oh just telling Horus what’s going on that’s all. He deserves to know due to that he’s out of touch with things going on around here. Oh fine I’ll shut up then, talk to you later, Horus.” 
He felt the headache stop as he sensed Missy leaned herself against his chest and felt the top of her head rubbing the bottom of his chin which he figured that the cat missed him terribly and was happy to see him back by her behavior. He reached out a hand and rubbed her back feeling purring vibrations while hearing her give off mewing sounds sounding happy. He felt the purring vibration stop followed by her giving off a yowl sounding angry which he felt her get off his lap and sensed her go underneath his chair as a light flashed off his right. Jinks looked to see Barry sit down in the chair next to him before twisting his form to face him.
He stared at Barry who spoke “Alright additional information as requested from overhearing the Meritanians talking about it which I’m telling you since the High Council ordered Ramses to shut up talking.”
He frowned to stare at Barry who kept talking “There are reports from Highlander servants that the Builders are aware of Meritania due to hacking into the High Council’s computers and seeing what the servants sent to the group to view the capture, interrogation and escape caught on recorders. Also the Meritanians have hinted from their conversing with each other which I managed to get the hint that the Builders used their voices to order the plants to transport Meritania to them which they obeyed to the order. I’m not sure what the Builders have been doing to Meritania due to sensing nothing going on with the islands in the Australia Atoll area but there have been stormy weather hitting the area that are categorized by Humans as hurricanes and the storms have put the Meritanians underwater. It was thought that Meritania was manipulating things by the High Council till the Meritanians reminded them to check planetary weather history involving the Australia Atoll area in the past to be sure of that thought. The High Council checked and discovered that the hurricanes are a normal part of the planet and normally hit Australia Atoll for a certain time period like those storms do with other parts of the planet which is currently happening at the moment repeatedly attacking a side of the mainland.” 
He frowned as Barry paused to clear his throat before adding “What I think the Builders are doing to Meritania is just having him demonstrate his work on the planet including his control over the elementals such as yourself in exchange for giving him protection from the High Council. That’s what I think their doing to him but I’m not sure of that.” 
He nodded his head as Barry paused to form a glare on his face and then the Builder added “Ramses tells me that the High Council, want my presence immediately which I have to go so I’ll talk to you later.” 
He watched as Barry got up and disappeared in a flash of light which he sighed and heard a meow sound followed by Missy getting on his lap and rubbing his chin with her face. He sighed to rub her back feeling her purring vibrations underneath his hand. Jinks heard a knocking sound on the bedroom doors followed by them opening and heard a throat clearing noise. 
He looked at the bedroom entrance to see Bill who spoke “You have a visitor in the dining room who insists on you seeing him.” 
He sighed and wrapped his arms around Missy cradling her to him and got up from the chair walking out of the room passed the butler sensing him not following which he went to the dining room to pause seeing a male, long haired blond Highlander wearing a blue business suit over a white top along with dark tinted sunglasses covering the eyes sitting at the table appearing to be reading a newspaper with some scattered around on the table. He cleared his throat figuring out that the Highlander was Meritania himself as he went to sit down at a chair and felt Missy squirm in his arms which he released his hold and settled her on his lap. He stared at Meritania who lowered the newspaper folding it in half and set it down on the table to look back at him. 
Meritania he assumed spoke sounding in the familiar cruel odd voice tone “Interesting news the periodicals are sprouting, very amusing reading them. Why aren’t you reading them yourself?”
Jinks exhaled a breath spoke “Because I would get temper tantrums blown if I came upon news said to be lies about me and stay angry for reportedly three days before calming down. Several people tried to help me with staying calm when learning those lies but their methods met failure.” 
He saw Meritania’s mouth form a smirk followed by the Highlander burst out laughing which made him annoyed to form it on his face. 
Meritania he stared at spoke sounding like laughter in his tone “That’s interesting but those tantrums don’t have anything to do with those lies do they? It’s something else setting you off which I think you should admit it and stop having that behavior due to being in denial about it.” 
He felt himself confused spoke “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” 
He stared at Meritania who spoke “Yes you do. You know what I’m talking about due to that you’re not admitting to it and is in denial about it so confess the truth.”
Jinks felt confusion turn to annoyance spoke “I said I don’t know what you’re talking about and I don’t know what your point is.”
He stared at Meritania who spoke sounding serious “Don’t deny it Jinks. It’s got something to do with your past so think of it and admit it.” 
He stiffened as he recalled a memory of himself in his own body while attending High School angry at the student body for assuming he fathered a fellow student’s child and no one believing him when he denied it. Jinks stiffened shutting his eyes as the memory continued to show that the students would in the hallway point fingers at him while appearing to be whispering to each other as he passed them after the rumor hit all over the school. He continued to remember his football teammates teased him with baby jokes that annoyed him at meetings in the hallway during class periods. He recalled called to Teacher Travis’ school classroom by the teacher himself for a private talk after school which the teacher asked him point blank about the rumor. He remembered looking at Teacher Travis in the eye and said that he didn’t father the child and mentioned that he broke up with the female student Leanna expecting the child before that happened along with saying that he never dated her due to seeing her make fun of some deaf students in the hallway as a reason for not liking her because his mother was deaf. He saw Teacher Travis’s eyes narrow with suspicion in them which he added that Principal Edwards caught him gagging Leanna on the throat in the hallway after she set him off talking about his father who is a sore subject with him and he served detention as a result. He recalls that he’s not sure how much of his conversation between Leanna and himself talking about breaking up with her that the Principal overheard before catching him gagging her. Jinks exhaled a breath recalling that Teacher Travis ordered him to go home which he did and then at home with his mother heard the doorbell ringing went to answer it to find Teacher Travis there who asked to speak with his mother which he went to get her and sat on the steps waiting to interpret the teacher’s talk to her if she didn’t understood him. He watched as his mother lip read the teacher asking about her disability as said by her son in a private conversation and confirmed that she was deaf by her speaking it and saying that Jinks was taught to treat deaf people normally. He frowned as another memory came to his mind recalling a rally for the football team just prior to competing in the championship game and Principal Edwards speaking on the microphone talking about giving Leanna detention without saying her name due to lying about who the father saying that her parents caught her and another male adjusting their clothes in her bedroom while indicating that Jinks himself wasn’t the father and that she was to admit who the father really was to him or serve detention period. He frowned remembering as a teammate Bulk went to the principal and had a private conversation with him then announced to the student body that he was the father and said that Jinks and the female student broke up before the incident of her getting expecting happened. Jinks gritted his teeth as he felt rage running through him recalling the memory running through his mind as he remembered a school day after the championship Bulk got a hero’s welcome for lying about thinking up the idea of a touchdown when it was really Jinks’ idea. He remembered himself telling some students he thought that idea actually but they didn’t believe him said he already had his time to shine and that he should share the spotlight with another student which he found his protests fell on deaf ears. Jinks recalled Bulk stopped listening to him telling him to admit he lied about the touchdown idea by the male student saying that he was jealous of the attention he was getting which annoyed him. He remembered himself fuming in anger as his teammates bragged getting scholarships to colleges and him not getting anything from colleges he submitted applications to and only UCONN accepted him as a walk in student. He fumed remembering his mother had to sell their home and most of their things for him to pay for tuition to attend college which his mom told him to become a sign language interpreter. He continued to rage to himself that the college coach refused to accept him on the football team despite him trying out and pleading with the male who told him he was useless and didn’t need him in his face after he tried out freshman year. Jinks continued to fume recalling he tried out for the team for the rest of his time at college only to see himself passed over for people who weren’t that good despite him demonstrating superior ability to play football. He snarled growling loudly from the memories in his mind fisting his hands and baring his teeth in a grimace as he heard a yowl sound and felt Missy get off his lap as he felt himself getting furiously angry. He felt a rage episode arrive putting him out and came to find himself still in the chair in a calm mood which he opened his eyes to see Missy get on his lap and looked to see Meritania wasn’t in his eyes sight or anywhere in the room from his senses not detecting him. He frowned to stare at the newspapers lying scattered on the table to count about four of them. Jinks reached with a hand and picked up a newspaper seeing it was Great Written News a Highlander based newspaper. 
He read the headline “Still Alive!”
Jinks exhaled a breath as he sensed Missy rubbing his chin by the top of her head felt on the area along with her purring. He forced himself to read the headlines attached article detailing it was about him and what he heard from people saying about him. He continued to read it say something about the island he reportedly stayed at examined from the air and that there were no structures found from air sightings or detected which suggested that he was living off the land protected by the Drainers who were very violent towards people boarding the island attempting to explore it to find him. He frowned as he continued to read the article detailing that he must have made an agreement with the Drainers for their protection as in allowing him to be used as food and doing care taking jobs on the island that the species couldn’t do just to protect him. He felt himself not getting angry from that lie as he continued to read that the Meritanians must have something to do with that he was on the island from detecting nothing going to the island from sensors aimed at it before it was announced that he hid himself. Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as he continued to read that the plants have been proven to transport people from one location to another location in a blink of an eye which is how they transported him to the island and mentioned that the Meritanians must have something to do with convincing the Drainers to accept him to live on the island in exchange for protection from people boarding it as in like they said him allowing them to feed off and doing caretaking jobs needed. Jinks reached the end of the article detailing that the Meritanians would possibly transport him off the island to his home once he finished his solitude retreat. He frowned as Missy gave off a meow sound and felt a paw patting him on the face which he heard the meow sounding pleading. He sighed figuring out that she wanted attention from him which he placed the newspaper on the table and looked down to see Missy sitting on her haunches staring at him. He reached with his hands and rubbed her back feeling her back end go up with the back arching underneath his hands and heard a meow sounding content. He continued to rub Missy’s back and bought a hand to her head to see her rub her face on his palm along with the top of her head on it. He sighed again to continue giving Missy attention till she gave up a meow sound sounding like she didn’t want to be petted as she lay on his lap on her side and watched her curl into a ball with form still but breathing felt. He stared at her seeing her sleep sighed to reach towards the table with effort and grabbed all of the newspapers pulling them within his reach then picked each up to see what they were. He saw that they were national besides Great Written News, King’s Times, Master’s Herald and the forth was local with the city’s name on it. Jinks sighed and picked up the local newspaper to read the headlines blared on the front cover which he began reading the newspaper finding some comments about him with some of them appearing to be lies and not getting angry about that but disgusted. He continued to read the newspaper till he paused to look down sensing Missy moving which he saw her adjust her head putting the top on his lap while still asleep which he looked back at the newspaper continuing to read it. He finished the newspaper went to read the rest of the newspapers finding himself not angry by them blaring news about him with some of them actually lies about him including what the High Council did and his people counterattacking the group’s words about him. He continued to read till he finished the newspaper to put it down on the table to frown seeing the newspapers went away like they had a hidden state ability as he heard whooshing sounds. He figured to himself that Bill might have taken them but he wasn’t sure due to not sensing the butler in the room or the male’s presence. Jinks exhaled a breath to feel Missy get up stretching and watched as she got off his lap and he got up and watched her go to her food bowls to sniff followed by giving off hissing sounds while meowing angrily. He sighed figuring out that her food was poisoned went to the kitchen doors knocking a hand on it and waited as the familiar female peered out staring at him questioningly. 
Jinks spoke “Missy the cat is having a fit due to that she’s sensed her food and drink whichever one has poison in it.” 
He stared at the woman who spoke “Oh that explains why she hasn’t been eating. We had her vet checked when it was obvious she wasn’t eating along with giving her various food which she ate from time to time. Sometimes she would balk by giving off fits like you said.” 
Jinks felt annoyance hitting him spoke “I have Highlander enemies deathly afraid of cats who will use whatever method to get rid of Missy and that includes poisoning her food and drink.” 
He glared at the lady who entered the dining room nodding her head which he watched as she went to Missy’s bowls picking them up and carried them into the kitchen doors slamming behind her. Jinks went to the dining room’s entrance to stand facing the kitchen with arms folded watching as the familiar female servant came out carrying Missy’s bowls which she set in front of the cat that sniffed then ate the food. 
Jinks spoke “You have a name miss?”
He heard from the female “I prefer to be called Mrs. Dermott.” 
He spoke “Fine what about the cook I assume is your husband’s name?”
He waited as Mrs. Dermott spoke looking at him “His name is Jim. Please knock on the kitchen doors before you feel like entering. You never know when Jim and I are having a private moment which can happen anytime we feel like it and we don’t like being interrupted unexpectedly by visitors barging into the kitchen without announcing their presence.”
Jinks spoke “Fine I’ll make sure I knock each time I enter, Mrs. Dermott.” 
He saw her nod her head followed by her going into the kitchen with the doors swinging behind her.  Jinks exhaled a breath to sigh walking out into the hallway figuring that he’ll go to the library to finish reading his book he figured he left it there. His eye fell on the gym room doors as he walked down the hallway which he went to them yanking them open to find Barry inside. 
Barry spoke “The Meritanians overheard a certain conversation with you and blabbed some of the contents to the High Council such as information on you being immune to others with similar abilities trying them out on you which suggested that their powers won’t work on you. Oh they didn’t mention some other things due to that they found the conversation amusing and were laughing about it.”
He felt annoyance hitting him as Barry continued talking “The High Council said that the Meritanians had to be kidding with this power immunity due to the plants laughing when they said it. Someone wound up telling them that the plants were telling the truth and finding the information funny which the High Council yelled that they weren’t amused.” 
He folded his arms to glare at Barry who kept speaking “Oh I should add that I asked the High Council point blank on why they wanted you dead and they refused to answer that question instead kept putting me off. I heard from the Meritanians that the actual reason doesn’t involved blaming you for the deaths of previous High Council groups which the High Council ordered the plants to be quiet on that matter and not talk about it.” 
He frowned hearing Barry’s words as the Builder added “I suspect the assassination attempts by poison is their attempts to determine how far they can go giving you that substance and seeing what it’ll do to you before doing it again. I believe their aware of your immunity to poison and are testing you on that including judging your reaction to the substance. I don’t think their attempting to assassinate you due to them admitting that their just testing to see how poison regardless of its type your body can handle turning you immune to it. By the way I managed to get out of the High Council something involving some assassination they have planned on someone and needing someone to carry it out. I’m not sure what it is due to that the Meritanians said that their ordered from talking about it and they sounded angry when they told me of this.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath as Barry paused to clear his throat then the Builder added “I got the impression that the High Council is targeting someone with resources to prevent them from going through with an assassination. I’m not sure who it is but I think its someone else other than you. I also think they might use you as the one who does the job due to your certain abilities along with resources to get close to this person to go through with an assassination. I’m uncertain if they’ll use you but you seem to fit the profile as a candidate for the job.”
He gave up a sound of disgust before speaking as Barry paused “I’m easily controlled by the Meritanians along with mind walkers easily giving me commands to kill a person which I would get an urge and do it. I wouldn’t be surprised if they try this on me to get me to kill who they want as their target.” 
He saw Barry’s eyes narrow with a glare in them before the Builder spoke “I’m wanted back due to the High Council requested my presence. Keep up your karate training you never know when the High Council will pull something on you which you’ll need to fight to survive.” 
He bobbed his head as Barry disappeared in a flash of light. Jinks went into the middle of the room to sit down doing stretching exercises and swung himself up which he began doing his Kata and ended it with a bow as if compelled to do it. He growled an annoyed sound sensing the compelling stop and figured that the Meritanians manipulated him again. He turned around to spot the doors seeing one closed and one ajar with Missy peeking who gave up a meow sound sounding happy. He sighed and left the gym room through the ajar door opening and closing it as Missy backed up to stand in the hallway. He sighed feeling her rub her face on his ankle before watching her take off towards his bedroom. He figured that she was going to there to snooze in her cat bed. He sighed again as he went to the library going inside to find his book gone from the table which annoyed him. Jinks looked at the bookshelves on his left recalling where he placed the book to find it in a bookshelf among books by the same author which he went to and yanked it out. Jinks went to sit down feeling nothing between the cushion and chair which he opened the book and skimmed the contents to find his place. He sighed as he found his spot in the book and read a page only to sense the lights blinking which he looked up and heard an ahem sounding loudly. 
Jinks sighed and looked at the doors finding them open along with Bill there who spoke “Its lunchtime, time for your required meal.” 
He exhaled a breath and placed the book on the table marking where he was and got up from the chair walking out of the room passed the butler which he went to the dining room to find a tray holding dishware of nourishment. His stomach rumbled smelling the food which he sat down and took in the nourishment of food and drink finding himself terribly hungry. He pushed the tray back as he heard a chair scrape sound looked at his left to see Meritania adjusting a chair to sit down in it. 
Jinks spoke “Thanks for solving a problem I’ve been having for years.” 
He stared at Meritania who spoke “Actually that problem was yours to solve which you weren’t acknowledging it which you have solved it yourself.” 
He frowned hearing Meritania’s words as the Highlander continued “Interesting thing a TV is. TV is short for television but it’s interesting that people call it by a shorten version of that name. Interesting to me anyway and you should see what the natives have been saying around here. Ooh.”
Jinks groaned as he felt an urge to kill hit him hard which he stiffened fisting his hands to grimace. He stared at Meritania who continued to babble talking about TVs which he slowly got up from the chair uncurling his hands unnoticed by the Highlander and went to stand behind him reaching out hands towards the male’s head. Jinks grimaced as his hands hit air when he attempted to touch Meritania’s head finding the Highlander no longer in his seat as he felt the urge still within him. He eyed the kitchen doors and thought of Bill as he heard a yowl sound sounding angry which he looked around the room and didn’t find Missy in his eyes sight. 
He shut his eyes grimacing from the urge within him as he heard Meritania’s voice speaking sounding in his mind “You can stop the urge mentally. Just think of the way and it’ll stop.” 
He groaned to will the Master through to find the urge abruptly left him as he opened his eyes. Jinks sighed feeling himself relieved as he went to sit down in his familiar chair to again hear Meritania’s voice babbling about TVs which he looked to see the Highlander was back in his seat ignoring him by the talking. He exhaled a breath to will the Master away from him while feeling himself bored with Meritania’s talk got up only to find himself compelled to sit which he found himself obeying to his annoyance. 
He frown feeling himself sitting bored with Meritania’s talk till the Highlander added speaking “Hmm you seem bored with my chat. Why is that? I thought you would be interested in viewing some TV.”
He spoke “I like I do with the newspapers would get temper tantrums. I suppose there’s a way of stopping those blow ups is there?”
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Meritania spoke “Interesting considering your not acknowledging something again that is why your having those blow ups. You’re still in denial about something.” 
He frown further hearing Meritania’s words as a memory came to his mind. In it he was High School age sitting at a desk doing homework while in his home in Wethersfield, Connecticut and his mother still alive watching TV. He recalled his mother halted his homework working asking him to watch the TV and interpret what was going on due to that there wasn’t any captions and that they appeared to be talking about some hurricane in the ocean heading towards the mainland. He remembered getting up from the desk to sit on the couch with his mother who handed him the remote which he turned on the volume then set aside the remote and signed the contents with her glancing at him and the TV back and forth. He signed to her that there was a powerful high category hurricane aimed at a part of mainland called Long Island that would travel north to hit Connecticut then the nearby states above the state before reaching the sea and continue traveling going into King Winter’s Kingdom with no prediction of stopping. Jinks fisted his hands recalling the memory of himself feeling angry at people not captioning the weather report broadcast which is why he spent two days while at home with his mother interpreting news broadcasts of the hurricane traveling towards the mainland and that there were massive evacuations of people getting out of the storm’s path by leaving Long Island and the New England states area. Jinks felt himself furious shut his eyes as he recalled that his mother made him pack a bag along with her doing it and she took her car out of Connecticut driving with the slow traffic out of the state then reached a highway with normal traffic to New York State’s capital called Albany where she found them a motel room and they stayed for days as the hurricane reportedly traveled through part of New England states area. He recalled to his anger having to interpret news broadcasts talking about the storm on the motel’s TV due to it not having captions to his mother. He remembered requesting to the motel’s head staff member for a TV with captions during a break of interpreting while she was out buying them food. He felt his anger rise recalling that the head staff member laughed at him in his face and told him that it wasn’t the motel’s problem and ordered him to go away or he’ll call security to do that as in kicking him out of the motel for being a nuisance. He recalled himself furiously angry stormed away going to his motel room and found his mother there with two grocery bags which he complained to her the rude attitude of the head staff member who refused his request to get a TV with captions for her. Jinks felt his anger rising nearing rage episode proportions as he recalled his mother signed to him that he should forget doing it anything for her for she already did it and the staff member treated her, the same they treated his request. He felt himself furious seeing that from her hand signs as she added that people have been treating her rude from since she could understand as a child due to her deafness because they didn’t find her worthy of doing anything for her and thought some view attitude which was always the same with rude people seeing her retarded and mentally ill and thought she should be locked up in some asylum which this attitude is still on going. Jinks felt a rage episode rising within him as he recalled himself age ten living in a beach house with his mother on the coast in Washington State to hear knocking sounds which he went to answer the door due to his mother was sitting reading a book. He found a police man there that asked him for his parents who he told the officer his mother was here and that she was deaf. The cop Jinks saw asked him to have her come to the door which he saw him pull out a pen and a pad and he went to get his mother waving his hands and stomping his feet which got her attention. He signed that a cop was at the door requesting his parents and that he told the officer that his mother was here and she was deaf. He saw her eyes narrow with some annoyed look in them before she got up and went to the front door him following to see the cop hand her his pad which she read then she signed to him to pack a bag and shooed him away. He obeyed packing a bag to see his mother at the door with a duffle bag slung over her shoulder and he and her followed the cop out of the house to see a vehicle there which they got inside and it took them further into the city pass slow lines of traffic till they reached his school and his mother took him inside to find the gym room was filled with people and cot beds. Jinks recalled listening to people talking about an earthquake detected off the coast of Washington State and that the evacuations was due to some huge tidal wave predicted to hit the state’s beach coast that would cause terrible damage to homes on the beaches. Jinks recalled to himself as he fought the rage episode coming onto him that his mother never told him the exact reason why they left the house and were in his school only told him that trouble was coming and that their here to be safe. His mother had a worried look on her face with eyes narrowed telling him that she was lip reading people which he continued to listen to people for days as he stayed in the school about people talking about the tidal wave including it hitting the coast along with it causing huge monetary damage destroying houses on the beaches as in smashing them and washing the rest of the smashed houses into the ocean with its waves. Jinks felt the rage episode take control putting him out only to come to finding himself in a calm mood still sitting in the chair of the dining room with Missy on his lap rubbing her face on his chin and meowing sounding like she was worried about him. He looked to see Meritania was gone from his seat and no where in the room from his senses telling him of no presence detected. He sighed and recalled Meritania’s talk about TVs got up cradling Missy in his arms which he went to the TV room to find the screen blue with dates on it which he sat down on the couch and stared at the thing recognizing the dates as the ones he saw had recordings of his life. Jinks felt Missy squirm in his arms adjusted the cat to sit on his lap and then spoke the command for TV on. He watched as the screen changed to show a sitting at a desk female Human wearing a fancy top and hair pulled back speaking about the Emperor had returned from his hidden solitude retreat and watched seeing the scene changed to show outside his building himself walking out of the entrance in his white clothes looking pale by the skin on his face and hair mussed up messy looking. Jinks frowned as the scene showed him ducking behind an armed guard to see a wall of glass he was standing in front of form six round cracks all over it. He continued to watch as the scene showed the guards backing up going inside by through an open door followed by some metal wall slamming over the glass blocking the view of inside the lobby. He continued to watch as the scene changed to show the female reporter saying that undercover cops in the audience posing as both crowd people and news affiliates people arrested the shooters about six people all Humans which FBI badges were found on their person which confirmed a recent tabloid rumor. He felt annoyance hearing that as the reporter continued that the tabloid was saying some article about the High Council having the FBI serving them as in reportedly blackmailing them into doing things against the Emperor as ordering them to shoot his imperial majesty when he made an appearance. He heard the reporter add that all of the FBI agents spoke after being arrested that they were blackmailed into shooting the Emperor but refused to talk on who was doing the blackmailing or confirm that it was the High Council doing it as reportedly said in a tabloid newspaper focused on law keeper groups such as the FBI when asked by the news affiliates’ reporters sticking their microphones in their faces for comments as they were led away into police vehicles. Jinks felt annoyance take hold sensed a presence sit down on the couch next to him looked to see Meritania who gave up a harrumph sound. 
He frowned staring at Meritania who spoke “Hmm sounds like the High Council is getting pretty desperate to do away with you hence they using people to do their work. Blackmailing isn’t a good thing to do for it’ll make others find out the secret due to their nosiness and once they find out it’ll be all over the place for everyone to know.” 
He exhaled a breath feeling Missy rubbing the top of her head on the bottom of his chin as Meritania continued talking “Ah those FBI agents are not very smart doing what their blackmailer ordered them to do. They should have announced that they were blackmailed instead of doing what was ordered and revealed their humiliating secret.” 
Jinks spoke recalling something in his mind as the TV droned “You heard of a hidden species called Amula?” 
He heard Meritania order the TV off before the Highlander spoke “Ah I heard of them. They should have revealed themselves years ago and none of this trouble with the High Council would have happened in the first place. Too bad that the Amula are afraid of people’s reactions to their species being ousted as in them thinking people with treat them as gonoids and humiliating them in jokes instead of just people who change into gonoids and back to manoids. Harrumph I did some asking around in my travels talking to people about the Amula referring them as Humans who change into gonoids and back to manoid forms. The people I talked to seemed to react with the same reaction which was surprise and acceptance and saying that they didn’t mind that there was a fellow Human like race that could do that gonoid changing thing for it had them curious to learn more about them including how they came to exist. I also was told by people that they had a similar reaction to finding out about a Human like race called Builder that was ousted years ago by some female caught on camera ordering a male to kill another male.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing that as Meritania continued talking “Oh I’m sure that the Amula would be accepted by the public once they reveal themselves and that they won’t suffer being humiliated to jokes. I did some research on the Builders being ousted to discover that the people welcomed them by treating them equally and didn’t do anything to humiliate the species. I think the Amula will find that the people’s reactions will be the same as they did to the Builders.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath to feel Missy adjusting her position on his lap to tummy sit on him as Meritania paused from talking to give of a harrumph sound before adding “A pity those Amula are so afraid of revealing themselves that they’ll do anything to keep themselves from being ousted such as being blackmailed into doing things against their will. The only way of stopping this blackmail is revealing themselves to the public and emphasizing to the people they expect to be treated equally and will not tolerate being humiliated as the source of people’s jokes. That’s what they should be doing along with using laws to make people pay for humiliating them with their jokes as in making it clear that the jokes weren’t tolerated.”
Jinks felt Missy dig her claws in his thighs sighed and rubbed a hand on her back feeling no protest from her as Meritania kept on chatting “That’s what the Builders did after awhile of being ousted in public. I heard some rich governmental Builder holding office position went after some TV talk show for saying lies and jokes about his species by coming up with a law saying that TV shows regardless of them fake or news affiliates had to be truthful about manoid species living in Shadan including refraining from saying anything to humiliate them as saying jokes. This law included paying a big money fine for breaking the law along with publicity announcing that they lied and said not appropriate jokes followed by cancellation of their show never to air it again. Needless to say that TV talk show wound up cancelled abruptly once that law was passed and the show’s host forced to admit on air that he said lies about the Builders and that his jokes were not appropriate due to that it was humiliating the species.”
Jinks sighed as Meritania paused to shift his form to face him before adding “I think that the Amula will find that law includes all manoid species living in Shadan and should be using it to their advantage to force people to not to humiliate them with jokes and lies in TV broadcasts they see. It’s a good thing that law is still standing for the current King once he was elected announced that the law to include all manoid species on Shadan and signed something called a bill to keep the law active and make sure it included all of the manoid species on Shadan.”
Jinks bobbed his head as Meritania kept talking “The King in question during a press conference when asked about him living in the past beyond Human life spans due to news affiliates finding records of him and showing it to him in his face admitted that he’s not Human but part of a Human like species called Destroyer who used to have the attitude of assassinating people due to being angry a lot and taking it out on people by killing them. The King admitted after that that someone answering to the name of King Winter got involved in the Destroyers and punished them harshly for the angry attitude and assassinating people. The species according to the King under King Winter’s harsh threats changed their ways and have found other ways of blowing their anger by getting involved in sports with success in stop being angry which their offspring have been pushed in getting involved in doing physical activities as a way of blowing off angry feelings.”
Jinks nodded his head as Meritania paused from talking to see the Highlander cock his head before fading from view which he heard knocking sounds on the doors looked at them to see Bill entering the room opening the doors while clearing his throat loudly. 
Jinks stared at Bill who spoke “Its time for your required meal which I suggest you go eat it due to doctor’s orders.” 
He exhaled a breath to pick up Missy and felt her squirm which he placed her down on the floor and watched her streak out of the TV room which he got up walking passed the butler out of the TV room and went to the dining room to find a tray holding dishware full of food with smells that made his stomach rumble. He sat down at the table and found himself gobbling up the food and gulping down the drink. He once finished got up and went to the gym room intending to practice karate. Jinks arrived to the room to find his senses blaring warning which he yanked open the doors to see a wolf sitting in the room which he glared at as he walked further into the room. He saw the gonoid change into a Human male wearing uniform that attacked him with fists and legs flying in karate movements which he counterattacked in karate knocking the male off his feet. Jinks felt a bare arm wrap around his neck from behind along with his hair grabbed as the male on the floor darted forwards grabbing his feet then standing up lifting them up. He felt annoyance hitting him heard a voice speaking foreign language followed by falling to the floor as the arm released its hold along with the male holding his feet disappearing in a flash of light. Jinks swung himself up with a karate move to spun around towards the doors to see Bill standing there with golden eyes looking annoyed by the expression on the butler’s face. 
Jinks spoke “Good work on getting rid of the intruders.” 
He heard a harrumph from Bill who spoke “Actually their part of your guards group from the look of their uniforms.” 
He felt his annoyance take hold as Bill continued talking “Also your Highlander friend given the name of Merry is in the dining room wishing to talk to you.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath nodded his head and left the gym room going to the dining room which he found Meritania sitting in a seat reading a newspaper appearing to be Master’s Herald from the looks of it. He sat down and cleared his throat loudly as Meritania he saw shut the newspaper closed and folded it placing it on the table. 
Jinks frowned as Meritania spoke “Amula, interesting species. They would rather hide than blab their species to others and their strong fasted in their hiding view. Harrumph their a little miffed that they think you’ll insist to them on showing themselves to the public hence the attack in your gym room which they were trying to knock you out unconscious.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing that as Meritania added “Oh the Amula forgot one thing about you is that you have Builders under your employ that’ll possibly use their voice talents to force the species to confront their fear. The Amula have fear of revealing themselves which the Builders are aware of and that the High Council is using to their advantage. I suspect the Builders might be forceful in getting the Amula to reveal themselves. Possibly using their voices talents to do the job but I’m not sure.”
He stared at Meritania who picked up the newspaper and got up fading from view which he sighed and got up figuring to himself that he’ll see about interrogating the Amula that attacked him in the gym room. He went to the elevator in the living room seeing the doors open only to get his way blocked by Bill appearing from no where that repeatedly blocked his way with some look of disapproval on the butler’s face. 
Jinks spoke feeling annoyance “The Amula you ordered transported out, where did you send them? I like to be able to interrogate them if their still in the building.”
Jinks saw Bill’s facial expression remained the same as the butler spoke “I sent them to the brig where I’m pretty sure the head guard and head of security is busy interrogating them. I’ll see about informing them of you wishing to talk to those guards for the attack. Unfortunately it’s not a good time to leave the penthouse.” 
He exhaled a breath nodded his head and walked away figuring that he’ll go to the TV room and sit watching TV which he went and sat down on the couch to feel sleepiness which he sighed figuring out that Lance wanted to talk to him. He leaned back and shut his eyes as he felt pressure on his lap before passing out to dream of facing Lance who looked annoyed. 
Lance he stared at spoke sounding irritated “The High Council got to those two guards of yours talking about you using your leadership authority to make them revealing themselves to the public.”
He felt annoyance hit him as Lance continued talking “Oh those guards used the help of the Meritanians to get into your home and attack you which they were just planning on knocking you unconscious and make sure you stay like that for awhile. The Amula are currently fighting with others on revealing themselves along with the High Council blackmailing them to do things against you.” 
He growled an angry sound to feel Lance’s hands on his forehead and chest which he felt himself calm. 
Lance kept talking “Your butler insisting that you don’t leave the penthouse because those two guards of yours blabbed to the other Amula guards what the High Council told them of you. The Amula’s view is mixed with some of them wanting to knock you out unconscious just to keep you from ordering them to reveal themselves while others just want to use you for getting rid of their anger towards the High Council. Your other servants the Builders are currently fixing the damage the High Council caused among the Amula guards.”
He groaned loudly as Lance kept talking ignoring his noises “They overheard you through recording devices telling Bill about interrogating those Amula that attacked you and are considering it. I think you should talk to those Amula guards and force them to admit to why their scared on revealing themselves to the public. I get the feeling that they’ll only admit the reason to you due to them being more scared of you than they are towards the High Council.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut jerked his eyes to lurching up into a standing position to hear an annoyed yowl sound which he looked down to see Missy on the floor near his feet and figured that she was sitting on his lap and didn’t expect him to stand up abruptly knocking her off. He bent down and rubbed her back to hear her give off a meow sounding like she didn’t want to be petted which he sighed and straightened up his form to fold his arms. He eyed the doors to hear a door knocking sound followed by them opening which he fell into a perfect split as if compelled to hear gunfire sounds which he eyed the doorway to see a guard standing there firing his gun that halted the shooting. Jinks willed the Master through to get up swinging his legs and swung himself up with a karate move to glare at the guard while waving a hand mentally ordering the gun to jam. He heard noises of the weapon jamming to see nervousness on the male’s face as he saw the guard disappear in a flash of light and in the male’s place was Bill looking furious by the butler’s face. 
Jinks spoke “Drat I think I need to interrogate the guards and their companions on their stunts their pulling on me.”
He saw Bill nod his head followed by the butler speaking “Just tell the guard in the elevator that you want to go to the brig and he’ll get the thing to it.” 
He nodded his head and walked out of the TV room going to the elevator which once inside he told the Highlander guard the word brig and waited as the elevator went down followed by stopping which he walked out only to discover himself in the lobby. He felt annoyance as guards in the room seeing him cocked their guns while flaring gonoid looking eyes that told him that they were Amula which he mentally ordered their guns to jam as the guards aimed it at him and heard the weapons jammed sounds. 
Jinks felt annoyance hitting him spoke “What joke is this stunt you’re pulling on me this time?”
He heard nothing from the guards but saw them throw their guns followed by charging at him who he looked behind him to see the elevator doors were closed and heard a faint dinging sound. He figured to himself that the Highlander guard was working for the High Council due to sending him to the lobby to fight with Amula guards. Jinks felt himself getting furious with the High Council and their latest stunt in getting his guards to attack him as the nearest guard arrived with fists and legs swinging in some karate fight style which he found himself defending himself as other guards arrived with fists and legs flying towards him. Jinks found them moving too fast for him to mentally order paralysis as he fought to keep them off of him. He heard elevator sound ding behind him followed by foreign language spoken very loudly in a Builder voice tone to see the guards hit the ground with forms going still and eyes shut while changing into gonoids that appeared to be sleeping. He turned around to see a male Human in a suit flaring eyes of a Builder that threw an unconscious Highlander onto the floor whose form remained still which his senses told him that the guard was knocked out.
Jinks snarled “The High Council pulled this stunt and I aim to see them pay for it.” 
He heard from the Builder “Yes we’re aware of what the High Council pulled. Come with me. I temporary put the guards to sleep. They’ll be in a bad mood once they wake up and won’t be listening to things around here.” 
He nodded his head and followed the Builder into the elevator which he saw the male press a numbered button and sensed the elevator go up. He folded his arms and stood waiting as the elevator stopped with a ding sound followed by ordered out by the Builder using his voice which didn’t affect him but heard the annoyance in the male’s voice tone when he hesitated. 
Jinks left the elevator to find himself in his living room with Bill standing nearby which he spoke “The interrogation of the guards, how is that going?”
He stared at Bill who spoke sounding nervous “I heard that the two guards aren’t the only ones with some view of targeting you which has spread to other guards. I wouldn’t recommend leaving the penthouse due to how the guards are feeling at the moment.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust as the butler paused then continued “Oh I should mention that your friend Merry has successfully gotten the two guards to admit the real reason why they attacked you and got the others throwing attacks towards you.” 
Jinks frowned to stare at Bill who remained silent which he spoke “Any reason why those guards are pulling this stunt on me?”
He frowned as Bill’s face formed nervousness followed by the butler speaking “I wasn’t told the exact reason for the attack just told to relay what I told you and that’s all.” 
He stiffened sensing the butler’s words were a lie mentally ordered paralysis to hit the Bill’s legs and saw the male form a grimace on his face.
Jinks spoke “Liar, now tell me the truth on what was said.” 
He narrowed his eyes glaring at Bill who spoke in foreign language sounding like using the voice and heard a dart gun sound going off behind him followed by a prick of pain in his shoulder that made him sleepy. He stumbled and saw Bill dart forwards grabbing him as he fell towards the floor and surrendered to the sleepiness going unconscious. 

Jinks woke up hearing the sound of an alarm blaring jerked open his eyes to find himself in a squat position with chain manacles around his wrist holding his arms up above him. He shook his head of the sleepiness to look around the room recognizing it as a familiar cave room and forced himself to stand up jerking at the manacles only to grimace as he felt a sting of electrical charge of pain hitting him from feeling something attached to the back of his neck. He shifted his head to glare at the restraints seeing wires jutting from them going to the back of his neck from the looks of things while sensing himself filmed. He looked around the room to find it looking the same as his last time there and looked up at near the ceiling to spot a round black ball object jutting from the rocky wall with a red dot on it. He figured to himself that it was the camera recording him due to sensing himself filmed. Jinks exhaled a breath sensing the Master still in control within him which he felt like needing it in control. 
He mentally thought to himself “Alright what’s going on with my guards and why did they put me in here in chains?”
He heard nothing from Lance mentally yelled “Father what’s going on?!”
Jinks heard a response as an irritated “Busy don’t disturb!”
He growled some angry sound feeling himself irritated and figured what it was and again pulled at the restraints only to feel the familiar charge of electricity bringing pain vibrating throughout his body. He grimaced from the pain running through him to will his mediation techniques forward to will the pain away. Jinks looked around the room finding nothing which he eyed the room’s entrance to see the familiar gate was there and heard a loud humming sound that sounded like it was charged with electricity. Jinks cut his mediation techniques as he continued to eye the gate as a male wearing a uniform holding a gun walked into view with some sneer on the man’s face. He glared back at the male whose eyes flared gonoid looking before changing back to Human like sneer still on the man’s face. 
He heard the male he assumed was an Amula speak loudly “Target’s awake and still in the same locked in status.” 
Jinks felt himself annoyed as the Amula paused before continuing “Lock ins appear to be holding at the moment. Not sure when Target will alter status. Back up lock ins are working perfectly.”
He figured to himself as the male paused that the Amula guards pulled this stunt on him locking him up in restraints due to being furiously angry with him. He glared at the guard who walked out of view out of sight and kept his eyes aimed at the gate feeling himself annoyed with his situation of being restrained in chains without an explanation given. Jinks opened his mouth to talk only to feel pain in his throat and shut his mouth closed. 
He thought to himself “What kind of sleeping dart did they use on me? It seems like they used some kind to affect my throat to keep me from talking out of this situation. Hmph nothing I can do about it except figure out how to free myself from the restraints as painless as possible.”
He shifted his eyes towards his right wrist to glare at the manacle around it eyeing the wires jutting from it. He gritted his teeth and pulled at the manacle only to feel a powerful charge of pain hitting him hard that made him breathe through his mouth gasping breaths. He continued to mouth breathe as the pain’s charge went through him and then went away slowly still leaving him feeling hints of pain throughout his body. Jinks felt himself getting angry which he allowed the emotion to run through him to shift his eyes towards the gate to find the familiar Amula was back having a glare on the male’s face with eyes flaring gonoid like. Jinks glared back at the Amula while fisting his hands figuring that the Amula guards were responsible for his restrained status. He continued to glare at the guard who turned and walked out of sight.
He mentally thought “The High Council must have put them up to doing this to me. Argh! I’m getting sick and tired of the High Council pulling stunts on me as some sick attempt to bring me down. They turning my guards against me as their latest stunt are intolerable. I’ll see that the High Council pays for this even making sure that they pay dearly for that I’m not going down easily. I aim to use whatever resources I have to strike against the High Council and believe me I’ll hit them hard. I don’t care how but I’ll make sure that they suffer for these stunts they keep pulling on me. It’s getting intolerable for them to keep doing this to me and them not getting punished. I’m fed up with the High Council and their sick attempts to kill me.”
He paused to narrow his eyes still aimed at the gate to continue thinking “I think I should consider doing what they blamed me for, assassination of three High Council groups and not doing anything to stop it. Perhaps I should when the opportunity comes assassinate the current High Council. It’s the only way I can think of stopping them from attempting to kill me off. Also I don’t see a way of reasoning with them by talking to quit trying to kill me due to them insisting on seeing me dead. I think its best to assassinate the current High Council just to stop these stunts done on me. Oh well. I’ll figure out a way of doing it once the opportunity arrives.” 
He made his mind blank as he sensed a headache of his mind scanned focused on the gate to see no one there and mentally spoke “Meritanians, what do you want now?”
He heard Ramses’ voice speaking “Oh just checking on you due to sensing some things going around.”
He heard the edge in Ramses’ voice that sounded like the Meritanian was hiding something which he mentally thought “Oh what have you found out, Ramses?”
He heard from Ramses still using the edge voice tone “Just still trying to find out what’s going on due to people sensing us scanning them and yelling at us to keep out of their minds.”
Jinks stiffened sensing what the Meritanian said was a lie mentally spoke “Argh you too Ramses?! You’re not the only one around here keeping things from me. It’s getting annoying.”
He felt his mood become foul as Ramses spoke sounding annoyed “You want to tell me what you think is going on and why you’re in your situation?”
Jinks mentally spoke “What I think is going on is the High Council managed to sicken my guards the Amula species to turn against me hence me locked up. Also from what I could tell the Amula guards have me locked up because they think I’ll order them to oust their species to the public due to being afraid of doing that. Along with that the High Council has used that fear to blackmail them to do things against me. Such as two of the guards attacking me in my home as an attempt to knock me out for awhile along with other guards attacking me in the lobby room brought there by a Highlander guard who seems to be a servant of the High Council. Also my butler hid some things from me and balked telling me what was really going on with two of the guards as in the contents of their interrogation only to order some guard to knock me out unconscious and I woke up here.” 
Jinks paused to forming his mind blank while sensing his mind still scanned. 
He felt his mood foul as Ramses spoke sounding like he was talking to someone else than him “You heard me what I said. I’m not kidding I got it straight from him who told me this. Don’t yell at me! It’s annoying when you do that! Besides I just told you what he thinks is going on.”
Jinks mentally yelled as Ramses paused “Don’t tell me you’re talking to the High Council and not one of my people!”
He heard Ramses speak “Uh oh Horus figured out who was behind the questioning.”
He felt his mood become fouler as Ramses continued “Sorry Horus but the High Council wanted to know what’s behind your thinking words trashing them detected.” 
He mentally spoke “Harrumph you read my father’s mind and heard me thinking what I was thinking and told every single line to the High Council hence their questions.” 
He heard groaning noises followed by Lance’s voice speaking in his mind “That’s what I meant ‘Busy don’t disturb’. The Meritanians were scanning me which I detected them doing and they wouldn’t stop doing it despite me telling them off. They heard every single word you thought and blabbed it to the High Council who wound up being hissy about your words till I told the Meritanians to contact you. I insisted to the Meritanians that you didn’t know what was really going on to explain your situation and that you were blaming the High Council for it which they wound up contacting you on that.”
He mentally spoke “Harrumph, don’t tell me that the High Council isn’t responsible for the latest stunt pulled on me.”
He heard from Lance “Sorry Jinks, but their not responsible judging by their reaction to what the Meritanians said about you.” 
Jinks felt his mood become fouler as he mentally spoke “What the depths is really going on?”
He heard nothing from Lance as he felt his mind still scanned followed by Ramses’ voice speaking “Horus is clueless on who’s behind the latest stunt pulled on him and doesn’t know what’s going on. He doesn’t know the reason for why his guards appeared to turn against him and locked him up. You want me to tell him?”
Jinks felt his anger rising within him as Ramses paused followed by the Meritanian speaking “Alright Horus the High Council admit of having two of your guards attack you in your home but they have nothing to do with your other guards turning against you.” 
He sensed Ramses’ words were the truth as the Meritanian continued “That stunt was ordered by one of your own people a Builder who did the order overheard by a Highlander servant who told us that. The order was to have you believe that your Amula guards turned against you so that you could be knocked out and locked up by the guards. Unfortunately another Builder not told of the situation interfered but the order was said to your butler who used the voice to get us to transport a guard into your home to dart you out unconscious.” 
He felt his anger take control as Ramses kept talking “One of the reasons for the stunts was to keep you contained out of the way which we’re trying to find out why due to people detecting us scanning them and yelling at us to get out of their minds which hasn’t been easy doing.” 
He sensed that Ramses spoke was the truth as he felt his mind stopped being scanned as his anger turn full blown within him. He jerked against the restraints only to feel the familiar charge of electricity bringing pain within him. 
Jinks mentally spoke sounding furious “I’m getting sick and tired of my people hiding things from me by not fully saying anything in my face. It’s getting intolerable. Why can’t they just tell me what’s really going on and let me help them figure out a way out of the situations that come up? Someone is getting punished for this stunt and I don’t care how for they’ll suffer my wrath. I meant it they’ll learn to not to hide things from me from now on. I’m fed up with this.” 
He felt his anger rise feeling a rage episode arrive within him putting him out only to come to lying on a bed while feeling manacles around his wrists. He jerked opened his eyes as he felt a vibration on top of his chest which he looked to see Missy tummy sitting on his that stood up arching her back and walked off. He felt himself very irritated easily broke the restraints feeling no pain and got up from the bed seeing that he was in his bedroom of the penthouse and darted into the bathroom. 

Jinks walked out of the bathroom feeling himself much better which he eyed the clock seeing the thing was off by not blare a time. He went to the window and thrust aside the curtain to look out seeing the sun was appearing to be near the horizon but figured from its position that it was morning. Jinks growled an angry sound finding his voice back and no pain in his throat. He stormed to the bedroom doors swinging them open to see Bill there who formed disapproval on the butler’s face seeing him. 
Jinks snarled out loudly “I order the others including you to fully tell me what’s going on instead of going behind my back hiding things from me. I expect this order obeyed period or else.” 
He saw Bill nod his head expression remaining the same as he walked back into his bedroom slamming both doors and stormed into the bathroom figuring to himself that he’ll shower. 

Jinks walked out of the bathroom fresh from showering with hair brushed and clothes exchanged for clean ones while still wearing the bullet proof vest underneath his shirt. He went to the bedroom doors and slammed them open to find Bill still in his spot who cleared his throat loudly. Jinks glared at the butler whose eyes narrowed appearing to be staring at him fully in the eyes while again clearing his throat. He sensed the Master in control within him and figured what the butler wanted snarled out some growling sound while forming a sneer on his lips to see nervousness appear on Bill’s face. He wagged a finger in Bill’s face then walked away going to the dining room to find food set on the table which he found himself terribly hungry ate everything on the plate and gulped down the drink. He got up and left the dining room going to the elevator finding the doors open only to have his way blocked by Bill who repeatedly blocked him. Jinks felt his mood foul grabbed the butler by the jacket and lifted the Builder up dangling his feet. 
He heard Bill speak “Sorry but its not the appropriate time to leave the penthouse.” 
Jinks left go of Bill letting the butler drop to the floor that landed on his feet stumbling backwards a bit before righting himself. He snarled a growl sound as Bill he saw formed nervousness on the butler’s face which he walked away figuring that he’ll go watch TV. He went to the TV room yanking open a door and then slammed it shut once he was inside. He went to the couch and sat verbalizing the TV to turn on and felt his mood foul finding it remained the same showing a blue screen with dates on it. 
He leaned forwards to put hands on his forehead as he mentally thought to himself “Their hiding something again hence the butler ordered to keep me from the elevator and the TV losing service.” 
He brought his hands to his hair yanking at the strands as he mentally spoke again “Argh! They didn’t do what I ordered them to do as said to the butler. Plus the butler indicated that I should get rid of my black eyes which I balked doing.”
He paused to fist his hands feeling his mood foul within him as he snarled mentally “That does it! I don’t care how I’ll get them to stop this hiding information from me stunt no matter what it takes.”
He got up folding his arms to pace back and forth in the room feeling his anger taking control. 
He mentally spoke “That does it I’m going to find out what’s going on and I will do what it takes to find out if I have to use my fists and power abilities.” 
He went to the TV room doors yanking one open to stare with annoyance seeing Bill there who blocked his way repeatedly while clearing his throat with eyes he saw appeared to be narrowed staring at him in the eyes. Jinks growled an angry sound loudly and saw nervousness appear on Bill’s face as he walked up to the butler.
He spoke sounding angry “Spill it butler what are you hiding from me?”
He glared at Bill who instead of answering him continued to clear his throat while appearing to stare at him in the eyes which he figured what the butler wanted. 
Jinks snarled out “Talk or I’ll use my fists on you. What orders were you given that you’re not saying?”
He glared at Bill who continued to clear his throat which he heard from Lance “Just will the source away and maybe that should get the butler to talk.” 
He frowned hearing the sarcasm in Lance’s voice tone figured he’ll obey which he willed the Master away from him to see Bill to his annoyance fade from view disappearing out of sight. 
Jinks brought his hands to his hair again yanking on the strands which he mentally spoke “What the depths is going on for the butler to be so insistence for me to change my eyes?”
He heard nothing from Lance felt his mood become fouler figured that he’ll go to the elevator and punch the butler if he blocked his way. He walked out of the TV room and went to the elevator only to find his way again blocked by Bill which he thrust a fist and hit the butler in the face seeing the Builder crumple to the ground. 
He stormed to the elevator and went inside only to hear the Highlander guard speak “Sorry I have my orders to not to transport you anywhere in the elevator unless ordered otherwise.” 
Jinks felt himself feeling very angry turned towards the Highlander guard who appeared to have nervousness on his face. 
He spoke “Says who that ordered this?”
He got silence from the guard which he added “I’m supposed to be running things around here and not the one who ordered you. I’m the leader of the Master Organization and I’m supposed to act like the leader so move this elevator or else.” 
He glared at the Highlander guard who rolled his eyes and slid to the floor appearing to faint unconscious. His senses he detected aimed at the Highlander guard told him that the male was still alive but fainted from nervousness in front of him. He gave up a sound of disgust went to the button console only to blink his eyes as night vision partially came onto his eyes sight. He looked up glaring at the lights finding them off and looked down pressing a numbered button finding to his disgust the elevator’s refusal to move. He recalled a doorway to the stairwell in the kitchen walked out of the elevator to hear the doors shut and Bill gone from the floor. Jinks went to the dining room to the kitchen doors only to find his way blocked by Bill looking nervous. 
He spoke sounding angry “Get out of my way now.”
He glared at Bill who spoke “Sorry but I’m ordered to keep you out of the kitchen for a certain time period which is happening now.” 
Jinks spoke a profanity comment grabbed Bill by the jacket who spoke in foreign language sounding like using the voice followed by dart gun sound going off behind him. He stiffened to feel a stinging pain in the back of his neck along with sleepiness which he let go of Bill to feel the butler grab him as sleepiness took control knocking him out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing humming sounds of electricity which he jerked open his eyes to discover himself lying on the ground feeling plastic from the feel of it on his face. He twisted himself onto his back and swung up fast to look around the room finding himself back in the cave room. He gave up a sound of disgust sensing himself filmed which he looked to see the familiar ball in the wall near the ceiling. Jinks felt himself very irritated marched up to a wall and adjusted his pants figuring out what to do. He rolled his eyes as he released the dart’s drug from within him then again adjusted his pants once done. He exhaled a breath to go to the gated fence to peer out seeing the scenery was the same as before but no one in sight. He reached out a hand towards the gated bars only to see his hand jerk back by itself which it repeatedly did as he reached towards it. Jinks exhaled a breath figuring out that the hand jerk back was a safety move to prevent him from being electrocuted very badly. He felt himself annoyed being locked up walked away and willed the Master through as an idea came to his mind. He stared at the camera dome and waved a hand mentally ordered it to cease operation sensing his order obeyed by it stopped filming along with shower of sparks coming from it. He smiled seeing it and figured to himself that it’ll get guards to come down and check on him which he went to the gated fence to stand with arms folded forming a glare on his face. He waited as he sensed himself filmed saw a camera ball come into sight which he waved a hand mentally ordering it to cease operation and felt the filming stop by it falling to the floor with a crash sound. He eyed the gated fence and willed himself to calm and waved a hand figuring that his power abilities will make it open. Jinks smiled finding success as the gate stopped its humming sound followed by it sliding open which he walked out to look around only to feel a dart syringe held in his left hand. Jinks looked around finding nothing to indicate the syringe’s source walked towards the stairs to again find his right hand holding a syringe which he dropped as he did the same with the left hand. He walked up the stairs finding his hands catching syringes till he reached a break in the stairs to find it like before and figured that he would have to take the elevator. He went to the elevator and found the doors open which he walked inside and sensed himself filmed as the doors shut abruptly followed by smoke billowing into the thing. He felt sleepiness growled an annoyed sound shook his head till the sleepiness and smoke persisted and then he felt himself falling towards the floor going unconscious.

Jinks woke up finding himself in a squat position manacles felt on his wrists. He jerked open his eyes finding himself still in the cave room but chained. He straightened up his form and again felt himself filmed which he eyed the familiar camera dome to see it still have its red light. He glared at the camera dome to pull at the manacles and again felt the familiar charge of electrical currents of pain that made him fell to a squat position while grimacing on his face baring his teeth. Jinks straightened up his form and mentally shut his eyes willing his earthquake power to activate only to feel zapping pain hitting him hard that made him squat. He mentally willed his power away as the pain continued to hit him and sighed feeling the pain stop. He felt a hand grab his shirt on the shoulder lifting him up to stand which he opened his eyes and saw Meritania. 
Meritania spoke “You’re not acknowledging something.”
He stared at Meritania who forced his eyes shut and he jerked them open to discover himself still in the cave room chained but in a standing position. He felt himself confused willed the Master away from him to lean his form back onto the wall feeling it feel like hard plastic and not cave ground walls. He exhaled a breath to lean his head back against the wall eyes aimed at the camera dome staring at it. He felt himself in a calm mood figured that he’ll just stand there and stare at the camera’s dome due to that fighting against the restraints would bring pain and make him angry. He felt himself in a calm mood continued to lean against the wall recalling Roosevelt having a white tiger gonoid kept in this room. 
He thought to himself “What was Roosevelt thinking keeping a wild gonoid as a pet in this room anyway?”
He frowned as he heard from Lance “That gonoid was part of his status as a rich man flaunted to the public. Janel got Roosevelt with lots of convincing to quit having the gonoid after having your daughter. He wound up giving up the gonoid to some zoo who took care of it and gonoid thrived to have offspring and was appearing to be very happy among others of its kind.”
He frowned but kept his position as he heard Lance add sounding annoyed “Meritanians must you scan my mind?!”
Jinks frowned further to form it on his lips as Lance went silent figuring out that his father was busy telling off the Meritanians for scanning him.  
He mentally thought to himself “Must the Meritanians scan my father’s mind?”
He heard nothing in response continued to think “Just wondering what’s going on with me chained up again. Also I’m supposed to be the leader of the Master Organization but from the looks of things I’ve been reduced to figurehead status. Not fair that I have to put up with things going around here that isn’t what I had in mind.” 
He paused to sensed himself watched by a person shifted his head towards the gate to find a male with a frown on the face while wearing a uniform with a gun in hand flashing gonoid eyes that told him was an Amula. Jinks eyed the Amula who continued to stare at him back followed shaking his head in some confused gesture with a frown still on the male’s face and walking out of sight. He exhaled a breath to hear a loud beep sound jerked as he sensed the manacles break apart along with the object on the back of his neck released its hold on him. He frowned to lower his arms folding them and straightened up his form to turn eying the gate to hear another beep sound followed by the humming of electricity stopped and the thing opening. 
He exhaled a breath to walk to it walking out to see the familiar Amula male outside that spoke “I’m to escort you to your destination.” 
Jinks nodded his head but kept his mouth shut unfolding his arms following the Amula to the elevator who gestured for him to go inside which he obeyed and frowned sensing the male not following. He felt the elevator go up with dinging sounds and then stop which he walked out and sighed seeing himself in the guest room while sensing himself filmed. His nose smelled food making his stomach rumble which he spotted a tray holding dishware full of food on top of a table which he figured that he’ll eat. Jinks went to the table sitting down and proceeded to eat all of the food and gulp down the drink. He exhaled a breath to exchange chair positions till he was facing the elevator and leaned back with arms folded. He eyed the elevator seeing the doors were shut and heard a faint dinging sound followed by them opening and a female Human walked out dressed in a dress that hugged her curves. He stared at the female seeing her face reminded him of someone familiar and couldn’t place it but frowned wondering if she was a descendant. Jinks continued to stare at her as she walked up to the table and spoke “I would like a baby from you.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing her declaration heard from Lance “Give her what she wants.” 
He sighed and got up nodding his head towards her and went to the bed to stand watching her walk up to him while stripping herself of the dress. He exhaled a breath and stripped himself of his clothes and shoes then once naked eyed the female seeing that her body looked pleasant to him which he leaned forwards and brought a hand to her chin. He brought his mouth to her lips sensing no resistance from her and heard nothing as he kissed her while feeling himself getting hard. He broke off the kiss and backed towards the bed as her hands touched his arms pushing him gently to lie down which he obeyed finding her taking the top position straddling him. He placed his hands on her hips holding her there as he felt himself entering her while feeling charges of pleasure hitting him that made him feel happy with the mating. He moved his hands to her breasts feeling them as she moved him in and out of her while having hands on his shoulders. Jinks stared at her in the face seeing that she seemed to be enjoying the mating which he spilled himself inside her and saw her roll her eyes while lying her form on top of him. He felt himself still hard wondered what brought that on for mating twice but rolled her and himself over till her back was on the bed. He placed hands on her hips and proceeded to thrust inside her while sensing no resistance from her as he moved rolling his eyes while feeling charges of pleasure hitting him again. Jinks gave off a loud moan as he spilled himself inside her and felt the feeling of pleasure hitting him in waves as he collapsed on top of her. He gasped for breath feeling the pleasure feeling stop along with his hardness which he pulled out and sighed. He got up from the bed to stare at her as she appeared to be still which he sensed she was growing a baby inside her. He went to his clothes putting them on along with his shoes and heard the elevators opened followed by a male voice sounding Human like speaking profanities. Jinks turned towards the elevators to see a male with black hair wearing a suit walking out looking angry. 
Jinks frowned as the male spoke sounding angry “I told her not to do that stunt which she didn’t listen to me and now she’s committed to that.” 
He figured from the male’s words that he was her husband. Jinks stared at the male as he saw two men with Builder eyes stepped into view both wearing uniforms and guns in one hand with one of them pointing a finger towards him and then pointing towards the elevator jabbing at it. 
He sighed and spoke “I’m sorry I wasn’t told.” 
He frowned as the male stared at him with widen eyes before giving off a disgust sound with angry eyes turned towards the female on the bed. He sighed and walked passed the male and guards and entered the elevator to find a Highlander guard inside who pressed a numbered button on the console. He felt the elevator move going to its mystery destination till the thing stopped with doors opening which he walked out finding himself in the living room of the penthouse. Jinks sighed seeing Bill appear from no where with a familiar what do you want look on his face. 
He spoke “Ugh any reason to explain why I was locked up with restraints?”
He eyed Bill who spoke “Sorry I wasn’t ordered to say the reason.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust figured that he’ll hit the gym room which he spoke “Dismissed Bill.” 
He watched as Bill faded from view which he went to the gym room and once inside sat on the floor and began doing his stretching exercises then swung himself up and proceeded to do his familiar karate motions. He ended it with a bow towards the doors seeing one ajar with Missy peeking which he walked out of the room closing the door behind him. He felt Missy rub her head on his ankle followed by seeing her running in the direction to his bedroom. Jinks sighed and figured that he’ll go to the library and finish reading his book which he went opening the doors and frown seeing Meritania inside sitting in a chair appearing to examine a book before putting it down on the table. He went inside the room shutting the doors behind him and went to sit down as gestured by Meritania. 
Jinks stared at Meritania who spoke “Interesting book for one about lovemaking.”
He figured the book Meritania was referring to the one he put on the table as the Highlander paused then continued “Oh someone told me that a certain somebody thinks he’s a figurehead in some group when he’s actually the leader but isn’t capable of leading at the moment due to some internal problems detected.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Meritania’s words figuring out that the Highlander was referring to him. 
He kept his mouth shut as Meritania continued “The internal problems involved blowing tantrums due to not acknowledging things and being in denial about them. Also being furiously angry about things including being too angry about thinking straight about what to do to lead around here. That involves being furious at a certain group causing internal problems as in them doing assassination attempts along with targeting a certain furball too.”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth as Meritania twisted his form to face him which the Highlander continued “Also there’s another internal problem such as not using his leadership status to keep others in line when they try to target him. This includes an attack in an exercise room by two members which was caught on recorders. The victim was observed fighting them instead of using his leadership status and said power abilities to make the attackers stand down which have others think there’s a problem with the victim. Hence they were pulling this stunt of locking up the victim and seeing how he’ll react to that due to thinking the victim needs a lesson on learning how to lead better.” 
He exhaled another breath through his mouth as Meritania nodded his head followed by the Highlander speaking “The victim in question was too angry about his locked up status that I had to get involved telling him off to acknowledge something he was in denial about.”
He groaned softly hearing that as Meritania kept talking “Fortunately the victim listened to me and stopped being furiously angry enough to get the lesson’s impact which was being calm would get him something he wanted. Such as being freed from the restraints and rewarded with mating with a female despite having a mate who didn’t approve of that.” 
Jinks sighed as Meritania paused to stare at him which he figured that the Highlander wanted him to comment on his words. 
He spoke “Ugh ok. I get what you mean and who you’re referring to. I figured that the victim should learn not to let anger control him and that being calm will get him what he wants. I figured that’s what you’re referring to.” 
He saw Meritania nod his head followed by the Highlander’s form fading from view as he heard knocking sounds on the doors shifted to look at them seeing them open followed by Bill entering the room clearing his throat. 
Jinks stared at Bill who spoke “Time for your required meal as ordered by your personal physician.” 
He sighed to get up and bobbed his head towards Bill as he walked by the butler and went to the dining room to find a clear cup holding pink thick liquid which he figured was his strawberry milkshake. He picked up the cup and took a sip discovering it what he thought and sensed nothing wrong with it gulped it down. Jinks placed the cup down on the table and stood frowning wondering what he should do. 
He heard from Lance “Go practice karate. You need to keep it up.”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth figured he’ll obey Lance’s suggestion went to the gym room yanking open the doors to frown seeing Barry inside the room. 
He stood staring at Barry who spoke “The Meritanians managed to slip out the actual reason for the High Council’s dislike towards you which I heard and thought you should know.” 
He frowned as Barry paused then continued to speak “The actual reason I heard is your deathless state that have the High Council jealous enough to try to bring you down.”
He felt himself remaining calm as Barry continued “The High Council from what I can tell are dependants on machine devices that give them a deathless state enabling them to live longer than normal Highlander life spans. The High Council is jealous of you due to that you’ve lived longer than normal Human life spans without the help of machinery and that it’s a part of you. They envy you on that and are angry that they have to depend on machinery to live while you don’t.”
Jinks sighed as Barry paused to stare at him before the Builder continued talking “Oh there’s two others deathless like you who lived longer than human life spans but they like the High Council are now dependant on machinery for bettering their life due to suffering from medical problems. There’s a possible third person who could have the deathless state but he has yet to out live his species’ life span and is being closely monitored.”
He nodded his head as Barry paused figuring out that the male was Ajax himself as the Builder gave him a narrowed eyed look expecting him to say something. 
Jinks spoke recalling Janel flashing in his mind “I guess I’m lucky I’ve lived as long as I lived but sometimes it’s a curse due to seeing people I love grow old in front of me and knowing that they won’t live long as I wish them to do. I knew such a person doing that. I had a close relationship with one female for years due to fathering two children through her and seeing her die in front of me makes me sad that she’s not around. I sometimes miss her from time to time.”
He paused to see Barry’s expression remained the same which he added “Also seeing this close relationship with a female happen again with my wife Katherine took some getting used to. Too bad the High Council couldn’t let her live till old age which I’m still smarting from that stunt they pulled having her die of some medical condition instead of letting her live her normal life span harrumph.” 
He folded his arms as Barry spoke “Actually what do you know of a race called Charon?”
He stiffened hearing Barry’s words as the Builder continued talking “The High Council at the time managed to have a dialog with the Charon. The species complained about not having any females for producing offspring and that they were living through manoids by possession which resulted in the manoid having some sort of power abilities. The High Council ordered the Charon to quit the possessing by assuring them of a female which they sensed in your wife Katherine from tests and made sure her life was shortened so that the Charon would acquire her. Your wife at death became a Charon which the species quit their possession only to start it up again but they quit for good when one of them passed away abruptly killed by you. The Charon in response has stopped the possessing but is currently hanging around the city doing spying work on whoever keeps their word on giving them a female due to that females are in short supply.” 
He exhaled a breath as Barry paused to give him a narrowed eyed look expecting him to say something. 
He spoke “Why couldn’t the High Council right out admit what they figured out what Katherine was instead of letting me believe that they manipulated her to have her die?”
He frown feeling himself sad hitting him as Barry spoke “I’m sorry, Jinks. The High Council wasn’t thinking of your feelings when they did this to you. I suspect that they were trying to get the Charon to serve them hence they granting the female request.”
He groaned to feel his knees weak kneeled on the floor as tears spilled from his eyes which he rocked his form wailing out cries of anguish. He felt a hand on his shoulder gently gripping him as he cried and then sensed a light show but continued crying tears till they stopped coming and he slid to the floor curling into a ball shutting his eyes willing himself to sleep despite the sadness hitting him. 

Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who hugged him as he groaned out “Katherine.” 
Jinks felt Lance’s hands rubbing his back as he kept his hands to himself figuring that his father wouldn’t like him touching him and would halt the hugging. He groaned out wailing noises as Lance continued to hug him followed by his father releasing him to force his eyes shut and he felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the sound of the alarm clock rolled over while feeling himself in bed and curled into a ball allowing himself to remain sleeping. 
He felt a headache and heard a male voice speaking “Daddy.”
Jinks ignored the voice as it continued to speak “Daddy, don’t. You’re doing what the High Council want. You suffer in pain to be too busy to lead others in their battle against the High Council.”
Jinks opened his eyes as the voice stopped followed by the headache stopped being felt. He rolled over on his back and forced himself to sit up rubbing a hand on his face covering his eyes. He felt pressure on his lap followed by a furry head rubbing the bottom of his chin which he sensed belonged to Missy as the rubbing continued. Jinks removed his hand to feel for Missy feeling for her back which went up underneath his hand’s rubbing movements followed by it arching. He sighed figuring out that he had someone dependant on him to live and that someone was Missy his cat who was reminding him of her presence and her dependence. He again sighed as Missy gave up a meow sounding happy followed by her walking off his lap which he saw her sit on her haunches to wash the side of her body with her tongue. He sighed and got up from the bed walking to the bathroom thinking that he’ll shower and change his clothes. 

Jinks came out of the bathroom feeling himself better from the shower and dressed in clean clothes while wearing the bullet proof vest underneath his shirt along with his hair brushed. He sighed to pause from walking searching for Missy only to feel her face rubbing his ankle. He bent down and lifted her up and straightened his form cradling Missy to him and sensing no resistance from her but her purring. Jinks held Missy close to him feeling himself much better holding the cat cradled her to his chest and went to the bedroom doors opening one of them with a hand. He saw Bill looking relieved to see him by the expression on the butler’s face as he walked out. 
Jinks paused from walking to face the butler and spoke “Anything I missed that I should know of?”
He frowned as Bill spoke “Ah nothing that I was ordered to say to you.”
He frowned further sensing an edge in the butler’s voice thinking that Bill was hiding something heard Lance speak “Don’t pursue the matter, Jinks. The information will come out once you’re recovered from your breakdown in the gym room.” 
He exhaled a breath as Lance became silent which he spoke “Fine Bill. Go do what your required to do while I go eat breakfast.” 
Jinks saw Bill nod his head and fade from view which he walked to the dining room and found a tray holding food in dishware. He felt Missy squirm in his arms figured that she wanted to be put down. He obeyed to her squirming to place her down on the floor on her four paws and rubbed her back then went to the table sitting down in a chair. Jinks felt himself terribly hungry gobbled up all of the food and gulped down the drink till there was nothing left. He sighed once finished with nourishment pushed the tray back along with the chair and felt Missy get on his lap which he looked down eyeing her tummy sit with claws felt digging in his thighs. He sighed and placed a hand on her back and heard her meow in a tone sounding like she didn’t want to be petted. Jinks again sighed and removed his hand to put it on his cheek while having an elbow on the chair’s armrest. He heard a chair scrape sound looked off his left to see Meritania sit down which he eyed the Highlander. 
Meritania spoke “The three others Barry was referring to was he, the other you know of named Alexei Zesky and the third your son Ajax.” 
He frowned as Meritania continued to talk “The High Council is aware of Alexei being the leader of the Builder group the Hammer and were planning on assassinating him by having you do the job. Unfortunately someone else detected by the Meritanians keeping an eye on Alexei got to him and managed to hurt him enough for him to require intense medical care that he’s now dependant on medical devices to help him live painless as possible.”
He nodded his head as Meritania paused followed by the Highlander continuing speaking “The High Council called off their assassination plans after what happened to Alexei was confirmed by various sources after hearing it said by the Meritanians. The group from sources appears to have dropped the assassination plot against Alexei which others aren’t sure if they will take it up again but it seemed that their not interested in pursuing it at the moment from observing them.”
He frowned forming it on his lips as Meritania paused to cock his head then added “Why are you still hurt from the death of Katherine?”
Jinks stiffened hearing the question sighed and spoke “She was my mate, someone who I was very fond of.” 
He frowned to hear Meritania speak “Are you sure of that? There’s something you’re not acknowledging again.” 
He groaned to place hands covering his eyes shutting them as a memory of Janel’s death came to his mind along with his reaction to her passing at a different location from her deathbed location.
Jinks spoke in a groaning tone “There was a female before Katherine too many years ago that I was having a close relationship with enough to be very fond of her. Her getting old and passing away in front of me have me feeling poorly from that which I guess I tried to find a substitute in Katherine hence me reacting badly to her death.”
He heard silence as his answer removed his hands opening his eyes to find Meritania gone from the room according to his senses which he felt Missy off his lap sighed to get up and heard an order to practice karate from Lance sounding in his mind which he obeyed going to the gym room. Jinks once inside the gym room sat down and did his stretching exercises then swung himself up and began doing his familiar karate movements finding himself feeling much better from doing the Kata. He once done sighed to rub a hand on his head and removed his hand to turn to the doors finding them the same as usual with Missy peeking. He went to the open door opening it wider to allow him to walk out and shut it behind him. He eyed Missy who went to him rubbing her face on his ankle followed by running in the opposite direction of his bedroom which he figured that she wanted to do something else than sleeping. Jinks sighed and recalled his book went to the library opening the doors to find Barry inside sitting in a chair with a frown look on the Builder’s face. 
He shut the doors behind him and stood with arms folded staring at Barry who spoke “Hmm appears you recovered from that breakdown you had. Sorry I had a hand in that.” 
He nodded his head towards Barry who kept talking “Alright I admit it that the Meritanians detected a Mesan’s Curse who did the deed to Alexei. The plants claim that the one who did the job was Alexei’s father which the High Council has expressed interests in contacting. Unfortunately the Mesan’s Curse transported himself off planet to some place else to some world the Meritanians say belong to some species called Rakcar from seeing it in the male’s mind.”
He frowned as Barry continued talking “From what I heard the High Council don’t have planetary control of the Rakcar’s home world due to that the species has resisted their attempts to control them along with meeting resistance from other species living there that hate the group very violently.”
Jinks wordlessly went to sit down as Barry paused which once sitting he twisted his form to face the Builder who shifted his head towards him. 
Barry spoke “I have managed to ask the Meritanians for a reason why Alexei’s father would hurt Alexei as his son which I’m told that the father is angry at his son for ruining his life and dumping him on some primitive planetary world that he had to learn to live to survive on. The father from mind scans suffered a terrible injury that put him in some sleeping state that made him appear dead to others which he healed from it and woke up to find himself given an opportunity to return to his home, the Rakcar’s home world which he took it. Unfortunately the father targeted his son Alexei and was thinking of targeting another son before he transported off Shadan.” 
He adjusted his arms as Barry paused to clear his throat then the Builder continued to talk “Ah the High Council are interested in contacting this Mesan’s Curse from historical documents saying that the species don’t normally hurt each other due to having some unspoken law code. They wanted to know more about this Mesan’s Curse but he transported off Shadan by himself before the Meritanians could talk to him who they informed the High Council of the situation and what they gleaned from the male’s mind.” 
He frowned to nod his head as Barry stood up and added “I’m wanted back due to the High Council requesting my presence.” 
He watched as Barry disappeared in a flash of light which he sighed loudly. Jinks shifted to lean back in the chair which he eyed the table next to him and found his book there. He picked it up and figured that he’ll attempt to finish the book. Jinks read the book till he finished it which he figured to himself that there was more to the story judging by the ending hinting that. Jinks got up and went to the bookshelves to look for more books by the author. He found the books and put away his read book then examined the other books to find others were in the story theme of the book he just read and finished which he examined and figured that they were a series. He took out the book he figured was next in the story series and went to the chair only to pause from walking when hearing a knocking sound on the doors followed by them opening and a throat clearing noise heard. 
Jinks looked at Bill standing in the open doorway who spoke “It’s time for your required meal.” 
He exhaled a breath to place the book on the table then bobbed his head towards the butler then walked out passed him to take a route to the dining room which he took and once inside found a tray holding dishware full of food. He sighed and sat down and took his time eating the food but gulped down the drink. Jinks got up and paused to notice a picture frame hanging on the wall which he went to it on a closer inspection. He saw a familiar male wearing a suit and a tie in it while having short black hair and gray streaks in it. Jinks stiffened recognizing the male as Roosevelt Knight. Jinks recalled to himself being told of Roosevelt speaking lies about him to his children Lance Knight and Lizette who confronted Jinks himself of one of the lies related to Janel their mother. He recalled, feeling anger arriving, that his father had to interfere telling off the children that Jinks himself was the vessel of Lance Richard himself which got the children to back off on confronting him of the lies Roosevelt told them. He felt his anger take control raised his left hand and angrily brought a fist into the picture frame to see the glass around it smash apart as part of the frame split in two from his fisting and falling to the floor. 
He snarled out a growl as he heard Bill’s voice speaking “Excuse me your hand needs to be examined for glass shards.”
Jinks didn’t comment as he felt a hand on his right arm gripping him and pulling which he didn’t resist to the pulling followed by pause of a door knocking sound heard then he was pulled again and brought into the kitchen. He felt himself still angry didn’t resist as Bill brought him to the table in the kitchen and forced him to sit down while letting go of his arm. He placed his right hand over his eyes shutting them while growling an angry sound loudly. He felt his fisted hand picked up and placed on the table and heard sounds of whispering but didn’t pay attention to the words. He continued to growl noises overlapping the whispering as hands feeling gloved examined his left hand still fisted and he felt metal picking at the skin where he fisted the picture frame.
He felt his mood fouler when he heard Ramses’ voice sounding in his mind “Sorry can’t transport Horus at the moment. He’s not in a good frame of mind for talking plus he’s busy getting some medical aid for his hand. He was seen throwing his hand fisted in some object called a glass picture frame and wound up pieces of it in his hand along with some injury from the fisting. You have to wait till the medic is done examining him first then I’ll do the transporting job.” 
Jinks felt the headache stop as he sensed the metal stop picking at his hand followed by feeling gauzy cloth cover the areas where the metal picked it along with a familiar glove wrapped around his hand. Jinks heard a command from Lance to hit the gym room which he heard Bill order him to hit the gym room. Jinks removed his hand opening his eyes and got up walking out of the kitchen speed walking to the gym room. He yanked open the doors and stared at Barry inside that was frowning. 
Jinks spoke with sarcasm while feeling angry “Let me guess the High Council sent you to check up on me?”
He glared at Barry who still frowned as the Builder spoke “Just stretch and do some karate and hit the punching bag while you’re at it. It should help you with your mood at the moment.” 
He obeyed to fall into a perfect side split and heard both Barry and Lance in his mind yell at him to not do that move unless it was an emergency period. Jinks exhaled a breath ignored them both went into his stretching exercises then swung himself up and found Barry had moved to a corner which he went into his Kata finding his angry mood going away. He went to the punching bag and mindful of his left hand only punched with his right hand while doing kicking and footing movements of karate on it. Jinks felt his mood no longer foul halted his attack on the punching bag to turn and stare at Barry with arms at the sides. 
Barry he stared at spoke “I heard something going around the High Council’s base about putting you in a tube while awake then trying some new method on you while you were in it. Not sure what’s up with that but that’s what I heard.” 
He frowned to blink his eyes to discover himself floating in pinky colored water which he brought a hand forwards and met glass that seemed cylinder to him which he heard a loud humming sound followed by an eerie scream sound that made the humming stop. Jinks squinted through the water to peer through the glass seeing nothing much but fuzziness as the eerie scream sounded again. Jinks saw the scene changed and found himself grabbed by familiar hands while feeling wet all over. He felt annoyance seeing that he was in the High Council’s throne room and restrained by their hawk head guard servants. 
He felt himself annoyed thinking to himself “What stunt did the High Council do to me this time that wound up not working?”
He heard nothing from Lance as he glared at the High Council to hear Shad speak sounding with sarcasm “So you survived the procedure according to the test results done.”
Jinks spoke sounding annoyed “What procedure are you talking about?”
He stared at the High Council as he heard Onya spoke “The procedure was to have your body destroyed while in a specialized cylinder tube filled with some kind of chemical that was tested to destroy manoids’ bodies. The test worked on three species, Human, Highlander and Mesan’s Curse all separately that you have in your First One body. We’re still testing to determined why you’re survived that chemical anyway Anybus knock him out now.” 
Jinks growled an annoyed sound as Anubis walked into view and started hitting him on the head with his staff which he felt sleepiness shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to find himself lying on a bed wearing nothing on his form but cloth was wrapped around his middle covering his sensitive part. He jerked open his eyes lurching up to discover he was back in his penthouse bedroom with night vision flaring in his eyes sight which he glared at the clock finding it blaring the time of nine o’clock at night. Jinks got up thrusting aside the cloth and went into the bathroom heading towards the shower. He showered scrubbing himself with soap and shampoo very thoroughly then allowed the water to rinse him off of the substances. He examined his left hand seeing that it looked healed but had hint of soreness in it while it didn’t have anything covering the area. He exhaled a breath thinking a question of what happened to him after Anubis knocked him out. He heard nothing from Lance exhaled a breath to walk out of the shower and grabbed a towel off the warming rack which he dried himself then eyed the sink counter to find clothing folded on it, he examined to discover that they were his pajama pants and he put on his form. Jinks walked out of the bathroom to hear a meow sounding from his bed which he saw Missy tummy sitting in her cat bed on his bed and looking at him with some look that suggested that she was worried about him. He sighed went to the bed to see the cloth he took off his form was appearing to be a large towel which he went to and yanked it off the bed and hauled it to the bathroom. He threw it inside the bathroom then walked to the bed yanking back the blankets and got inside lying on his side and threw the blankets over his head shutting his eyes. 

Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who appeared to be smirking. 
He frowned as Lance spoke with some smirk in his tone “It’s a shame that the High Council have refused to quit their stunts of assassinating you when it’s obvious that you’re not easily killable despite no mater what they did to you.” 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Lance continued speaking “Oh you surviving that chemical bath poison were from me surviving a similar incident like that and apparently developing some immunity to it. That’s from being pushed into a pond holding that substance while fighting with people. I got sick from the substance as in having some terrible coughing ailment but healed enough to survive and discovered that I developed some immunity to it from again being thrown into a similar pond like it from another fight.”
Jinks shifted his eyes towards the Meritanians appearing to be eavesdropping as Lance paused which he spoke “The Meritanians will blab this to the High Council who will have some angry fit about it.”
He shifted his eyes towards Lance who spoke sounding sarcastic “Don’t worry about the Meritanians, worry about what is important to you such as yourself.”
He frowned hearing Lance’s comment as his father forced his eyes shut which he felt himself passing out unconscious.

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare in his ear. He jerked opened his eyes to find himself squatting while having manacles on his wrists, arms held above him. He stood up and eyed the manacle on his right wrist to see wires jutting from it appearing to be going towards him which he sensed an object on the back of his neck. He exhaled a breath to discover he was wearing clothes and shoes on his form. Jinks felt the familiar sensation of being filmed sighed to shift his eyes up to see the familiar round ball was still sticking in the ceiling. He exhaled a breath thinking to himself what caused the restless natives of the building to restrain him again. He forced himself to lean back eyes on the camera dome figuring that his calmness would be rewarded as in being freed from the restraints. He stiffened as his anger rose within him abruptly till boiling enough to feel a rage episode coming on and felt himself passing out as the rage episode took control. 

Jinks came to feeling himself irritated while jerking open his eyes finding himself still restrained while in a squat position. He exhaled a breath and straightened up his form to lean back against the wall feeling the irritations hitting him whom he figured that he was drugged and his body wanted him to get the drug out of his system. Jinks leaned back against the wall with head up touching it and frowned as he sensed himself stared at shifted his head towards the humming gate to find a male Highlander with a glare on his face while wearing an uniform and gun in hand staring at him. Jinks frowned as the Highlander continued to glare at him before walking out of sight. He looked away to stare at the camera while sensing a terrible urge hitting him which he figured it was to kill something willed the Master through to find the urge gone. He quickly willed the Master away from him to lean his head back against the wall as he continued to stare at the camera. He again found himself stared at sensed the Highlander was back willed the Master through to look at the male standing behind the gates a glare still on the species’ face. He glared back as the Highlander walked out of sight which he leaned his head back to again eye the camera while willing the Master away from him. He shut his eyes and continued to will himself to be calm while feeling his irritations. He grimaced as he felt a charge of pain hitting him from the object in the back of his neck but continued to keep his eyes shut while leaning back. He again felt the charge over and over jerked open his eyes to find the pain charges stopped. He exhaled a breath panting from the pain vibrating through him as he figured that someone set off his pain restraint as a way of telling him to open his eyes. Jinks leaned against the wall and again felt himself stared at followed the familiar urge hitting him then the staring stopped. 
He spoke out loud “Would you kindly switch guards? That Highlander is irritating me by mentally giving me urges to kill which I have to use my mental abilities to will away that emotion and it’s bothering me.” 
He heard nothing but silence as his answer mentally ordered for the Master through only to feel a charge of pain hitting him that he halted the ordering. He exhaled a breath feeling the urge he sensed was to kill something take hold within him and figured out that whoever restrained him wanted him to assassinate someone. He groaned while leaning back eyes on the camera dome as the restraints were abruptly off him. He stood up as the scene changed to show him standing in a room appearing to be a bedroom with a figure lying on the bed sideways covered entirely by the blanket with night vision running through his eyes sight. He mentally willed the Master through only to feel a charge of pain hitting him which he reached behind him feeling more charges of pain hitting while grimacing to grab the device on the back of his neck and yanked it out crushing it. He exhaled a breath feeling the charges stop followed by the Master bursting through which he dropped the device down on the floor and felt the urge to kill stop. He exhaled a breath to stare at the figure lying in bed as he looked around the room seeing it appeared to be one of the medical rooms in the Zeskaya hospital from the looks of it. He sighed and rubbed the back of his neck as he stared at the figure lying in bed hearing labored deep breathing. He felt annoyance hitting him as he felt a compulsion to go to the figure and remove the blanket off the person’s face which he obeyed doing it gently not to wake up the figure. He stared at with shock seeing Alexei Zesky’s face with eyes closed and face in a grimace. 
Jinks mentally thought to himself “The High Council want me to assassinate him but I’m not doing it.” 
He gently lowered the blanket covering Alexei’s face and stepped back from the bed as stared at the male and blinked his eyes to find himself in the High Council’s throne room again restrained by Hawk head guards. 
He growled out “You had me sent to assassinate Alexei Zesky while he was down having a medical condition. I don’t find this amusing.” 
He heard in response was Shad speaking “Ramses, put Horus to sleep now.” 
He felt sleepiness growled angrily and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feel a hand shaking him on the shoulder while feeling a small body lying sideway on top of him. He jerked open his eyes to stare at a male he saw leaning over him that took him a moment to recognize as Ajax frowning while seeing the ceiling was fenced with lights shining behind them. Jinks frowned as Ajax put a finger to his lips before straightening up his form and folded his arms while appearing to be staring at something below his face. He exhaled a breath sensing a small body lying on top of him asleep from the stillness but sensed breathing felt. He figured to himself that the small body was Jixi, Ajax’s son and thought adding to himself what the High Council was thinking of having Jixi imprint on him. 
He frowned as he heard from Lance “Actually the High Council figured out that Barry was lying when he said the imprinting thing and that he was trying to get Ajax and Jixi away from you which he has balked saying why to the group. The Meritanians say that the lie was said to keep Ajax more interested in caring for his son due to knowing my lesson I was trying to teach your son who has appeared to get it but has reacted on the negative side towards my teaching.”
He frown hearing nothing from Lance but saw Ajax’s eyes shift towards him with them narrowing followed by hearing in his mind “I know Predecessor talked to you and believe me I’ll find out what he said to you.” 
He felt the headache stop as he thought of sign language only to hear Lance speak “Actually Highlanders for some reason hate hand language and don’t like using it, their not fluent in it due to their dislike.” 
He exhaled a breath to again hear silence from Lance followed by Ajax’s voice sounding in his mind mentally repeating his words he said before indicating of detecting Lance talking to him and will find out what was said. He sighed softly as Ajax stopped mentally speaking to him followed by his son’s eyes shifting to Jixi lying asleep on him with some look in his eyes. It took Jinks a moment to figure out the look was fatherly love towards the kid lying asleep on top of him. He mentally checked his senses to sense he was lying on a mattress with head on a pillow as Ajax walked out of sight and heard a scrape sound of a chair adjusting which he figured that his son went to sit down. He breathed deeply through his nose and figured that he’ll will the Master away and then sleeps just to get some rest. Jinks willed the Master away sensing nothing from the kid then shut his eyes and willed himself to sleep finding himself passing out unconscious.

He dreamed of Lance glaring at the Meritanians which he eyed the plants to see them having heads bowed then looked at his father. 
He spoke “Spill it Father, what did the Meritanians blab this time?”
He got an all black eyed glare from Lance followed by a shushing sound which he turned to face the Meritanians to sense a light show off his right. He looked to see Ajax with a glare on his face standing there with arms folded. 
Jinks spoke “The Meritanians are busy with something that has my father annoyed.” 
He heard a harrumph sound from Ajax as he heard Ramses speaking “Actually Horus is with Ajax and his offspring at the moment. Offspring has been throwing tantrums aimed at his father which the kid calmed down once Horus appeared unconscious in front of them. The offspring at the moment has his mind set that he doesn’t approve of your attempts to assassinate Horus hence his angry behavior towards his father when Ajax tried to tell him your point of view in this situation.”
He shifted his eyes towards the Meritanians who continued to have heads bowed which he frowned watching them. 
He again heard Ramses speak “Actually threatening harm to Ajax to get Jixi to cooperate with your views isn’t going to work due to that the offspring is somehow aware of that method you did to others. Also Jixi would rather have his father get hurt than support you with your war against Horus.”
Jinks frowned hearing the Meritanians’ words as he recalled hearing a voice in his mind telling him to wake up and fight the High Council while recovering from a breakdown about Katherine. He figured to himself that the voice was Jixi communicating to him but felt himself confused as to why the kid would support him instead of being supporting towards the High Council despite being raised by one of them. He frowned as the Meritanians raised their heads all grimacing then frowning when they appeared to see Ajax standing next to him. 
He spoke “What else have you been telling the High Council?”
Jinks felt disgust hit him figured it was from Lance as he heard his father’s voice sounding disgusted “Just babbling things they think is interesting for the High Council to know.” 
He frowned as he heard Ajax speak sounding annoyed “You want to explain what you have been doing to my son to hate the High Council?”
He looked at Ajax who appeared to be glaring at Lance which he heard his father speaking “Ajax where did you come up with this theory? I’m not doing it, its Jixi doing it himself.”
Jinks stiffened as he heard an edge in Lance’s voice tone which he figured that his father was hiding something as Ajax’s eyes became more narrowed with face becoming more glaring. 
He spoke shifting to look at the Meritanians who’s eyes were narrowed with glares on their faces “Don’t tell me that Jixi has some sense aimed at me that cause him to like me enough to want to help me with things against the High Council.” 
He eyed the plants to hear Ajax speak with annoyance in the tone “Yeah right. Jixi has refused to let himself be scanned by Highlanders even when asleep by using his power abilities to block attempts to scan him. He has resisted being scanned since he turned one cycle year old and has been using his powers very violently on people including me when he’s furious about something he refuses to explain why he’s angry.”
Jinks frowned hearing Ajax’s words as he felt his eyes forced shut.

Jinks came to feeling a small hand patting his cheek which he jerked open his eyes to see a child’s face that reminded him of Ajax staring back at him along with black hair and ears that looked like they were partially cut off.
He frowned as he felt a headache followed by a male child’s voice mentally speaking in his mind “Daddy, Papa bad.” 
He frowned hearing that as the kid’s voice continued speaking “Papa not smart in thinking like Daddy is.” 
Jinks eyed Jixi who yawned then laid his head on his chest and appeared to have fallen asleep. Jinks frowned sensing sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious only to come to with a jerk sensing mouths all over him that reminded him of Tee Dees while hearing sucking sounds. He jerked open his eyes to see a forest jungle in his view of daylight shining along with feeling the sucking of Tee Dees on his form as he felt himself lying on the ground. 
He snarled out a growl mentally speaking “The High Council, I’ll kick their seat for this stunt.” 
He felt sleepiness struggled against the feeling only to feel it persisted and felt himself passing out to find himself standing in a forest with eerie green light shining above that bothered him. His feet walked in the forest of their own that annoyed him till he reached a cliff over looking a forest of trees only to feel a hand Human like grab his arm and yank him backwards further into the forest halting in a clearing then let go which he spun around to stare with shock seeing a blond Shadonian in a female form. 
Jinks frowned as she spoke “Moorra.”
He heard the firmness in her tone spoke “I was warned not to say that word.”
He heard her speak “Actually that’s what we call your kind.” 
Jinks nodded his head in a short bob as she reached out a hand and touched him on the forehead muttering in gibberish that made him think it was foreign language then she forced his eyes shut as he heard a siren sound. 
He heard voices talking overlapping and frowned as one voice loudly spoke in a male tone “Attention everyone!”
Jinks continued to listen as voices stopped followed by the male voice speaking “Take a look at what the High Council did to your imperial majesty. They ordered the Meritanians sentient mind walking plants that lived in the ocean to use their transporting powers to transport the Emperor to one of the islands in Australia Atoll and got water sucking gonoids answering to the name of Tee Dees to suck him nearly to death then he was tracked dumped in the ocean of King Winter’s Kingdom. The High Council made it clear that they want the Emperor dead and will do what it takes to kill him. They pulled their last stunt for this time it means war for we, Builders have declared war on the High Council and will see that they are taught a lesson starting with assassinating them period.”
He frowned as the voice paused followed by multiple gasping sounds then the voice continued speaking “Take a good look at what the High Council did to his imperial majesty. This time High Council if you’re watching this it’ll take a lot more than a bunch of Tee Dees to bring the Emperor down who lives. If I were you High Council I’ll watch what I order to the Meritanians for we’ll be using our voice talents to get them to talk what you say to them including doing it to your servants who serve you. I warn you that whatever secret you have, High Council, we will find out and will tell the public about it. Such as saying that the High Council have been identified as a mind walking species called Highlander and yes Highlanders have the ability to read minds and are mind walkers and its them who have been responsible for doing the High Council’s work as in blackmailing people to serve them with threats of revealing their darkest secrets to people.” 
Jinks heard nothing from the voice but silence followed by a voice sounding Highlander speaking in a fearful tone “There’s significance brain activity so I say medically he’s still alive but I can’t say the same for the rest of him involving his body.”
He heard a harrumph sound followed by a male voice speaking “Just do what you can to heal him from the Tee Dees’ sucking.” 
He frown hearing the anger in the male’s voice followed by the Highlander voice speaking still using the fearful tone “Fine will do.” 
He heard nothing more only to hear a roaring noise sound came to feeling himself in his body sensing a foot kicking him in the stomach which he jerked open his eyes and blocked the foot which was withdrawn. He swung himself up to stand and found himself in the Drainers’ throne room facing the Drainer King who spoke in foreign language and frowned as the male’s words weren’t translated. Jinks felt an arm wrap around his neck which he used his karate to yank the arm off of him and spun around to face another Drainer who attacked him with hands swiping like claws. 
He heard Lance yell in his mind “Don’t kick in fighting! They are known to catch the foot and break the ankle causing terrible injury!”
Jinks frowned to duck as the Drainer attacked him which he brought a fist into the male’s chin to see him fall backwards hitting the floor on his back before swinging up throwing a metal object aimed at his head. Jinks caught the object seeing it was metal and appeared to be a crown which got the Drainer to roar angrily at him before charging towards him which he tossed the weapon aside and stood his ground. He saw the Drainer caught a metal object in his hand and attacked him swiping the object along with his free hand. Jinks felt annoyance hitting him grabbed the Drainer by the neck and lifted the male up dangling his feet as the male clawed his arm while whacking it with the metal object struggling to free himself from his grip. 
He heard foreign language spoken behind him followed by a familiar voice speaking “Says Leland will yield to you as ordered so put him down.”
Jinks obeyed to hit the floor into a drop roll and stood up in a fast motion facing the opposite direction to see the Drainer King standing in his former spot with hands in front of him which he glared at. He sensed a compulsion to punch the Drainer King in the face figured that the Meritanians were manipulating him again obeyed darting forwards throwing a fist into the male’s face and saw him fall backwards appearing to hit stairs with form going still. He heard multiple roaring noises felt sleepiness along with a compulsion to shut his eyes obeyed to the sensation only to hear a ringing noise jerked open his eyes to find himself in the High Council’s throne room restrained by Hawk head guards. He felt annoyance hitting him willed the Master through to roar an angry sound which he saw Shad and Onya’s faces turn to grimaces followed by becoming blank. He glared at the High Council as one of them got up from their chair and walked to Shad and Onya putting a hand on the shoulder of Shad then did the same to Onya before walking back to sit down. He mentally ordered his body to charge of electricity and heard squawking sounds followed by the clawed grips off his arms as he charged towards the High Council to see Shad and Onya form defensive positions with their weapons in front of them while crouching. He halted at the bottom of the stairs to see it change into a treadmill going down which he snarled out a growling sound. 
He heard Shad spoke sounding sarcasm “What are you going to do next hmm?”
Jinks heard a whining squeal to see Anubis appear between Shad and Onya with ears flat on the top of his head eyes narrowed in a glare. He eyed the device wrapped around Anubis’ neck and waved a hand mentally ordering it to cease its functions and saw a look of surprise on the gonoid head warrior’s eyes by them widening. 
Jinks spoke with sarcasm “Don’t come whining to me-“
He cut his talk when the scene changed to find himself in a familiar cell he recognized belonging to the Drainers to see Torrin standing outside the gate entrance mouth in a thin line with arms folded. 
Jinks growled an annoyed sound as Torrin spoke sounding furious “You’ll pay for the stunt you pulled on our Drainer Lord who is out in can’t be waken sleep. Mark my words you’ll pay dearly.” 
He gave up a growl as Torrin walked out of sight which he went to the bench to sit and heard a meow sound which his eyes focused on a cat sitting on the bench next to him. He stared at the cat who gave up another meow sound sounding happy to see him. 
He mentally spoke “I’m lord of the underworld ruler of gonoids.”
He paused as he recalled having a cat sitting on his chest purring which woke him up from sleeping after the alarm clock failed to do it. 
He glared at the cat and mentally spoke “Go to the Drainer King and sit on him and make him wake up from his sleep.” 
Jinks eyed the cat who gave up a meow before getting up and running out of the cell through opening in the cell bars near the floor and out of sight. He leaned back against the rocky wall eyes on the gate bars hearing them humming of electricity willing himself to be patient waiting for Torrin to return felt himself tired exhaled a breath and figured that he’ll get some sleep. He laid his form down on the bench and shut his eyes to dream of seeing Lance blocking Ajax kicking at him. He used a foot and knocked Ajax off his feet and thrust a foot on top of his son’s chest mentally ordering paralysis to hit his son’s body from the neck down. 
He heard Lance speak “Jinks kill him.” 
Jinks leaned down hands aiming for Ajax’s head who yelled “Father no!”
Jinks felt a hand grab his shoulder yanking him to stand as he saw Lance come in his eyes sight to lean down towards Ajax while hearing him speak “Don’t ever pull this stunt on me again, get it Ajax?”
He saw Ajax bob his head and watched as Lance straightened up his form to look at him while speaking “Wake him up will you?”
Jinks obeyed forcing Ajax’s eyes shut to see his son disappear in a flash of light. 
He shifted his attention towards Lance who spoke “That foolish son of yours attacked me to distract me from what was going on with you but he like the High Council are not smart when it comes to knowing about the link involving the both of us. I know what you’re thinking all the time and including seeing whatever you’re seeing when I aim myself to see through your eyes. It doesn’t matter what body position I’m in I still can mentally do this with my mind.”
He shift his eyes towards the Meritanians who appeared to be listening and jerked his head towards them which he looked back at Lance who spoke “Don’t worry about them, leave it to me.”
He felt his eyes forced shut came to hearing a roaring noise jerked open his eyes sitting up glaring at the gated bars to see no one there but continued to hear the howling noise that vibrated through him then stopped. Jinks adjusted his position to sit leaning back against the wall to hear a Drainer roar sounding in the hallway which he kept his position and waited as Torrin came into view to stand facing him. 
He kept his mouth shut as Torrin spoke sounding annoyed to him “Spill it what do you know of a gonoid that makes this sound?”
He heard a cat like meow from Torrin spoke “Just enough and by the way Humans call them cats.” 
He heard a growl from Torrin as the Drainer spoke “Don’t play me, Jinks Montreal, that gonoid was seen coming from your cell from the others seeing it while in their cells. They claim that cat you call it has been disturbing their sleep by sitting on them giving off some vibration and has made a home in your cell. So spill it what do you know of cats?”
Jinks gave up a laughing sound shocking him then he spoke in a firm tone “I’m the lord of the underworld ruler of gonoids. What I order gonoids to do they obey. Besides I know plenty about cats from caring for them myself so why should I tell you about this?”
He folded his arms to hear another growl from Torrin as the Drainer spoke “That cat was witnessed getting onto the Drainer Lord’s chest and sitting on him along with hearing some noise from that gonoid. The Drainer Lord in question woke up and appears to have suffered no affects from you punching him or him falling backwards hitting the stairs. He has ordered the cat to live but requested it be cared for which I’m asking you what do you know of cat care?”
Jinks leaned forwards unfolding his arms and spoke “What’s in it for me if I tell you what you want to know?”
He narrowed his eyes staring at Torrin whose mouth formed a thin line before the Drainer spoke “Don’t bargain with me and my people. We don’t take bargains, Jinks Montreal due to too many fools going back with their words and they paid the price with their life.”
He spoke “Interesting, Torrin. As for cat care you sure you Drainers are prepared for caring for one without the urge to suck it to death in your face?”
Jinks leaned back hearing a growling sound from Torrin as the Drainer cut the noise followed by speaking “What the Drainer Lord orders we Drainers obey. He ordered we do it. So cut your babble and talk!”
Jinks shrugged and recited information on cat care from recalling raising them only to get interrupted by Torrin yelling “Enough of this talk!”
He spoke “I told you what you want to know so repeat that to your Drainer Lord who should find it useful.” 
He again shrugged as Torrin spoke “This is nothing but babbling from a desperate Human wanting to live who’s fate is still undecided by the Drainer Lord.”
Jinks gave up a harrumph sound which got Torrin staring at him unblinkingly as he heard from Lance “Jinks, Humans aren’t known to defeat Drainers in fights. It’s Drainers known to defeat them due to Humans being weaker than them.” 
He spoke recalling his fight with a Drainer “I may be desperate but I’m not that desperate enough to lie, Torrin. I told you what you wanted to know so what you do with the information is up to you. What the Drainer Lord does to me isn’t going to be pleasant but I figure he’ll be interested to know how a simple weak Human could defeat a Drainer in a fight when their not known to do that.”
He folded his arms seeing Torrin do a double take look staring at him before the Drainer gave up a growl and walked out of sight. 
He sigh leaning back against the wall and exhaled breath thinking to himself “Hmm this should get the Drainers and their King busy thinking for awhile.”
He continued to lean against the wall felt sleepiness growled an angry sound swearing a profanity comment thinking of the Meritanians as he laid his form down and shut his eyes.

He dreamed of Lance again blocking Ajax kicking him which he stuck out a foot and knocked his son off his feet and stuck a foot on top of Ajax’s chest and mentally ordered paralysis to hit him from the neck down. 
He heard Lance snarl “Ajax, I told you to cut this stunt why aren’t you listening to me?”
Jinks bent down and glared at Ajax who showed fear in his eyes as his son spoke “I was ordered to do it.” 
He sensed that was a lie spoke “Liar, tell the truth now.” 
He continued to glare at Ajax who form an angry look and snarled “You bastard, Lance Richard, sickened my son against the High Council with all sorts of propaganda from communicating with him!”
He frowned as Ajax continued to yell “The High Council heard of Jixi’s attitude towards being scanned ordered him brought to them which they scanned him and discovered that Predecessor was communicating with him talking all sorts of propaganda against them and me as well! This crap happened since the kid was one cycle year old and now there’s intense damage done that Jixi won’t serve the High Council no matter what they say to him!”
Jinks frowned hearing Ajax’s words as Ajax gagged choking loudly which he looked straightening up his form to see Lance besides him having all black eyes and one hand fisted in front of him. 
He heard Lance speak “You shouldn’t have targeted your father on High Council orders for I made sure you paid dearly for it and that’s the price of losing your son to me. Don’t ever target your father again whether it’s by High Council orders or you’ll pay dearly period.”
He continued to stare at Lance who lowered his hand and heard Ajax’s choking stop followed by his father looking at him speaking “Make your foolish son wake up from his torture.” 
He obeyed to force Ajax’s angry eyes shut and saw him disappear in a flash of light. Jinks shifted to stare at Lance whose eyes narrowed and forced his eyes shut which he woke up hearing a roaring noise vibrating through him jerked to a standing position off the bench facing the gate fence. He saw the Drainer King standing behind the gate fence with Torrin besides him both having mouths in thin lines. Jinks folded his arms and walked up to the gate fence still humming of electricity to pause an arm length away from it glaring at the Drainers. He heard foreign language spoken from the Drainer King followed by Torrin speaking it and frowned as both Drainers appeared to be conversing with each other which he continued to glare at them. He continued to hear the foreign language sounding lengthy before the Drainer King walked out of sight as Torrin he eyed appeared to watch the Drainer Lord leave from having his head in position aimed in a direction. 
He waited as Torrin looked back at him and spoke “Drainer Lord ordered you to come to the court for him to announce his judgment on you to the others. He has made up his mind on what to do to you for that incident of hitting him.”
Jinks shrugged as Torrin gave up a growling sound followed by electricity sounds turning off and part of the gate sliding open which he walked out and went in the direction of the Drainer’s pointing finger and walked down the hallway passed gated cells. 
He heard Summeran spoken loudly in a male voice “He won’t spare your life, fellow!”
Jinks heard behind him Torrin yell “Shut up!”
He sighed and took the familiar route to the Drainers’ throne room to see Drainers acting threatening towards him by raising fisted hands in his direction as he was pushed into the room and forced to kneel a meter away from the steps facing the dais where the Drainer King sat. Jinks formed his mouth in a thin line as the Drainer King spoke in foreign language sounding lengthy without his words being translated which he stiffened as his senses behind him blares warning to feel something hard hit him on the back of his head making him woozy. He shook his head as he was hit repeatedly over and over till it stopped once he slid to the floor on his back. Jinks eyed a familiar Drainer he recognized as Leland holding a metal object in his hand standing right where he felt the hitting and figured that the male did it. He continued to lie as he heard the Drainer King speaking in foreign language followed by numerous Drainers getting into his eyes sight baring their fangs as them bent down and he stiffened feeling stinging pain in his arms and legs while hearing sucking sounds as his wooziness became more dominant followed by feelings of repeated tongue licking and spitting sounds. Jinks groaned to hear a Drainer talk sounding angry very loudly before seeing Leland throw his metal headband he assumed it was aimed at his forehead hitting him there followed by feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who spoke “Oops I forgot to mention that your bloody essence that Drainers feed on tastes awful to them. That’s from discovering that when caught in a Drainer trap and wound up with Drainers feeding which they reacted like the bloody essence tasted disgusting to them. Oh I managed to get away while they were retching up what they swallowed and they avoided drinking from me whenever I met them but their cunning in their thinking involving matters with me. Such as moving Jacinda from where I put her in another location to preserve her body which is under the care of the Shadonia and some species called Rakcar who act as keepers of the dead.” 
He frowned to nod his head as Lance continued to talk “Also Jinks, the High Council have in their possession a preserved alive Drainer named Aiden who has a hybrid Drainer Human female as his mate kept alive in one of their machines. I heard the reason why Aiden wound up in High Council hands was the Drainer King ordered his mate dead and that Drainer wanted her alive made a poor bargain with the group on keeping her alive which they did but wound up capturing him in the process and back stabbed him on their bargain-“
He was interrupted by Ramses speaking loudly “Actually on the matters involving this Dalton’s mother called Jacinda you have to ask the Shadonia for her they have her with Rakcar taking care of her body. Oh I suspect that they won’t release her without something in return so I suggest you give them this female named Maria mate of this Drainer named Aiden you have both alive in some sleeping state.” 
He growled an annoyed sound to see Lance’s eyes turn all black which he like his father turned to glare at the Meritanians seeing them all had heads bowed. 
He again heard Ramses speak “That’s something I’m sure that will get the Shadonia and the dead keepers the Rakcar to release Jacinda to you so give them that female Maria alive and they’ll do a similar bargain with you for Aiden once they hear of him from his female.” 
Jinks heard Lance give off a low growling noise quickly with speed grabbed his father’s wrists and kept an ironclad grip on them despite him trying to shake his hands off. Jinks glared at Lance and shook his head in a no gesture seeing his father looking at him whom he mentally thought of an idea hatching in his mind stared at his father to see Lance’s eyes narrow staring at him. 
He continued to stare back at Lance who mouthed which he lip read “Get your hands off of me. I know what you thought of and yes it’ll work. So remove your hands now.” 
He obeyed to see Lance fold his arms which he kept his hands to his sides ready to grab his father’s wrists as he eyed him. 
He again heard Ramses speaking “Yes you have servants living among the Shadonia who will be told of this situation and will arrange things around there for you which I’ll inform them of that as soon as possible. Anything else you like me to relay?”
He eyed Lance who gave up a loud roaring noise but kept his arms folded which he shift his eyes to see the Meritanians had their heads up with annoyed expressions on their faces. 
He heard Lance speaking “I don’t find it amusing that you’re blabbing everything I tell my son including scanning my mind without my permission so cut this crap now.” 
Jinks narrowed his eyes fisting his hands while glaring at the Meritanians to hear Ramses speak with sarcasm “Oh it’s just Lance Richard babbling again excuse us while we listen on the talk and tell you what’s said.” 
Jinks gave up a loud harrumph sound recalling his idea raised a fist aimed at Ramses and mentally ordered the Meritanian to choke seeing the plant claw his throat while having his mouth open appearing to gasp for air. 
He heard Lance speak sounding sarcastic “Well, well what do we know? Appears you can suffer from our manipulations and that doesn’t include us both making the earth shake which we know you hate that.” 
He heard from Ramses’ sisters sounding together “Gah!”
He heard Lance speaking “Jinks, would you kindly release Ramses?”
Jinks obeyed to see Ramses bent down appearing to gulp air very heavily from spying his chest heaving. 
He glared at the Meritanians as he heard from the sisters “Drat.”
Jinks twisted his form to glare at the Meritanians to thrust out a hand off his right and his head mentally ordering choking as Ajax appeared with a flash of light that looked like he was gagging by the hands grabbing his throat rubbing the area. 
He heard Lance speak “Jinks spare your son this time wills you? I’m amused by this.” 
He obeyed to lower his fisted hand to glare at Ajax who gasped before speaking during gasping “What have you been doing to the Meritanians?”
He heard Ramses speak loudly “Nothing but choking us with their powers.”
Jinks gave up a loud roaring sound aimed his fist towards Ramses as he looked at the Meritanian to feel a hand grab his hand which he saw belonged to Lance. 
He snarled out a growl glaring at Ramses as Lance spoke “Just spare them the torture Jinks and Ajax lay off trying to choke your father for it won’t work on him.” 
He frowned as his senses blared telling him what Lance said was a lie kept his mouth shut to shake his father’s hand off his fist and folded his arms. 
He shift his eyes towards Ajax who didn’t look happy but heard him speak “I knew there was something going on with the Meritanians by Ramses not answering the High Council’s question right away and hearing choking sounds very loudly.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust as Ajax continued “Father lay off torturing the Meritanians and they’ll cut the jokes they play on you. They don’t like people hurting them and they will do what it takes to spite those people torturing them. So lay off torturing the plants and leave them in peace.” 
Jinks frowned hearing an edge in Ajax’s voice sensing that his son wasn’t fully saying something which he nodded his head and shift to face the Meritanians who appeared to be glaring at him as Ramses pointed a finger aimed at him and wagged it.
He frowned to hear Ajax’s voice sounding in his mind “The Meritanians obeying the High Council is them spiting Predecessor due to him doing torture on them so don’t torture them period.” 
He spoke out loud “What will get you three to do orders by my father? Does he have to use begging?”
He heard growling noises from the Meritanians in response as he heard Lance speak “Jinks, they despise begging and will do what it takes to avoid being begged at so don’t bother doing it.” 
He exhaled a breath to hear Ramses speak his familiar question with a laughing tone which he felt his eyes forced shut to wake up spitting out salt water to find himself floating in the ocean with an island in the vicinity which he forced himself to swim to but found the water current too strong to reach as he felt himself towed away halted his swimming to keep an eye on the island. He watched it become smaller and smaller as he was floated away by the water current till the island was a dot on the horizon and disappeared from view as he looked around to find himself in open ocean water with a cloudy sky looking threatening of storms with no land in sight. 
He growled an angry sound only to hear Lance yell in his mind “Cut that anger now! You’re the Lord of the Underworld ruler of gonoids so think of what you can do while you’re in your situation smarty!” 
Jinks frowned hearing the word smarty said by Lance recalling himself never insulted by his father mentally spoke “Don’t tell me that the Meritanians are scanning you again.” 
He heard “Jinks just think of a way out of that situation you’re in and hurry up some people are getting antsy enough to do something drastic.” 
Jinks sighed and stuck his head underwater to peer below him seeing nothing but darkness which he brought his head out and gasped for air. 
He twisted looking around seeing nothing but open water to mentally speak “If the Builders are so caring towards me why aren’t they ordering the Meritanians to transport me out of this situation?”
He heard from Lance “Hurry up Jinks and think.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath recalling himself mentally ordering a cat to do a job for him mentally yelled “I order you to come here and transport me to land now!”
He shifted around looking around the ocean seeing nothing in view only to feel vibrations of water moving underneath him which he stuck his head underwater to peer seeing bubbles going up from something in the darkness. He stuck his head above the water to gasp for air then again stared underwater repeatedly doing the heading out of the water to breathe and sticking it in the water to look as he saw something appearing to be a shape rising to meet him. Jinks frowned watching the shape became clearer as it neared the light to widen his eyes seeing it appeared to be a large submarine that was rising towards him in a slow movement. He recognized the submarine as one belonging to the Humans in the group called Navy to see a mainland flag design on part of it as it rose meeting him till his feet touched it and he felt himself rise out of the water as the thing moved till it stopped which he looked around searching for an entrance. He saw part of the submarine pop open followed by a male form wearing some wet suit with face covered come out pointing a gun with a large arrow attached to it aimed at him. Jinks frowned staring at the male sensing a headache and felt the headache stopped which he figured that the male was a Highlander who fired the gun aimed at his chest. Jinks jerked as his left hand caught the large arrow and threw it at the Highlander aiming for the male’s shoulder and saw it hit home making him fall to the ground backwards groaning loudly. Jinks eyed the opening to see two figures in identical clothing as the male come out with guns pointed at him. He frowned as one of them helped the male into the opening then went inside as the other backed up going inside shutting the door shut. 
He exhaled a breath to hear a female voice yell in his mind “Get in the water now!”
Jinks obeyed running off the submarine to dive into the water to meet a pod of gonoids swimming around which he recognized as dolphins as one indicated him to grab a fin of a companion which he obeyed and felt himself towed through the water on the surface and breathed the air deeply. He eyed the submarine to see lightening from above flash hitting part of it repeatedly over and over till he heard a loud unidentified sound that made him think of death and watched the thing sink under the water in a fast motion as he was towed away by the dolphins. 
Jinks frowned to look around and mentally spoke “Where in Shadan am I?”
He heard nothing from Lance mentally yelled his question only to hear “Busy don’t disturb.” 
He groaned figuring out that the Meritanians were scanning Lance’s mind again judging by his words. He continued to look around as the dolphin towed him through the water that remained moving with waves washing over him as he continued to force himself to breathe the air. He adjusted his hold on the dolphin to as it began to rain hard making it hard for him to see where the gonoid was towing him that seemed lengthy as it rained. 
He groaned as he felt the towing stop followed by hearing a female voice speaking in his mind “Reach out with your free hand for the rope and grab it.” 
He reached out with his left hand and felt a ropy object in it which he gripped and grabbed it with his right hand forcing himself up to feel a metal wall which he used his feet to walk on it while pulling on the rope as it rained. He continued to do it till the rope ended and he felt a hand grab his arm yanking him up over a railing onto a metal floor which he laid panting for breath to see the hand’s owner was a Drainer who growled an angry sound. 
Jinks spoke “Either your angry at me or someone else well why help me anyway?”
He stared at the male who again growled an angry sound as the rain ceased which he saw him bare his fanged teeth figured why he was helped. 
Jinks spoke “Oh don’t you dare feed off of me.” 
He got a growl in response eyed the Drainer who darted down placing his hand on his chest making him feel paralysis along with wooziness in his eyes sight and felt the male bite him on the throat only to lick the area and give up spitting sounds. Jinks groaned as the Drainer brought a fist into his face repeatedly while still having a hand on his chest. He shook his head from the blows only to feel them take affect as he felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Jinks dreamed of Lance to see his father again blocking off kicking from Ajax which he snarled out a growl mentally ordered his son to choke seeing it take affect by Ajax’s movements. 
He saw Lance look in his direction and spoke “The High Council mind wiped Jixi and got him to a Highlander female to be raised. Ajax is terribly upset about that a pity.” 
He nodded his head and continued to choke Ajax as he again heard Lance speak “Oh free your foolish son and wake him up while your at it.” 
Jinks obeyed releasing the choking on Ajax and forced his son’s eyes shut to see him disappear with a flash of light. He shifted to stare at Lance who forced his eyes shut. 

He came to hearing a roaring sound vibrating throughout his body which he jerked open his eyes feeling a foot connect with his chest holding him down on the floor. He glared to see the familiar Drainer Leland had his foot on his chest holding him down while sensing that he was back in the Drainers’ throne room by the multiple growling noises sounding around him. He heard a familiar voice speaking loudly sounding like Shad before hearing the name Alex in a firm tone before speaking foreign language which he figured was the Drainer King. 
Jinks frowned as Torrin’s face came into view speaking “Says you’ve proven harder to kill by surviving being dumped into the ocean and having bloody essence that makes Drainers disgusted.”
He opened his mouth to speak only to see Leland raise a fist growling loudly while having it aimed at him which he shut it to see the Drainer lower his fisted hand. 
Jinks felt annoyance hitting him spoke as Leland raised his fist “The High Council know that the Shadonia with others have Jacinda and are planning an exchange for her.” 
He saw Torrin restrain Leland by putting a hand on the Drainer’s fist while speaking foreign language which he figured was translating his words. 
He heard foreign language spoken followed by Torrin speaking “Says where you learned this information?”
He spoke “From my father Lance Richard eavesdropping on the Meritanians’ talk to the High Council mentioning it.” 
He again heard Torrin translate his words followed by foreign language sounding angry eyed Torrin to see the Drainer grimace but didn’t translate what was said as the words sounded lengthy. 
He eyed Torrin who spoke during a break in foreign language “Just wish you had admitted that Lance Richard was your father which explains some things about you. Plus none of this trouble would have happened if you had admitted that in the first place.”
He exhaled a breath to hear foreign language spoken along with Torrin’s name that looked away speaking in foreign language followed by cutting his talk off. Jinks frowned listening to foreign language spoken scattered around the room from various Drainers followed by the familiar voice of the Drainer King speaking loudly then continued lengthy. 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Torrin looked at him as the foreign language stopped while speaking “Says by confirming that you’re the son of Lance Richard you proved that the Meritanians were manipulating you to punch me due to being aware of them manipulating your father and sensing that happen to him which I sensed coming from you and figured it out why.” 
Jinks heard Lance speak sounding in his mind “Watch what you say. This situation is testy already and don’t make it worse than it is now.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as Leland removed his foot which he made a motion to get up only to see the Drainer raise a fist aimed at him. Jinks figured that he’ll keep himself on the ground lying on it as he heard the Drainer King speaking in foreign language which he eyed Torrin who appeared to be looking at him. 
He formed a frown as Torrin spoke “Says who the High Council plans to use to exchange for Jacinda?”
He spoke “I heard some female Drainer Human hybrid named Maria still alive and that they said that the Shadonia would later do an exchange for her mate a Drainer called Aiden who’s preserved alive like she is.” 
He heard Torrin translated his words followed by a roaring sound that vibrated within his body then the sound stopped as foreign language sounding like Shad’s voice spoke in a firm tone lengthy followed by the name Alex spoken and the Drainer King’s voice speaking in foreign language sounding disgusted. He frowned as he continued to hear the foreign language sounding all around him among Drainers followed by the Drainer King’s voice speaking. 
He eyed Torrin who spoke “Says what’s the High Council’s interests in Jacinda?”
He spoke “Dalton, they have him preserved alive and want to know why he’s odd due to finding out that his father didn’t have anything to do it. Their hoping to test his mother to see why he’s like the way he is.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as Torrin spoke them in foreign language then heard Shad speak sounding sarcastic followed by Alex spoken then heard the Drainer King speaking translated by Torrin “Says how did they test his father due to that he was said to disappear before the great flood came to Great Britain?”
Jinks heard from Lance “Argh you might as well tell them what I did to you involving my body and what happened to your body as well.”
Jinks inhaled a breath recounted his time having a previous body on the mainland too many years ago. He added about being caught by Highlanders who transport him to have a life in Great Britain along with going around as Lance Richard and meeting Jacinda. He continued to talk about her telling him of Lance Richard including some of his power abilities. Then later ordered out of a castle by a mysterious hidden figure which he met a High Council ship that fired at him destroying his body and he woke up in Lance Richard’s body. Jinks continued to add talking about finding out that Lance Richard was his father and taking years to finally accept the fact that the High Council destroyed his body and his father saved his life putting him in his own body. He continued to talk talking about communicating with Lance through some sleep trance who communicated with the Meritanians in some manoid forms in his presence. He added talking that the Meritanians live in an ocean area dubbed Australia Atoll by the Humans that is the High Council’s home base and that all of the Highlanders there can hear the Meritanians’ talk who have been doing orders by the High Council. That they expressed interest in him mistaking him as someone else only to realize that he was the son in the father’s body which he was tested numerous times and they figured that his body fathered Dalton and tested him finding nothing to indicate the source of the son’s oddity and want to examine the mother to see why he’s like that. He clamped his mouth shut as Torrin he eyed kept on translating followed by becoming silent. He frowned hearing Shad’s voice sounding loudly and lengthy then followed by the Drainer King speaking lengthy then stopped before starting again.  
He frowned as Torrin looking at him spoke “Says interesting tale you told which answers to some questions about you due to sensing something odd and something not making sense which now makes sense.” 
He bobbed his head in a short nod but kept himself lying on the floor as Torrin added “You want to say something Jinks Montreal?”
He heard Lance speak “Might as well let them know that I can communicate to you via mind and that I know what you think and see.”
He spoke “Lance Richard can communicate to me via mind and he knows what I think and see.” 
He heard Torrin translate his talk followed by the Drainer King speaking then the Drainer saying “Says do you, Lance Richard, know why those stinking Highlanders are interested in Jacinda?”
He heard from Lance speaking “Not really.” 
Jinks spoke “Says not really.” 
He listen waiting as Torrin spoke “Says Dalton admitted to us that he’s a mind walker and proved to be very cunning with his abilities as in getting out of being sucked by a Drainer. Were you aware of this?”
Jinks heard and repeated using the word says which he spoke “Says I’m aware of that mind walking ability from Dalton contacting my son to talk to me.” 
He heard talk followed by Torrin speaking “Says I suspect the High Council want to breed warriors with powers of your son and mind walking abilities of Dalton. Their interest in Jacinda is from breeding females having failure in producing warriors from having parts taken from Dalton and your son implanted in them. They want to know why Dalton became the way he is by examining Jacinda for possibly put a piece of her into a breeding female for breeding warriors for war.”
Jinks heard Lance growl some angry sound followed by repeating his father’s words “Says I’m aware of that due to listening to the Meritanians talk during breaks of doing the High Council’s orders. They have also been eavesdropping on my talks to my son whether it’s face to face or not and telling the High Council the contents. They can scan my mind which I can detect them doing and there’s nothing I can do to keep them out or from talking what they find within to the High Council. It was they who told the High Council what I told my son that the Shadonia have Jacinda along with discussions of arranging the exchange. I already heard them doing the exchange order to Highlander servants living among the Shadonia.”
Jinks paused from talking hearing silence from Lance which he continued to listen for Torrin’s translation in Summeran heard “Says will the Shadonia go for the exchange?”
He heard silence as his answer frowned waiting as while holding up a hand then heard Lance speak spoke Lance’s words “Says I highly doubt it that they would go for the exchange due to that finding out that Jacinda is viewed as a religious artifact of the past and very sacred to them. I think the sacred thing is related to seeing me as a deity from me helping them with their internal problems. Also their aware of that Jacinda was my mate at that time back then which I’m not sure how they found out about it.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut as the scene changed to find himself in the High Council’s throne room lifted up by Hawk head guards who’s grip on him were ironclad which he sensed that they were wearing gloves from the feel of their hands on his arms. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Well welcome back Horus. I see you had an encounter with the Drainers. Interesting lot are they with their feuds aimed at Highlanders harrumph.” 
He formed a thin line with his mouth as Shad continued talking “The Meritanians had lots to say about your conversation with the Drainers which we heard enough to request you to us. So we have something for you to do for us-“
He interrupted “I’m not doing it whatever it is or anything for you.” 
Jinks narrowed his eyes as Onya spoke “Fine then we’ll have the Meritanians transport two children of yours Robert and Victoria to us which we will do our assassinating attempts we did on you, on them just to see if they’ll die from it so chose serve us or your children suffer.”
He growled an angry sound spoke “Fine what you have in mind for me to do? Don’t expect me to like it.” 
Jinks fisted his hands as Onya spoke “Convince the Shadonia to give us the body of one Human female named Jacinda and that’s all we request.” 
Jinks spoke with sarcasm “How do you expect me to do that?”
He stiffened as the scene changed to find himself standing with night vision blare in his eyes sight in a large vast room among chattering in gibberish Shadonians looking in his direction while pointing fingers aimed at him. 
He exhaled a breath to think “What the depths is the High Council up to transporting me here?” 
He felt his annoyance took hold as Shadonians edged closer towards him till he was surrounded in a circle two arm lengths away from him with each jabbering positions towards him by them pulling on each other. He felt himself annoyed recalling religious fanatics in the Master Organization and figured that the Shadonia were doing similar behavior. He growled an angry sound loudly which got the Shadonians to halt their movements staring at him as he heard multiple gasping sounds followed by feeling pressure on his arm and a faint humming sound along with a clawed hand of a Wiser grabbing his left arm. He eyed the Shadonia to see them scatter going in different directions avoiding going in his direction. Jinks frowned as the Wiser yanked him in a direction pulling him which he obeyed to the pulling to look around while being led through the room. He saw the walls on both sides of him appeared to have boxed outlines in them with markings on them along with flowers attached and spied two see through coffin like boxes in the room as he was led towards them. He eyed them to see inside were both Shadonians a male and a female each dressed in clothes that looked fancy and figured that the room was the Shadonia’s cemetery for their dead. He felt the Wiser pull him past the boxes to an opening arch in the wall which he saw was a hallway with boxed outlines in it as he walked in it. He spotted markings on the walls with flowers attached figured that it was still the cemetery as he was led down the hallway passed Shadonians he noticed quickly got out of the way. He frowned wondering why they were doing it as he was guided through a doorway showing stairs and pulled up them which he didn’t protest to that. He continued to frown looking around as he was pulled up seeing that the stairway was metal around with night vision in his eyes sight and saw no Shadonians in there which confused him as he was pulled through a doorway entering a hallway with doors and consoles next to them in it on both sides. He frowned seeing markings on the doors that made him think they were numbers while eyeing the consoles that made him thinks it was related to a hotel judging by them looking like card slots. He met no Shadonians on the way till he felt himself halted followed by a knocking sound on the door a series of knocks sounding in code followed by a door sliding open which he was thrust through the doorway and door slammed shut behind him. Jinks looked around seeing a small room holding a double bed with dressers and lamps on them and facing him was a window which he went to peer out as he felt heard whining squeals sounds behind him along with sensing himself visible. He peered out the window seeing a large vast in height room with walls of windows and looked down to spot Shadonians sitting at tables and benches eating food which he sighed. 
Jinks frowned as he heard a Wiser’s voice sounding behind him “The High Council is foolish to transport you here.” 
He turned around to see two Wisers standing in the room with glares on their faces. 
One of them spoke “The High Council should have known that the Shadonia’s belief in you was dropping quickly like children not interested in a new toy after getting it and finding it not worthy of playing.” 
He frowned at the metaphor as the Wiser continued talking “They foolishly had you transported here in an attempt to distract the Shadonia from them trying to steal Jacinda from underneath their noses. Too bad they can’t fool the Rakcar a species who has a very suspicious nature never trusting anything without proof to back up words. The Rakcar aren’t easily fooled and don’t like Highlanders especially those servants of the High Council which they prefer to shoot guns at than talk to them.”
He folded his arms as the Wiser paused followed by the other Wiser companion speaking “Oh the Shadonia have got it in their heads to avoid us when they detect us hidden from people’s eyes and their very strong fast in that view.” 
Jinks nodded his head as one of the Wisers was abruptly in front of him inches away blowing air at him through the mouth. He frowned as he felt sleepiness shook his head and felt the Wiser lead him to the bed pushing him on it to lie down and forced his eyes shut which he dreamed of Lance. 
Lance he saw had a smirk on his face who spoke “Hah, the High Council forgot that Wisers or busybodies as referred by them hate the group and will do what it takes to talk people out of serving them. The Rakcar when they arrived here already had some hatred aimed at the High Council and that their aware of what species that group is and don’t trust Highlanders very much around the Shadonia’s home.” 
He frowned to nod his head as Lance gave off a small laugh which he jerked his head in a direction gesturing towards the Meritanians figuring that they were eavesdropping again. 
He stared at Lance who spoke in an annoyed tone looking at the Meritanians “Can’t I have a conversation around here without the contents blabbed to the High Council? Where’s my privacy anyway? I lay off torturing you but you’re still blabbing.” 
Jinks looked at the Meritanians to hear Ramses speak sounding sarcastic “Don’t blame me I got my orders period.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing that as he spoke sensing something sinister going on “Yes or no, does the High Council got weapons aimed at you and threatening to fire them if you don’t do what they ordered you?”
He saw double take looks of shock form on the Meritanians followed by Ramses speaking “Ugh yes on that.”
He heard a growling sound coming from Lance besides him as he was forced to face the Meritanians by his father and sensed a light show off his right which he looked to see Ajax looking angry.
Jinks spoke “None of that kicking aimed at my father with due respect.” 
He formed a glare at Ajax who spoke “Actually the High Council got weapons aimed at the Meritanians due to the plants saying that they have no defenses from weapons shot at them hence they being so blabby around here.” 
Jinks spoke hearing Lance give up a harrumph sound “Wouldn’t the High Council be furious hearing you tell us that?”
He stared at Ajax who spoke “Ugh they told me to tell you about that so it’s on their orders anyway.” 
He frowned to nod his head as he heard Lance speak sounding sarcastic “Oh terrific I tortured the Meritanians for nothing.” 
He heard Ramses speak “The High Council want Ajax up and awake so wake him up Horus.” 
He obeyed forcing his son’s eyes shut as he thought of something stared at the Meritanians and spoke “Why didn’t you think of using me to sabotage those weapons since I’m easily controlled by you?”
He saw them do double take looks and heard Lance spoke “Interesting idea worth pursuing but you Meritanians have to keep your mouth shut about it.” 
He saw them nod their heads followed by Ramses speaking his familiar question which he felt his eyes forced shut woke up feeling a hand shaking his shoulder jerked open his eyes to see an Annukai leaning over him. 
Jinks frowned as the Annukai spoke removing the hand from his shoulder “Who are you and what are you doing here and why can you see me?”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing the feminine voice spoke “The name is-“
He was interrupted by Lance sounding in his mind “Horus. Just say the name Horus.” 
He spoke not indicating of Lance “Horus, the name is Horus and I’m told that the Shadonia see me as some deity along with that I can see you with vision different from when there’s sunlight shining.”
He stared at the Annukai figuring was a female who spoke “Seen as a deity. Interesting but what are you doing here?”
He heard the sarcasm in the Annukai’s voice spoke “Blame the High Council. They had some people transport me here just to do some of their mischievous work which was distracting the Shadonia while they do what they want to do. Believe me I didn’t want to do it period.” 
He stared at the Annukai who spoke sounding annoyed “Suck you for being boring.” 
He frowned as the Annukai stomped away going to the wall and climbing up it which he followed her progress to see her enter a vent banging the gated entrance shut with a slam sound. Jinks got up from the bed and went to the window peering out to see Shadonians down below ignoring him watching them which he sighed out loud and heard a door slamming shut and open behind him. Jinks spun around to smell food making his stomach rumble as he saw a chair in front of a desk slide followed by a tray appearing on the desk. 
He heard a Wiser’s voice speaking “Here eat you need it for the fight ahead.” 
He obeyed to go to the chair sitting down and eyed the food seeing it looked different from the food he normally ate along with the silverware similar to Human’s silverware which he proceeded to use gobbling up the food ignoring the odd taste to it. Jinks ate everything on the plate gobbling it up then gulped down the drink recognizing it as orange juice drinking it all up. He once done stood up and stretched then sat down on the floor and did his stretching exercises finding himself needing to do it then swung himself up to stand and formed a karate pose intending to practice karate. He heard a familiar humming sound along with a hand Wiser like gripping his arm yanking him from the pose and out of the room into the hallway seeing no Shadonians on the way till they entered the familiar stairwell and went down it. He frowned as he was led to the cemetery with Shadonians darting out of the way and led across the room to another doorway which he saw was another part of the cemetery judging by the walls in the hallway as he was led through. Jinks frowned as the Wiser brought him to a large room to hear chanting sounds which he saw kneeling Shadonians gathered in a semi circle around a coffin box and halted from walking. He felt a weird feeling seeing the coffin box and eyed it scrutiny it to see it held a female figure inside which he figured was Jacinda and heard a whining squeal sound while feeling pressure stop on his arm. He saw the Shadonians appear to be ignoring the noises by them continuing to chant while kneeling as he figured that he was visible blinked his eyes to find himself in the High Council’s throne room arms grabbed by hawk head guards having their grips ironclad with gloves felt. He formed his mouth in a thin line narrowing his eyes in a glare aimed at the High Council. 
Jinks heard Shad speak “So what have you found out Ramses?”
He glared at the High Council as Ramses spoke “Just the location of Jacinda which was where you had Horus transported out. She’s in a room lying in a box surrounded by numerous Shadonians giving off noises that didn’t appear to notice Horus in the room and they ignored him when he arrived there.” 
He heard Lance speak “I doubt that they’ll ignore Highlanders arriving in the room.” 
Jinks heard Ramses speak sounding like he heard Lance echoing his words which annoyed him. 
He felt annoyance take hold as Onya spoke “Horus we have a job for you.” 
Jinks spoke “Whatever it is, it better be worth it.” 
He fisted his hands as Onya continued ignoring his words “You’re to be transported to Jacinda’s location where you’ll take her body out of the coffin box and yell for Ramses to transport you both out.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust to find himself back into the room among chanting Shadonians which he carefully tread his way among them to the box holding Jacinda to peer inside frowning seeing a female Shadonian in it instead of the Human woman. 
He mentally yelled “Ramses, Jacinda isn’t here but elsewhere so transport me out!”
Jinks waited sensing nothing from Ramses felt annoyance hit him slowly made his way passed chanting Shadonians and entered the hallway walking by Shadonians that pointed fingers in his direction which he gave up a growling sound to halt their chatter watching him pass he sensed. Jinks entered the cemetery room and stood with arms folded feeling himself annoyed with the High Council. 
He mentally spoke “What the depths is the High Council pulling this time?”
He heard nothing from Lance continued to stand with arms folded feeling himself annoyed while sensing himself stared at by Shadonians gathered in the room pointing fingers aimed at him. 
He exhaled a breath to mentally think “The behavior of religious fanatics is getting old. Plus why haven’t the Builders ordered the Meritanians to transport me to my home once they found me gone? I’m implanted with a tracking device for crying out loud and why isn’t that bringing their notice of me not home?”
Jinks blinked his eyes to find himself in the penthouse standing in the gym room to see Bill standing in the doorway looking furious by the golden eyed glare on the Builder’s face. 
Jinks spoke “About time you Builders noticed this. I’m disappointed that it took a long time to find me gone. I was told I had a tracking device implanted in my skull why isn’t that in use?”
He glared at Bill who appeared to gulp forming nervousness on the Builder’s face before the butler spoke “Sorry I’m not sure about this tracking device thing or tracking you. I was just ordered to stay away for a time period due to hearing that you had some medical condition unexplained.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust heard a throat clearing noise from Bill followed by the butler appearing to scrutiny his eyes which he again gave up the disgust sound willed the Master away from him to shrug and left the gym room sensing the male following him. 
He halted his walk and stood speaking “I need to shower and change my clothes so excuse me.”
His way got blocked by Bill who spoke “Actually there’s another matter that requires you in the dining room immediately.” 
He exhaled a breath to form a glare on his face and turned around marching to the dining room to pause seeing two familiar Builders there he recognized as Torresin standing and Sochi sitting typing on a lap top. 
Jinks went to sit and eyed Torresin who spoke “Alright the High Council is playing a wild goose chase with finding Jacinda and using you to help find her.” 
He frowned as Torresin continued to speak “I’ll tell you that her descendants currently have the body somewhere on the mainland after acquiring it from the Shadonia when they lost interests in using her as some religious object over thirty three Human years ago and are focused on a female Shadonian for the moment.”
He spoke “What have they done to Jacinda anyway?”
He stared at Torresin who spoke “Actually you should know considering your wife Katherine was a descendant of Jacinda which we traced records indicating that very carefully through various ways.” 
He stiffened to widen his eyes staring with shock running through him as Torresin continued talking “There is still no record of what happened to Jacinda’s body which we have figured that it wasn’t put down and that your son Robert should have knowledge of what happened to her due to being a descendant. Don’t you know where she is?”
He spoke “Ugh I wasn’t fully told of my wife’s family history very much along with recalling nothing was mentioned to me about Jacinda during the years I lived with Katherine while she was alive.” 
He saw Torresin’s eyes narrow before the Builder spoke in foreign language followed by getting a memory of visiting a building that was said to house the King Kensington brothers’ library in California city of Los Angeles and seeing three stone coffins in a pool of water in the middle of a courtyard with Robert next to him full grown with Samira and Victoria age eight years old. 
He stiffened as he recalled his eyes focused on the stone coffins to see one read the words “King George the lion hearted warrior.”
He recalled reading the middle coffin’s words saying “King Guard the honorable knight.”
His eyes he recalled traveled to the other coffin to read the words “Jacinda beloved sister.”
Jinks stiffened from the memory flashing in his mind to widen his eyes gasping out loud speaking “I just remembered something involving Jacinda. She’s buried in the King Kensington brothers’ library in Los Angeles, California in some stone coffin with the bodies of her brothers.”
He exhaled a breath as Torresin spoke in foreign language sounding lengthy while hearing Sochi's typing become more furious. He eyed Torresin who leaned over Sochi's shoulder appearing to peer at the lap top before speaking in foreign language sounding seriously annoyed. 
Jinks frowned to hear Lance speak in his mind “The Builders have been getting the Meritanians to throw off the High Council from searching for Jacinda. Along with that they haven’t been scanning my mind since I stopped torturing them but have been too busy doing Builder orders who is aware of Jacinda and is using the plants to send the High Council on a wild goose chase. The Builders like the High Council don’t know that Katherine contacted me just prior to her change to a Charon which I just remembered.” 
He frowned to focus his eyes on his lap stiffening from hearing him mention Katherine as Lance continued “She admitted that she had Jacinda and her brothers’ bodies examined thoroughly by a family friend in the medical field keeping very detailed records of them and then had the bodies cremated and ashes spread in the ocean like she did with her father, father’s brother and sister’s body and was planning on having that happen to herself when she was nearing the end of her life.” 
He mentally spoke “Oh what’s with the coffins there for?”
He heard “The coffins from Katherine’s conversation was just to hold the bodies of Jacinda and her brothers till the Humans were medically advanced enough to burn them to ashes fully and spread it over the ocean like they wished which has been passed down the family line preserving bodies and waiting till the day when they could cremate them to ashes and spread it over the ocean.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath to hear Torresin speaking “Something you want to admit Mr. Montreal?”
He looked up at Torresin seeing the male’s eyes were narrowed in a glare with some look in them that he figured knew something. 
He heard from Lance “Builders like Ajax can detect me talking to you. I overheard the Meritanians repeating some talk from Barry to the High Council mentioning that.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath and spoke “Katherine admitted to me that she had the bodies of Jacinda and her brothers examined thoroughly by a family friend who kept detailed records. The bodies were preserved like their descendants after them due to waiting for technology to cremate them to ashes and spread over the ocean. That’s what happened to Jacinda and her brothers.”
He saw Torresin’s face appear to have some awareness look on it along with looking not surprised to hear his words which he added “I need to remember if Katherine mentioned anything about medical records involving Jacinda’s body and her brothers to me.” 
He looked down to place his hands on the table hearing foreign language sounding and stiffened getting a memory of Alexei Zesky while at the Zeskaya hospital for testing Victoria age three for anything she could have inherited from him. He frowned as he recalled Alexei telling him that they had records of three people named Jacinda, Guard and George in their files due to doing testing on those three and their bodies and that Katherine was a descendant of them. Jinks stiffened as he remembered Alexei telling him that the records on Jacinda found that she was appearing to be Human on the outside but had a part of an a manoid species dubbed Humanian who could only see in the dark and were blinded by the sunlight which wasn’t the case with her due to her eyes tested to be Human. He continued to remember Alexei added that the brothers had similar body cases as Jacinda and that Katherine admitted to a doctor that she had part of this trait was passed down as in the ability to see in the dark. He stiffened further recalling Katherine and Robert functioned without a light when it was dark like he did over the years he lived with them. He continued to stiffen recalling that trait passed to Victoria who inherited it from him according to test results along with results saying that she had part of Zeskaya in her and an ability to detect her mind scanned. 
Jinks exhaled a breath to speak “What do you know of a manoid species that is dubbed Humanian?”
He eyed Torresin who gave up a throat clearing noise before speaking “I heard that their a Human like race that are mind walkers who can see in the dark and are blinded by the sunlight and their hair is always sun colored.” 
Jinks sighed and spoke “I recall being told of test results on Jacinda and her brothers that said that they had a part of Humanian in them but didn’t have the sunlight blindness. They had the ability to see in the dark like I’ve seen passed to Katherine and my son with her. I also have that ability too.”
He saw Torresin nod his head and then spoke “Explain the High Council’s interest in Jacinda.” 
He spoke “I’m not sure but someone opinioned that the High Council is attempting to breed soldiers who have a powerful mind walking ability along with my special abilities. I think that could explain their interest.” 
He shrugged forming a frown on his lips as he eyed Torresin who spoke “Who opinioned that?”
Jinks exhaled a breath and spoke “Where have you been with tracking me traveling all over Shadan? You would know part of the answer to that question by the tracking. What happened to that implant in my skull I’m told tracks my location?”
He formed a glare on his face aimed at Torresin who glared back at him before the Builder spoke “Actually that tracking has been detected wrecked up by hackers working for the High Council who scrambled the tracking signal along with making it appear that you were here in your bedroom recovering from a medical injury I heard related to sucking from Tee Dees. I’m surprised that you recovered so fast since it’s only been three days past since the incident happened which I know it’s medically impossible for a manoid to recover from being sucked by numerous Tee Dees.”
Jinks exhaled a breath to speak “It’s not the first time I was sucked by Tee Dees. I was targeted by them in the past and wouldn’t the High Council have some medical way of healing me due to how advanced they are with their medical technology?”
He kept the glare on his face as Torresin shook his head and spoke “The High Council is equal to Humans in medical technology and that neither has anything to contribute to your fast recovery.”
He frowned as he recalled meeting the blond female Shadonian in some forest thought to himself “Argh the Meritanians must have transported me to those blond Shadonians and they healed me quick but what’s up with helping me anyway?”
He heard nothing from Lance recalled his father telling him that the Builders could detect him talking. 
He heard a throat clearing noise from Torresin focused on the Builder and spoke “Something’s funny going around here either with me or someone figured out a way to medically heal me fast and their not broadcasting that due to the High Council would target them to share their knowledge and hide it from the Humans.” 
He shrugged to see Torresin’s eyes narrow with suspicion in them which he glared back at the Builder. He continued to glare as Torresin spoke in foreign language aiming it at Sochi who spoke in foreign language which he frowned thinking to himself what language the Builders were speaking and why they kept it up in front of him despite him not fluent in it. 
He heard nothing from Lance figured that his father would explain later as he gave up a sound of disgust spoke “What time is it anyway? I need to know what to do next once our business is done here.”
Jinks frowned as Torresin ignored his question by continuing to chat with Sochi who chatted back still typing on the lap top which he sighed and got up from the chair only to hear Torresin speak in Summeran “We’re not finished with our business here.” 
Jinks forced himself to sit down and folded his arms glaring at Torresin who he saw leaned over Sochi appearing to peer over the Builder’s shoulder at the lap top while glancing at him back and forth as he heard both continue to converse in foreign language. Jinks felt disgust take hold leaned back further into the chair and kept his eyes on the Builders who continued their chat ignoring him. He felt his mood become foul by the ignoring moved the chair back and got up only to hear Torresin repeat his words. 
Jinks spoke “Whatever and see you around.” 
He walked to the dining room entrance only to get blocked by Torresin who spoke “Sit down now.” 
He glared at Torresin who pointed a finger aimed at him and spoke sounding firm “Sit.” 
Jinks gave up a harrumph spoke “Fine but your boring me with not translatable foreign language chatter.” 
He got nothing from Torresin but golden eyes which he went to a chair and sat in it leaning back folding his arms to see the Builder was back leaning over Sochi and conversing in foreign language while still glancing from him to the lap top. Jinks continued to sit eyes on Torresin feeling himself getting annoyed with the Builders and their attitude towards him. He continued to fidget moving in the chair folding and unfolding his arms and moving his feet while feeling his annoyance turn to impatience itching for Torresin to talk to him in Summeran what was said between the Builders in their foreign language. He exhaled a breath through his mouth and looked away from Torresin to look around the room wondering where Missy went and why she wasn’t around. His eye fell on a wall holding a picture framed where he recalled there was a picture of Roosevelt Knight he smashed with his fist and got medical help for it. He eyed the picture scrutiny it to see it was holding a picture of Roosevelt Knight along with the frame looking like it was identical to the one he smashed but frowned seeing that there was no glass part in it. He felt disgust take hold swore a profanity comment very loudly and got up despite Torresin telling him to sit which he went to the picture frame and yanked it off the wall and with both hands smashed it in two ripping the picture with a lifted knee then tossed the pieces at another wall seeing them fall apart with the picture ripping some more. 
He swore another profanity comment and yelled “Bill!”  
Jinks waited folding his arms as Bill arrived which he spoke “See that the mess in the room of me destroying a picture and frame cleaned up along with its contents kept off the walls period. I don’t want to see that man’s picture on the walls around here again or I’ll keep on destroying it. I expect my orders obeyed.” 
He gave Bill a glare that appeared to gulp with nervousness in the butler’s eyes who spoke “Sorry I’m not in charge of decorating your home and its contents. You’ll have to speak with the owners of this place I’m told lent you the use of it for privacy reasons.” 
He exhaled a breath figuring that Roosevelt’s descendants ordered that picture put there due to that the man originally owned the penthouse. 
He gave up a sound of disgust and spoke “Dismissed Bill.”
He watched as Bill faded from view and heard Torresin speak “We’re not finished with our business with you.” 
Jinks snarled a growling sound feeling himself getting angry spoke “Yes we are finished. Get out.”
He gave Torresin a glare and went to the dining room entrance to hear the Builder speaking in foreign language sounding like he was using the voice talent and stiffened as a compulsion to turn around and go to a chair and sit hit him. He growled loudly felt the compulsion too strong as Torresin stopped talking which he obeyed to sit down and folded his arms while leaning back. 
He snarled out angrily “This better be good.” 
He heard nothing from Torresin to see again the Builder leaning over Sochi while conversing in foreign language and glancing at him from the lap top back and forth. 
He spoke out loud “Who the depths own this apartment anyway? I thought I own it and I don’t find it funny that I don’t.” 
He felt his mood fouler as his words were ignored by the Builders who continued their chatter. He left himself getting frustrated with the situation fidgeted in the chair along with moving his feet and adjusting his arms over and over as the Builders continued to ignore him. He felt his anger rising within him allowed the emotion to take control as he continued to sit in the chair. Jinks growled an angry nonsense sound loudly but got no response from the Builders who continued to ignore him. He felt his anger take control fisted his hands to feel a rage episode coming onto him willed it through and felt himself being put unconscious. 

Jinks came to find himself lying on a bed he felt was his own while feeling a cat sitting on his chest purring vibrations felt which he jerked open his eyes to see daylight in his eyes sight. He sensed something odd about him as Missy got off his chest walking off. He sat up and continued to feel the oddness placed a hand on his chest to feel the bullet proof vest was still on his form underneath his shirt while feeling he was still wearing his clothes and shoes. Jinks twisted to eye the clock seeing the time indicated seven forty five in the morning. He exhaled a breath and figured that he’ll go into the bathroom and shower which he got up and went inside only to go to the mirror as if compelled to stare at his eyes seeing them all black and figured that the Master was in control which he willed away seeing his eyes change to Human blue eyes. He exhaled a breath finding the oddness feeling stop frowned recalling to himself that he never had the Master in control after coming out of a rage episode. 
He shrugged to rub his head and mentally spoke “Father I hope you tell me what I did while I was out of it having a rage episode and having the source in control.” 
He heard from Lance “You’ll find out soon enough.”
He frowned but stripped himself of his clothes and shoes and got into the shower cleaning himself thoroughly with soap and shampoo along with using the water to wash him of the substances thoroughly. He sighed once done walked out to grab a towel and dried himself then placed the towel away and found clean clothes folded on the sink counter which he put on along with the bullet proof vest from the floor and familiar shoes finding the pair underneath the sink. He brushed his hair and left the bathroom to eye the cat sitting on the bed that gave up a meow sound sounding like she didn’t want to be petted which he sighed and walked to the bedroom doors yanking them open to see Bill looking relieved to see him. 
Jinks spoke “How long was I out?”
He stared at Bill who appeared to gulp with nervousness in the butler’s face who spoke “I was ordered to not to say. You have visitors in the dining room where your breakfast is there waiting for you.” 
He sighed and spoke “Fine.” 
Jinks walked to the dining room to pause seeing Torresin and Sochi there and frowned seeing both Builders appeared to be smirking by the looks on their faces. He saw food in dishware on a tray on the table went to it and gobbled up all of the food and gulped down the drink. 
He once finished pushed aside the tray and heard Torresin spoke “You went insane for two days straight along with causing a big mess for the High Council to clean up.”
He frowned as Torresin gave up a chuckle sound who added “That mess involved damaging irreplaceable machinery equipment such as consoles to control weapons aimed at the Meritanians.” 
He stiffened hearing that as Torresin continued to talk sounding like he was laughing “Also the High Council couldn’t get the Meritanians to transport you off or contain you due to fellow Builders monitoring the scene ordering them not to do that. You proved to be an effective weapon against the High Council while having those rage episodes hah.”
Jinks frowned feeling himself not laughing along Torresin’s comments that burst into laughter before clearing his throat then spoke in foreign language to Sochi who spoke back. 
He again felt the scene familiar sighed to lean back in the chair folding his arms speaking loudly “What the depths will the High Council do to punish me for my actions? They always retaliated against me when I pull some stunt against them.” 
He eyed Torresin who sneered “They won’t do anything against you we made sure of that.” 
He sighed and spoke “Suppose they target my children Robert and Victoria?”
He got the same sneering tone from Torresin who spoke “They won’t do that we made sure of it.”
Jinks exhaled a breath as Torresin looked away from him to stare at the lap top while leaning over Sochi. 
He sighed thinking to himself “Just hope your right with your words for I know the High Council will do something drastic against me for what I pulled on them. They always retaliated whenever I do something terrible against them.”
He heard from Lance “Actually the Meritanians informed the High Council that the Builders figured out how to activate your rage episodes using the plants to control you via Builder voice hence you insane as they say for two days straight and the source in control.” 
He stiffened to hear Torresin speak “You want to say something Mr. Montreal?”
Jinks exhaled a breath and spoke “Just confirmation of something I asked.” 
He clamped his mouth shut to see suspiciousness in Torresin’s eyes that shift to the lap top speaking in foreign language which he again found the familiar scene groaned softly. Jinks fidgeted in the chair moving his feet and arms in various positions to shift his eyes around the room and spotted the familiar picture in its frame on a wall which he gave a sound of disgust. 
He spoke “Who owns this apartment anyway? I thought I owned it so what’s up with this bit?”
He grumbled as he was ignored by the Builders which he spoke “I want to go to the gym room and practice karate. I’m itching to do it.” 
He heard from Torresin “Our business here isn’t finished.”
He whined “I still want to practice karate-“
He cut himself off when Torresin’s eyes flared golden glaring at him in a narrowed look before shifting back to the laptop. 
He groaned a soft sound thinking to himself “What is those two doing to me? Argh making me get angry enough to get a rage episode so I’ll be under their control causing havoc among the High Council again, ugh.”
He continued to groan leaned back in the chair and stared at the ceiling putting his head on the chair and slouching lower in it. He continued to feel his impatience hitting him wondering what the Builders were up to pulling things and using him to do their work. He heard nothing from Lance felt his mood become foul by his anger arriving growled an angry sound and continued to growl as his anger rose within him till he felt himself furiously angry with a roar stood up from the chair knocking it to the floor only to hear Torresin speaking foreign language sounding like he was using the voice. He felt a rage episode arrive within him felt himself being put out unconscious. 

Jinks came to find himself lying on a bed that felt familiar which he jerked open his eyes to see Barry leaning over him with the ceiling of the penthouse in view. 
He stared at Barry who appeared to frown before speaking “Good you’re awake and back.” 
He frowned sensing an odd feeling sighed and sat up as Barry stopped leaning over him. 
He willed the Master away from him and stared at the Builder while speaking “What did they do this time using me as their weapon?”
He frowned hearing the disgust in his tone eyed Barry who spoke “They sent you to the High Council’s throne room to attack the High Council which I transported you out and used my voice to keep others from having you cause havoc. The High Council is furious with you on the havoc you caused. I had to talk them out of retaliating by picking on two of your children saying that the Builders have them heavily guarded and will be very picky on that.”
He exhaled a breath hearing Barry’s words as the Builder continued talking “I also told the High Council that it was the Builders who were behind your havoc and rage episode insanity. I proved it by having you while still in a rage episode do some things underneath my voice order with the High Council monitoring the scene. They managed to back off thinking of retaliating against you and are now thinking of targeting the Builders for that havoc and that’s according to the Meritanians.”
Jinks groaned softly to get up from the bed to stand next to Barry who added “Oh I was sent here to monitor you while you slept off the rage episode just to keep you out of trouble.” 
He nodded his head as Barry kept talking “I’m wanted back by the High Council so see you around.” 
He watched as Barry disappeared in a flash of light followed by hearing a meow sound sounding annoyed and looked at one of the chairs to see Missy walk out from underneath it with ears flat on top of her head. He sighed recalling her behavior around Barry figured that she still didn’t like the Builder. He groaned and eyed the clock seeing it was seven o’clock in the morning and thought of taking a shower and exchanging his clothes which he entered the bathroom. 

Jinks walked out dressed in clean clothes and a new bullet proof vest underneath his shirt that gave up a muscular look outline highlighted by his top. He sighed and went to the bedroom doors to yank them open and frowned seeing Torresin standing there with arms folded. 
He stared frowning as the Builder spoke “Our business isn’t done. Hit the dining room and you’ll find breakfast there waiting for you.” 
Jinks saw Torresin step aside pointing a finger down the hallway. He obeyed to walk to the dining room while sensing the Builder following him to see Sochi sitting at the table typing on the lap top that didn’t look up as he arrived into the room. Jinks went to sit down ate his food and gulped down his drink then sat watching Torresin lean over Sochi at the lap top the Builders again conversing in foreign language which he felt himself annoyed. 
He thought to himself “Oh here we go again. The Builders spiting me to get me to blow my temper enough to have a rage episode which they’ll send me out as a weapon to cause havoc among the High Council. Ugh.”
He groaned softly spotting Roosevelt’s picture still hung on the wall “They still won’t answer my question as to who owns this apartment and who’s responsible for decorating it. Also won’t explain why I have to put up with Roosevelt Knight’s picture on the wall despite ordering for it gone.”
He exhaled a breath to find himself getting riled up in anger again willed the emotion gone by breathing deeply through his nose only to hear Torresin speaking like using the voice followed by a rage episode arriving within him putting him out. 

Jinks came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder felt himself lying on a bed jerked open his eyes and saw Barry leaning over him while sensing the Master in control. He sat up to discover he was in his bedroom in the penthouse and stared at Barry with a frown on his face as he willed the Master away from him. 
Barry he stared at straightened up his form removing his hand and the Builder spoke “Jinks, the Builders discovered that they can set you off to have a rage episode by using the voice which they did. They then had you attack the High Council using the Meritanians to monitor and control the scene after transporting the group’s defenses the speakers Shad and Onya out. Oh the Builders didn’t account for Ajax being present in the room using his powers on you which his abilities worked enough for knocking you out. The High Council had you transported out to your home and me there to monitor you. The Meritanians were heard blabbing about the situation to the Builders on their orders and the plants said that they seemed furious for what happened to their plans to assassinate the High Council using you as the hand to kill them.”
Jinks felt himself furiously angry heard Barry speaking foreign language using the voice and felt a headache followed by calmness hitting him along with the headache stopping. 
He exhaled a breath as Barry spoke “One more thing about the ownership of the apartment, you own it actually. The servants were ordered to tell you someone else owned it. That picture was put there to see your reaction to it which you proved to hate it. The Builders ordered the servants to keep the picture up just to spite you into getting a rage episode.”
Jinks fisted his hands forming a glare on his face finding the emotion of anger not hitting him but annoyance which he spoke “Another secret their keeping from me to manipulate me to their whims.” 
He felt himself annoyed as Barry spoke “You recall being transported to Alexei Zesky’s location?”
He remembered it fully in his mind to nod his head as Barry continued “That was manipulating by the High Council thinking that Alexei still held the leadership position to the Builder group the Hammer despite suffering a medical injury. Unfortunately it appears that Alexei has been replaced with someone else who admitted that to the Meritanians after they questioned him about his father injuring him. Alexei told the Meritanians that a Builder representative told him that they had replaced him with someone else for the leadership position while he was recovering from his medical injury.”
 He heard Barry clear his throat before adding “The Meritanians indicate that the Builders are again hiding the leader and the plants think the new leader can detect mind walkers scanning an ability Alexei didn’t seem to have. He’s recovering fine at the moment from surgery to fix the damage done to him internally. It’s to his heart organ which is where his father stabbed him with some sword weapon.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath feeling himself relieved to hear as he swung his legs off the bed and stood up next to Barry. 
Barry spoke “I wouldn’t be surprised if the Builders try using you to assassinate the High Council again. I’m quite sure that the High Council figured this out by now and that they will try to do something to counterattack you used as a weapon. I doubt that this something includes Ajax due to that the Builders are aware of what he did to you from the Meritanians saying it to them on their orders.”
He folded his arms to nod his head as Barry formed a grimace on his face followed by speaking “I’m wanted back by the High Council requesting my presence as said by Ramses. I’ll see you again when it’s possible.” 
He watched as Barry disappeared in a flash of light. Jinks eyed the clock seeing it was noon to speak requesting the date and heard it then asked for the last time he was detected waking up including the date. He heard the time of seven o’clock in the morning and the date was the same as the date the clock computer gave. He felt annoyed went to the bedroom doors to yank them open and felt further annoyed seeing Torresin there with arms folded. 
Torresin spoke “Our business isn’t done hit the dining room now.” 
He willed the Master through only to hear Torresin speaking in foreign language sounding like using the voice and felt the Master willed away from him. 
He saw Torresin’s eyes flare golden followed by the Builder speaking “I said hit the dining room now.” 
Jinks struck out his fist connecting with Torresin’s chin that fell backwards hitting the floor. 
He spoke “That’s for controlling me when I used my power ability in your presence.”
Jinks paused to glare at Torresin who looked at him with a glare as the Builder got up rubbing his chin. 
He added “Don’t do that again or I won’t be merciful this time.” 
He glared at Torresin who pointed a finger down the hallway while still chin rubbing which he walked down sensing the Builder following him. Jinks went to the dining room finding Sochi there typing on the lap top that didn’t look up. He went to sit down and heard Torresin speak sounding in foreign language with pain in the tone followed by Sochi speaking in foreign language which he sat listening to the Builders conversing. He eyed Torresin who again resumed leaning over Sochi staring at the lap top while glancing at him and back over and over. 
Jinks sat folding his arms forming a glare on his face aimed at the Builders which he spoke “Someone blabbed that you’re using me as a weapon to assassinate the High Council.”
He eyed the Builders who continued chatting as if they didn’t hear him speak. He felt disgust take hold made a sound of the emotion and then leaned back in the chair watching the Builders and hearing their foreign language chatter. Jinks continued to sit feeling himself getting annoyed with the Builders feeling clueless as to what they were saying. 
He felt a headache and heard a familiar voice speaking in his mind “Horus what are you doing at the moment?”
He recognized the voice as Ramses mentally spoke “Just sitting in the dining room listening to Builders chattering in not translatable foreign language this riles me up to get angry.” 
He frowned as Ramses spoke “What are the Builders doing anyway?”
He mentally spoke “Why don’t you scan their minds and see for yourself?”
He heard Ramses speak “Sorry but they can detect me scanning so what are they doing to rile you up?”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and mentally spoke “One’s on a lap top some type of computer typing attention on it while the other is leaning over him looking at the contents and glancing at me back and forth. Their conversing in their foreign language to each other and I can’t translate it. That’s it and what’s with the questions?”
He heard silence from Ramses felt his mind still scanned followed by the Meritanian speaking “Actually the High Council wanted to know what you were doing at the moment which their telling me to quit talking to you. Talk to you later, Horus.” 
He felt the headache stop spoke out loud “Ramses on the High Council’s orders talked to me asking what I was doing including what people around me were doing.” 
He heard Torresin’s spoken tone sounded like anger in it followed by Sochi speaking tone sounded like sarcasm before both Builders switched tones to seriousness in it before keeping up the talking. He exhaled a breath to eye the Builders to hear Torresin’s voice sounded like he had the voice and fell backwards onto a floor that felt like a mattress while hearing humming sounds of electricity. He sat up seeing himself sitting on a mattress in the middle of a cell belonging to the High Council and saw Barry behind the gated fence. 
Jinks spoke “Nice try but the Builders will order me back to do their dirty work.” 
He saw Barry shake his head in a no gesture before the Builder spoke “Actually you being here was by a Builder and it’s not me. They must have detected a problem with their assassinating the High Council plot and had you transported to here to keep you alive. The High Council normally would have targeted you if you weren’t in their hands so they won’t be doing that while you’re contained here.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth to swing himself up to stand as Barry paused. He saw the Builder giving him a narrowed eyed look with a glare on his face indicating that Barry wanted him to say something. 
Jinks spoke “Fine but they better feed me and let me have some time to get some required sleep while I’m staying here.” 
He walked off the mattress towards the gated fence to pause seeing Barry’s facial expression remained the same. 
He spoke “Barry, I don’t know what you want from me.” 
He frowned as Barry spoke “Just tell me what you were doing when the Builders used their voice talents on you to get a rage episode.” 
Jinks sighed and spoke “I was in the dining room sitting watching two Builders conversing with each other in not translatable foreign language. One of them was on a laptop some kind of computer typing while the other was leaning over glancing at it to me back and forth judging by the eye movements. Oh the one leaning refused to let me leave the dining room or do anything besides sitting in a chair watching them talk to each other which riled me up to be angry.”
He heard whining squeals sounds to see familiar hawk head guards appear grabbing Barry by the arms who didn’t look happy along with Anubis standing next to the Builder. 
He heard Anubis whisper loudly “The High Council has requested your presence, Barry so come along.” 
He stared at Barry who spoke sounding annoyed “You don’t need to restrain me. I’m a harmless cripple and call off your guards, Anubis.”
He watched as Anubis instead of answering walked away followed by the hawk head guards forcing Barry growling loudly in an angry tone to follow out of sight. Jinks frowned to stand there shrugged and went to a bare spot on the floor in a corner away from the gated bars and sat down sensing himself filmed which he ignored to do his stretching exercises. He finished to swing himself up then proceeded to do his familiar Kata being alert to avoid the electrical bars and mattress lying on the floor as he sensed himself watched. He spied during his karate a High Council member behind the bars his senses told him was Ajax who continued to watch him till he ended with a bow towards the cell entrance to fold his arms seeing that his son was still there watching him. 
Jinks spoke “Find this amusing, Ajax?”
Jinks saw Ajax jerk his head in a double take look before feeling a headache and heard his son’s voice mentally speaking “Drat I can’t seem to fool you despite looking like one of the members of the High Council. Predecessor did warn me of that awhile back which I didn’t take him seriously on this.”
Jinks shrugged and spoke “Well what’s your take on my karate?”
He stared at Ajax who mentally spoke “Karate? Why do you First Ones insists on calling Combative Art by that name? Oh by the way Elina wasn’t kidding on what she said when she saw you do the movements.” 
He recalled Elina Soto flashing in his mind to again hear Ajax add “She said that your movements looked easy without any hesitating effort to do them judging from what she seen you doing them. Drat she wasn’t kidding on that from what I’ve seen myself.”
He shrugged and spoke “Oh that’s probably from being obsessed with practicing Combative Art.” 
He heard from Ajax “Actually I don’t think so, father. I think the Combative Art movements are related to you being not entirely a First One. Elina saw me practice a Combative Art movement group and commented the same thing she said about you doing them.”
He sighed and spoke “Oh interesting so what’s your purpose to being here besides talking to me?”
Jinks heard Ajax “Nothing serious just wanted to see you and hoped to get you to practice Combative Art so I could see you do it.” 
He spoke “Well appears you seen me do it so what else you want from me?”
He stared at Ajax who he heard “Ah Elina commented on another thing. She mentioned seeing how high you kicked your foot and said that she’s seen you stretch your leg till your foot was above your head level. That’s something I can barely do without my body complaining in pain and something Highlanders can’t do either. I’m interested in seeing what she said.” 
He kicked his leg up in front of him putting his foot above his head level and held it in place while staring at Ajax who did a double take look. Jinks brought down his leg and resumed his standing position on two feet while staring at Ajax.
Ajax mentally spoke sounding in his mind “Drat you First Ones are lucky when it comes to manipulating your bodies to do things impossible for Highlanders to do no matter how hard they work at it.” 
Jinks spoke “I didn’t get to this impossible body position without lots of work and that involves stretching my body repeatedly over and over till I achieved it.” 
He heard Ajax speak sounding in his mind “Stretching? I know what that is. Predecessor told me to do it obsessed and he said that I’ll be able to kick above my head level if I kept it up every sun as a child learning Combative Art. I did that stretching thing for a lunar cycle till the doctor told to quit due to that I was nearly tearing my muscles out of position enough to cause injury. I managed to keep up the Combative Art movements to realize that I’m naturally able to kick as high as my chin level but further than that my body complains. Also Highlanders whether their male or female doesn’t matter can’t kick higher than the top of their shoulders level. Lucky First Ones can do that harrumph.” 
He spoke “Oh interesting so tell me what problem you think the Builders found with the High Council to have me transported here?”
He saw Ajax do a double take look followed by hearing his son’s voice mentally speaking “That’s not the impression I got. I thought the Meritanians did the transporting by themselves out of loyalty to the High Council. Where did you hear of this talk involving a Builder doing it?”
He spoke “From Barry who said it. That was just before Anubis came with the Hawk head guards saying that the High Council requested the Builder’s presence. Barry didn’t seem happy with the Hawk head guards grabbing his arms and was heard growling as they hauled him away.” 
Jinks saw Ajax put a hand on his forehead followed by raising his head up towards the ceiling before lowering his head and hand. 
He frowned as he heard Ajax speak again sounding in his mind “Alright father, I’ll admit it that Barry has the ability to fool people who detect lies. He managed to fool Nameless who you know who he is that has the ability and that Shadonian didn’t detect a thing. I’m surprised that you would refer him as a Builder when he’s a hybrid of several species in him like you are. Also the guards escorting Anubis aren’t called Hawk heads but are referred by the High Council as the Falcons so refer them as that.” 
Jinks felt himself annoyed spoke sounding like it in his tone “Ugh Barry having that ability to fool people with lie detecting ability wasn’t mentioned to me by him. As for referring him as a Builder that’s from him displaying Builder traits in front of me and him never mentioned being a hybrid of several species to me. I had to learn about that from others including being told of his medical condition regarding his use of a cane which is to help him walk.”
He fisted his hands thinking to himself “Barry what the depths were you doing transporting me to here?” 
He heard Ajax sounded in his mind “I’m wondering the same question you’re asking to Barry.” 
He exhaled a breath to mentally think “Now you tell me, Ajax that you can get what I’m thinking. I forgot that Highlanders can read my mind like you can.” 
He heard from Ajax “Actually Highlanders can’t read your mind due to you has a shield blocking them from scanning you but you can receive their talk. Also Jixi from scans by the High Council indicated that he could touch your mind from a location near you and read your mood feelings including sending messages for you to receive.”
He stiffened hearing that as Ajax continued talking “I can scan you to hear what you’re thinking at the moment but that’s about it for my ability. I can’t scan Highlanders who can easily block me and that they alone can’t scan my mind due to having a shield but a group of them can easily get through enough to know what I’m thinking at the moment.” 
He mentally spoke “Oh interesting. Sorry for mentioning this but how’s Jixi at the moment?”
He frowned to hear from Ajax “He’s doing alright now-”
Jinks heard whining squeal sounds interrupting Ajax form a glare on his face as Anubis and his familiar guards the Falcons as Ajax said to call them appeared besides his son. 
He heard Anubis’s loud whisper “The High Council has requested your presence, Ajax. We’re here to escort you to them.” 
He heard sounding in his mind “Talk to you later, father.” 
Jinks felt the headache stop as Ajax he saw walked out of sight followed by the three guards. He stretched his arms above him and went to the mattress to lie his form down on it and stared at the ceiling feeling no urge to sleep come to him. He let his thoughts wander thinking about what Ajax told him about Barry and Jixi. 
He heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Barry from communicating with him doesn’t like talking about what species he is along with his abilities and medical condition to people. He’s strong fast on sharing the information with select few people he thinks he can trust not to talk about it to others.” 
He mentally spoke “Oh I’m surprised that he didn’t trust me. What’s his interest in me anyway?”
He heard “His interest is because you have power abilities and is unique with your hybrid status.”
He frowned to mentally speak “How Jixi is and what’s up with Ajax said about him?”
Jinks heard a harrumph sound sounding in his mind followed by Lance speaking “Ah my manipulating was to teach Ajax a lesson for attempt assassinating you. I didn’t mean Jixi to get that loyal to you enough to display abilities to sense your mood like a detector when in the vicinity of you and to mind walk to talk to you. I meant to get the kid to be rebellious towards his father and his teaching about the High Council. Ugh didn’t mean that to be taken very seriously enough to cause a problem for the High Council to get involved.”
He frowned forming it on his lips to mentally speak “You still communicating with Jixi enough to still manipulate him are you?”
He heard “I wish but the High Council have ordered Jixi to be scanned by them at certain time frames due to that the kid is still displaying rebellious attitude to being scanned despite having his mind wiped. I think the attitude is from the kid having the ability to detect people’s moods.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that to mentally spoke “Who’s Jixi’s mother anyway?”
Jinks heard Lance speak “From what I could tell some Highlander female implanted with a manipulated piece of Ajax in her that she carried and birthed. Oh the High Council haven’t figured out how the Humans managed to get females to grow a baby after either implanted or mating with the expectant status to last hours followed by the easy birth of the baby. Their still clueless on this due to that the knowledge isn’t easy to find and that the Meritanians have balked helping them using the excuse of saying a Builder ordered them to keep their mouths shut. Nameless was heard saying their talk was a lie but the plants have refused to say the information despite being threatened to talk. The Meritanians said that they would rather be hurt by weapons than talk about it.”
Jinks frowned hearing as Lance continued “The High Council’s females at the moment carry the baby for three Human months followed by a very painful birthing process. They have managed to learn the procedure of operating the baby out recently and are currently doing that.” 
He felt sleepiness shook his head to mentally speak “Ugh the Meritanians are putting me to sleep again.” 
He heard as he struggled to stay awake “No their not doing that due to being busy talking to the High Council besides it’s that time of planet cycle when you go to sleep so sleep.” 
Jinks obeyed shutting his eyes to feel himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a loud ringing noise jerked open his eyes to find himself restrained by the Falcons in a standing position and in the High Council’s throne room. 
He felt himself annoyed as Shad spoke “Well nice of you to join us. About time you woke up. We’re surprised that the Builders seem to have dropped their plans of using you to assassinate us after several attempts that were foiled. It’s interesting that you’re still in our hands and not transported back by the Builders. Your tracking beacon is clearly showing your location at the moment. The Meritanians have reported being ordered by the Builders not to transport you out of our home location. What do you have to say about this?” 
Jinks opened his mouth and stiffened feeling himself getting a rage episode as the Falcons’ grips on his arms he felt were off of him and sensed himself being put out by the angry feeling. 

Jinks came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he jerked open his eyes to see Barry leaning over him, from feeling of lying on a bed with the penthouse ceiling in view. He felt the Master in control exhaled a breath to sit up as Barry removed his hand straightening his form. 
Jinks spoke “Don’t tell me I actually succeeded in assassinating the High Council.”
He frowned hearing the sarcasm in his voice tone stared at Barry who spoke “Actually the High Council ordered the Meritanians to transport you out if they were yelling at the plants to do that.”
He heard an edge in Barry’s voice figured that the Builder was hiding something swung his legs off the bed to stand next to Barry folding his arms as he stared at him. 
Barry spoke “Oh the plants managed to do that hence you here with me monitoring you.” 
He again heard the edge in Barry’s voice spoke “Spill it Barry, your hiding something I can sense it.” 
He formed a glare on his face as Barry spoke in foreign language sounding like using the voice and abruptly felt the Master willed away from him which he gave up a growl sound loudly fisting his hands while glaring at the Builder. 
Barry spoke “Ah alright I admit it, I have the ability to fool people who detect lies such as yourself which the High Council is aware of from doing some test on me they told me of.” 
He nodded his head in a bob as Barry continued “The High Council figured I was the one who ordered the Meritanians to transport you to them contained and confronted me on that. They weren’t able to scan my mind or get the actual reason out and I voice ordered the Meritanians to stay out of my mind.”
He kept the glare on his face as Barry cleared his throat then continued speaking “Alright the High Council made a mistake keeping your tracking beacon very clearly detailed which got the Builders through the Meritanians to voice order you to have a rage episode while you were in the dais room. They ordered the plants to transport Anubis and the Falcons out including the High Council’s speakers leaving you clear to attack the High Council.”
He kept the glare on his face as Barry paused while again hearing the edge in the Builder’s voice which he spoke “You’re again hiding something.” 
Jinks narrowed his eyes as Barry appeared to gulp before speaking “Ugh alright Ajax was detected in the room among the High Council which the Meritanians blabbed that on Builders’ orders monitoring the scene. Your son got transported out and then you were clearly free to do what the Builders wanted to the High Council who fought you with a physical fight using Combative Art.”
He again heard the edge spoke as Barry paused to frown “You’re again hiding something, Barry so spill it what really happened?”
Jinks eyed Barry’s face that showed a frown in it before the Builder spoke “Just relaying what I was told by the Meritanians due to not being present in the room to witness the scene.” 
His senses blared warning as he glared at Barry who stopped talking to clear his throat which Jinks spoke “Yeah right Barry. I don’t feel sore from being hit or have a feeling of being drugged or feeling like having an injury so tell me the truth now. What really happened?”
Jinks glared at Barry who spoke foreign language sounding like using the voice followed by disappearing in a flash of light which he gave up a growling sound and snarled “This secret keeping is getting intolerable. I’m fed up with people hiding things from me-“
He was interrupted by Lance speaking “Jinks, shut up!”
He frown hearing the angry tone in his father’s voice as he mentally spoke “What’s going on to get Barry to hide things from me?”
He heard from Lance still sounding angry “Just be quiet and let me handle this so don’t bother me with your silly questions.” 
He frowned feeling himself annoyed shifted his eyes towards the clock to see it blare the time of noon which he exhaled a breath to hear a door knocking sound turned around to face the doors as they opened followed by Bill entering the room clearing his throat. 
Jinks glared at the butler who ignored the look to speak “You have visitors in the dining room who insist that you meet them also its time for your required meal which you’ll find on the table.”
Jinks gave up a harrumph sound stomped passed Bill and went to the dining room to find the familiar Builders were there along with a tray holding dishware full of food. He sat down and ate the food and drank down the drink the pushed the tray aside. 
He spoke “Spill it what happened while I was out in the High Council’s hands having a rage episode?”
He heard no answer to his words as the Builders ignored him conversing in their foreign language as Sochin typed on the lap top with Torresin leaning over him. Jinks groaned softly as he eyed the Builders to feel himself annoyed. He jerked falling backwards only to feel his arms grabbed by familiar hands holding him up in a standing position. He shifted his eyes to find the High Council weren’t in their seats but Shad and Onya were there with heads bowed with a High Council member his senses told him was Ajax standing between them with arms folded. 
Jinks spoke loudly “Ajax, I woke up with Barry in my bedroom and sensed the Builder hiding something from me. He like the others won’t tell me what really happened to the High Council while I was having a rage episode. So spill it and tell me.” 
He felt a headache and heard Ajax’s voice spoken in his mind “The Builders think you succeeded in assassinating the High Council but the ones you killed were actually decoys put in their place due to that they didn’t trust the Builders to not do something to you in their presence. You managed to use some earthquake power to knock the decoys off their feet then seen appearing to use paralysis powers to keep the victims down on the floor as you went around grabbing their heads twisting their necks ending their life. The High Council has ordered me to speak their words through a radio device to you. They won’t be present at meetings with you till the Builders quit trying to use you as a weapon to assassinate them.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath to mentally think sensing Ajax still scanning him “Ugh ok well the Builders I saw in my dining room didn’t seem to have their mood changed by their behavior and voice tones while speaking in their foreign language I still can’t translate. I don’t know if they know of this situation or not and they didn’t talk to me at all while I was there just ignored me.” 
He frowned to stop his thoughts to continue eyeing Ajax which he heard mentally speaking “Oh I was ordered to speak your words to the High Council via radio device on me which I’m waiting for them to respond.” 
Jinks formed a frown on his lips as Ajax again mentally spoke “Interesting Horus, considering we heard nothing from the Meritanians to indicate them telling the Builders about our trick or the plants talking about it to them. It seems like we succeeded in fooling the Builders into thinking that we’re assassinated. We managed to keep this trick out of our computer records and used word of mouth via Highlander servants to inform the others of it and have started to keep written records of our orders and methods against the Builders during this war.”
He frowned to as Ajax continued “The Meritanians have been ordered to scan Builders identified in this war for any inkling of our trick and to stall the Builder ordering them to stop scanning by complaining about being used by them just to gain information in their minds. Anyway the plants have also been ordered to scan your mind at timed intervals just to make sure your keeping your mouth shut about us telling you about our trickery on the Builders. This includes making sure you don’t tell the Builders about the mind scans and whatever information we tell you that the Builders shouldn’t have knowledge of.” 
Jinks heard silence from Ajax but his mind still scanned mentally spoke “Well you could have kept the knowledge of this trick from me instead of saying it-“
He cut himself off as he felt a rage episode come onto him followed by the Falcons’ hand grips off his arms as he felt himself passing out. 

Jinks came to find himself lying on a bed with a rumbling vibration on his chest. He jerked open his eyes to place a hand on his chest and felt a furry body and heard a meow sound. He sighed recognizing the meow and body as Missy as the penthouse bedroom’s ceiling was in his eyes sight. 
He mentally thought “Father, the Builders didn’t have me hurt my son did they?”
He heard from Lance “Actually the Builders mistakenly thought a High Council member survived the attack from viewing the scene. The Meritanians managed to yell at them that the member was your son Ajax who stripped himself of the robe halting your attack and then the plants transported you out to your home. The Meritanians were overheard telling Ajax to drop wearing the robe due to detecting that the Builders were still thinking that a High Council member survived the attack. That thinking according to the plants is from glimpsing the Builders’ minds before ordered to stop scanning them.”
Jinks exhaled a breath to mentally spoke “Ooh at least Ajax is alright. I would be devastated terribly if the Builders used me to target him. Ugh just have to hope that doesn’t happen.” 
He heard “I managed to communicate to Barry to tell the Meritanians to talk to the Builders about keeping Ajax out of this conflict and your personal feelings towards him. From what I heard the Builders are doing what you requested but the plants say that their keeping an eye on Ajax from being voice ordered repeatedly to report your son’s movements around the High Council’s home base.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath to hear the alarm of the clock sounding in his ear and felt Missy get off his chest which he sat up to stare at the clock seeing the time of seven o’clock blared on it. He sighed and swung his legs off the bed thinking that he’ll hit the bathroom to shower due to that it was hygiene required to have a clean body form. Jinks got up and went into the bathroom. 

Jinks came out of the bathroom clean from showering with hair brushed and dressed in clean clothes with the familiar bullet proof vest underneath his shirt and sneakers on his feet. He exhaled a breath to go to the bedroom door halting a meter away to bow his head shutting his eyes and raising a hand up in front of him. He saw an overhead view of Torresin standing with arms folded that looked up with a narrowed eyed look before resuming staring at the doors. Jinks gave up a sound of disgust raised his head opening his eyes and fisting his hand he waved at the doors. 
He went to the doors and yanked them open to see the familiar Builder there who spoke “Hit the dining room. You’ll find food there.”
Jinks felt rage struck out his left hand grabbing Torresin by the neck and lifted the male up dangling his feet choking him as the Builder clawed his hand with his hands. He angrily brought his other hand fisted into Torresin’s front punching him over and over. He heard a voice sounding Builder like speaking foreign language using the voice which he ignored recognizing it as Bill’s voice followed by finding himself in the gym room alone with doors shut. 
Jinks growled an angry sound heard Lance yell in his mind “Stop it Jinks! Hit the punching bag and do karate! It’ll keep you out of the dining room!”
He listened and went to the punching bag to attack it with karate feeling himself still furiously angry. He cut the attack feeling his anger low its ebb and went in the middle of the room to do his Kata feeling himself watched by someone eyed the doors to see Bill standing there watching him. Jinks finished with his Kata ended with a fist punching the air and turned to face Bill folding his arms a glare on his face feeling himself no longer angry but annoyed. 
Jinks spoke in a rude tone “What the depths do you want now?”
Jinks glared at Bill whose expression remained blank as the butler spoke “There’s a matter of taking in required food that is in the dining room as part of your body requirements. I insist you go there and eat. I’ll send for your personal physician if you refuse to eat due to you being in denial about a medical problem and starving yourself about that.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust spoke “Bill fine I’ll eat but those two Builders better be gone from my home or I’ll personally throw them out myself. They overstayed their welcome and I’m fed up with having them here. This is my home and I’ll do what I see fit as long as I live here.”
He pointed a finger at Bill whose face remained blank as he walked by the butler and went to the dining room and felt his disgust take hold finding the two familiar Builders were there. He found food sitting in dishware on the table thought to himself to take in the nourishment and use the energy from it to throw out the two Builders himself. He went to sit and ate the food along with drinking down the drink the pushed aside the tray before getting up heading towards the two Builders. He heard Torresin speak foreign language in voice tone felt sleepiness hitting him shook his head as the feeling persisted followed by falling to the floor and going unconscious. 

Jinks woke up feeling an electrical charge of pain vibrating throughout his body. He jerked open his eyes raising his head to discover himself in sagging standing position with arms holding him up while feeling manacles on his wrists. He felt himself filmed along with annoyance hitting him straightened up his form to eye the manacles to see wires coming from them appearing to go to the back of his neck from feeling a familiar object on the area. He felt himself furiously angry to lean back with head touching the wall glaring at the familiar camera dome. 
He recalled Meritania the Highlander that controlled the planet’s functions mentally yelled “Meritania! Help me out of this ridiculous situation now!”
He heard from Lance in response “Ugh, Jinks, the Builders have Meritania indisposed at the moment from him telling me that before he was cut off abruptly mid word. The Meritanians have refused to say what happened to Meritania by hinting that the High Council don’t know what’s going on with him and don’t want the group to find out by talking about it. I haven’t been able to get a response to my summoning calls for awhile. I suspect that the Builders have done something serious to Meritania to prevent him from answering me which explains why his talk was cut off when he told me of the Builders having him being indisposed.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth to groan a soft sound as he mentally thought “The Builders doing their manipulating again is no longer tolerated. I’m just feeling fed up with being used as a weapon for their war and them not telling me what their up to.” 
He heard from Lance “Join the club, Jinks. I’ve been trying to communicate with people in the Master Organization to still see you as their leader and vessel of me only to get my efforts sabotaged by the Builders using their voices on them to admit me talking to them. The Builders have managed to manipulate those people into thinking that I’m nothing but a dream that should be ignored. They even manipulated people to keep them from visiting you to see you and kept them from requesting you make an appearance to the public.”
He felt himself still angry mentally spoke as Lance paused “The Builders’ actions have gone too far in this ridiculous war with the High Council using me as a pawn in their fight growl.”
He heard from Lance “I know I managed to tell the Meritanians what I detected the Builders doing to people involving myself and you. They have already told the High Council of it. They haven’t said anything about what the group’s response to this yet. I’m still waiting for the High Council to comment about it. I even managed to communicate this to Ajax when he’s asleep. His response is not to say much and be a wall when I asked him to comment which he won’t say anything despite my prodding.”
Jinks mentally spoke “Ugh what about this bit the High Council through Ajax told me of having the Meritanians scan my mind at timed intervals?”
He felt his mind scanned mentally added “Hello?”
He heard “It’s that time now as ordered by the High Council. Let’s see what’s going with you.” 
Jinks sighed hearing Ramses’ voice mentally spoke “The Builders got me chained up contained wearing some restraint on me to give me pain if I move wrong along with setting it off if I appear to look not right to them.” 
He felt the headache still on waited and heard Ramses’ voice speaking “What’s the name of the Builder and his companion on the lap top computer?”
He mentally spoke “Torresin and the other on the computer, is called Sochi. I have a butler servant named Bill who’s a Builder like they are. I’m not sure if my other two servants are Builders due to them not displaying racial traits to me.” 
He waited for Ramses’ response still feeling the headache of his mind scanned. He shifted his eyes towards the electrical gate to see no one there but frowned feeling the headache stopped as a male Highlander with a glare on his face walked into view. Jinks eyed the Highlander who stared at him with narrowed eyes before walking out of sight. 
He again felt the headache followed by Ramses’ voice speaking “The Builders have managed to manipulate people regardless of their species serving you in your home building to serve them and their orders. That’s from what we could sense from Lance Richard communicating with those people who wound up manipulated into thinking they dreamed of and told to ignore him.” 
Jinks eyed the gated fence mentally spoke “I get the feeling I’m no longer seen as a deity by the Builders but as some weapon for destroying the High Council from the way things are going around here.” 
He paused to feel the headache stop as the familiar Highlander walked into view and made his mind blank feeling another headache followed by the pain stopping. He continued to eye the Highlander that stared at him back with a glare. 
Jinks heard from Lance “Ugh the Builders got the Meritanians to talk that the High Council’s servants ordered them to scan your mind at timed intervals and that they already did this. The Builders’ reaction is to order the Meritanians to cease doing that order period.”
He felt disgust take hold forced his face to remain in a glare noticing the Highlander was still staring at him. Jinks stared at the Highlander and frowned seeing the male walk out of sight. 
He again felt the headache followed by Ramses’ voice speaking sounding annoyed “Why don’t you just order us to transport the High Council members to you separately or together and you attend to them yourself?”
He frowned as Ramses continued with the annoyed tone “Next time smarty think of doing that instead of using some assassin to do your dirty work you stinker. At least it’ll spare us from having headaches of manipulating the assassin to kill off the High Council. Oh they’ll form another High Council group due to that being a member is a high honor among Highlanders brainwashed into thinking the group is a good thing. Harrumph.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath willing himself to be calm figuring out that his angry behavior was why he was chained up in restraints. 
He again heard Ramses speak “Next time think mister and me mean it. At least spare us of manipulating your assassin to do your dirty work when you should be doing it yourself.”
He willed himself to calm as Ramses stopped talking followed by the headache stopping. Jinks eyed the gate to see the familiar Highlander arrive back into view a glare still on the male’s face. He frowned as he sensed an urge hit him that felt like the urge to kill as the Highlander walked out of view. Jinks stiffened as the restraints fell off him along with the pain device which he lowered his arms and blinked his eyes to find himself back in the dining room facing Torresin who had a glare on his face. He heard typing sounds figured that Sochi was in the room still on his lap top. He charged forwards grabbing the Builder’s head and gave it twist to see Torresin roll his eyes and hit the floor while sensing the urge gone from him along with the male still alive but unconscious. Jinks quietly went to Sochi who spoke in foreign language using the voice and he felt sleepiness shook his head and fell towards the floor going unconscious. 

Jinks woke up feeling himself lying on a bed wearing restraints on his wrists and ankles while feeling himself filmed. He jerked open his eyes to see a familiar gated ceiling with lights shining behind it. He adjusted himself to tear off the wrist restraints only to feel an electrical charge of pain hitting him. He felt the familiar device on the back of his neck and eyed the wrist restraints to see wires jutting from them appearing to go underneath him to the device on him. Jinks looked around the room to see it was a jail cell with a door in the wall off his left and spotted a toilet and sink above it opposite from the bed attached to the wall. Jinks lowered his head and eyed the ceiling staring at it till he heard a loud beep sound followed by a sound of a door sliding open along with footsteps sounding of a metal floor. Jinks kept his eyes on the ceiling as Torresin came into view to lean over him with a glare on the Builder’s face. 
Torresin he saw spoke “Your behavior towards me is not acceptable. Clean up your act or be contained as punishment so act according to standards around here.”
Jinks opened his mouth to speak and stiffened as Torresin spoke in foreign language sounding like he was using the voice followed by a rage episode arriving within him putting him out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feel a hand shaking his shoulder jerked open his eyes lurching up in a sitting position from lying on a bed with the Master in control. He looked off his left to see Barry standing next to him and then looked around the room seeing that he was in his bedroom in the penthouse. He willed the Master away from him and eyed Barry who appeared to not have his familiar devices on his form. 
He spoke “Spill it what did they have me do this time?”
He stared at Barry who spoke with an edge in his voice “Not much.” 
Jinks heard from Lance “Torresin had you attack Ajax to knock him out unconscious and have you both transported to the home building. Ajax is currently in a cell at the moment with Builders there waiting for him to wake up. I suspect their going to interrogate him on subjects related to the High Council.’
Jinks stiffened hearing Lance’s words narrowed his eyes as Barry spoke “Ah a Builder transported me out of the High Council’s hands. They told me off on living with the High Council and insist I live elsewhere. I managed to convince them to live with you due to knowing some things about yourself that I’m pretty sure you don’t know at the moment.”
He nodded his head and felt Barry’s hand off his shoulder which he swung his legs off the bed and got up to stare at the Builder. 
Jinks spoke “What am I supposed to do now?”
Barry spoke “It’s the next day now around eight o’clock in the morning. Go take a shower and change your clothes. You’re required to attend to your body’s hygiene. You never know when you’ll get the chance to go out in public.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath obeyed to Barry’s words went into the bathroom shutting the door. 

Jinks came out finding Barry seated in a chair holding his cane with both hands. He eyed Barry who cleared his throat then got up walking to the bedroom doors with him following. Jinks frowned as Barry opened a door and stepped aside showing Bill outside which he walked out followed by the Builder. 
He heard Bill speak “You have visitors in the dining room. You’ll find your food requirements on the table.”
He gave up a sound of disgust hearing a throat clearing noise from Barry exhaled a breath to walk to the dining room hearing the Builder following with cane thumping. He entered the dining room to spot Torresin and Sochi there in their familiar positions that ignored him while conversing in their familiar foreign language. He exhaled a breath to go sit at the head of the table with Barry next to him on his right who he saw was looking at the two Builders with some glare on his face. Jinks felt himself hungry ate the food eating all of it along with drinking down the drink of strawberry milkshake. He pushed the tray away in front of him and leaned back folding his arms eyes on Torresin. He heard Barry speaking words that sounded like gibberish while using the voice then stop. He frowned to continue eye Torresin and Sochi who stopped talking abruptly. 
Jinks saw Torresin straighten up his form followed by speaking foreign language which he heard a voice sounded in his mind “Spill it cripple, what did you say? I heard you use the talent.”
He frowned hiding his shock as Barry spoke in foreign language in an angry voice and again heard a voice say in his mind “I resent being called cripple despite my use of a cane and no I’m not going to say what I said using the talent for that insult.” 
He heard Torresin speak again hearing the voice in his mind “Don’t tempt me to use the talent to get out what you said so spill it.” 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke foreign language using the voice tone voice speaking in his mind “Don’t ever ask me what I say when I use the talent.” 
He eyed Torresin who looked angry before again hearing Barry speaking foreign language voice in his mind “I’ll tell you what I said once your attitude is changed from insulting me with that word despite my medical status.” 
Jinks frowned as Torresin spoke foreign language translated by the voice in his mind “Don’t tempt me to have your medicine held back for you to suffer pains if you pull this stunt again, Barry.” 
He heard nothing from Barry but a loud growling sound which he saw Torresin lean down peering over Sochi's shoulder. 
He kept his mouth shut as Torresin spoke sounding like he’s speaking in Summeran “Son of a bastard!”
Barry he heard spoke in Summeran “Language, Torresin that is appropriate than use of swearing.” 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Torresin straightened up his form speaking in Summeran while looking at him “You have something to say Mr. Montreal?”
He spoke finding himself speaking in Summeran “I don’t know what you want me to say.”
He clamped his mouth shut after that as Torresin spoke “Your son, Ajax is in our possession. He admitted under interrogation that the High Council you assassinated were decoys along with later telling you about it which you failed to mention to us. Care to explain that failure of sharing information?”
Jinks heard Barry speak “That explains why the High Council insisted on having Mr. Montreal’s mind scanned at time intervals by the Meritanians. They wanted him to keep his mouth shut about what they said to him hence this scanning.”
Torresin he eyed spoke “I didn’t ask for you to speak for him, Barry so kindly be quiet and let Mr. Montreal, speak.” 
Jinks spoke “Alright they admitted that trick to me but told me that they would have the Meritanians scan my mind at timed intervals just to make sure I would keep my mouth shut. Satisfied?”
He glared at Torresin who glared back at him before hearing Sochi speaking in Summeran “Ajax confirmed that the High Council ordered the Meritanians to scan Mr. Montreal’s mind just to keep his mouth shut about their trick and make sure we don’t know about it.”
He heard Torresin swore profanities in Summeran only to hear Barry repeat his words “Language, Torresin that is appropriate than use of swearing.” 
He frowned to stare at Torresin who stopped his profanity chatter before leaning down to peer over Sochi's shoulder both not saying anything. He formed a frown with his lips watching the two Builders not talking as they had their attention to the laptop’s screen. 
He exhaled a breath and heard Barry speaking “Jinks, hit the gym room.” 
He made a motion to get up only to hear Torresin speak “Our business with Mr. Montreal isn’t done.” 
He exhaled a breath as Barry spoke sounding firm “Torresin, Mr. Montreal in question practices Combative Art religiously and it’s come in handy when fighting off opponents picking a physical fight with him. I insist he practice the movements and keep it up since you have prevented him from doing it lately with all the stunts you’ve been pulling on him.” 
Jinks eyed Torresin who looked up to glare at Barry which the Builder spoke “Fine but don’t take too long”
He wordlessly got up and went to the gym room sensing Barry following him by cane thumping noises sounding behind him. Once inside the gym room he sat down and did his stretching exercises and then swung himself up then proceeded to do his familiar Kata. He sensed during the movements Barry had stopped watching and then once done with a bow frowned seeing the Builder ramming his body at the punching bag over and over. He felt confused seeing that blinked his eyes to find himself standing in the dining room and ordered to sit by Torresin who had some smirk on his face. Jinks obeyed to sit down and again heard Torresin and Sochi converse in foreign language but found no voice in his mind translating their talk. 
He mentally thought “Ugh they must have figured out what Barry said to cause me to mentally translate their words and made sure he would be occupied with the punching bag.”
Jinks heard nothing from Lance but recalled his father warning him that Builders could detect him talking to him. He placed a hand on his cheek with elbow on the armrest and shut his eyes to blink them seeing a yellow sky that was far ahead of him. He felt angry seeing the sky was far ahead of him as a Wiser came into view showing himself lying on the ground from the eyes sight and the Wiser’s position. 
He saw the Wiser hold up an object he recognized as a crown and spoke “Take off your mask and destroy it and I’ll give you this crown.” 
Jinks felt himself angry but too weak to get up felt his hands reach behind his neck and yank something slimy off his face showing some kind of mask and tearing it in half. 
He was handed the crown by the Wiser who spoke thrusting out a sword “Shut your eyes and let me handle the eaters’ attack.”
He obeyed to hear a roaring noise that became louder and louder while hearing howling noises of anger followed by pain in his chest that stung him to cough loudly before opening his eyes to see the sky was a dark cloudy color with rain falling hard wetting him. He continued to eye the clouds as he heard ripping noises and felt his form shred off of him as memories came to his mind realizing who he was Osiris in an alien form. He felt himself strong held up the crown to see it shatter in pieces in his hands realized that the Wiser tricked him. 
With a roar he swung himself up and grabbed the Wiser who thrust back his sword and gagged the male on the neck while speaking angrily “I want my crown.” 
He glared at the Wiser who spoke “I’ll tell you where to get the crown once you release me and get on my back. There are enemies here who won’t hesitate to hurt you.”
He obeyed freeing the Wiser to get on the male’s back and felt them both lifted up in the air landing in a tree followed by more tree hopping till they landed on something and he was yanked off to feel wooden slat on his back. He got up and looked around to discover he was on a raft that was moving over open water with an island in the vicinity that was slowly getting smaller and smaller. 
He felt rage again grabbed the Wiser on the neck in a choke hold while speaking “Now tell me where I’ll get my crown and I want it back now.” 
He glared at the Wiser who gagged out “I’m not the one to give you the crown and neither are my people.” 
He sensed that the Wiser was telling the truth released his hold on the male’s neck to roar an angry sound as the rain stopped falling followed by the sun slowly coming out from the clouds. He looked down at himself to recognize his clothes were exactly the same as Lance wore but felt confusion hitting him wondering what was going on. He felt his mood was anger sat down crossed legged and sulked with a hand on his cheek elbow on his leg and shut his eyes. Jinks jerked open his eyes jerking up from the seat standing up knocking the chair fisting both hands while growling loudly. 
He heard Barry’s voice speaking “Don’t. That’s a normal reaction to waking up from the Recaller. I’ve seen it happen like that.” 
He shifted his eyes towards Barry sitting in a chair off his right looking at him which he blurted out “What the depths happened to me?”
Jinks stared at Barry who spoke still looking at him “You went in a common Highlander trance dubbed Recaller which is recalling an event of the past, a memory belonging to one of your parents which is what happened to you.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing Barry’s words as the Builder continued “Oh this condition hits Highlanders anytime anywhere and nothing can bring them out of it but themselves. Another side affect is touching the Highlander having the condition makes the person touching them see what their seeing in their minds and that the person can’t stop touching them till their brought out of it themselves.”
Jinks exhaled a breath as Barry shifted his eyes towards elsewhere which he looked to see Torresin standing behind Sochi still on the lap top computer typing away. He rubbed a hand on his forehead and bent down to lift up the chair and then sat in it folding his arms shifting his eyes towards Barry. 
He spoke “Where did you learn this condition called Recaller anyway?”
He frowned as Barry spoke “Ah that’s from having a personal experience with it me from touching someone having it.” 
He heard the edge in Barry’s voice frowned and figured that he’ll ask Barry more of the Recaller at a later time once he was out of the presence of Torresin and Sochi. He shifted his attention towards Torresin conversing with Sochi in foreign language feeling himself confused not knowing what they were saying. He exhaled a breath to frown staring at the two Builders to hear Torresin sounding like he was using the voice followed by Barry’s voice speaking in foreign language using the voice. He frown watching shifting eyes back and forth from Torresin and Barry hearing them speaking foreign language in angry tones and sensed that they were arguing. He continued to frown watching as Torresin looked angry while Barry’s expression remained the same showing the Builder looking annoyed but appearing to be getting angry by the looks of it. He heard Sochi speak using the voice which got both Builders to yell something in unison together then followed by the arguing he sensed ceased. Jinks frown as Torresin and Barry glared at each other followed by Torresin speaking in foreign language which Barry he heard responded back sounding angry followed by Sochi speaking loudly which got the Builders to cut their talk. He continue to frown exhaled a breath as Torresin and Barry again spoke in foreign language both sounding like they were again arguing which he quietly slid the chair back and slowly got up from the chair still hearing the argument on going. He quickly darted out of the room finding his getaway unnoticed and went as compelled to the library which once inside he shut the doors and found his book sitting on the table which he went to a chair and sat down picking it up. He read the book finding himself engrossed in it reading an uncounted number of pages till he frowned when the lights blinked above. 
He sighed and lowered the book to look at the doorway to see Torresin standing with arms folded a glare on the Builder’s face who spoke “Our business in the dining room isn’t done.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath to place the book on the table marking where he was and got up walking past the Builder going to the dining room to find Barry still in his familiar seat looking annoyed by the expression on the Builder’s face. He wordlessly went to sit down and watched as Torresin went to lean over Sochi's shoulder both again conversing in foreign language with interruptions by Barry commenting again in foreign language. Jinks exhaled a breath wondering to himself why he was hit with the Recaller and found no memory of him fresh in his mind of being hit with it before. 
He heard from Lance “Actually that condition was created by a Builder using the voice on you just to put you out of commission.” 
He sensed the Builders stop conversing followed by Torresin speaking in Summeran “You want to say something Mr. Montreal?”
Jinks eyed Torresin looking at him with a glare on his face which he recalled something Ramses said spoke “Why aren’t you having the Meritanians transport the High Council to you so you can get rid of them like they suggested you do?”
He glared back at Torresin which he heard Barry speak sounding in Summeran “I find that idea interesting but there may be complications such as that the Meritanians will just transport any Highlander to you they think is a High Council member and not the actual group member so you’ll have to be specific on the ordering.”
He continued to glare at Torresin who spoke “That’s why we’re not going with the Meritanians’ idea but preferring to have an assassin do the work on getting rid of them.” 
He glared as Torresin spoke in foreign language using the voice followed by feeling a rage episode putting him out. 

Jinks woke up feeling a hand shaking his shoulder jerked open his eyes to find himself lying on a mattress from the back of it with a familiar cell ceiling in view and frowned to shift eyes seeing the hand’s owner was a familiar little girl with Shadonian eyes. He lurched up in a sitting position to feel the Master in control frowned as the girl put a finger to her lips making a gesture to be quiet which he obeyed feeling like needing to stand up and stood up towering over her. He looked around the cell to see her four brothers weren’t in it but heard angry roaring sounds sounding loudly which confused him. 
Jinks felt the girl grab his hand and stiffened when he heard a little girl’s voice sounding in his mind “They put my brothers in another cell who aren’t happy about being separated from me by the noises their making.” 
He stiffened as he felt some happy feeling hitting him from the girl touching him and frowned when the feeling went away as she abruptly let go of his hand. He exhaled a breath to stare at her as she pointed a finger at the gated bars then pointed the same finger at him. He figured out what she wanted waved a hand and saw them open followed by whining squeal sounds as Anubis and the Falcons appeared standing.
He exhaled a breath as Anubis spoke in a whispered tone “Horus, your wanted by the High Council who requested your presence so get out.”
He obeyed to hear Anubis growl and heard the gate behind slam shut as he felt the Falcons grab his arms in tight ironclad grips. He didn’t protest as he was hauled the familiar route but to a familiar room where he was blindfolded and again felt the Falcons’ claws digging in his arms. 
He spoke “Cut the claw digging will ya?”
He felt them still digging as the rollercoaster stopped followed by the blindfold yanked off and him thrust out to a metal hallway instead of the familiar vast hallway. He frowned as he was force to a wall and watched as Anubis put a hand on it which opened showing a large room with Highlanders sitting at consoles wearing head devices surrounding a giant circular disk on the floor with a light shining above it. 
Jinks frown as he was forced to the disk and stood on it hearing Anubis speak “Activate communication.” 
He blinked his eyes as the blackness surrounding the disk changed to show the High Council’s familiar throne room which he saw in front of him was the High Council and their speakers standing with heads up. Jinks exhaled a breath as he felt a rage episode come onto him while hearing squawking sounds as the Falcons’ grips released him while feeling himself going unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm of the alarm clock ringing in his ear. He jerked open his eyes to sit up finding the alarm clock cut its noises. He heard a meow sound followed by pressure on his lap and a furry head rubbing his chin. He sighed and reached with a hand rubbing Missy’s back and felt it go up in his hand’s motion. He sighed feeling much happy having Missy sitting on him and giving him attention. Jinks heard a door knocking sound followed by Missy giving off a yowl and getting off his lap which he saw her go underneath the bed as the doors to his room opened which he looked with annoyance to see Barry standing in the doorway. 
Barry he stared at spoke “Good, your up so shower and go to the dining room to eat. You need the nourishment for doing Karate which I insist you do it. You never know when you’ll need it due to the stunts the High Council is pulling around here.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath willed the Master away from him and got up from the bed which he went into the bathroom thinking that he’ll annoy Barry and take a long time while in there with his showering and other things required for him. 

Jinks came out of the bathroom to find Barry sitting in a chair with a glare on the Builder’s face. 
He frowned as Barry spoke “Took you long enough, Jinks and don’t pull that stunt on me again or I’ll be tempted to use the Meritanians to urge you to hurry.” 
He clamped his mouth shut and mentally thought in response “Ugh Barry can be annoyingly bossy.” 
He heard from Lance “Trust him.” 
He mentally spoke as Barry got up from the chair “Why?”
Jinks heard nothing from Lance repeated his question in a yelling tone. 
He heard Lance sounding angry commenting “Don’t ever question me about who you work with, Jinks. I know things you don’t even know or have grasped yet which you will soon. So don’t question me.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath went to the bedroom doors hearing Barry’s cane thumping behind him. He yanked them open to find Bill standing in his familiar spot which he gave a head bob and walked past the butler going into the hallway taking a route to the dining room. Once inside he saw the familiar Builders Torresin leaning over Sochi typing onto the lap top computer that annoyed him. He went to sit down and ate his food and drank his drink then pushed aside the tray to lean back only to get an order from Barry to go to the gym room. Jinks obeyed going to there followed by Barry. He once inside sat down and did his stretching exercises and then swung himself up going into his familiar Kata and figured that he’ll do karate drills which he proceeded to do under the watchful eye of Barry watching him. He heard a throat clearing noise in the middle of doing his drills for the second time sounding from the doorway off his left which he looked to see Torresin standing there with arms folded. Jinks exhaled a breath as Torresin spoke in foreign language sounding like he was using the voice followed by getting a rage episode putting him out. 

Jinks came finding himself lying on a floor feeling a poking of a stick poking him in his stomach which he jerked open his eyes to see Barry standing over him remove his cane. 
He spoke “What the depths did I do this time? Don’t hide it from me.”
He swung himself up and stood with arms folded glaring at Barry while sensing himself still in the gym room. 
Barry spoke “Oh just retrieving something that’s all.” 
Jinks formed a glare on his face as he heard from Lance “The retrieving was Jixi who the Builders got the kid’s mind restored and reunited him with his father Ajax. Oh the Builders managed to order the Meritanians to not to transport Ajax or Jixi when their living in your home building.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath to frown as Barry spoke “That retrieval I mentioned was a success which you’ll know more of it at a later time. So do something about your eyes will you?”
He narrowed his eyes and willed the Master away from him to hear a door knocking sound which he looked at the doors to see them open and Bill standing in the doorway. 
Bill spoke “You required food is in the dining room and you’re wanted there as requested.”
He obeyed to go to the dining room to find a cup full of pink liquid which he gulped down and ordered to sit by Torresin. Jinks instead of obeying placed the empty cup down with a slam and gave up a profanity comment towards the Builder and walked to the dining room entrance only to get blocked by Barry with a glare on his face. 
Jinks spoke “Get out of my way Barry. I want to do something else besides being in-“
Jinks was cut off by Barry having a hand on his throat gagging him and forcing him to walk backwards into the room which he found his karate movements didn’t work on the Builder who kept his hold on his neck. He struggled against Barry’s hold as he was forced into a chair and felt himself freed which he gasped for air loudly gulping it with heavy breaths. 
He glared at Barry to mentally speak in his mind “Why should I trust Barry with the way he’s acting towards me?”
He heard nothing from Lance as he glared at Barry while leaning back folding his arms to see the Builder sit down in a chair.
Torresin he heard spoke “Interesting work Barry.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust very loudly as Barry spoke “I’m more than I appear than being some cripple. Mark my words Torresin, appearances are deceiving.” 
He gave up another sound of disgust made a motion to get up and got a golden eyed glare from Barry which he leaned back in the chair and kept his arms folded and shifted attention to stare at Torresin. He heard Torresin conversing to Sochi in foreign language with Barry he heard inputting comments while frowning as the three Builders appeared to be conversing with each other. Jinks quietly eyed the Builders then slid the chair back slowly till it was far enough from the table for him to get up. He watched the Builders seeing that they didn’t appear to notice his movements which he got up and quietly left the dining room. He entered the hallway and darted to the library going inside shutting the doors quietly then went to sit down grabbing his book and read an uncounted number of pages till the book was yanked from his hands and slammed on the table. 
He saw Torresin in the room with doors open which the Builder spoke sounding angry “I don’t find it amusing with the joke you played on us so go to the dining room and stay there now.” 
Jinks got up and made a motion to walk pass Torresin only to bring his fist into the Builder’s face that fell backwards hitting the floor. 
Jinks felt himself angry put a foot on the Builder’s chest and spoke “Your attitude towards me is not acceptable.” 
He got a golden eyed glare from Torresin in response as he removed his foot and walked away sensing the Builder following him at a distance. He went to the dining room and saw Barry there looking annoyed. 
He went to sit down and heard from Barry ‘Interesting trick, Jinks but next time try elsewhere than the library.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust in response and sat leaning back with arms folded watching as Torresin resumed his spot over Sochi followed by the three Builders again conversing in foreign language. Jinks felt himself getting bored with the three Builders’ untranslatable talk quietly edged the chair away from the table again and waited watched the three again appeared to not notice him. He slowly got up from the chair and tiptoed out of the dining room hearing conversing still resuming behind him telling him that the Builders appeared to not notice him. He once in the hallway went to his bedroom shutting the doors and heard a meow sound and felt a furry face rubbing his ankle which he bent down to pet with both hands feeling her happy to see him. He lavished attention on the cat till she gave up a yowl sound and watched her dart underneath his bed which he straighten up his form as the bedroom doors opened to show Barry with a glare on the Builder’s face. 
Jinks folded his arms and spoke “Spill it what’s really going on with the Builders and me among people? I heard from sources that I’m not seen deity like but some weapon due to Builders manipulating people with their voice talents.” 
Jinks got a golden eyed glare from Barry as the Builder spoke sounding serious “Don’t question us Builders on our business involving you. You’ll find out soon enough when the time is right but not now so go to the dining room now.” 
Jinks felt himself angry walked up to Barry and brought a fist towards the Builder’s face only to get it blocked by Barry’s hand and found his leg kicking blocked by the Builder’s cane. He found his efforts to hit Barry with a fist and foot easily blocked by the Builder using his cane and free hand. He felt himself getting more angry willed the Master through and mentally ordered Barry to choke only to feel the Builder’s hand on his throat gagging him tightly followed by Barry’s voice speaking in foreign language with the voice and found the Master willed away from him. Jinks struggled against Barry’s hold finding none of the karate he did would get Barry to free him as he was hauled out of the bedroom to the hallway and into the dining room and forced to sit in a chair. Jinks gasped out air as he was freed from Barry’s choke hold and thought to himself that next time he escapes from the dining room he’ll put the Builders to sleep. He waited as the Builders resumed their talk ignoring him and quietly slid the chair away from the table and got up tip toeing towards the dining room entrance only to feel himself gagged on the throat again by a hand he saw belonged to Barry who hauled him to a chair and forced him to sit down. Jinks growled an angry nonsense sound as Barry sat which he eyed the Builders to see them again resume their talk and leaned back in the chair with arms folded feeling himself bored and getting annoyed with them controlling his life. He willed the Master through and mentally ordered the Builders to sleep while waving hands seeing the seated ones slump over as Torresin hit the floor. He exhaled a breath to get up and eyed the lap top figuring that he’ll go see the screen only to see Sochi shake his head which he darted out of the dining room figuring that he’ll go to the bedroom to amuse himself with Missy. Jinks went to the bedroom doors opening one and found to his shock Barry inside looking furiously angry. 
He snarled out “You don’t control me and my life!”
He again got gagged on the throat by Barry and forced to go to the dining room to sit in a chair which he gulped air once freed. He heard Torresin speaking foreign language using the voice and then felt a rage episode coming onto him shook his head and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks dreamed of a point of view eyes sight showing Ajax sitting in an armchair appearing to be asleep. He watched looking around the room to see it was a familiar cell and saw the door slide open followed by a male in a suit came into the room with a familiar figure behind him. Jinks frowned seeing the figure was himself with golden Builder eyes and an angry look on his face that went to Ajax yanking him out of the seat waking him up and thrusting him to kneel with arms held behind him in an apparent ironclad grip. 
Jinks saw the eyes sight shift to the male who spoke with a sneer on his face “Now there’s questions that require answers which you’ll provide period such as explaining why the High Council had a freak like you as one of them when they normally do that to full blood Highlanders.” 
He heard Ajax groan out “They told me they wanted me to have the position and wouldn’t explain further about it.” 
He grimaced watching as the male backhanded Ajax on the face who jerked from the blow before adding “Not in front of Jixi.” 
The male the eyes sight eyed showed golden eyes of a Builder spoke in foreign language using the voice followed by Ajax blurting out “They gave me the position due to me having power abilities inherited from my father and wanted to keep me under their control.” 
He heard the male Builder spoke “Interesting.” 
He again heard the Builder spoke in foreign language using the voice followed by putting a hand on Ajax’s chin and aiming his face towards his son with eyes narrowed. Jinks sensed annoyance hitting him frowned as the Builder spoke again in foreign language using the voice then released his hold on Ajax’s chin before again speaking same language and tone as before. He saw himself let go of Ajax’s arms thrusting his son onto the floor and then walking out of the room following the Builder which the door to the room slid shut behind them. 
Jinks continued to dream of the eyes sight hearing a kid’s voice speaking sounding like thoughts to him “Barry, Builders obsessed in their anger against High Council controlled by the emotion. They don’t seem to care about anything else besides their war and seeing that they achieve victory in it. The High Council will find a way of destroying Daddy to stop the Builders so help Daddy take control of the Builders to keep himself alive.”
He heard a voice sounding like Barry speaking “Don’t worry about this Jixi. I know a way of helping Jinks take control. Just have to do the way soon. This is something the High Council informed me of but their afraid of it happening due to that it’ll make it impossible for them to bring Jinks down. Just worry about your father and leave the rest to me.” 
He heard nothing from Jixi he assumed as the eyes sight made a motion of a person lying down on something from staring at the ceiling and then there was darkness and he felt nothing more. 

Jinks heard voices multiple chanting noises that seemed overlapping with male and female tones felt himself lying on something hard and flat that felt like stone on his back while still wearing his clothes and shoes on his feet. He felt on object on his forehead that reminded him of a familiar device he once wore to block out his tracking device’s signal from the implant in his skull as he felt a blindfold cloth covering his eyes wrapped around his head. He felt a hand Human like gripping his left hand as there was another hand Human like gripping his right hand. He felt himself confused wondering what was going on as the voices chanted continued. 
He trained his ears to the sounds and heard in Summeran “Death cannot touch us we will live forever, live forever.”
He frowned as the words repeated over and over overlapping with male and female tones. Jinks gasped as the voices stopped abruptly followed by a male voice sounding familiar speaking foreign language using the voice and stiffened recognizing the voice as Barry’s. He felt sleepiness felt himself passing out unconscious till there was nothing to be felt. 

Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who hugged him abruptly which he kept his hands to himself followed by his father releasing his hold on him to place hands on his chest and forehead keep him calm that confused him. 
He stared at Lance who spoke “When I meant trust Barry I knew what he was planning to do to you as in having you transported to one of the Master Organization’s places of worship for the members to worship you as their deity lord. Oh he planned another stunt of having you there which was having unaffected Builders not interested in the war against the High Council chant the religious chant using the voice talent and himself present there to use his voice to order some dormant ability to become activated. Once this was done he had you transported back to your home and told the Meritanians to keep you asleep for a certain time period which I managed to convince them to allow me to talk to you.” 
Jinks formed a questioning look on his face staring at Lance who paused to chuckle some sound before adding “Jinks, that ability Barry activated hasn’t been used in a long time and went dormant not doing anything till he ordered it out. I could tell you what it is but the Meritanians have been blabby thanks to the Builders’ voices on them could easily find out what it is and try to counterattack it anyway they can. I assure you of one thing you’ll remember what the ability is and use it. Don’t worries about anything else just remember and you’ll do fine.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut came to hearing the alarm blaring in his ear jerked open his eyes lurching up in a sitting position to find himself back in his bedroom and saw a hand wave in front of his eyes. He jerked his eyes to look off his left to see Torresin with a glare on the Builder’s face. 
Jinks frowned staring at Torresin who spoke in a sneering tone “So nice to have you back. Barry in question has been indisposed and won’t be around for awhile. I suggest you get up and hit the dining room. Its still today around one o’clock in the afternoon so excuse me for using the alarm clock but I figured it’ll wake you up.” 
Jinks got up from the bed and saw Torresin point a finger towards the bedroom doorway with doors open he spied. He went to the doorway and walked out followed by Torresin and went to the dining room to find a cup full of pink liquid on the table which he sat down and picked it up sipping it slowly. He watched as Torresin resumed his position over Sochi typing on the lap top computer as he sipped sensing nothing seriously wrong with the drink. 
He saw Torresin look at him with a glare followed by the Builder speaking “I suggest you gulp that down. I have something planned for you to do and I don’t have the patience to wait all day for that.” 
Jinks found himself obeying gulping down the drink then slammed the cup on the table before leaning back in the chair folding his arms. He stared at Torresin who spoke in foreign language to Sochi who responded. He felt himself again bored by their untranslatable talk sighed as a memory of himself as a teenager using a lighted candle mentally ordering a sleeping man to wake up and follow him which he recalled the memory clearly seeing the man follow him to a lake out of a place appearing to be a home and remembered the man went into the lake as ordered by him walking into it and drowned to death. He frowned recalling himself using the candle lighted trick on other people while they were asleep but continued to frown remembering that he hadn’t used it in a long time since the incident of him was being shot in the heart by a human male some time before he went into a twenty year healing sleep. 
Jinks exhaled a breath thinking to himself “What can a lighted candle trick do on the Builders anyway?”
He heard from Lance “Remember Jinks and you’ll get the answer to your question.”
He frowned to hear a throat clearing noise looked up to see Torresin looking at him which the Builder spoke “You want to say something Mr. Montreal?”
Jinks shrugged and spoke “Not really.” 
He eyed Torresin who again looked down eyes on the lap top Sochi was still typing while hearing the Builders again converse in foreign language with serious tones in their voices. He sighed and recalled a young boy named Jeffery flashing in his mind and grimaced recalling the boy did the candle trick on him repeatedly as an attempt to get rid of him but didn’t succeed in doing it. Jinks shifted his eyes towards the table to stare at it letting his mind wander as he recalled a particular incident of him shot in the thigh knocked out. He remembered being told by someone else that there was evidence of him waking up from being shot to confront the shooter in his apartment and used a sword to stab the male and later somehow got the male to sleep and used the candle trick to bring him to a lake and drown him then throwing away a sword and candle. 
He heard a throat clearing noise sighed and looked up at Torresin glaring at him which the Builder spoke “Something on your mind Mr. Montreal?”
Jinks spoke “What am I supposed to do while sitting here not understanding a word of your talk to Sochi besides letting myself think?”
He narrowed his eyes and glared back at Torresin who spoke “Interesting choice of words Mr. Montreal. Anyhow I have something for you to do.”
He heard Torresin speaking in foreign language sounding like using the voice and again felt a rage episode arrive within him stiffened as a memory of himself lying on a rugged floor wearing jeans with a red splotch on one leg and a rugby gray top on his form. He saw himself jerk up in a sitting position with Human golden eyes surrounded by blackness get up walking out of view. He frowned as the view changed to show himself yanking a sword off a wall and thrusting it into a male from behind that jerked before yanking it out. He watched as the male turned around with shock on his face mouth moving words unheard followed by seeing himself wave a hand and saw the male crumble to the ground appearing to fall asleep. He watched himself pick up a candle on a table and with a hand motion over it and saw the candle lit itself up followed by the male getting up from the floor with form jerking. He continued to see himself standing on a beach throwing the sword into it and with two fingers put out the candle appearing to not suffer pain from it then dropped the candle onto the ground followed by walking away as the scene went black. 

Jinks heard screaming sounds sounding whether it was in his mind or his ears while hearing a familiar sound of an alarm blaring which he jerked open his eyes lurching up in a sitting position to hear the screaming continue sounding in the room. His eyes darted around till he realized that he was the one screaming placed a hand over his open mouth and heard the screaming stop. Jinks forced himself to breathe through his nose mediation techniques till he felt he could remove his hand without screaming and did so finding himself silent. He eyed the clock seeing it blare the time of eight o’clock in the morning exhaled a breath through his mouth wondering to himself why he was screaming his head off. 
He heard from Lance “Torresin had you fight Ajax very violently just to see if your son could defend himself with whatever method he had in himself. Luckily Torresin cut the fight short before anything got too serious medically.”
He mentally spoke “Torresin and his actions have gone too far this time using me for his whims due to his obsession in destroying the High Council. I’m not happy-“
He was interrupted by Lance speaking “Jinks, the Builders figured out that the Meritanians can eavesdrop on our conversations by the plants admitting it under voice order. The Builders have been ordering the plants to say what I say to you from them eavesdropping so we both have to watch what we say to each other due to that the Meritanians can hear us both talking when their scanning me. Their not doing it at the moment but can do it anytime the Builders order them via voice.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath finding himself disgusted mentally spoke “Well what can I do around here?”
He heard “Busy don’t disturb.” 
Jinks mentally spoke “Drat you Meritanians scanning my father’s mind again. Can’t you keep out?!”
He heard nothing from Lance sighed and got up from the bed to stand and felt a furry face rubbing his leg which he looked down to see Missy. He sighed and bent down lavishing attention on the cat who gave off a meow sounding content followed by walking away from him which he watched her get on his bed to her cat bed and sit on it tummy sitting. He sighed and figured that he’ll go shower thinking that he needed it. 

Jinks paused from walking out of the bathroom fresh from showering and dressed in clean clothes and his familiar sneakers on his feet to fold his arms. He recalled the memory of himself waking up from being shot in the thigh flashing in his mind along with his eyes appearing to be Builder like with black surrounding the area. He frowned to scratch his head with a hand and then took a step only to find himself walking back into the bathroom to stare at the mirror as if compelled. He sighed again to frown staring at himself in the mirror staring at his eyes which he willed the Master through and watched his eyes changed to all black with Human blue eyes being covered up hiding with blackness in place. His hand yanked open a drawer as if compelled which he looked down and saw it filled with unlit candles of various sizes which he took one out and held it up in his hand. He recalled the hand movement he did to make the candle light up copied the motion to see the candle wick lit up with flame then blew it out by his mouth breath. He stuffed the candle back into the drawer and took a look at the candles to pull one out that seemed small and short enough to not be noticeable in his pocket which he pocketed and then walked out of the bathroom going to the bedroom doors. He yanked them open to spot Bill in his familiar spot with an annoyed look on the butler’s face along with a throat clearing noise. 
Jinks willed the Master away from him then glared at the butler while speaking “Something I should know of?”
He glared at Bill who spoke “You’ll find your food requirements on the table in the dining room.” 
He gave Bill a head bob then walked away going to the dining room to find the familiar Builders there along with a tray holding dishware filled with food. He sat down in a chair and ate the food with gusto along with gulping down the drink then pushed away the tray to sit leaning back staring at Torresin. 
He frowned as Torresin looked at him with a golden eyed glare followed by the Builder speaking “The candle you lit up in your bathroom admit where you hid it. It’s not allowed around here.” 
He wordlessly pulled out the candle from his pocket and placed it on the table then folded his arms as Torresin continued speaking “I know about that candle trick of yours involving making people do things while their asleep so don’t even think of trying it on either of us. There are monitors set to alert others of anything like that including lighted candles.”
Jinks shrugged unfolded his arms and waved a hand over the candle and saw it lit up then folded his arms to see Torresin had a look of surprise on the Builder’s face followed shaking his head a double take look before shifting to look over Sochi's shoulder at the lap top. Jinks frowned feeling himself compelled to keep his arms folded and leave the candle lighted. He sniffed the air with his nose and stiffened as his senses blared warning while hearing the Builders’ talk become slower and slower. He eyed Torresin to see the Builder rubbing his eyes with his hand and shaking his head before rolling his eyes and fell to the floor appearing to be unconscious. He shifted towards Sochi to see the Builder shaking his head speaking in foreign language in a slow tone loudly before cutting his talk and slumping over in the chair. Jinks heard a faint alarm sound got up and went to Torresin shaking the Builder who remained unconscious which he went to Sochi and peered at the lap top seeing on the screen a video of a large vertical clear watery cylinder tube showing a figure inside which he stiffened recognizing the male as Meritania by the open eyes and pointed ears. He exhaled a breath as the screen went blank and then heard running footsteps sounding from the hallway brought a hand to Sochi shaking the Builder and frowned getting no response but sensed that he was alive. Jinks heard footsteps enter the room looked to see men wearing oxygen masks and Master Organization uniforms went to him yanking him away from Sochi followed by one putting an oxygen mask on the lower half of his face forcing him to sit down. He coughed violently as he saw a male pick up the candle and takes it out of his sight as he coughed violently breathing the air from the oxygen mask. 
Jinks saw one of the men look at him with flaring golden eyes which he spoke muffled talk sounding loudly “I was demonstrating a trick involving lighting a candle by my power abilities. How am I supposed to know that the candle had something to put people to sleep?”
He fisted his hands narrowing his eyes glaring back at the male who stopped flaring golden eyes followed by hearing the man speak which he strained to understand despite the male wearing an oxygen mask “Where did you acquire the candle?”
He heard from Lance “Just admit that you found it in your bathroom drawer due to exploring the area.”
He spoke “I found that thing in my bathroom drawer during my explorations. Torresin confronted me on lighting a candle saying it was detected and not allowed in here. I demonstrated that I could light it with my power abilities. Don’t sue me for being too stupid to realize that thing was the type to knock people out.” 
He gave up a roaring sound of anger felt a hand on his shoulder in a gentle grip but felt the hand’s purpose was to keep him seated in the chair which he didn’t protest to that. He continued to sit glaring at the male who looked away which he saw him looking to see Torresin lifted up and placed in a chair while wearing an oxygen mask on the Builder’s face. He continued to watch Torresin come to life coughing violently with form shaking with eyes darting around confusion in them. Jinks formed a glare on his face and aimed it at Torresin who looked at him and saw the Builder narrow his eyes with suspicion in them which he waved a fisted hand towards the male. He saw one of the oxygen masked men lean down near Torresin’s ear and saw the man’s mouth moving. 
He lip read saying “The weapon admitted to demonstrating a trick with a candle by lighting it with his power abilities but denies having any knowledge of it having the ability to knock people out.”
He saw Torresin’s eyes narrow before the Builder shifted his head towards the man which he lip read him speaking “Have the Meritanians knock the weapon out and put him in the whipping room. It should teach him a lesson for that stunt he pulled.”
Jinks frowned as the male removed his oxygen mask to speak in foreign language sounding like using the voice followed by feeling sleepiness hitting him which he shook his head and felt the oxygen mask yanked off his face as sleepiness became dominant followed by blackness of nothing. 

Jinks came to hearing snickering sounds followed by a familiar voice speaking “Tell the Builders that hitting the weapon with a whip isn’t an effective move on punishing him.” 
He frowned as he felt pain hitting his back jerked open his eyes to find himself clad in only in his underwear shorts while having his front leaning against a metal rimmed fence and hands above his head manacles wrapped around his wrists. He jerked grimacing as he felt an object like a rope hitting his back repeatedly over and over that brought pain. His eyes traveled to see that he was underneath a spotlight surrounded by inky darkness and he saw Torresin standing on the edge of the spotlight face in a glare with arms folded as the object he assumed was a whip hit him on the back repeatedly bringing pain. He felt himself getting furiously angry from the whip hitting him roared out an angry cry as he felt the rage episode arrive within him and felt himself yanking his wrists free from the manacles as he was put out unconscious. 

Jinks frowned as he came by alarm sound to recall the snicker sounds and the voice as Lance’s. 
He heard a voice speaking he recognized as Ramses “Ugh its not the first time he’s been whipped before. He’s been whipped a few times and his reaction to that has been the same. It’s blowing a temper tantrum and letting the rage episode take control and being uncontrollable while under its influence including doing damage to equipment and violently hurting people in the vicinity. Lance Richard recommends you think of another way of punishing him besides doing whipping.”
He frowned to feel himself lying on a bed that felt like his in the penthouse as Ramses became silent followed by the familiar headache stopping. He jerked open his eyes as he felt a furry face rubbing his face which he lurched up to hear a yowl and stiffened as he felt pressure on his lap followed by furry head rubbing his chin as the alarm cut its noises. He sighed feeling the head’s owner as Missy felt for her back and rubbed it feeling it arch underneath his hand as he looked around finding himself in the penthouse bedroom and looked down at himself finding himself again wearing his clothes and shoes but felt a powerful irritation feeling hitting him. He sighed feeling his back was sore but the pain wasn’t much as he gently removed Missy off his lap getting no protest from her and went into the bathroom in a quick move. 

Jinks walked out of the bathroom fresh from showering and wearing clean clothes and the bullet proof vest still underneath his top. He then walked back into it to the sink’s drawer to yank it open finding the candles gone from it and it was filled with cloth that appeared to be wash cloths. He proceeded to yank open other drawers finding them filled with bathroom required items in them then shut them once done. 
He thought to himself “What the depths was people up to having me remember the candle lighting trick?”
He heard nothing in response exhaled a breath to leave the bathroom going to the bedroom doors yanking them open to find Bill in his familiar spot. 
Jinks spoke “What the depths happened to me and going on around here?”
He saw nervousness appear on the butler’s face as the Builder spoke “I’m not ordered to say what you asked.” 
He gave a sound of disgust left Bill going down the hallway and entered the dining room to find Torresin wearing an arm sling over his left arm with a device appearing to be on it and having a face looking like it was bruised. Jinks exhaled a breath went to the table finding a familiar cup full of pink liquid there which he gulped down and slammed the cup on the table before folding his arms glaring at Torresin who looked at him with eyes narrowed in suspicion. 
He continued to glare at Torresin as he spoke “Spill it what the depths happened to you to look like that?”
He narrowed his eyes glaring at Torresin who spoke in a slurred voice tone “Nothing to concern you.” 
Jinks spoke “It concerns me seeing that you should be in bed resting instead of up and around with the injuries you appear to have. I’m betting that you’re more injured than you appear.” 
He saw Torresin form a grimace before the Builder again slurred “My injuries are not your concern, just be concerned about yourself.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust and spoke “I’m going to the gym room to practice karate so excuse me.” 
He made a move to towards the dining room entrance only to hear Sochi speaking “Your doctor told me to tell you that you’re to hold off doing physical activities for awhile due to detected injuries to your body that you haven’t been acknowledging.” 
He turned to face Sochi and spoke in an angry tone “The only injury I’m feeling is from having some whip hitting my back and that’s about it.” 
He glared at Sochi who appeared to ignore him typing on the laptop which he gave up a growl and walked out of the dining room only to get blocked by Torresin who pointed a finger passed him. 
He heard Torresin slur “Our business here isn’t finished and you should follow doctor’s orders by sitting and not doing much.” 
Jinks reached with both hands grabbing Torresin’s jacket and lifted the Builder up dangling his feet while glaring at him. 
Torresin slurred “I insist you follow doctor’s orders and my orders as well.” 
He let go of Torresin and allowed the Builder to drop to the floor who stumbled his footing which he went to a chair and sat in it leaning back folding his arms glaring at Sochi typing on the lap top that ignored his glare. Jinks exhaled a breath as Torresin limped into view to lean over Sochi while peering at the lap top computer. He heard nothing from the Builders but silence figured that Torresin was too hurt to talk by the slurred voice tone he used. 
Jinks felt himself annoyed to think “Why the depths are people hiding things from me around here instead of just sharing the information with me? Its not helping me cooperate with them instead its making me rebellious and very angry at them.” 
He heard from Lance “Busy don’t disturb.”
Jinks exhaled a breath to hear Torresin slur “You want to say something Mr. Montreal?”
Jinks eyed Torresin and spoke “Nothing just left to thinking my thoughts due to not having much to do besides sitting here bored.” 
He saw Torresin shake his head followed by eyeing the lap top over Sochi's shoulder which he continued to eye the Builder leaning over. 
He mentally thought “What injuries is Sochi babbling about? All I have is a back injury due to it being whipped. Ugh.” 
He heard nothing from Lance quietly slid the chair back as far from the table then waited as the Builders appeared to not notice him got up from the chair and tiptoed out of the dining room which he walked in the hallway sensing for Missy and found her in the bedroom on his bed that stood up arching her back. He went to her and gave her attention rubbing her back and heard her give off a yowl followed by darting off the bed going underneath it as he heard a loud growl sound coming from the doorway. 
Jinks looked to see Torresin flaring golden eyes that slurred “Your jokes of slipping out unnoticed have come to an end. If you continue to do that I will suggest that you be fitted with restraints to restrict your movements. You were told by Sochin, as he calls himself now instead of his name of Sochi, to take it easy by doctor’s orders which meant lots of sitting and not doing much.” 
He gave up a growl in an angry sound while glaring at Torresin who added “Hit the dining room now and stay there.” 
He obeyed sensing the Builder following him which he went to sit and sat down watching Torresin again resumed his position over Sochin typing on the lap top computer. He felt himself bored with the situation continued to stew getting annoyed with Torresin not sharing things with him. He felt himself getting more annoyed as he started growling an angry sound softly. He continued to growl feeling himself getting angry and heard his growling become louder and louder which got Torresin to look at him with golden eyes while putting a hand over his mouth. He ignored Torresin’s gesture continued to growl and with a roar stood up knocking the chair down only to hear Sochin’s voice using the voice tone speaking in foreign language and felt himself compelled to sit down using the chair which he found himself obeying but still angry. He glared at Torresin who slurred foreign language which he heard Sochin converse back followed by the Builders again conversing back and forth in their untranslatable language. He felt himself getting angrier felt a rage episode come within him allowed the feeling through putting him out to dream of an image of Barry lying in a horizontal cylinder tube appearing to be asleep. He continued to dream as the scene changed to show Lance which he frowned seeing who looked at him with a glare on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “I get the impression around here that Torresin has taken control of the Hammer group from Alexei. He has Sochin type on the computer what he requests to view on the screen. Meritania, from communicating with Barry to me has been put in a life tube at the Zeskaya hospital. Also Barry has been put in a suspended animation sleep tube due to that his medical condition makes it impossible for him to be in a life tube. That was due to the Builders detecting him doing something to you they didn’t appreciate and thought it was interfering with their war against the High Council. Oh that candle lighting thing was Barry’s idea just to help you remember how to do that ability but it’s not what he activated in you. It’s something else.” 
He frowned as Lance placed hands on his chest and forehead feeling himself still calm but confused on why his father would do that to him. 
Lance continued speaking “I regret to inform you that Sochin isn’t kidding about you having injuries besides your back injury. You have some injuries from fighting Ajax repeatedly along with fighting Highlanders when you were sent to get both Ajax and Jixi so lay off the karate for awhile as ordered.” 
He spoke as Lance paused “How come I don’t feel anything besides my back sore from the whipping?”
He frowned as Lance gave off a groan sound loudly before his father spoke “Ah that’s from having a high tolerance to pain and able to function normally despite having injuries to the body. I suspect it’s a non Human issue and not a Highlander issue either. I think the whipping was more painful than the injuries you had hence you feeling your back sorer than other areas.” 
Jinks groaned loudly as he spoke “What’s with Torresin not honest with his injured state?”
He stared at Lance who spoke “That lying is from holding the leadership position and trying to appear strong to the other Builders just to keep the position. There are others detected who want the leadership and are willing to remove Torresin at the slightest weakness found hence the Builder not admitting that he’s more injured that he normally is.”
He continued to frown as Lance forced his eyes shut and he came to find himself still in the chair but there was metal felt around his neck, wrists and ankles areas. He again saw Sochin typing on the computer along with Torresin still looking hurt leaning over him. He pulled a sleeve to examine the metal to see it was wrapped around his wrist with light on it blinking red. 
He exhaled a breath to think “Don’t tell me this thing is actually a pain device restraint.”
He heard nothing from Lance figured that Torresin would detect his father talking and ask him to comment on something like he has done at previous times Lance communicated to him. He continued to eye the Builders who continued to converse in foreign language with Torresin still slurring his words. Jinks frowned as Torresin disappeared in a flash of light followed by Sochin looking over his shoulder and shrugging then resumed typing onto the lap top before folding the thing in half and getting up holding it by a handle. 
He eyed Sochin who spoke to him in Summeran “Just take it easy for awhile till your doctor, okays you to resume your Combative Art practice. You’re more injured than you think or feel you are.” 
He shrugged as Sochin walked out of sight and heard the Builder leave the room. Jinks got up and cued his senses for Missy to sense her underneath the table which he bent down and peered at her crouching with ears flat on top of her head. He eyed Missy who gave up a meow sounding like she was annoyed before walking up to him and rubbing her face on his ankle which he bent down further to rub her back and felt it arch underneath his hand. He sighed as she walked to her bowls he saw her and watched her sniff the food followed by eating it then lapping some water before darting out of the room out of sight. He exhaled a breath thinking of his book in the library room and thought that he’ll go to there and read. Jinks walked to the dining room entrance to grimace feeling zapping pain appearing to be from the metal restraints on him vibrating throughout him. He breathed deeply through his mouth halting his walk to roll his sleeve and brought a hand to the restraint on his right wrist picking at it to discover it appeared to be imbedded deeply in his wrist like implanted. Jinks exhaled another breath and took a step towards the entrance only to again feel zapping pain that made him grimace forming it on his face. Jinks heard footsteps walking fast pace heading towards him from the hallway stood composing his face in a neutral expression while rolling his sleeve and folding his arms waiting. His patience was rewarded by Sochin looking annoyed entering the room still carrying the laptop followed by a familiar male that flashed golden eyes of a Builder. He stiffened recognizing the male as the one who talked to Ajax he saw through Jixi’s eyes point of view. He turned his form watching the Builders enter the room going to the table and watched as Sochin sat down and opened the laptop and began typing on it as the male stood behind him. 
Jinks spoke “Didn’t catch your name sir.”
He waited as the male looked at him with some glare before speaking in a sneering voice tone “My name is not your concern, Mr. Montreal so sit down now.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth went to sit down in a chair and eyed the two Builders to again see them resume familiar language tones along with the male appearing to lean over Sochin’s shoulder who continued to type onto the lap top. He felt sleepiness shut his eyes leaning back in the chair to dream of facing Lance. 
Lance spoke “That Builder who won’t give his name has been nicknamed Boo for refusing to give his name to people at meetings. I’m not sure if he’s aware of the nickname or not. Just don’t call him Boo in his face until a Builder Okays it.” 
Jinks frowned and felt his eyes forced shut. 
He came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he looked to see Bill who spoke “It’s rather rude to fall asleep when you have guests.”
Jinks spoke “Then get me a book to read due to boredom while in here.” 
He heard “Belay that order Mr. Butler.” 
Jinks eyed the familiar Builder he figured he’ll refer as Boo but keep his mouth shut about that. 
He spoke “What am I supposed to do sitting here Mister Builder? I’m bored.”
He glared at Boo who glared back before the Builder spoke as Bill went out of sight “Just put up with it Mr. Montreal. Now I have a job for you.”
He formed disgust on his face as Boo spoke in foreign language using the voice and felt his rage episode come onto him putting him out. 

Jinks woke up hearing the alarm blaring which he jerked open his eyes finding himself in the bedroom on his bed. 
He mentally spoke “Alright what did Boo have me do this time?” 
He heard from Lance “He had you torture Torresin to give up the password to certain locked computer files on you. Ugh Torresin passed out from that but the Meritanians managed to blab the password to Boo which he had you stop the torture.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath got up from the bed and entered the bathroom. He stripped himself of clothes and examined himself naked to see his body and sensed nothing seriously wrong entered the shower and heard clinking noises as he felt metal around his neck, wrists, and ankles split apart in two falling off of him onto the floor. He sighed and rubbed his wrist with a hand examining it to find nothing seriously wrong with it. He proceeded to clean himself thoroughly then once done pick up the restraints and dumped them in the sink which he went to the towel and dried himself. Jinks put on clean clothes including the bullet proof vest along with his familiar sneakers. He brushed his hair then picked up the restraints carrying them out of the bathroom which he frowned looking around wondering to himself where to put them. His eye fell on a dresser next to the bed which he went to putting the restraints on top of it and began yanking open drawers. He found one empty of blankets and pajamas that consisted of pants which he placed the restraints in the empty drawer. He sighed and heard a meow sound feeling a face rubbing his ankle which he bent down to rub Missy’s back that arched underneath his hand. He sighed as she ran out of underneath his hand which he watched her go on top of his bed to her cat bed to sit in it on her side and curled into a ball appearing to sleep. He sighed straightening up his form and sighed again and went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to find Bill there looking nervous which annoyed him but he walked by the butler ignoring him and went to the dining room to find Sochin typing on the lap top along with Boo standing over him. He found food set for him on the table which he sat and ate everything then pushed the tray aside and stared at Boo who looked at him with a glare. 
He frowned as Boo spoke “Show me your wrist Mr. Montreal.” 
He heard the firmness in Boo’s voice obeyed showing his left wrist that was freed of the restraint to see Boo’s look become more glaring. 
Jinks spoke “I’m told that my body would expel whatever implant I have in certain body areas through whatever places it can do that.”
He clamped his mouth shut as Boo spoke in foreign language talking to Sochin who replied and frowned as the Builders’ conversation appeared lengthy sighed feeling himself bored again placed a hand on his cheek and elbow on the armrest while continuing to stare at the Builders. He heard Boo speak using the voice and felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who looked annoyed. 
Lance spoke “Jinks, don’t you remember anything about teaching your offspring the source and its power abilities?”
He frowned hearing Lance’s question as Ramses’ voice cut in speaking “Actually he’s busy talking to Lance Richard at the moment. You want Lance Richard to make him to wake up for you?”
Jinks shifted his eyes towards the Meritanians who all had heads bowed. 
He stared at Ramses who continued talking “Actually Lance Richard asked Horus if he remembered anything about teaching his offspring about certain power abilities.” 
Jinks felt himself annoyed glared at the Meritanians as Ramses raised his head and spoke “Wake up Horus will you? They want him up.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he jerked open his eyes to see the hand’s owner was Bill who echoed his familiar words about it being rude to fall asleep in front of guests before fading from view. Jinks sighed and felt metal around his wrists eyed them to see that they had handcuffs on them. He raised the wrists in eye level sight and with a jerk of his arms got the handcuffs off of his wrists with a loud snapping sound which it fell onto his lap. He picked up the handcuffs and carelessly tossed them onto the table and shifted to notice Boo and Sochin staring at him with different looks on their faces. He saw Boo had a glare on his face with suspiciousness in his eyes while Sochin appeared shocked. Jinks sighed as he recalled when he discovered that handcuffs were easily snapped off by himself manipulating his arms spoke the memory as Sochin he saw resumed typing. 

He was a sophomore in High School going to school walking to it when he saw his familiar bullies teammates of a sporting team nearby making threatening gestures with their hands aimed at him. He ignored them by going to the school only to get his arms grabbed and wrists brought together and felt metal on them which he discovered were handcuffs. 
He felt himself angry only to hear a voice feminine sounding in his mind he later identified as one of the Meritanians “Just break the handcuffs smarty. You’re strong enough to do that.” 
He glared at the bullies as one of them waved a set of keys in his eyes sight while the males were laughing which he raised his wrists eye level and with a jerking motion broke off the handcuffs. He saw the bullies halt their laughing to stare at him with widen eyes and shocked looks on their faces as he glared at them and without a word adjusted his backpack and walked away from them going into school to notice the coach standing outside the doors looking like he had witnessed the scene by the expression of shock on his face. He ignored the coach and went into school and didn’t hear anything from the student body about the handcuff stunt during school. 

Jinks continued to add talking about that himself handcuffed by the bullies wasn’t the last time they pulled that stunt. They pulled onto him in the locker room as he was changing into his sporting uniform but didn’t stick around waiting to see what he’ll do with them which he easily broke them off of him and put on the rest of his uniform then went to practice. The coach made him run around the field twice for being late like he always does to teammates who were late to practice. Jinks continued later after practice the bullies tried to grab him but he used karate defense moves to get out of their hands due to lip reading them during practice discussing on grabbing him and dumping him in the garbage can seat first and seeing if he could free himself from that. He managed to avoid them grabbing him which the coach for some unexplained reason still unknown entered the locker room and put an end to that and that the male refused to leave the locker room instead proceeded to stand near one of the entrances with arms folded a glare on his face. He managed to get dressed fast and got out of the locker room which he speed walked out of school and got home without any incidents from the bullies. He adds that the bullies for some reason quit trying to grab him in the locker room to dump him in the trash can and haven’t bothered to attempt it. The bullies in question have gotten away with sticking kick me signs on his back which he managed to detect and yank off before any of the student body attempted to obey the sign’s order of kicking him. 

Jinks halted his talking to sigh and spoke “That’s about it.”
He placed a hand on his cheek and elbow on the armrest to stare at Boo who spoke in foreign language followed by Sochin speaking back in the same language which he continued to listen to them conversing in untranslatable language feeling bored with them chatting to each other. Jinks frowned as he recalled memories of himself teaching Robert the use of the Master power abilities when his son was in high school as ordered by Lance with input from his father on the teaching. He stiffened as a memory came to his mind recalling his mother forbidding him to play a sporting game of paintball while sensing she was nervous about something but firm about him playing the game. He frowned recalling that he got into an argument with his mother about the forbidding and accused her of hiding something due to sensing she was nervous and signed that in her face. His mother used her voice despite her deafness and told him in some voice tone that the argument was over and that he was forbidden period. Jinks continued to stiffen with realizing that the voice tone his mother used was identical to the Builders’ voice tones when they ordered people to do things compellingly. He frowned as he recalled himself put in a Master army group by Nathan Baxter and trained alongside them including them playing a game of paintball as training for shooting in fights which he played among them. He frowned recalling himself picked by paper out of a hat with his name as the target for five others in the paintball game to shoot at and him to shoot them down for either to win the game. Jinks frowned remembering himself hiding behind a leaning board held up by a box holding a paintball gun waiting for the whistle to blow to start the game and felt the Master willed through him along with feeling himself abruptly out of it but ignored the sensation to play the game as the whistle blew followed by being put out by a feeling of a rage episode arriving within him but didn’t feel the anger. Jinks shifted his eyes to stare at the table frowning to himself that he was later told by the General in a private conversation that he was not to play paintball again and that the male refused to explain to him the reason why. He frowned sensing that something happened during the paintball game that his mother feared would happen hence the forbidding along with the General ordering him to not to play again. Jinks frowned staring at the table as he remembered that the five men he played paintball with have refused to talk to him about the game when he brought it up in their presence and that they told him the General told them not to talk about it period which he sensed was a lie but didn’t point it out to them. He continued to feel himself confused till an image of himself wearing rugby shirt, jeans and sneakers flashed in his mind with a red splotch on his leg while lying on a rugged floor. He frowned as he saw himself in his mind wake up with a jerk having Builder eyes surrounded by blackness and some angry look on his face. 
He felt sleepiness yawned loudly and got no response from the Builders and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who spoke “That paintball game of yours that you played none of the men got to fire their guns for you took them all out before they could move from their spots. Thought I would let you know of that your mother was aware of being a Builder and was worried that you would display some of that trait while playing paintball hence she forbidding you to play that game. The Builders back then were scared of revealing themselves to the public and kept them hidden hence your mother having that attitude.” 
Jinks groaned softly hearing Lance’s words as his father continued to talk “Oh I got to warn you that the ability Barry activated in you is very nasty enough to cause trouble for other people. I can’t say if that ability will cause trouble for the Builders or not. I haven’t seen it in action against them but I’ve seen it cause a problem among others which I’m not saying who they are.” 
Jinks continued to groan as he felt his eyes forced shut came to find himself still sitting in a chair while feeling a hand shaking his shoulder he sensed belonged to Bill. He spoke echoing Bill’s words with sarcasm then felt the butler leave by hand removed and sensed Bill’s presence gone. 
He eyed Boo who glared at him with golden eyes which the Builder spoke “That tone is not appropriate for you to use in my presence so don’t do it again.” 
Jinks sighed and figured it was best not to answer shifted to stare at the table finding the tray holding dishware gone from it. He groaned softly thinking that he’ll try to sneak out of the dining room at the first opportunity to go to the library to read his book. He eyed the Builders that appeared to not be paying attention to him which he slowly slid the chair away from the table then got up tiptoeing towards the entrance which he went through and sensed his senses blare warning but sensed nothing serious which he stiffened as Boo appeared in front of him with a golden eyed glare on his face. 
Jinks groaned softly as Boo pointed a finger and spoke “Dining room now!”
He found himself obeying to turn around eyeing the door jambs to see devices with red lights on them on there. He figured to himself that the devices blabbed him leaving the dining room to the Builders by reporting it onto Sochin’s lap top. Jinks felt himself annoyed went to sit down and with a sigh waited as the Builders appeared to not notice him willed the Master through and quietly got up heading towards the doorway entrance which he waved a hand willing the devices to jamb then walked through only to face Boo glaring with a golden eyed glare. 
Boo he stared at spoke “Dining room now!”
He spoke “Sure Boo.” 
Jinks turned around only to hear Boo speak “What did you call me?!”
He turned around and spoke “Boo. I heard that’s your nickname due to that you have refused to say your name to people at meetings.” 
He thrust out a foot kicking Boo in the stomach which he saw had hands fisted that bent down before again charging at him. Jinks waved a hand mentally ordering Boo to sleep and saw his order obeyed as the Builder rolled his eyes falling to the floor unconscious. He frowned as Boo disappeared in a flash of light and with a sigh went to the library yanking open the doors to frown seeing a blonde male wearing a suit flashing golden eyes of a Builder inside. 
Jinks frowned as the male spoke “Hit the dining room now.” 
He waved a hand mentally ordering the male to sleep and saw his order obeyed which he grabbed the male and yanked him out of the library disposing him on the floor then went inside shutting the doors shut. He went to a chair and sat picking up his book finding that he had to scan it for where he was in it. He found his place and began reading it only to hear a Builder voice using the tone and felt the Master willed away from him followed by the book yanked from his hands slammed on the table. 
He felt annoyance to glare at the same blonde male who he put him asleep that was awake and speaking “You’re wanted in the dining room so go there now.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust got up and went to the dining room to find another male a black haired Builder with hair that was pulled back in a small length tail was there leaning over Sochin typing onto the computer as he went to sit down. He sensed the blonde behind him that kept his standing position. Jinks felt himself bored with the Builders’ talk hearing the black haired one using the voice tone and felt himself falling asleep passing out unconscious. 

He came to feel metal around his wrists and ankles and a hand shaking his shoulder which he looked to see belonged to the familiar blond Builder who looked annoyed before resuming to standing behind him. Jinks exhaled a breath to bring his feet onto the table to see that the ankles were handcuffed together as were his wrists. He glared at the black haired Builder that gave up a loud growling sound before disappearing in a flash of light which he heard the blond behind him using the voice followed by the male arriving back looking wet all over. He frowned as the black haired Builder spoke something in foreign language then left the room as the blond one went to stand behind Sochin. He frowned as he got an image of a familiar door in his mind stiffened with recognition and realized that it was part of what Barry activated in him which required the Master in control. He willed the Master through and then focused on the door in his mind mentally sliding it open to feel an odd feeling which he snapped off the handcuffs on his ankles and wrists to get up from the chair eyed by the Builders staring at him. He went to the blonde and brought a fist into his face that fell backwards hitting the floor as he in a quick move grabbed Sochin by the throat gagging him and thrust him out of the chair lifting him up. He brought a fist into Sochin’s face then let go of him to toss him backwards. He turned to stare at the lap top showing nothing but a white screen with printed words on it. He heard a male Builder voice speaking using the voice and foreign language behind him which he spun around to glare at two males wearing Master army clothes holding guns in their hands as one of them continued speaking which he glared at only to feel sleepiness shook his head to feel the Master willed away from him along with the door in his mind shutting followed by hitting the floor going unconscious. 

Jinks woke up hearing a ringing sound jerked himself up from a bed to feel himself wearing different clothing that felt like Master army clothes which he looked to see that they were in the color black along with the shoes on his feet felt like light weight boots. He looked around to find himself in a room that was identical to the one Jixi and Ajax stayed in and figured that they both were in another cell similar to the one he was in. Jinks smelled food looked to see a table in a corner with a stool and there was a tray holding dishware of food on it. He got up and went to the stool to sit and proceeded to gobble up the food feeling himself terribly hungry. He found two cups holding strawberry milkshake which he gulped down and once done went to sit on the bed feeling himself satisfied to take in nourishment. He eyed the door to see it slide open followed by the familiar black haired male with two males wearing Master army clothes. 
He frowned as the black haired male spoke “Mr. Montreal, get up and put on the items I request you to wear.” 
He obeyed as one of the males handed him cloth which he discovered was a mask that covered his entire head but left his eyes and areas around them bare. He frowned as he was handed gloves then the other male handed him a gun that looked like a syringe gun to him. 
He felt himself confused as the black haired male spoke again holding a device in his hand flashing a hologram picture of a male wearing a suit “This is your target. You’re to inject the dart into his neck on his right side just below his ear and that’s all you have to do.” 
Jinks stiffened recognizing the male on the hologram as Torresin frowned as the black haired male spoke in foreign language using the voice. He felt the Master willed forwards along with seeing the door in his mind sliding open and again felt the oddness hitting him. He blinked his eyes as the scene changed to show a glass paned door which he looked around finding himself on a porch of a mansion that looked familiar with a yard illuminated by lights shining underneath a dark night sky. He turned to face the door and waved a hand watching it open and stepped into the room seeing it was a bedroom and saw a male he recognized as Torresin lying asleep on it with a young female with long black hair leaning over him putting a hand on the Builder’s forehead before turning around in a quick move facing him with surprise on her face. Jinks walked forwards to see the female charge towards him growling loudly with hands fisted which he waved a hand mentally ordering her to sleep and saw his order obeyed by her halting her charge to shake her head and fall to the floor with form still. He went to Torresin and hesitated staring at the Builder still asleep and not obvious to anything around him. Jinks felt nothing wrong happening eyed Torresin who continued to sleep as he reached with the dart gun and injected the contents into the Builder’s neck on the right side underneath his ear. He heard some screaming sound frowned for it sounded in his mind as the screaming stopped then stepped back from the bed walking towards the porch door only to halt when his eye fell on the female lying on the ground. He stared at her and felt an odd feeling hitting him that made him eye her mouth and felt an urge to kiss her there. He squatted and lifted her up finding her still unconscious despite his manipulating. He lifted part of his mask baring his lips and kissed her on the lips feeling the oddness become stronger along with a feeling in his sensitive part which he continued to kiss her then halted hearing a banging noise which he gently lowered her onto the floor before straightening his form. He adjusted his mask and hand still holding the dart gun went to the open porch door and stepped out shutting just as he heard a crashing sound sounding loudly behind him. He blinked his eyes to find himself back in his cell not alone for the black haired male was there still accompanied by familiar males. He frowned as the black haired male spoke foreign language using the voice and he saw the door in his mind slide shut followed by the Master willed away from him. 
Jinks frowned as the black haired male spoke “Give the items you were given back now.” 
He obeyed to strip himself of his gloves and mask along with handing back the dart gun then ordered by the black haired male to lie down and sleep. He obeyed to see the three males leave the room which he shut his eyes to dream of standing underneath a tree seeing Lance on the beach facing a black haired female wearing a black dress. 
Jinks frowned recognizing the female as the one he put asleep with the Master in control as Lance spoke sounding annoyed “What do you expect me to do, Lavinia? Any person I contact in the building wound up blabbing that to Builders under their voice order which they tell the person that I’m nothing but a dream that should be ignored. I haven’t been able to do anything to stop this situation from happening in the first place. The Builders have him under their control and there’s nothing I can do about it.” 
Jinks frowned as the female he assumed was called Lavinia looked off her left appearing to see him and stiffened as she faded from view followed by appearing to stand in front of him with a glare on her face reaching a hand to his forehead which he felt his eyes forced shut and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a ringing sound which he jerked open his eyes to hear the sound continue loudly sounding like a fire alarm to him which his hands grabbed wrists to see standing over him was a female form wearing black clothing and a mask covering her face baring her eyes. He stiffened seeing in her left hand was a syringe gun as he using great strength pushed her backwards letting go of her. He got up from the bed in a quick move as she regained her footing and charged towards him still holding the gun. He hesitated feeling an oddness feeling hitting him as the female reached him aiming the gun at his neck which he again grabbed her wrist only to feel pain in his sensitive part as she kneed him there making him grunt loudly. He continued to grip her wrist as she again kneed him which he used his free hand to block her knees heading towards his sensitive part as he left go of her wrist. He found himself using his hands to block her kicking at him using karate movements as he heard a door sliding sound and heard a gun cocking sounds. He looked away to see two males holding guns standing in the room and jerked as he felt a stinging pain in the side of his neck of a syringe gun followed by sleepiness hitting him which he fell towards the floor and shut his eyes. 

Jinks dreamed of Lance having an all black eyed glare and got gagged on the throat by his father who growled loudly. 
He gagged out “How long was I out asleep by that female’s drug?”
He stared at Lance who spoke “Asleep? Poisoned was more like it smarty. You were out for fourteen days which you did it again causing both the Builders and the High Council a lot of trouble getting them to do a parley due to that both figured out that you were the one behind the trouble they were experiencing. They both wound up working together to stop you from your attacks which they tried all sorts of methods to get the poison out of your system and get you up and awake just to stop the attacks. Even the city’s inhabitants had to get involved in this due to being aware of what was going on by you blabbing it to them. Harrumph.” 
Jinks groaned while gagged as he gagged out “What happened to me anyway?”
He felt Lance’s hand become more ironclad as his father spoke “Oh the reason why you’re talking to me is because someone figured out how to get the poison out of your system which you’re completely withdrawn from but you’re still recovering from its affects hitting your body at the moment. I should tell you that there’s one good thing that came out of this situation is your no longer in the Builders’ hands and won’t be doing much work for them for awhile no matter how they beg for you to do it.”
He frowned as he felt his eyes forced shut jerked opened his eyes finding himself lying on a mattress from the feel of it and saw a ceiling looking familiar with walls all around him in a rectangle shape and a round window with bars on it near the ceiling above his head letting in light of sunlight illuminating the room. He checked himself to discover that he was naked with a rough blanket on top of him up to his chest which he sat up to discover a door looking wooden in the wall looking shut and familiar that confused him. He looked around the room to find it was on the small side but roomy enough for him to lie stretched out if he stretched his arms and legs.
He exhaled a breath to think “Where I am and why this place is looking familiar?”
He heard from Lance “Busy don’t disturb.” 
Jinks groaned softly figuring out that the Meritanians were scanning Lance’s mind again on Builder orders to check on him. He rubbed a hand on his forehead and removed the blanket off his form standing up to notice a bucket sitting near the door which he went to and saw it empty and eyed the looks of it figuring out what its purpose was. He exhaled a breath and figured that he’ll use it. 

Jinks groaned softly once done using the bucket sighed and moved the blanket aside to sit on the mattress and began doing his stretching exercises senses cued to his body for complaints. He felt stiffness in his body and felt the feeling going away as he stretched out his form then swung himself up finding himself still doing it perfectly with no problems. He began doing his familiar Kata keeping himself alert for the walls to avoid hitting them accidentally and felt himself getting weary after he finished the karate. He yawned surprising himself and figured that some sleep will do him some good which he laid down on the mattress and pulled the blanket to cover his body up to his chest and stared at the ceiling as sleepiness arrived which he shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to smelling something that made his stomach grumble in hunger which he jerked open his eyes and sat up to see a tray holding odd dishware full of food and drinks along with silverware next to them on it. He sighed and got up from the bed and went to the tray to sit down crossed legged putting it on his lap. He felt himself ravenously hungry ate everything in huge bites chewing it fast then gulped down the two cups holding liquid that the taste reminded him of strawberry milkshake but sensed that they were something else than that drink. He sighed once done eating to put the tray on the floor then got up thinking that he’ll sit leaning against the wall and eye the door for anyone to come in and take the tray. He picked up the blanket wrapping it around him and went to the window’s wall to sit leaning against it and eyed the door feeling sleepiness sighed and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who looked at him with Human blue eyes narrowed. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “A certain somebody told me that you kissed a female on the lips after you knocked her out but that was detected and investigated due to certain things regarding that female. They managed to detect the drug in Torresin’s system and did something to get it out which he at the moment is currently recovering from that.” 
Jinks groaned out “What’s with the Builders having me drug Torresin for?”
He saw Lance’s eyes turn all black that made him stiffen as his father spoke “That drugging was them testing you to see if you’ll do what they wanted as their servant and assassin. Too bad someone found out about that and halted their plans for you by having you poisoned with some sort of poison that even the Builders didn’t have knowledge of or the antidote just to get you out of their hands.”
Jinks groaned loudly and felt himself gagged on the throat by Lance’s hand as his father continued talking “I expect no complaints from you regarding people telling you what to do while under their care so put up with it period. Also believe me those people know what their doing towards you so don’t whine to me about how things are going while living with them.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut felt himself passing out unconscious only to come to finding himself still in the room in a lying position on the mattress and not leaning against the wall. He frowned as he felt the blanket was on top of him instead of wrapped around him. Jinks sighed and sat up finding the door ajar. 
He stiffened as he heard a familiar voice sounding in his mind “No uh I can’t do that. I’ve been Builder ordered not to transport Horus to you, sorry.”
Jinks felt annoyance hitting him as he recognized the voice as Ramses which continued “You’re not the only Builder group around here that have sinister purposes for Horus and believe me I really mean it when I said the word sinister.” 
He folded his arms forming a glare on his face as Ramses kept talking “Sorry but that’s not going to work. That Builder who said the order used specific words I can’t even say what they are or say who the person is. There’s nothing I can do about it. I can’t even transport the Builder to you due to that the person ordered me to not to do that.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust as Ramses paused but felt the headache still on followed by the Meritanian speaking “Oh I can’t identify the Builder who said it due to that they can detect us plants scanning them. Their reasons I could get for pulling this stunt on you was retaliating against you having Horus poison an injured Builder which have them furious about that. They figured out from what I could tell that you were using Horus as some weapon and put him out of commission and out of your hands as some form of retaliation.”
Jinks felt himself getting more annoyed as Ramses continued talking “No! Their not working for the High Council! Their just a Builder group! Sheesh!”
He rubbed a hand on his forehead as Ramses kept talking in a calmer tone “Don’t bother asking Lance Richard. He’s not a know-it-all. He only knows what Horus knows and he knows input from eavesdropping on us plants talking to people which he shares with Horus from time to time but don’t expect him to know everything around here like we do.” 
Jinks sighed as the headache stopped which he figured that Ramses stopped talking and again eyed the door to find it still open. He got up and went to the door pushing it wider to peer out finding a hallway lighted by a candle with holder attached to the wall. He frowned to hear chanting noises in male tones sounding off his right which he felt compelled to investigate left the room going down the hallway to see a large doorway opening on his left which he looked in to see a large room lighted by multiple candle lights and saw figures in orange he counted about ten with five separated by an aisle all having backs to him facing a figure in black back to him facing a large statue of a male form sitting crossed legged. He frowned seeing the room looked familiar felt himself confused racking his memory of where he was and finding nothing came to his mind. 
He mentally thought “Why is the place familiar and I can’t remember its name?” 
He heard nothing from Lance to answer his question heard the chanting continue that compelled him to enter the room which he obeyed walking in the aisle to kneel at the edge of the aisle’s length behind the figure in black and shut his eyes only to hear a loud noise of hand clapping sounding loudly cutting the chanting noises. He jerked open his eyes to find an Asian male looking old by the grey hair and wearing a black karate uniform with a black belt at the waist facing him in a kneeling pose while having some look on the male’s face that made him think it was disapproval. Jinks gulped a bit realizing that he was naked and not wearing any clothes kept his hands on his thighs and made no attempt to cover his sensitive part as the Asian continued to stare at him with disapproval look changing to one that looked familiar but couldn’t figure it out but sensed the disapproval was still there. 
Jinks frowned as the Asian spoke in Summeran “I see your up and about Jinks Montreal.” 
He nodded his head and figured it was best to keep his mouth shut as the Asian continued talking “You’re here for specific reasons aren’t you?”
Jinks gulped as the Asian narrowed his eyes giving him a look expecting him to answer his question which he spoke “I guess so.” 
He frowned as the Asian spoke “You guess so? There are no guesses but facts so speak those facts and don’t give me guesses.” 
Jinks felt himself confused spoke “I’m not sure what your point is sir for you have me confused.”
He heard from the Asian “Confused? No wonder you’re not very smart in thinking things through as in getting out of certain situations caused by people.” 
Jinks groaned softly hearing the Asian’s words as the male continued “Is that groaning I hear from you hmm?” 
He forced himself to nod his head figuring that he’ll keep his mouth shut and not say an answer to the Asian’s question. 
The Asian spoke “It explains why people insisted we take you in due to them complaining to us about you not thinking very smartly and doing things that are considered stupid.” 
Jinks formed a frown on his face hearing the Asian’s words as the male continued talking “Such as not thinking of bothering to use something to cover up your form and baring yourself to me which I don’t find it appropriate.” 
He stiffened hearing that as the Asian’s eyes looked him up and down before looking back at staring at him in the eyes with them narrowed and a familiar look on the male’s face he recognized as one Barry would give him when the Builder wanted him to speak something. 
Jinks spoke “Ugh.” 
He heard from the Asian “Ugh? Is that all you have to say about this? Shouldn’t you be thinking of saying something else besides that hmm?”
He blurted “Why is this place familiar to me and that I can’t specifically remember it properly?”
Jinks clamped his mouth shut feeling himself embarrassed for saying his question as the Asian spoke “Interesting question Jinks Montreal. It’s been years since you were last here visiting the Lotus Order with a problem. At that time you saw my father Tan Lee who you helped personally with a problem and did the same to you now I find myself doing the same thing which is helping you with a problem.”
Jinks exhaled a breath realizing that the Asian’s words were the truth as the male paused then continued to speak “Around here I’m known as Sensei Lee to the students of the order who wish to learn greater wisdom in their life before they face the world. I insist you refer me as that while you’re here under my care and teaching. There’s much for you to learn Jinks Montreal.” 
He frowned as Sensei Lee cleared his throat and then added “Go back to your room and stay there. Someone will come by with something for you to wear. I don’t expect you to be parading around here like that again. It’s not appropriate and won’t be tolerated again. So go now.” 
Jinks obeyed getting up and walked out of the room to recalling where his room was which he went to and found it with no difficulty going inside only to hear the door slam shut behind him. He turned towards the door and put a hand on the doorknob rattling it and frowned as the door refused to budge from its closed position. Jinks sighed and figuring out that Sensei Lee wanted him to stay in his room for a certain time as punishment for his nakedness. He sat down on the mattress and did his stretching exercises then swung himself up and proceeded to do his Kata mindful of the walls and door. He once done felt himself tired sighed and laid his form down pulling the blanket to cover him up to his chest and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a familiar sound blaring in his ear jerked open his eyes sitting up with a start to find himself back in his bedroom in the penthouse as the alarm clock cut its noises. He looked around discovering that he was still naked while lying on top of his blankets and heard a meow sound which he looked to see Missy sitting in her cat bed with ears flat on top of her head and an angry look on her face. 
Jinks thought “Hmph what’s with my visit with the Lotus Order?”
He heard from Lance “Jinks, the Builders obsessed with using you as a weapon used their voice talents to force the Lotus Order to give you up and back into their hands. This stunt won’t be taken lightly by powerful allies of the Lotus Order who will retaliate quite harshly. I warn you that those allies might do something drastic to you to keep the obsessed Builders from using you so be warned of that I told you of it.”
Jinks sighed and got up from the bed and eyed the bathroom doorway which he exhaled a breath and figured that he’ll shower which he went inside. 

Jinks came out with disgust on his face feeling himself disgusted for after he finished his shower he found Master army clothes in black along with black light weight boots and a bullet proof vest for him to wear on the sink counter instead of his normal clothes. He folded his arms shaking his head to hear Missy give off a hissing sound very loudly. He eyed the cat sitting in her cat bed still having ears flat on top of her head and looking angry by the expression on her face. He opened his mouth to speak and recalled that the penthouse was rigged with all sorts of devices to monitor him along with recording sounds clamped his mouth shut. 
He mentally spoke “Join the club Missy. I’m not happy with what’s going on around here either.” 
He got a hiss in response went to the bedroom doors swinging them open to see Bill there looking nervous by the expression on the butler’s face. 
Jinks spoke “Let me guess my nourishment is on the table in the dining room ready for me to take in hmm?”
He saw Bill nod his head but got no words from the butler which he walked past him and went to the dining room to again find Sochin typing on the lap top with a familiar black haired male standing over him while both were conversing in untranslatable foreign language. Jinks felt himself disgusted went to sit down and took his time eating his food and drinking his drink while eyeing the Builders listening to them talk. He finished with the food set aside the tray and made a motion to get up only to see the black haired male glare at him with golden eyes which he forced himself to lean back as the Builder looked away to peer over Sochin’s shoulder. Jinks felt himself getting bored with the Builders’ untranslatable talk placed a hand on his cheek along with elbow on the armrest and stared at the Builders. He felt sleepiness sighed and shut his eyes passing out unconscious only to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder in a jerking motion to open his eyes which he looked to see instead of Bill was a male Human flashing Builder eyes wearing a Master army uniform on his form. He exhaled a breath as he was thrust cloth by the male which he took to recognize his familiar mask and with disgust hitting him placed it on to cover his head and then thrust gloves which he put on. He eyed the black haired male who spoke in foreign language using the voice while staring at him and stiffened as he felt the Master willed forwards along with seeing a door in his mind sliding open and felt a familiar feeling. 
He continued to eye the black haired male who spoke in Summeran while holding up a device flashing a hologram of a figure “This is your target. You’re to use whatever force you have to cause multiple broken bone injuries and make sure that the injuries are severe enough to put the target down for a long hospital stay.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath recognizing the figure image of a male Human with blonde hair in a mid walk while wearing pants that looked like jeans and a grey business suit jacket over a blue top on a sidewalk appearing to not be aware of his picture taken with a city building in the background. He exhaled a breath and nodded his head then forced to stand up which he did and heard the black haired male speaking in foreign language followed by blinking his eyes and found himself standing on ice in the middle of the ocean surrounded by ice floating around it. 
Jinks mentally spoke “What the depths was he thinking sending me to King Winter’s Kingdom to bash a guy’s head in?”
He heard from Lance “Those obsessed Builders are just throwing off others tracking you by making them think you wound up transported to there and then they’ll cut your signal once their able to do that and then transport you to their intended targeted area.”
Jinks mentally spoke “That’s annoying-“
He cut himself off as the scene changed to show a room appearing to be a large room with a kitchen unit off his right and bed facing him along with living room furniture off his left. He turned around as if compelled to see a door while hearing a key sounding it unlocking it and darted to hide besides the door just as it opened. He saw the familiar male from the hologram enter the room slamming the door not noticing him and toss aside a duffle bag onto the floor while wearing sweats that appeared to be gym clothes. Jinks stood behind the male who removed his sweatshirt tossing it aside showing a tank top underneath which he as if compelled brought a leg against the man’s legs knocking him onto the floor and heard grunt of surprise from him. Jinks felt a rage episode come onto him growled loudly feeling himself put out unconscious by the angry feeling. 

Jinks came to hearing ringing noises jerked open his eyes feeling himself calm and discovered himself sitting in a chair wrists handcuffed behind him while underneath a spotlight mask and gloves off his form. He stiffened to realize that the Master and Darkness he figured he’ll call it weren’t in control as he raised his head to see the targeted male standing on the edge of the spotlight with a glare on his face while flaring golden eyes of an Amula before looking passed him and walking out of sight. 
Jinks heard an electronic female voice speak from behind him “Who sent you to your target, assassin?”
He exhaled a breath to speak “Just a Builder who sent me. I don’t know his name but he has black hair pulled back in a short tail by the length and wears a suit. Its not the first time he had me do a job for him.” 
He heard “First rule of assassins doing assassinations is keeping your mouth shut Mr. Montreal.”
Jinks stiffened recognizing the voice as the black haired male Builder and groaned softly as the man walked into his eyes sight off his left with a glare on his face. 
He leaned back in the chair feeling himself disgusted as the Builder continued talking “I expect you to remember this rule period next time you do a job for me and is captured in the process. Now I have a job for you and I expect you to do it period so break those handcuffs off now.” 
Jinks obeyed standing up as two males wearing familiar clothing appeared standing near him off his right one holding cloth in both hands while the other was holding two gun devices in his hands. He took the mask as thrust and placed it on covering his head entirely and placed on the gloves along with handed a gun device which he examined to see that it was an automatic projectile bullet gun which would fire multiple bullets by each trigger pushing motion and found the safety off of it. He frowned as he was given the other gun device he saw was appearing to be a hand gun but on closer inspection turned out to be a syringe gun. He frowned as he clipped the syringe gun to his belt hook on his waist and then held the bullet gun to stare at the Builder who held up a device flashing a hologram of a figure he stiffened with recognition seeing it was Burke Richardson. He heard from the Builder speaking foreign language using the voice and felt the Master and Darkness in control. 
Jinks eyed the Builder who paused to speak in Summeran “The projectile gun is for defending yourself so be mindful of wasting bullets. The syringe gun is for your target you’re to inject into the neck of and it doesn’t matter where as long as it’s the neck area period. You’ll be sent someplace first to throw off people tracking you just so we can disable the signal then transported to a location near the target so be prepared for your attack.” 
He nodded his head and heard from Lance sounding in sarcasm “I doubt this would work smarty.”
Jinks blinked his eyes finding himself standing on an ice float with the familiar scene all around him. 
He mentally spoke “I don’t want to do this.”
Jinks blinked his eyes to find himself standing in a bathroom edged out to see a bedroom and saw a male he recognized as Burke Richardson lying asleep on the bed with blanket up to his chest. 
He mentally spoke “I really don’t want to do this.” 
He edged closer to the bed as compelled and unhooked the syringe gun from his belt hook. 
He continued to mentally think “Get me out of this situation will you?”
He gritted his teeth as he heard nothing to answer his question as a compulsion to bring the gun to Burke’s neck hit him which he forced himself to resist finding the compelled feeling winning over and brought the device to the man’s neck who woke up fading from view and he heard a door slamming sound followed by other slamming sounds as smoke filled up the room. Jinks dropped the bullet gun and then felt a compulsion to inject the syringe into his neck obeyed grimacing from the pain of the needle hitting him followed by sleepiness shut his eyes feeling himself hitting the floor going unconscious. 

He dreamed of facing Lance who was smirking by the expression on his father’s face. 
He spoke “How long was I out unconscious?”
He stared at Lance who spoke “Ah you don’t need to worry about being used as a weapon by the Builders anymore. They pulled their last stunt by picking the wrong target who anticipated the assassination attempt. Oh those Builders had to contend with you causing them havoc while you were out unconscious for ten days forcing them to blab to the King and his minions what they were trying to do using you. They were actually trying to target the King due to that he’s not a Builder but an enemy race of the Builders called Destroyer that they wanted out of office and haven’t had any success in removing since the election. Those Builders were trying to do that stunt due to their hatred towards Destroyers.” 
Jinks groaned hearing Lance’s words as his father continued “Oh one more thing it was my idea to have you inject yourself with that poison your already immune to just to knock yourself out and stay out of the Builders’ hands. Your currently recovering in the hands of the King and minions who are Builders loyal to him and don’t have any hatred towards his species. Also those minions of his will attend to the Builders that pulled this stunt in the first place. I hear that they’ll be punished harshly enough to not pull another stunt of using you as a weapon again.” 
Jinks felt himself relieved to hear that as Lance continued to talk “I should add that it was the High Council who blabbed your status as a weapon used by Builders to the King which minions warned him of a possible assassination attempt. Good riddance with this war between the High Council and Builders. Ugh turns out that all the Builders cared for was removing Burke Richardson from office and had nothing to do with the High Council but their war with that group was them just being angry that a Destroyer was holding the King position. The Builders being picky on you due to how you were treated by the High Council was just them thinking of using you as an assassin. They didn’t want anything bad to happen to you hence their nitpicky behavior towards the High Council and the treatment you got from the group.” 
He groaned loudly as Lance added “This assassination attempt won’t be blabbed to the public very much due to them already seeing you as Emperor and royalty but the stunt of the Builders trying to remove Burke from office has already been announced and those Builders are already humiliated for that. The High Council announced in some message demanding a parley in the war between them and the Builders. The High Council also announced that Builders and Destroyers are enemies and don’t get along and wanted to know why Builders were targeting the group when it was obvious that they were targeting the King sitting in position for being a Destroyer. The press I heard had a field day about that with the King repeatedly had to announce to the public that he wanted peace between manoid races despite their Human appearance and wasn’t interested in having a war or a civil war anyway.” 
Jinks frowned as he heard Ramses’ familiar question felt his eyes forced shut passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a ringing noise of an alarm sound groaned feeling himself lying in bed with blankets up to his neck while on his side wearing nothing but his underwear shorts. He rolled over to his other side and yanked the blankets over his head keeping his eyes shut only to feel a hand touching him shaking him. He sighed and opened his eyes yanking off the blankets to roll over and found a male Human looking old by the white hair wearing a suit with a bow tie staring at him that removed a gloved hand. 
He frowned as the male spoke “Greetings, your Majesty, I’m Timmins the head of the house hold here holding the title of butler. It’s eight o’clock and I’m told to see that you’re up and about for your day but the doctor did say to limit physical activities for awhile. Your breakfast you’ll find is on the table underneath its cover along a change of clothes on the sink counter in the bathroom. Is there anything else I could do for you?” 
He spoke “No but what else am I supposed to do once I’ve eaten and dressed?”
He frowned as Timmins spoke “I wasn’t told about that your Majesty, just see that you’re up and awake as ordered by your doctor and to see that you eat your nourishment as required.”
Jinks exhaled a breath to sit up as Timmins added “Anything else I can do for you as required?”
He spoke thinking about what Lance told him “Some newspaper for me to read detailing about the news happening lately?”
He saw a big frown appear on Timmins face who spoke “Sorry I was told not to get you that just see that you eat your food and wake up. What else can I do for you?”
Jinks sighed figuring that Burke would want to tell him in person instead of finding out by newspaper. 
He eyed the butler and spoke “Sorry can’t think of a request. I might as well get up.” 
He swished aside the blanket and saw Timmins fade from view while hearing a door shutting sound. 
He groaned thinking that Timmins was a Builder only to hear Lance say “Actually he’s a Destroyer. Their similar in speed power as Builders along with a Human appearance but that’s where the similarity ends. ”
Jinks exhaled a breath mentally spoke “What else am I supposed to do?”
He heard from Lance “I heard that your doctor did allow you to go back to bed but you need to shower and eat your food first.”
He sighed and got up from the bed walking to the table to sit and pulled off the cover off the tray to find food sitting there emanating heat which he sighed and gobbled up the food and gulped down the drink of strawberry milkshake finding himself hungry. He sighed again once finished and got up heading towards a doorway figuring it was the bathroom which his hunch was correct and found the shower stall had a console set for his heat toleration levels by finding the water on hot after yanking off the underwear shorts. He sighed and showered thoroughly then got out to dry himself followed by eyeing the sink counter to see cloth in black on it. He picked it up to see it was pajama pants and sighed putting it on finding himself needing it to sleep with. He went out of the bathroom to eye the bed seeing the headboard looking padded but not looking soft as a pillow and figured that he’ll use the pillow. He got into bed and bunched the pillow behind him for him to sit up leaning back thinking that it was best to do that not to aggravate his stomach from eating food so soon after lying down. Jinks yanked the blanket up to his chest and shut his eyes finding himself sleepily falling asleep. He felt himself passing out unconscious.
 
Jinks came to hearing the alarm blaring in his ear jerked open his eyes lurching up to find himself back in the penthouse without a blanket on his form but the pajama pants he put on. He sighed and scratched his head and heard a familiar meow sounding in a happy tone which he felt a furry head rub his chin. He brought a hand and rubbed Missy’s back feeling it arched underneath his hand followed by her walking off of his lap. He sighed eyeing her go to her bed and sit in it tummy sitting position. He saw her ears up and she looked happy to see him. He sighed and got up going into the bathroom to eye the sink counter finding clothes in black sitting on it and went to it placing a hand on it thinking to himself that they better not be an army uniform. 
He heard from Lance “Those Builders won’t be pulling that stunt due to the press still having a field day with them targeting the King. They’ll probably wait till the fuss dies down to do anything again.” 
He sighed and figured that he’ll shower. 

Jinks came out of the bathroom dressed in business wear black pants and a black button top along with a bullet proof vest underneath his top and fancy shoes that felt like sneakers on his feet. He sighed feeling himself better wearing the clothes went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to find Bill there looking with a familiar what do you want look on his face. 
He sighed and spoke “Everything ready for me in the dining room?” 
He saw Bill nod his head as he sighed again and left the butler walking down the hallway sensing Missy following him which he entered the dining room and sighed finding no one inside and felt himself relieved to see that Sochin wasn’t there along with another Builder. He went to sit at the table and ate his food and gulped down his drink then pushed the tray aside. He again sighed and left the dining room going to the gym room which inside he went to sit down and did his stretching exercises then swung himself up and proceeded to do his Kata then did karate drills from memory then ended with a bow towards the belted wall. He sighed and went to the doors finding them in their familiar positions as before which he opened one and found Missy in the hallway that went to his leg rubbing herself on it which he bent down to scratch her back and watched her run off going down the hallway in the direction of the dining room. He straightened up his form and went to the library finding his book was still on the table but in a closed position and groaned figuring that he’ll have to scan the thing to find where he left off. Jinks went to sit down and picked up the book opening it and skimmed its contents and found where he left off began reading the book finding himself engrossed in it. He read an uncounted number of pages till the lights blinked above which he lowered the book to stare at the doorway finding Bill there. 
Bill spoke “Its lunch time, time for your required meal Master Jinks.” 
He sighed and placed the book where he was flat on the table and got up walking passed the butler going to the hallway which he went to the dining room to find Barry inside eating from a tray holding dishware of food to his surprise. Jinks sighed finding a cup full of strawberry milkshake on the table for him whom he sat and sipped the drink taking his time as Barry finished eating and drinking to push aside the tray and looked at him with a glare. 
He found himself gulping down the drink then set the cup aside on the table to stare back at Barry who spoke “Certain individuals managed to inform me of the situation going on involving you and a group of people. Harrumph it wasn’t what I had in mind which I was trying to prevent that from happening from one of them blabbing everything to me. I see you managed to figure out what I was trying to do but unfortunately they used it against you.”
Jinks frowned as Barry paused to clear his throat as he heard a chair scraping sound off his right looked with shock to see Meritania wearing his familiar clothes and sunglasses sit down in the chair with a loud harrumph sound. 
He heard Barry spoke “Interesting, Merry, that the life tube you were contained in kept going out repeatedly to free you like someone was hacking into it but the hacker hasn’t been found. I suspect that certain people were working for you were aware of your situation and kept on trying to free you aren’t they? Its interesting that their cunning it comes to manipulating machines which I’m surprised that they can do that despite being a ghostly species for the Charon.”
Jinks exhaled a breath to eye Meritania who spoke “Yes I know actually the Charon figured out their actual purpose despite being slow to get it which was serving me and have been doing it since they figured that out while I was occupied. I’m surprised that Meritania managed to function without my physical presence but it took quite a deal of concentration to make sure she didn’t go mad while I was stuck in that tube.”
Jinks sighed softly as he looked at Barry who spoke “Interesting.” 
He frowned as Barry looked at him with a narrowed eyed glare and notice Meritania looking at him by the head position. 
Jinks inhaled a breath and spoke “Oh I was manipulated to assassinate someone whom the killing didn’t happen but I’m awful curious as to how the victim figured out that I was doing it. Also wondering how the Builders backed off from doing this after the victim found out.” 
He saw a smirk look on Barry’s face while hearing a hmm sound from Meritania as he heard from Lance “The Builders didn’t anticipate the Charon hanging around spying and having a big mouth enough to blab everything to others due to them figuring out how to decipher languages and speak it too. They did the talking and that they made sure that they appeared to people at night pretending to be ghosts haunting them just to hide their species. The Meritanians are forbidden to mention them by Builder voice order due to that a certain Drainer named Hades is permanently eavesdropping and will make the Charon serve him which they should be serving Meritania as their actual purpose.”
Jinks frowned hearing Lance’s words who continued talking “Oh the Builders backed off because the King presented a voice recording of Builders talking about assassinating him with a loyal Builder there translating the words to the press who had a field day hearing that. The press in question wound up saying slanderous things against the Builders any way they could and ignored the King announcing to the public repeatedly that it was not appropriate to say and didn’t appreciate the joke. The press managed to back off with their slander when some female Builder, a senator publicity announced that she was suing them in court and will form a law to prevent that joke from happening again. The senator backed off with her threats once the press publicity apologized in any way they could and haven’t been doing any more jokes yet.” 
Jinks felt himself still frowning as Lance became silent which he eyed Barry who spoke “hmm the High Council from my impression of the situation have publicity accused the Builders of using them as a scapegoat whenever their attempts to knock off Richardson didn’t work. The High Council has also said another accusation against the Builders of using Jinks’ status as a reason to recruit assassins to take down Richardson and blaming the group whenever their assassins weren’t successful. The High Council has insisted that the Builders’ war attitude was just an angry scapegoat act and doesn’t find it amusing.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath as he heard a harrumph sound from Meritania which he continued to eye Barry who spoke looking at him in the eyes “Ah the High Council will possibly request an audience with you as soon as they think you’re harmless enough to not cause them any trouble. I highly doubt that you’re harmless enough for them to handle you anyway. That’s my personal opinion.” 
He frowned as Barry pointed a finger at Meritania which he looked to see a smirk look on the Highlander’s mouth and figured that the Highlander would order him to do something to cause trouble to the High Council and nodded his head. 
He eyed Meritania as he spoke “What about Ajax and his son Jixi?”
He heard a throat clearing noise from Barry shifted attention towards the Builder who spoke “Actually Ajax managed to figure out why Jixi was loyal to you and realized that his son was detecting the Builders’ mood towards you and that the kid didn’t like the moods enough to show support towards you. Ajax also figured out that Jixi didn’t like being scanned when he detected people having certain moods that made him rebellious against that. Your son has managed to share his findings with the Meritanians who said them to the High Council and response the group has been through the plants coaching Ajax to talk to Jixi about the group’s point of view to support them.”
He frowned to give a head bob as Barry continued talking “The Meritanians managed to transport Ajax and Jixi back to the High Council’s home base that have left the kid’s mind intact due to sensing that his father got him to support them. Oh I should add that Jixi is still having his mind being scanned by the Meritanians at time intervals just to make sure that the kid is sane enough to get it his situation of having the ability to detect moods and what to do the control the ability. The High Council figured out that a certain person has been coaching Jixi on his abilities enough to make him annoyed with the group and his own father and figured that the coaching was keeping the kid from going insane hence they ordering the Meritanians to do their scans. The High Council has backed off at the certain person’s request on scanning Jixi’s mind themselves due to sensing the kid would have some sort of insanity fit which they witnessed it after mind wiping the kid awhile back and scanning him.” 
Jinks again nodded his head as Barry paused to give him a narrowed eyed look which he figured that the Builder wanted him to talk. 
He spoke “Oh interesting.”
He heard from Lance “The certain person Barry is referring to is me. I managed to get Jixi to be sane enough from having the ability to detect moods and didn’t account for the kid to attach himself to me which Ajax accused me of doing. I figured that Ajax didn’t get it what was going on with Jixi and didn’t say anything about it to your son.”
He frowned as Lance continued “Oh I finally managed to get through to Ajax about Jixi and his problem who figured it out enough to talk to his son with input from various sources about it. I got to warn you that a Builder used the voice talent on Jixi to talk his problem to his father after the kid threw an insanity fit in front of that person who wasn’t amused from the behavior. Ajax figured out what Jixi was talking about from recalling me telling him off from fighting me at meetings.”
He heard nothing more from Lance sighed and spoke loudly “Ugh just hope the High Council lay off torturing me for the Builders’ stunts played on them including the species using me to do their dirty work on the group.”
He eyed Barry who spoke “I highly doubt that due to that the Builders figured out how to get into files the High Council keep including hacking into video recording devices to witness scenes among the group and their servants. Those videos are still easily accessed due to that the High Council and servants aren’t that smart when it comes to computers.” 
He shrugged and fell backwards only to feel his arms grabbed by familiar clawed hands having cloth on them by the feel and lifted up to stand which he saw the High Council sitting in their seats behind Shad and Onya both having heads up with blank looks on their faces. His eyes shifted to look off his left was Anubis standing nearby with ears flat on top of his head and looked off his right to spot with a frown a High Council member his senses told him was Ajax standing sideways holding a familiar kid he recognized as Jixi in his arms staring at him. 
Jinks frowned as Shad spoke with sarcasm “Well welcome back, Horus. I see you have been discarded from doing work for the nasty Builders. Interesting anyway we have been monitoring the situation regarding you being manipulated by the Builders. We don’t find it amusing about you submitting to the manipulating without thinking straight about the consequences. Care to say a comment about that Horus?”
He shook his head in a no gesture and saw Ajax turn his head towards the High Council before resuming staring at him. 
Jinks frowned as he shifted his eyes towards the High Council which Onya spoke “Oh come on Horus you must be dying to talk about the situation of being manipulated by the Builders and being not smart enough to submit to them without thinking of getting out of the situation.” 
Jinks inhaled a breath feeling himself annoyed and spoke with sarcasm “Thinking? What thinking? The Builders manipulated me against my will including using the Meritanians to make me do things which I know that the plants can control me. As for getting out of the situation I had no choice but to do what they ordered me due to finding no way of getting out of it despite me attempting to think of something harrumph.” 
He glared at the High Council finding his annoyance taking hold as he heard Shad speak “Ramses knock Horus out now.” 
He felt sleepiness shook his head and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks woke up with a jerk finding pain in his feet to discover himself lying naked on a bed underneath a familiar cylinder while wearing restraints that felt like the same as before. He eyed his feet to see the familiar laser device slowly traveling up his body giving him pain that made his eyes water as it hit him. He groaned loudly as the laser traveled up him which he felt sleepiness shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious only to dream of facing Lance. 
Lance spoke “Jinks, Jixi being in the room was because they were using him to detect your mood which they found that you were annoyed with them. They also used Jixi in the scanner room to detect how you were feeling with the laser going up your body from being confused with your reactions to the thing from previous scans which is different from Highlanders experiencing it. Highlanders according to them always feel itchy after the laser touches their body parts. Jixi managed to tell them that you were experiencing pain and the Meritanians put you to sleep on their orders and are keeping you still unconscious as the High Council are throwing tests on your body through various scanners their aware will caused you pain.”
He frowned to nod his head as Lance placed a hand on his forehead and chest making him feel confused as his father continued talking “The High Council are aware of the Builders manipulating your source abilities are currently throwing tests on your body while your unconscious just to see how your sleeping state will react to that. Your body was detected going into some trance unconscious state for you to do your ghost behavior which they immediately cut short due to how troublesome you are ghostly like.”
He frowned to nod his head feeling himself still calm as Lance continued “Their apparently detecting your body in some state while I’m talking to you enough to figure that out from testing Ajax. I’m curious to know the results of that test done on you and see if you’re getting any sleep actually while you’re here with me.”
Jinks bobbed his head as Lance paused which he heard Ramses speaking “Actually Lance Richard is talking to Horus at the moment. Your scanners aren’t kidding you and so am I. He really is with Lance Richard.” 
He turned his head to look at the Meritanians all having heads bowed to frown as Ramses spoke “My annoying familiar question is code speak for Lance Richard to stop talking to Horus and let him wake up hence I repeatedly saying it and waking various servants up from sleep who overheard me saying it. Sorry about that anyway but what do you expect me to say to Lance Richard when it comes to waking up Horus due to someone or something wanting him up and awake?”
Jinks frowned felt his eyes forced shut to feel himself passing out unconscious only to come to hearing the familiar sound of an alarm clock blare. He jerked open his eyes lurching up to discover himself in his bedroom in the penthouse which he twisted to eye the clock seeing the time of eight o’clock in the morning blared on it. He sigh feeling himself some soreness all over figured that a shower will do which he got up and went into the bathroom. 

Jinks came out dressed in clean clothes with the familiar bullet proof vest on underneath his top and familiar shoes on his feet feeling himself better from the shower. He sighed and heard a meow sound and felt a furry face rubbing his ankle which he bent down and gave Missy’s back several scratches feeling it arch underneath his hand. He heard her give off a yowl as there was a door knocking sound heard and saw her go underneath the bed which he straighten up his form and went to the doors yanking them open to see Barry standing in the hallway with a raised fist that lowered it. 
Jinks frowned staring at Barry who spoke “Just checking on you due to hearing from the Meritanians that the High Council threw numerous tests onto you which they kept you out unconscious and that you might have some soreness from that.” 
He spoke “Ugh.”
Jinks noticed Barry’s expression added “Fine I do feel some soreness but showering helped me feel better. I could use something to eat for I feel like I need it.” 
He shrugged as Barry nodded his head and stepped aside gesturing to the hallway with a hand. He sighed and went to the dining room followed by Barry thumping his cane which inside he went to sit finding food in dishware on a tray along with two cups holding different liquids in them on it in its familiar spot. He sat and gobbled up the food shocking him in a fast motion along with gulping down the drinks of orange juice and strawberry milk from the taste then sat leaning back sighing loudly. He eyed Barry who sat next to him with a frown on the Builder’s face. 
He spoke “Didn’t you eat breakfast Barry?”
He frowned as Barry spoke “Yes I already ate. I normally get up earlier than you by an hour each day.” 
He heard from Lance “I wouldn’t recommend you to do that due to that you been thrown through various physicals that wear you out tiredly.” 
He exhaled a breath to mentally think “That test the High Council did on me while I was with you talking. What did they find out?”
He frowned as Lance spoke “Have Barry tell you that, the Meritanians want to talk to me so don’t disturb.”
He spoke out loud “Barry, have you heard of any test results by the High Council done on me?” 
Jinks stared at Barry who spoke “Just very well detailed to figure things out going on with you. One of them involves you going into some trance with eyes open unblinkingly which was figured its from talking to a certain somebody when supposedly asleep. Oh there’s another test result that indicated your brain organ appearing to be in some kind of mode indicating sleep when you’re throwing a rage episode and from the looks of things if explains why you say that you don’t remember what your doing whenever your hit with one.” 
Jinks bobbed his head and frowned as Barry gave him a familiar look which he spoke “Oh ok. I guess it’s about time I got tested anyway. Is there anything new going on with the outside world, while the mess of the Builders came out?”
He frowned forming it on his lips as Barry gave up a sound that reminded him of disgust before the Builder spoke “Nothing much besides what you were told and the humiliation of Builders due to some found out picking on the current King for being a Destroyer enemy of their species. The press had a field day blaring that via various news sources.”
He gave up a sound of disgust as Barry kept talking “The public haven’t noticed yet that you haven’t been seen around lately which I’m pretty sure that they’ll start to notice and make a fuss about it. This will be followed by various figures requesting you to attend some public events to give attention about them with your presence there due to how you’re viewed by the people thanks to the fuss about you adopting your cat Missy.”
Jinks sighed as Barry paused to clear his throat then continued talking “Oh I should admit that gonoids regardless of what they are and I normally don’t get along on friendly terms hence your cat avoiding me.” 
He did a double take look hearing Barry’s admission to form a glare on his face while folding his arms leaning back in the chair. 
He spoke “Anything else you like to admit to me such as the reason why you have a cane? I had to hear about that from other sources saying its due to a medical condition helping you walk-“
He cut himself off hearing a loud growling sound come from Barry and noticed the Builder’s eyes flaring golden clamped his mouth shut and added “Don’t tell me its none of my business-“
Jinks again cut himself off hearing another growling sound from Barry seeing the Builder look away from him shutting his eyes. 
He felt himself frowning thinking to himself “Which one is it, a vision or my words that have Barry angry at?”
He heard nothing from Lance as Barry formed an angry expression on his face despite the closed eyes followed by opening them and speaking “Jinks, hit the library now.” 
He heard the firmness in the voice tone obeyed going to the library and sensed Barry following cane thumping very loudly louder than he heard before. He entered the library and stepped aside watching Barry go to a chair to yank out a book from between the chair and cushion thumping onto the table then sat down. He went to the doors and shut them closed then went to the other chair to sit adjusting his position to stare at Barry who still had the angry expression on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke sounding angry “I have a medical condition the Humans dubbed cerebral palsy that affects my legs and my balance when walking hence my use of a cane. I was born with the condition. I also have another medical condition Humans dub asthma that affects my lungs causing me problems breathing and chest pains which I require medicine for it. That medical condition came about after I recovered from being poisoned and I’ve been seeking relief for it with no success until I wound up in the High Council’s hands. They helped me find relief through drinking some sort of medicinal drink I later found out was called strawberry milkshake which is easily recreated by Humans.”
He exhaled a breath as Barry continued talking “I’m told by Alexei at the Zesky Hospital that they tested me thoroughly by force of Builder orders and discovered various things with test results said only to Alexei and I by the hospital’s doctor there who hasn’t said anything about them to the other Builders that haven’t seem interested in the results. I’m a hybrid of various species with Builder like ability traits and appearance of being a Human despite being more than one race in my body.”
Jinks frowned as Barry paused before speaking “Oh I should add that there are Builders who revere me deity like seeing me as one of the group of first created Builders by a deity female named Edenia due to my hybrid status. They assumed that but it’s not the case actually I was born elsewhere on some world called Earth and lived back then during when it was primitive and not very technological advanced in another body form that wasn’t Human like. I lived in some land called Egypt living among the Humans who didn’t seem to mind my appearance but they ignored me anyway and didn’t bother to keep records of me. I admit I found a gate while traveling before being caved in, in some cave in a desert storm which I had to travel through it and wound up on some world named Humania and met a female who I took as my mate due to both us being the same species.” 
Jinks frowned feeling himself his senses blare as Barry continued talking “The female refused to say her name to me but only gave me the name of Tala saying it meant ‘beloved’ in some foreign language which she wound up carrying my two sons at the same time and died from birthing them.”
Jinks heard Lance yell in his mind “What?! Barry just admitted that he’s my father!”
He widen his eyes clamping a hand over his mouth forcing himself to not gasp out loud as Barry continued appearing to not notice his reaction “Ah I was forced to abandon Tala to the desert and carried my sons by gonoid back to the nearest city that was in the middle of a civil war with other cities in the vicinity. I don’t know how but someone named Anubis came into the city carrying Tala which the priests attended to her body which I’m grateful for and gave him sanctuary in the city’s temple while I worked to stopping the war going on. I’m not sure but for some unexplained reason those people saw me as their leader and gave me leadership to rule over them as their ruler. I ruled till I fell in some can’t be wakened sleep and was assumed dead and woke up one night to meet Anubis who told me of what happened to me and what was going on which he insisted that I go through a gorge chasm said to hold the key to traveling to Edenia some planetary world.”
Jinks groaned through his throat hand still covering his mouth as Barry ignored him by continuing talking “I found that I had no choice but went in and arrived through another gate to another world I later found out was Shadan to find my body changing into a Human form which took me awhile of getting used to it but the cerebral palsy was included affecting my walking ability. I found myself on Great Britain living among Humans and other manoid species for awhile not doing much till I discovered Lance Richard and felt some odd feeling of being fatherly towards him. I’m not sure why but I admitted to spying on him till the Drainers locked me in their castle just prior to the great flood and luckily the castle wasn’t one of the casualties of that. It took me a great deal of convincing within a long time period to get the Drainers to free me whom they did after the mainland arrived and transported me there.”
Jinks continued to groan softly through his throat as Barry kept talking “I lived there aimlessly not doing much living in some city called New York City like a homeless bum till the Meritanians contacted me asleep and told me of the Zesky hospital in the harbor which I was to get to there before sunrise because the ship was leaving to a harbor port in Connecticut where it’ll stay permanently. It took me quite an effort to get to there which I got to the hospital before they set off and boarded it and Alexei discovered me there gave me clothes to wear along with a permanent home at the hospital which I’m grateful for his kindness.” 
Jinks stiffened jerking his hand away as Barry looked at him whose eyes became narrowed with suspicion in them. 
He frowned as Barry spoke sounding like seriousness in his tone “Spill it Jinks, you seem shocked by something I said so admit it period and don’t you dare hide it from me.” 
Jinks groaned loudly and spoke “Ugh I don’t know if I should call you just by the name of Barry.”
He saw Barry’s eyes narrow with suspiciousness in them still there which he added “Oh fine. Your son took the name of Osiris and was stabbed in the back by his brother taking the name of Set who threw his body in the chasm. Osiris survived with help of others and was transported to Shadan where his body changed into some Human that was dubbed Lance Richard.”
He paused to see Barry’s eyes widen with shock in them as he continued talking “I not kidding on what I said Barry. The High Council I got to warn you have expressed an interest in people living back in time of Osiris and have been seeking living witnesses of that. They’ll find out what you said and will probably question you.”
He saw Barry’s eyes narrow before the Builder nodded his head followed by a familiar glare look which he sighed and spoke “Alright the Humans created a son from a piece of my body implanted into a deaf Builder female which I lived the son’s life and I believe you met him a few times.”
He saw Barry nod his head with the familiar glare on his face as he continued talking “The son wound up captured by the High Council and sent back through some travel backwards through time gate to Great Britain before the flood and told to get the Highlanders to be led by a Highlander which he achieved doing. The son in question fathered twins through a female who birthed them and then he was later sent away from the castle by a mysterious figure manipulating him. The son later met a High Council warship on gonoid back that shot him destroying his body and woke up in his father’s body which is the body I currently have at the moment. I admit it took me a very long time to finally accept that the son’s body was destroyed and I was in the father’s body living again.”
He sighed pausing from talking to hear Ramses’ voice speaking in his mind “Ugh Barry’s busy with Horus at the moment. Just having a chat about stuff which you want me to tell him what you found out?”
Jinks grimaced as he saw Barry form an identical look on his face followed by Ramses again speaking “Uh Barry the High Council want to talk to you so be ready for transporting.” 
He saw Barry get up from the chair with a glare on the Builder’s face who disappeared in a flash of light. Jinks sighed and leaned back in the chair and eyed his book. He figured to himself that he’ll read it while waiting for Barry to return. 
He picked up the book and heard Ramses’ voice again speaking “Your information isn’t kidding about Barry being Amen Ra father of Osiris. Oh you want to question Horus too? Fine.” 
Jinks thump the book onto the table and stood up with arms folded as the scene changed to find himself standing in the High Council’s throne room arms again grabbed by the Falcons. He saw Barry standing nearby not looking happy by the expression on the Builder’s face as he saw Ajax wearing High Council robes holding Jixi in his arms. 
Jinks felt himself annoyed as Shad spoke “Care to confirm Horus that you said about living a certain son’s life before being put in a certain father’s body?”
He spoke with sarcasm “What do you expect? You destroyed the son’s body after he did a job for you who he’s back in his father’s body so spill it who’s the fool that manipulated the son to leave the castle to die by you?”
He formed a glare on his face as Barry spoke “I would advise you not to mention that to him due to certain factors which I’m hoping that the Meritanians will tell you from gleaning it from my mind. I refused to say it in front of Horus or he’ll get ideas from my words.” 
Jinks shifted his eyes towards Barry who’s was looking at the High Council which he heard Onya speak “Actually records indicate that the fool who sent you away while in the son’s body was Lance Richard himself who didn’t want you around to up seat his rule and getting people to see him deity like.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Onya’s words and stiffened further to realize that she was telling the truth by his senses not indicating them as lies. He felt tears falling from his eyes as he spoke the word no repeatedly while feeling himself through emotions of sadness and anger running through him as tears continued to fall from his eyes. 
He fisted his hands as he snarled out letting anger take control “You bastard having to do this to me!”
He blinked his eyes to find himself back in the penthouse in the gym room which he growled angrily and proceeded to attack the punching bag letting anger take control of him till he felt a rage episode come within him and allowed the feeling to take control putting him out. 

Jinks came to finding himself curled in a ball on the floor of the gym room from the pads felt and crying hysterically while wailing nonsense sounds hands covering his face. He continued to wail as tears spilled from his eyes till his throat felt raw and the tears stopped which he stopped his noises and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who looked annoyed. Jinks felt rage hitting him charged towards Lance with fists and legs flying in karate moves towards his father who easily blocked them with his hands. He saw Lance’s eyes turn all black and willed the Master through halting his attack and felt himself knocked off his feet followed by paralysis hitting him from the neck down and his father’s foot on his chest. 
He growled an angry sound glaring at Lance who bent down and spoke sounding angry “Don’t ever attack me again whether it’s out of anger or not.” 
Jinks snarled out “You bastard destroyed me!”
He again opened his mouth to speak and felt a choking sensation in his throat halting his attempt to speak again which he glared at Lance who glared back with eyes narrowed. 
Jinks heard Lance speak “Is this the thanks I get for saving your life from death? Perhaps I should let you die and take your place living life as I see fit due to you being too foolish to let anger control you.” 
Jinks felt the gagging sensation stop whined out “Don’t kill me father please!”
He again felt himself gagged as Lance spoke “Don’t ever use that tone in my presence again.” 
He felt the gagging sensation stop groaned loudly keeping his mouth shut and saw Lance lean down further forcing his eyes shut which he saw an image of his body lying curled in a ball and witnessed it change into his father who got up making a dusting motion with his hands. Jinks saw blackness arriving clouding up the vision till there was nothing. 

Jinks came to hearing voices speaking which he heard “Must you take my crown? Give it back!”
He frowned recognizing the voice as Lance and frowned further hearing another voice speak “You don’t need that thing anyway. It’s nothing but a decoration.” 
He recognized the voice as Shad speaking in sarcasm as Lance spoke “No it’s not decoration. The crown is a part of me and my identity so give it back now. Don’t make me beg for it.” 
He heard Shad speak “Then spill it on what you did to Anubis. He doesn’t remember part of his life living with you and your father. We figured out that you had something to do with it from scanning his mind, Osiris or should I say Lance Richard.” 
He frowned further as he heard Lance speak “Didn’t you bother to scan his mind further than what you found? You would have found Anubis telling me that my father came back to life and went in the Chasm of storms as advice by that gonoid head warrior’s words. I didn’t find it amusing back then went into where my father was buried and found his body gone. I believed back then that Anubis took the body and threw it in the chasm of storms and it’s not the first time he admitted to doing that to bodies of the dead. He did that to various people who were declared dead who complained of grave robbers to me but didn’t find out who did the crime till Anubis confessed. I unleashed my rage on Anubis by having him arrested and had him go into the Chasm of storms by force for his stunts of desecrating the dead. As for his mind I had the ability to cause people to jerk suffering in pain whenever I touched their foreheads with my hand palm on the area but it left a side affect of mind wiping part of their minds so they’ll forget certain events in the past.”
He heard silence followed by Lance’s voice again speaking “You satisfied on what I told you? Besides you being mind walkers should be able to restore his mind anyway with the help of the Meritanians.”
He continued to listen as he heard a new voice speak sounding serious “I suggest you give Lance his crown back before certain trouble happens which I warn you that you should do it now quick.” 
He recognize the voice as Barry frowned as Lance spoke “Alright I admit it my Human mate back then Jacinda warned me that my son would stick around whether he had a body or not and cause trouble. I managed to witness a great deal of that trouble my son caused among the restless natives in Great Britain including within my own family. Oh it was Jacinda’s idea to have me give my son my own body just to stop the ghostly behavior which she taught me how to do that. The ritual was melting my son’s bones and drinking the liquid form along with later saying some chanting incantation which the Master Organization took as their chant words when worshipping me. I didn’t get around to doing the incantation till after I was transported back to Shadan from leaving the planet. That transporting was due to the last of my descendants on Great Britain passed away which the Meritanians alerted me of a gate underground and told me to go through it period and made sure that I did it and I arrived on Earth finding myself falling into some sleep which I laid down in some cave. I later woke up to sense my son hanging around which I said the incantation and found myself out of my body to witness it come to life with my son detected in it.”
He heard nothing more from Lance but heard Shad speak “Interesting Lance Richard. You have a theory as to why your son is sticking around causing trouble like some ghostly being?”
He frowned as Lance he heard spoke “Jacinda theorized that the ghostly behavior was due to me having special powers which he inherited causing a connection towards me enough to cause him to stick around. I guess she’s correct on her theory due to how connected I am with my son when he’s living with my body.” 
He heard Onya speak “Interesting-“
He heard her interrupted by Barry’s familiar voice speaking “Excuse me time is of essence regarding Horus who’ll make his presence known and cause you terrible devastation due to being aware of him being upset with what you told him.” 
Jinks heard Shad speak “Patience Barry-“
He heard laughing sounds in a cruel tone interrupting Shad followed by silence then sensed nothing more followed by finding himself facing Lance wearing his crown on his head looking annoyed. Jinks frowned seeing Lance who formed an all black eyed glare followed by being gagged on the throat by his father’s hand in an ironclad hold. 
Jinks gagged out “How long was I out and what did I do this time?”
He stared at Lance who spoke sounding like amusement in his voice “You were out for seven days while I had the body causing the High Council a big mess to clean up. The mess involved terrorizing High Council members keeping them from sleeping and making them do karate movements which they suffered injuries from that. Also you took possession of me having the body causing me to be very violent towards Highlanders including fighting with Anubis and the Falcons. Luckily that the Falcons together are stronger than my body’s strength and were able to restrain me enough to have the Meritanians transport me to some local island where you left me. Oh the Meritanians had to repeatedly transport me to that island due to that you kept possessing me for figuring out that you would leave me once you were on the island. You didn’t seem to get the message from them doing that which I had to spend some time on the island suffering from its elements till the High Council figured out how to get you back into my body which was giving me my crown. Too bad they were slow to get this idea harrumph.” 
He groaned out as Lance paused “Ugh what’s going on with me back here talking to you and where am I?”
He eyed Lance who spoke “You at the moment are currently backed in my body while at home in New York City recovering from some sickness I picked up while I was stuck on that island. I suggested you obey what the doctor tells you period or I’ll insist to the Meritanians to manipulate you into obeying period.”
Jinks opened his mouth and felt his eyes forced shut which he came to hearing the sound of an alarm clock lurched up in a sitting position to hear a loud yowl sound. He placed hands on his chest to feel himself wearing nothing but his underwear shorts and had blankets on top of him from the feel as he felt pressure on his lap followed by a furry head felt on the bottom of his chin rubbing. Jinks sighed and brought a hand to pet Missy feeling her back arch underneath his hand’s motions. He sighed as Missy gave up a yowl and felt her off his lap while hearing a door knocking sound sounding loudly. 
He eyed the doors to yell “What am I supposed to be doing besides sitting in bed?!”
He frowned as one of the doors open showing Barry who stuck his head in and spoke “Go take a shower, get dressed and hit the dining room to eat. Your doctor said you don’t need to spend any more time in bed but limit physical activities.” 
Jinks groaned as Barry stuck his head out and shut the door which he got up from the bed and went into the bathroom. 

 Jinks came out of the bathroom fresh from showering wearing his familiar clothes and shoes on his form. He sighed and heard a meow sound looked at the bed to see Missy sitting in her cat bed that yawned and sleepily curled into a ball with form still side moving of breathing. He again sighed and went to the bedroom doors throwing them open to see Bill standing there looking annoyed by the expression on the butler’s face.
Jinks inhaled a breath and spoke “Out with it, Bill.”
He stared at the butler who spoke with an annoyed tone “How long is your guest, Mr. Barry plans to stay here? I admit I don’t like him.” 
He spoke “It’s because of his crippled status isn’t it?”
He saw Bill shook his head in a no gesture before the butler spoke “Actually it’s some sense feeling I’m getting regarding Mr. Barry. I don’t like the feeling I’m getting when I’m around him and I don’t think you should be around him either, just my personal opinion anyway, sorry for speaking that.”
Jinks sighed and recalled Barry having a female servant named Tatiana flashed in his mind spoke “Oh I’ll see what I can do regarding Mr. Barry due to that my cat doesn’t like him either and won’t hang around.” 
He saw Bill nod his head which he walked away and went to the dining room to find Barry sitting in a chair with eyes closed some concentration look on the Builder’s face. Jinks exhaled a breath figuring out that Barry must have gotten a vision of his conversation with Bill which he sat down at the table and eyed the Builder as he ate his food and gulped down his drink. He saw Barry’s head cock before resuming normal position followed by the Builder opening his eyes with a frown look forming on his face. 
Jinks finished with his nourishment pushed aside the tray and spoke “So what did you see, Barry?”
He formed a questioning look on his face staring at Barry who looked at him and spoke “Nothing to concern you.”
He heard the edge in Barry’s voice figured that the Builder was hiding something as he heard Lance’s voice sounding in his mind “Drop the matter Jinks. It’s not time for you to know of what’s going on.” 
Jinks mentally spoke “I despise people keeping things from me due to being afraid of my temper blow ups.”
He heard “Busy don’t disturb.” 
Jinks mentally yelled “Drat you Meritanians for scanning my father’s mind so quit doing it!”
He heard nothing from Lance sighed but heard a throat clearing noise focused on Barry who spoke “Ah just to let you know that I can focus on certain things by mental mind concentration enough to see something but for the rest is apparently junk that I don’t need to see and I’ve learned to ignore them.”
Jinks nodded his head in a short bob towards Barry who added “It took myself and a certain individual a great deal of convincing to the High Council to drop the option of trying to kill you when its obvious that death won’t stop you from retaliating against their assassination attempts. I believe you know what I meant by that.”
He again bobbed his head as Barry continued talking “As for Tatiana in case you wanted to know she’s one of the descendants of me through a female I mated awhile back living in Great Britain. That female in question was named Jacinda same one you mated with back then.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing that as Barry continued “Jacinda after having twins broke off the relationship and told me to do something about helping people due to seeing them in trouble via my ability which I left and went to help. I later discovered at an inappropriate moment while trying to sleep her mating with you so soon after breaking off the relationship which annoyed me. I wound up ignoring helping people instead went to seek you out to confront about mating with Jacinda which I felt that odd feeling and backed off. All I did was spy on you and asked people nosy questions about you while trying to figure out why I was getting that odd feeling which I believe you know what it is.”
He exhaled a breath to bob his head as Barry paused to clear his throat then continued talking “As for Jacinda, I got a chance to confront her about breaking off the relationship and mating with you so soon after that which she refused to talk about it but told me that she’ll talk when the time was right. I later saw her give birth to a son that was taken away by people who didn’t have a humanoid form and didn’t press the matter figuring it was punishment for her attitude towards me. I wound up getting into helping people but had to travel a lot just to keep people from being suspicious about me enough to cause me harm. I later found Jacinda again in a castle while you were out disposed tied to a pole in a rainstorm and had a confrontation with her insisting that she admit her attitude and threatened to use my voice talent to get her to talk.” 
Jinks frowned as Barry paused to give off a sigh sound then the Builder continued “Oh Jacinda claimed to me that I wasn’t the first person she mated with to bore children and dumped once the children were born sending the children away to couples who didn’t have any children themselves to care for only to start another relationship again to have more children which were given away. I for some reason didn’t buy her explanation and used the voice on her which appeared to not work for she kept on her saying her claim despite that.”
He formed a frown on his lips as Barry kept talking “I got her to admit that I was the fourth male she mated with and dumped once she birth the offspring which the village she lived in out casted her due to her doing that three times to three different men of various status. The village figured out that she was pulling this joke kicked her out and she left to another village. She attempted to do the trick again but the men’s families for some unexplained reason figured out what she was doing kicked her out before she could mate with any of their males. She went to another village and met an old man who was considered a healer helping with medical ailments that took her in and taught her his work before passing away. Jacinda wound up resorting to her trick again when I wound up in her hands brought in by some villagers who thought I was very drunk due to how I walked without a cane and wouldn’t get out of being drunk by their attempts to cure my walking. She figured out that I needed a cane and gave me one but resorted to the joke having twins a son and a daughter whom I found out were given to a local couple that had problems conceiving children.”
Jinks exhaled a breath as Barry paused to give up a sound of disgust before continuing “Jacinda’s trick I’m told by her was discovered by you after some out of town traveler from her original village blabbed everything she did to his village to you. You told Jacinda to quit the trick after she tried to breakup with you which you refused to budge on the breakup stayed with her. She wouldn’t mate with you instead treated you as an annoyance and tried to have relationships with other men who backed off once they laid eyes on you glaring at them whenever she was hitting on them. Jacinda after failed attempts to hit on males wound on hitting on you and having a daughter along with a son later after that. You balked on having her give the children away insisted that she raise them which she wound up doing till the children were old enough to raise themselves.”
He frowned as Barry added “As for you, you kept the relationship with Jacinda and kept her from having any relationships with other men by insisting on having some castle priest marry the both of you and forced her to be committed towards you and told the village you were living that she was yours with a habit of straying.”
He frowned further as Barry again gave up a disgust sound “Ah Jacinda admitted that the village started seeing you as some deity enough to worship by her manipulating them to do that as an excuse to keep you occupied so she could keep up her trick. Too bad it backfired on Jacinda due to that the village took her literally and started seeing her as part of the deity and did the worshipping behavior towards her. The men wound up balking having a relationship with her including travelers who were warned off of her by village people saying that she was yours period. They even treated your children with her as sacred for the both of you to take care of.”
Jinks sighed as Barry paused to clear his throat then continued talking “I should admit that some well creditable member of the castle saw you use some gagging power on a female after she reportedly gave birth to twins and then you later claimed that she passed away giving birth. The member wound up correcting that by spreading a rumor of her death was by some other means courtesy of you and that they were going to burn you to death while tied to a pole but luckily that rainstorm prevented that. Oh I admit after I was finished with Jacinda, I used my voice talent to sway the castle natives in seeing you as some deity worth saving and worshipping while pointing the finger of responsibility towards her. I even used my voice talent to keep the castle members from admitting to you their attitude change.”
Jinks frowned as Barry stopped talking to give him a familiar look which he figured that the Builder wanted him to talk. 
He spoke “Interesting. Refresh my memory, how long were you around me in my life in Great Britain anyway?”
He frowned as Barry spoke “Long enough to keep you alive as your last known descendant passed away in battle with you fighting along with him. I was involved in that battle manipulating people using the voice to leave the both of us alone and alive as I dragged a knocked out you out of the fighting to safety. I managed to keep the enemy from targeting you with my voice talent and providing to be deadly with that ability. Your people won the battle in case you wanted to know but unfortunately the Drainers arrived and started picking on the survivors draining them to death leaving no one alive to tell about the fight from what I saw there. The both of us weren’t spared of the Drainers’ sucking, they found your blood disgusting and didn’t suck you but they wound up knocking me out after tasting my blood. I woke up in their castle kept prisoner and my voice talent wouldn’t work on them no matter how I tried using it. I believe you know what happened next which I already told you.” 
He nodded his head as Barry gave him a familiar look which he figured he was to say something.
He spoke “Interesting Barry. Just want to admit that my servant Bill complained to me about sensing some bad feeling from you that he didn’t like. The butler also wanted to know when I would have you leave for being my guest. He doesn’t approve of having me hanging around you. What do you got to say about that in your defense?”
He narrowed his eyes staring at Barry who spoke “Yes I’m aware of your butler’s attitude. Besides I’m needed elsewhere due to sensing that the Builders need someone with a clear head to help them pick up the pieces of the mess they made that the public humiliated them on. I believe that the Builders will only listen to one of them enough to trust in helping their situation which I’m going to take the job of doing that seeing that they need my help. Your situation is fine at the moment and don’t need my input.”
He nodded his head as Barry got up and added “Oh you have certain somebody for helping with matters so depend your problems on this person will you?”
He again nodded his head and frowned as Barry spoke in gibberish using the voice talent and disappeared in a flash of light which he sighed and heard a meow sound loudly. Jinks moved the chair back from the table and groaned as he felt pressure on his lap which he looked down to see Missy settle in a crouch position. He brought a hand on her back and heard her give up a meow sounding like annoyance to him which he removed his hand and settled his arms on the armrests of the chair still staring at the cat. 
Jinks felt a headache heard Ramses’ familiar voice speaking “No I can’t transport Horus to you. His furball which I know you hate that gonoid species is detected sitting on him. If I transport Horus I would wound up transporting that furball along too so I can’t do that job yet. What do you expect me to do?”
Jinks felt disgust hitting him growled an annoyed sound as he heard Ramses speak “Sorry can’t do that that furball is implanted with a tracker and it’s well known among Horus’s people that Highlanders are deathly afraid of that gonoid. Some of those people are detected to be very loyal to Horus and are Builders who had nothing to do with that stunt the species pulled that caused their humiliating mess in the first place.”
Jinks again felt disgust hitting him as Ramses paused which he brought a hand on his cheek elbow on the armrest and groaned loudly as Missy he sensed dug her claws into his thighs from her settling into a tummy sitting position on his lap. 
He again heard Ramses “Oh I would advise against to transporting both Horus and his furball to you. Furballs I warn you have been detected before hanging around the base and they won’t sit still for us to transport them out which you have to bug Ajax to do the job. Sorry nothing I can do about this.”
Jinks heard a yowl from Missy and saw her disappear in a flash of light which he stood up only to feel his arms grabbed by familiar hands while finding himself in the High Council’s throne room and saw Ajax nearby holding Jixi along with Anubis opposite from the pair with ears flat on top of his head a glare look in the gonoid head warrior’s eyes aimed at him before shifting attention towards the High Council. 
He focused his attention towards the group as Shad spoke sounding like sarcasm “Well, well welcome back, Horus. What do you have to say about causing various medical ailments among us from your ghost trick hmm?”
Jinks formed a thin line with his mouth and kept it shut feeling himself getting annoyed as Onya spoke “Well say something Horus. We want to know what you have to say about this. We’re not interested in scanning your mind at the moment and don’t feel like doing that so talk.”
He heard from Lance “Well excuse me for being rude but how do you expect Horus to say something about that when he has no memory of it smarty?”
He repeated Lance’s words saying Lance says and omitting the word smarty. 
He frowned as he heard Shad and Onya speak in unison sounding of disgust in the voices tone “Argh!”
Jinks felt himself getting annoyed with the High Council as Shad spoke “Oh Ramses transport Horus to Isle number four will you?”
He stiffened as he felt the Falcons’ grips off of him followed by the scene changing to a jungle and heard a familiar growling sound while sensing himself filmed. Jinks exhaled a breath to see numerous Tee Dees growling loudly come out of the bushes and proceeded to walk in a circle around him as he twisted his form to find himself surrounded by he counted about ten of them. 
Jinks exhaled a breath willing the Master through along with the Darkness and yelled mentally “Get me out of this trap before the Tee Dees attempt to suck me!”
He heard nothing in response stilled his form eyeing the Tee Dees to see their circle appeared to be getting smaller and figured that the circle walking was another way of attacking him due to previous attack not working by him hurting them. Jinks exhaled a breath to feel claws grab his shoulders and sensed a biting feeling in his back which he sensed was a Tee Dee sucking him as the other Tee Dees charged towards him. Jinks growled and with his hands felt his attempts to yank the sucking Tee Dee off him no success as the other Tee Dees attacked him with their jaws and he felt them sucking him and felt his hands attempts met failure to remove them. He felt himself sleepy shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a ringing noise jerked open his eyes to find himself back in the High Council’s throne room restrained by the Falcons and checked his body sensing nothing seriously wrong with it which confused him. He felt the Master and the Darkness not in control but in the back of his mind by the noises the Master roared within him.
He heard a loud voice speaking “Daddy.”
Jinks shifted to see Jixi held in Ajax’s arms as Ajax appeared to have his head aimed at the kid who looked at his father before looking back at him. 
He saw Ajax turn his head towards the High Council waggling it followed by the speakers speaking “Argh!”
Jinks felt his confusion take hold formed it on his face as Anubis whispered loudly “Don’t you remember anything after being sucked by the Tee Dees which they finished and left you lying there?”
He shook his head in a no gesture and figured that the High Council wouldn’t understand his head gesture spoke out loud “No I don’t remember a damn thing after the Tee Dees started sucking me but I remember falling asleep and passing out unconscious.” 
He felt his confusion still within him as the speakers again spoke “Argh!”
He frowned as he heard a voice in his mind sounding like Ramses speaking “He’s not kidding about that. He was completely knocked out by the Tee Dees due to sensing that they lost interests in sucking him because he was sleeping. They don’t like sucking victims when their asleep, they prefer their victims to be awake so they can gauge how much their taking in and leave the victim alive for another day to be sucked on again. That’s from not having much food sources on the island for them to get their nourishment.”
Jinks felt the headache stop as he eyed the High Council which he spoke “Spill it where did my tracker say I’ve been since you transported me to that island?”
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Oh dear that left another problem Horus. Your tracker signal was rigged to say that you’re in your home location just to prevent any transporting out of your situation. Your tracker signal at the moment is detected saying our throne room due to those hackers managed to erase our rigging. Nothing we can do about figuring out where you’ve been healed up from the Tee Dees’ sucking is leaving your tracking signal clearly defined. Except new problems of your minions ordering the Meritanians to transport you out of the Tee Dees’ trap, their detected aware of that Tee Dees live on the island from hacking into our files. Nothing we can do about that."
Jinks felt disgust take hold refrained from making a sound of the emotion as he spoke “You sure that the Shadonia don’t have the medical means to heal me along with the Drainers and whoever that lives in some crater underwater?”
He heard from Shad “Ah the Freeloaders, or Keo as they call themselves that live in the Marinara crater. The Meritanians have assured us truthfully repeatedly when asked over and over that they don’t seem interested in helping people outside their home so they didn’t do it.  Neither did the Shadonia for their not that advanced in medical technology to help other species. I doubt that the Drainers would help either due to that their not that medical advanced enough to do the job so it’s got to be someone else.”
Jinks inhaled a breath hearing that spoke “Perhaps it’s from one of your minions doing it under your nose hmm?”
He heard both speakers give off harrumphs sounds followed by Onya speaking “Impossible, we don’t have the medical technology to heal you fast enough from being sucked by the Tee Dees regardless of how they suck you.”
Jinks spoke “Don’t tell me that it’s my body doing that healing bit by itself.” 
He heard “Argh!”
Jinks felt a headache and heard Ramses speak “Actually Lance Richard admitted that his body doesn’t have the ability to heal that fast for getting up and walking after being sucked by Tee Dees. He says that Horus in his body couldn’t be doing that healing either. Horus according to him was sucked by Tee Dees before, cycles ago and had similar body reactions to him being in the body after waking up from being sucked by those gonoids.”
Jinks frowned as he recalled being told by Barry about being put in a specialized tube to keep his karate ability intact mentally spoke “Father, don’t tell me that specialized tube I slept in for years had anything to do with adjusting my body to heal from being sucked by Tee Dees.”
He heard Lance speak in response “By the way just to let you know after the Tee Dees left you alone you were ignored by the High council till nightfall is when the Meritanians transported you out to them and woke up in the throne room.” 
He mentally spoke “Ugh I healed myself, it figures why I’m like this but what brought that on? That specialized tube I slept in must have done something to me I guess.” 
He heard “Busy don’t disturb.”
Jinks heard “Horus hello?!”
He sighed to focus on the High Council recognizing the speakers’ voices speaking in unison the words. 
He spoke “Just thinking of something that’s all.”  
Jinks frowned as Shad spoke “Care to share it with us due to Ajax saying that Lance Richard was detected talking to you?”
He heard the sarcasm in Shad’s voice tone and spoke recalling himself filmed when the Tee Dees attacked him spoke “Just wondering if you had cameras recording the scene of the Tee Dees attacking me. Perhaps they could explain what caused me to be healed all up.”
He clamped his mouth shut as Onya spoke “Well we did had recorders recording the scene till they were hacked and put out of commission after the Tee Dees were seen sucking on you. The cameras as you call them are currently still out of commission and we had to depend on the Meritanians’ monitoring the scene. They admit that the Tee Dees knocked you out but quit their attack and walked away going elsewhere. The plants in question have balked saying what else happened to you due to saying that someone ordered them to keep their mouths shut with a threat according to them mentioned which they have refused to say what the threat is only said its nasty. The Meritanians have refused to say if it’s a Builder who pulled this stunt or whoever responsible by whining about a certain threat they won’t say but kept saying its nasty over and over.” 
He frown feeling himself confused as Shad spoke “By the way the Meritanians are telling the truth whenever we mention the Keo to them doing anything according to our lie detector whose mind is easily scanned to detect whether it’s a lie or a truth said.” 
Jinks heard both speakers speak “Argh!”
He frown feeling himself more confused as Shad spoke “Impossible, Ajax, for that to happen. We tested your father very thoroughly and didn’t find anything to indicate self healing from Tee Dees sucking on him. We did found self healing for cut wounds and that was the only thing we found to indicate that so no its not self healing like you think.” 
Jinks formed a frown on his face feeling himself more confused as he heard Ramses speak in his mind “Ugh the restless minions of Horus are detected getting antsy with you having him. Mind if I transport him to them just to keep the Builder minions from ordering something annoying?”
Jinks exhaled a breath as he felt the Falcons’ grips off his arms and found himself in his bedroom with the alarm clock saying the time of nine o’clock in the morning. He sighed to hear an irritated hiss sound coming from his bed which he looked to see Missy sitting in her cat bed ears flat on her head and an angry look on her face. He sighed and looked down at his clothes to feel air and figured that they were holey from the Tee Dees biting him. He groaned and turned and went into the bathroom thinking that a shower will do him some good. 

Jinks walked out of the bathroom fresh from showering while dressed in new clean clothes and still wearing his familiar bullet proof vest underneath his top along with shoes that were appearing to be dressy but felt like sneakers to him. He sighed and felt a cat face rubbing on his ankle which he bent down and scratched Missy’s back who arched underneath his hands. He sighed as Missy gave up a meow sounding content before running out of his hands to get onto the bed he saw going to her cat bed to sit in and appeared to have fallen asleep. Jinks straighten up his form and went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to find Bill looking relieved to see him. 
He spoke “Spill it, who got antsy for me to return from the High Council? I got it straight from the Meritanians.”
He glared at Bill who spoke with nervousness in his voice “Sorry I was ordered not to say till a certain time period has passed which I would be allowed to say that.” 
He narrowed his eyes aimed at Bill and spoke “This waiting better be good and worth my time.” 
He saw Bill form nervousness on his face before the butler nodded his head. He walked off going to the dining room which he found food ready for him and sat down gobbling up the food and gulping down the drinks in two cups holding different liquids. He once finished pushed aside the tray and heard a chair scrape sound looked at his right to see Meritania sit down giving off a loud harrumph sound. 
Jinks spoke “You know anything about me healing abruptly in mysterious terms from Tee Dees sucking on me?”
He stared at Meritania who appeared to stare at him back before the Highlander spoke “I assure you of one thing, Jinks. I had nothing to do with that. I can only say is that someone has taken an interest in your well being to hide it from the High Council from what I can assume is going on with you.”
He inhaled a breath and spoke “You sure you don’t know who the identity of that someone is?”
He saw Meritania shake his head in a Human no gesture before the Highlander added “Sorry I’m not well tuned to everything going on around Meritania unlike the Meritanians are regarding manoids.”
He gave up a sound of disgust as Meritania added “I just take care of Meritania and whatever problem she has she alerts me of it and I fix it that’s all. I haven’t heard any complaints from her regarding you so I doubt that I could be much help with what’s going on with you.” 
He heard an edge in Meritania’s voice tone exhaled a breath thinking that the Highlander was hiding something. He got up from the chair and sensed Meritania doing the same as he walked out of the dining room and sensed the Highlander following him. He went to the gym room swinging open the doors and walked inside. 
Jinks heard Meritania speak “I think you should take it easy with your combat training. You don’t what to wreck up their efforts of healing you by doing physical activities.” 
Jinks fisted his hands feeling himself annoyed turned around and stalked towards Meritania who formed a frown with his lips. He uncurled his hands and with speed grabbed Meritania by the armpits and lifted the Highlander up dangling his feet while hearing a groaning sound coming from the male. 
Jinks spoke “Don’t tell me what to do around here. I’m getting fed up with people hiding things from me and telling me what to do. It has me furious about that.” 
He glared at Meritania who spoke “Quite understandable so please put me down before I do something regrettable.”
He removed his hands and allowed Meritania to drop to the floor that landed on his feet without appearing to be off balanced.  He turned around and went to the middle of the gym room to sit down and did his stretching exercises feeling no complaints but feeling his tension go away while doing the stretches. He forced himself to get up awkwardly instead of his karate swung up move then walked out of the gym room sensing Meritania following him. Jinks went to the library doors swinging them open and walked inside going to his chair picking up his book. He sat down and stuck the book in his face forcing himself to read it ignoring Meritania and things going around him reading an uncounted number of pages till the lights above blinked which he heard a loud snoring sound lowered the book to see Bill standing in the doorway. 
Bill he stared at spoke “Its time for your required meal so go eat.” 
He obeyed to thump the book onto the table to see Meritania sitting in the chair with form still while hearing a snoring sound and figured that the Highlander was sleeping. He quietly left the room and went to the dining room finding a cup of strawberry milkshake sitting on the table which he grabbed and gulped down. 
He placed the cup onto the table and heard Lance speak in his mind “Alright, Jinks, the one that got antsy for you to return was Missy by her loud hissing and meowing sounds heard while she was in your bedroom. Bill found her sitting on your bed and deducted that she was angry about something searched the apartment and couldn’t find you. Your minions had tracked you to the High Council’s home base which the Meritanians transported you back after one of them a servant of the High Council yelled at the plants to do that due to detecting a Builder one of your loyal minions thinking of ordering something nasty to the group. Your minions in question don’t like having you hanging around the High Council or transported to them due to being aware of the group doing nasty things to you which they don’t want to happen again.”
Jinks exhaled a breath to mentally speak “What’s with the butler not telling me outright about this but having to hear it from you?”
He heard “Busy don’t disturb.” 
Jinks yelled mentally in his mind “Drat you Meritanians! Must you scan my father’s mind?!”
He heard nothing from Lance exhaled a breath thinking of going to the gym room and on the way felt compelled to hit the library which he growled an annoyed sound figuring that the Meritanians were doing it. He found the doors shut opened them both and halted to see Meritania reading a book instead of sleeping like he was when he left the room. Jinks quietly walked inside shutting the doors and he eyed the book Meritania was reading to see it appeared to be a romance novel by an apparent male face kissing a female on the neck, with face and frontal upper body shown wearing some odd clothing, on the cover. He sighed and went to his chair to sit and picked up his book beginning to read more of it. 
Jinks read the book till the lights blinked above lowered it to glare at Bill standing in the doorway that spoke “I just like to tell you that your cat was the one that alerted me of you gone from the apartment from the noises she was making. The others managed to track you to the High Council’s home base and got you out before anything serious happened. Just be assured that you won’t have to put up with the Meritanians transporting you to the High Council again which I’m told to tell you that this was stopped.” 
He nodded his head as Bill stepped back shutting the doors quietly which he heard “Hmm vampires. Just don’t say the word vampire in a Drainer’s face and they’ll react violently. They despise being called that and find it insulting enough to react violently.”
Jinks sighed loudly hearing Meritania’s words and resumed reading his book finishing it and got up going to the bookshelves which he found another book in the series by the author replaced it with the already read book and yanked it out. He went to sit and opened the book only to hear a throat clearing noise sounding looked to see the doors shut which he turned to look at Meritania looking at him by head position book on the table. 
He exhaled a breath as Meritania spoke “Just heard something from the Meritanians you should know of. I’m cued to their talk on a permanent basis thanks to being in that tube machine. Harrumph.” 
He frowned as Meritania paused then added “The Meritanians at the moment are talking with the High Council about not revealing the one responsible for healing you from the Tee Dees’ sucking. The plants are insisting that the one who pulled this has a credible threat that is really nasty and they are still refusing to say what it is or the identity of the healer. Their currently from hearing them arguing with the High Council on that despite the group insisting on obeying them and their orders.”
Jinks frowned hearing the Highlander’s words as Meritania cocked his head becoming silent before adding “Interesting, the Meritanians are threatening to dump the High Council in King Winter’s Kingdom if they keep on bringing up the subject.”
He kept his mouth shut as Meritania paused followed by speaking “Hmm sounds to me that Anubis got involved in the argument and halted it from the Meritanians yelling at him to shut up or be dumped in King Winter’s Kingdom.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath as Meritania added “Hmph they stopped at the moment and from the noises their making their not in a talking mood and is quite angry so best to leave them alone till their calmer enough to talk or have them do something nasty to spite people.”
Jinks nodded his head as Meritania picked up his book turning aside and appeared to be reading it which he held up the book in his hands and began reading it finding himself engrossed in the contents. He read the book till the lights above blinked which he looked at the doorway to find Bill standing there. 
Bill spoke “Excuse me, Merry and Master Jinks it’s time for both of you to eat your required meals.” 
He sighed and placed the book down on the table marking his spot as he noticed Meritania do the same and sensed the Highlander following him to the dining room which he found two trays holding dishware full of food. Jinks went to sit down in his familiar spot and took his time eating the food finding himself needing to do it. Jinks watched Meritania out of the corners of his eyes eat the food by using silverware like an expert using them and then shifted his attention back to his food. Jinks once done with the food sipped the drink with long sips and put the cup down once finished. Jinks shifted to stare at Meritania drinking from a cup food gone from his plate and waited as the Highlander finished his drinking to put the cup down and stared back at him cocking his head. Jinks figured to himself that Meritania wanted him to say something by the head gesture. 
He spoke “Isn’t there anything for me to do like a volcano to erupt or earthquake to make?”
He heard an hmm sound from Meritania before the Highlander spoke “Not at the moment due to detecting things will go bad if you do that in a certain area.” 
He frowned and spoke “Australia Atoll? That’s where the High Council live and what the Humans dub their home as.” 
Jinks saw Meritania shake his head in a no gesture then point a finger aimed at him jabbing it in his direction which he spoke “Ugh I’m not up to strength to do that am I?”
He saw Meritania nod his head with lowering finger to put it on the table uncurling his hand before the Highlander spoke “I wouldn’t recommend it due to that it takes a lot out of you enough to make you sleep for more than normal standards with all that stunts you’ve gone through courtesy of the High Council and whoever pulling them.” 
He sighed loudly to nod his head before speaking in a groaning tone “I have an implant in my head that monitors my brain organ’s activity and keeps track of my location. The High Council has figured out how to get their computers to monitor me via implant in my skull connected to some sensor which they’ll know if I’m setting off a volcano or earthquake in their area. They managed to confront me on doing that and used force to stop the event from continuing. They even retaliated against me by trashing my reputation to the public through announced public messages which my people had to counterattack the slander by holding press conferences and announcing the truth.”
He paused from talking to clear his throat then continued “The reason that the High Council were trashing me because they told me that they blame me for not preventing the assassinations of three previous High Council groups and were attempting to kill me off. I managed to survive numerous attempts of being poisoned by various assassins set off by the High Council.”
He paused to hear a harrumph from Meritania followed by the Highlander speaking “Weren’t you told by someone that the actual reason for the assassination attempts were due to the High Council’s jealousy of your deathless status due to that they needed machines to survive longer than normal Highlander life spans?”
He gave up a loud groaning sound and spoke “Yes I was told of that. Ugh wonder when they’ll quit the assassination attempts and accept that I’m the way I am?”
He felt disgust take hold allowed the emotion through to hear Meritania speak “Actually the High Council after they got their hands on me threw me through various tests to determine why I’m like the way I am with my eyes being odd for a Highlander.”
He frowned as Meritania adjusted the sunglasses to bare his eyes which he saw with shock that they were Shadonian like, all white, before the Highlander covered them. 
He stared at Meritania who added “The eye wear is not just for decoration but helps me see things during the day. I’m blind without them when it’s daylight but can see fine when it’s dark. The High Council shared their test results done on me saying that I’m a hybrid of various species in a Highlander form with eyes of a Shadonian. They claim that I was one of the prototyped species created by this deity named Edenia and given the job of controlling Meritania to keep her functions going. Ugh well they assumed that due to one of the species I’m a hybrid of is known to be deathless which you have yourself. Unfortunately that theory isn’t the truth at all but a joke.” 
He exhaled a breath as Meritania paused to give up a harrumph sound followed by speaking “I had to correct the High Council on their theory by informing them that I was from a world named Humania born on it and traveled to some gorge in the earth which I went in and wound up in Shadan. My body form I had after arriving in Shadan got changed into this form you’re seeing now and that it took me quite a bit to figure out what my purpose was from the help of a Meritanian named Merra. Merra in question helped me with my duties including admitting to helping one other I found out was in a similar situation as I was, arriving from Humania and having form changed. She later admitted to help out others in similar situations till the mainland arrived and her brother Ramses due to some silly argument about her using manoids to breed offspring transported her off planet. I heard from the High Council that he transported another Meritanian dubbed Tank off planet due to being fed up with that plant’s whining about missing Merra and did it to shut him up.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Meritania’s words as the Highlander gave off a small laugh and continued to add “A pity that the Meritanians aren’t very smart when it comes to serving people and not thinking of the consequences of them following orders of manoids. They have been following the High Council’s orders since the moment the group contacted the plants after hearing them converse among each other and wanted to know more about them. It took the High Council awhile to accept that the Meritanians are sentient mind walking plants and not Highlanders like them which has me annoyed with the group for thinking that in the first place.”
He gave up a sound of disgust hearing that as Meritania cocked his head appearing to be staring at him whom he figured wanted him to say something. 
Jinks spoke “Oh interesting. I heard the Meritanians complain to me about the High Council’s attitude of seeing them as Highlanders instead of what they really are. Well it’s nice that the High Council finally accepted what the Meritanians are from hearing the group refer them as plants from time to time when I’m in their presence.”
He saw Meritania get up fading from view and frowned to sense a presence entering the room which he got up and looked to see Bill pause mid walk with a serious look on the butler’s face. 
Jinks form a questioning look on his face as Bill spoke “You’re wanted in the lobby to go out the entrance and make an appearance to the public due to them repeatedly asking for you and not put off by your spokesperson telling them that you were occupied.” 
Jinks sighed and spoke “Fine I’ll go. Just hope the crowd doesn’t accuse my spokesperson of being a Builder.” 
He frowned as Bill cleared his throat loudly before the butler spoke “Actually the spokesperson is a Highlander and one of your guards that is assigned to the lobby. Someone I heard talked out your actual spokesperson a Builder from speaking to the public due to saying that the press would have a field day about you having Builders serving you after what I heard Builders tried to attempt to assassinate the current King due to him being some enemy species of their race.” 
He exhaled a breath to nod his head and walked out of the room sensing Bill not following him which he went to the elevator and found a Highlander guard inside which he once inside spoke “Lobby.” 
He eyed the Highlander who pressed a numbered button and felt the elevator go down with familiar noises heard and shifted eyes towards the doors as the thing stopped and the doors opened showing the lobby which he walked out. He found a Human male wearing a business suit standing among guards holding a device in his hand that paused from speaking to look at him flashing golden eyes which he figured was a Builder. He saw the Builder point a finger at the entrance and then pointed the finger at him while gesturing with his head. Jinks obeyed going to the entrance to walk out hearing the crowd become silent sensing them seeing him as he saw a Highlander wearing guard wear clothes minus a gun weapon in his hands standing sideways in front of a microphone stand that looked at him and gave him a head bob while sensing himself filmed. 
He folded his arms and heard a male voice sounding in his mind along with the headache “I told the crowd to be patient, for you would arrive when security says so. I did remind them of a certain assassination attempt on a high profile person that have tightened security around you due to wishing to avoid a similar incident.”
He mentally spoke “Fine anything else I should do?”
He heard “They haven’t said anything about a statement from you regarding an incident involving Builders. I haven’t been instructed to say something on your behalf on that.” 
He felt the headache stop as he eyed each member of the crowd that gave him various emotion looks from him staring at them till his eye fell on black haired female wearing sunglasses covering her eyes and frowned sensing that she seemed familiar to him. He continued to frown as he looked away from her to continue looking at the crowd as he recalled seeing a female with similar hair color with Torresin knocking her out and injecting the male Builder with a syringe gun’s drug. 
He mentally thought as his eyes again gave the crowd a look over again “Hmm that female with sunglasses seems familiar. Wonder who she is?”
He heard from Lance “She’s just a family friend of Torresin named Lavinia, trained in karate and the one who poisoned you on orders of a High Council servant who insisted that she bring you down due to sensing your reaction to her.” 
He stiffened as his eyes again stared at the female in the sunglasses, Lavinia he assumed and felt his eyes couldn’t stay off of her.  
He mentally spoke “Ugh what species is Lavinia anyway and what’s with my reaction towards her?”
He heard from Lance “Why don’t you go up to Lavinia and take her inside and ask? I suggest you do that anyway.” 
He sighed softly unfolded his arms and walked slowly towards the crowd hearing nothing from them while sensing his guards at the door flanking him till he reached the barricade and where Lavinia was standing and held out a hand towards her. 
Jinks spoke “I like to talk to you privately inside.” 
He stared at Lavinia who nodded her head and stepped forwards which he lifted her up over the barricade hearing the crowd gasp then took her hand and walked into the building sensing the guards escorting him but stopped their escort as he walked inside with her. 
Once inside and away from the entrance he let go of her hand and spoke “Spill it who’s Torresin to you anyway?”
 Jinks saw Lavinia’s lips form a frown before she spoke “He’s a childhood friend of my father, a Human actually which both kept up the friendship despite their racial differences. Torresin had a hand in raising me after my father wound up paralysis from the waist down in a car accident which his medical condition hasn’t improved yet despite all the treatments done.” 
He heard from Lance “Ask her for Torresin’s full legal name.” 
He frowned and spoke “What’s Torresin’s full legal name anyway?”
He stared at Lavinia with a frown who removed the sunglasses from her eyes showing them Human blue which he widen his eyes with shock seeing that. 
She spoke “Torresin’s name is actually Nathan Baxter with some number at the end for he has predecessors who carried that name but he’s been dubbed Torresin by Builders due to being one of them.” 
Jinks felt himself stiffening recognizing the name of Nathan Baxter and stiffened further as he recalled the house he entered to drug Torresin and realized that its familiarity was because he had been there before. 
He spoke “What am I to Torresin?”
He saw her form a frown on her face before she spoke “Torresin has indicated that he’s a descendant of you through a female who you helped with a problem and she wound up expecting your child despite her married to someone else. I heard that was why he got the leadership position of the Builders serving you. According to sources he kept the information of being a descendant from you and wound up paying a harsh price for doing that which included his rude treatment towards you.” 
He frowned as Lavinia continued “Torresin later admitted to me in private that he’s upset with his behavior towards you along with being power mad when it came to the leadership position that he was later kicked out of. He sends his apologies for that and mentioned something about having his blessing which he refuses to say what he meant regarding that.” 
Jinks saw Lavinia form confusion on her face which he sighed and spoke “Alright I admit it, I kissed you on the lips while you were out unconscious after drugging Torresin.”
He saw her eyes widen followed by a frown appearing on her face as she spoke “Argh it explains what Torresin meant by you having his blessing. Harrumph I would love to know how he found out about that lip lock due to that he was appearing to be knocked out cold when asleep in bed. I never said a word about it to anyone at all despite coming around and feeling you kissing me.”
Jinks inhaled a breath and spoke as she paused “You sure of that Torresin couldn’t have found out? He could have a Highlander servant scan your mind and blab the contents to him.” 
He frowned as she gave up a harrumph sound before speaking “Impossible I have the ability to detect when Highlanders are scanning my mind by a certain headache forming. I have felt that from some Meritanian named Terra talking to me and explaining it to me days prior to the incident of Torresin being drugged happened.” 
Jinks sighed and spoke “Hmm perhaps Torresin wasn’t really out cold after I drugged him which he must have woken up and pressed an alarm while I was distracted with kissing you. I did hear banging on a door and heard it crash open just as I left the room through the porch door.” 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Lavinia gave up a loud sound of disgust before she spoke “Hmph, I’ll take that matter up to Torresin once he’s well enough to handle me confronting him. He managed to recover from the drug due to that some Meritanian blabbed what it was and his doctor luckily had the proper medicine on hand gave it to him and he’s doing fine but restricted to bed rest for awhile.”
He nodded his head and saw her eyes narrow staring at him which he spoke “Your not allergic to cats are you? I have one as a pet.” 
He heard a sigh sound from Lavinia who spoke “No I’m not allergic to cats despite my mother being allergic which tests revealed that I haven’t inherited that. Lucky.” 
Jinks spoke “Come on up and meet Missy my cat.” 
He heard an agreement from her and took her hand going to an elevator gestured by a guard which inside he spoke “Penthouse.” 
Jinks once inside the elevator turned towards Lavinia and brought a hand on her chin and then brought his lips to her lips kissing her while hearing nothing from Lance sounding in his mind figured that she was safe enough for him to take as his mate. He sensed her kissing him back by her movements and felt her hands rubbing his scalp massaging the area as he kissed her. 
Jinks broke off the kiss to feel a tap on his shoulder looked at the guard with a glare who spoke “Sorry destination reached.” 
He sighed sensing the elevator wasn’t moving walked out to see Bill there that flashed Builder like eyes meeting her and gave a nod before speaking “I’m Bill the butler, Miss Latynina.”
He heard her speak “Nice to meet you Bill.” 
He spoke recalling the last name Latynina in his memory “Dismissed Bill.” 
Jinks watched as Bill faded from view then he turned to face Lavinia and spoke “Latynina, as in Reginald Latynin?”
He saw her frown as she spoke “Ooh I keep forgetting that you lived longer than normal life spans regardless you’re Human or not. As for Reginald, there was one in the family but care to tell me where you met him? Perhaps I’ll remember what was said about this Reginald.”
Jinks spoke “Ah that was from attending High School in Wethersfield, Connecticut. I tried out for the football team which the coach selected me over a favored by others’ player with that name nicknamed Reggie who was a junior while I was a freshman. Needless to say that the football team didn’t take this well and wound up bullying me as a result an attempt to kick me off the team so Reggie could take my place. They bullied me all freshman year and continued it in my sophomore year after I was again picked over Reggie. They quit the bullying after I had a hand in the team tying for a state championship title with another High School. That’s where I heard the name, refresh your memory?”
He stared at Lavinia who formed a big frown before forming ranges of emotions on her face before she spoke “Ugh that Reginald you talked about is the one I heard about in the family.”
He exhaled a breath hearing that as she continued “There’s another won’t die rumor in the family that the coach who picked you for the team admitted to the universities that the team’s performance was because of you being bullied into getting them victories which they backed off wanting you on their teams. I heard the reason for the back off was they were afraid that your performance wouldn’t be up to their standards with you playing for them and not having a reason to help them win victories.” 
Jinks growled an angry sound hearing that as she formed a grimace on her face. 
He spoke “Just wish someone bothered to tell me of that back then. I wouldn’t have gone through the trouble of applying for scholarships to universities and trying out for the college football team the whole time I attended the university and facing rejection from that.” 
He heard a meow sounding happy and saw her look down which he did the same to see Missy rubbing her head on Lavinia’s leg along with her body. 
He spoke “Hmm appears that Missy likes you. Just rub her back near the tail end and she’ll appreciate the attention.” 
Jinks watched as Lavinia bent down and did what he instructed seeing Missy’s back arch underneath her hand motions followed by the cat giving of meowing sounds sounding happy to him. He continued to watch as Lavinia expertly lavished attention onto Missy who appeared to enjoy it before running off out of sight. 
He sighed and spoke “Allow me to show you the place if you don’t mind.” 
He stared at Lavinia who straightened up her form and she spoke “please do.” 
He obeyed to show her the penthouse’s contents including having her meet the cook Jim and Mrs. Dermott in the kitchen with both servants smiling with approval looks in their eyes. He sighed as he led her to his bedroom and took her inside shutting the doors behind him. 
He stared at Lavinia who spoke “Oh dear I hate having to say this but Missy will have to have her bed elsewhere to make room for me to sleep there.” 
He sighed and went to the bed picking up the cat bed and carried it as if compelled to a bare corner of the room and placed it down then went to stand in front of Lavinia rubbing his hands on her arms as she sighed not meeting his eyes.  
He sighed softly as she spoke “Your gym room what do you do in there?”
He spoke “I practice combative training called karate quite religiously and I have a black belt in it. You know what it is and have experience in it?’
He stared at Lavinia who didn’t meet his eyes only appeared to stare at his shoulder which she spoke “I have experience in karate but the term for it is Combative Art. I have managed to reach red belt status before quitting taking classes to focus on helping my mother adjust to living without my father who’s currently living elsewhere. The adjustment has been hard for my mother who’s used to taking care of my father but she wound up with cancer and had to take care of herself first. She’s currently in remission at the moment and doesn’t need my help.”
He gently hugged her as she continued talking “I was considering joining a local army group due to not having a purpose in life and needing to have something to do. That was halted when I was told that Torresin was hurt and I went to play nursemaid with him but he didn’t need my help anyway judging by how he recovered from his injuries.”
He continued hugging Lavinia sensing her liking it as she kept talking “Anyway I heard from the press while out and about that whoever you chose as your mate will be crowned Empress by you or someone else in some ceremony along with doing the same to your offspring once their legal adult status and have already found a mate. I heard the reason for the offspring’s crowning was because their thinking of passing down the title just to ease the pressures of you being Emperor and to make sure that you would have a break from holding the title and the fuss it brings.”
Jinks sighed and leaned his head on Lavinia’s head feeling pressure on his chest and sensed her hands on there.
He heard her add “By the way I did a book report as an assignment on a famous political person and picked you which I got a passing grade on it. I got to warn you that there have been biography books on you seen in a major bookstore in the city when I stopped to look at the window display and saw the books there with various pictures of you. I went inside and examined them and discovered that they were biographies detailing various subjects involving you.”
He exhaled a breath willing himself to be calm finding himself annoyed hearing that as she stopped talking to feel her hands touch the back of his neck getting rubbing the area. 
He sighed again from her gentle movements spoke “I doubt I would be willing to do a memoir on myself due to that there are things I prefer to stay hidden and I don’t like talking about them.” 
He heard her speak “Yes I know. The High Council wouldn’t be happy having you talking. I scanned one of the books and it mentioned that you were said to be tortured by some group fingers pointed to be the High Council which a war was declared but later dropped.”
Jinks felt a needle prick of pain in the back of neck jerked thrusting her away from him and saw a syringe in her hand along with a glare look on her face. He glared at her and felt the Master willed through to see her eyes widen as she backed away from him with fear in her face. He waved a hand willing paralysis to hit her as he felt himself weak in the knees and fell on them. He watched as she crumpled to the floor dropping the syringe. Jinks crawled towards Lavinia whose expression remained blank which he brought his lips to hers and kissed her fully before breaking off to placing a hand on her throat and settling his cheek on her chest and shutting his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a ringing sound found himself lying naked on a body that felt feminine and naked and heard mumbling sounds with the Master still in control. He raised his head to find himself still in his bedroom on the bed on top of Lavinia who was chained to the bed wearing some kind of grey colored tape covering her mouth and heard her making noises sounding like annoyance seeing the look in her eyes displaying it. Jinks felt irritation hitting him got up from the bed and darted into the bathroom. He came out to stand staring at Lavinia on the bed naked and eyed her body to see it looked a bit muscular for her form with femininity. He sighed and felt like needing to mate hit him went to Lavinia staring at her in the eyes seeing an annoyed look in them. He eyed her breasts to place hands on the bed besides them and then settled on top of her and stilled his form staring at her still having that annoyed look in her eyes. Jinks thrust out a knee thrusting her legs apart and finding her still looking annoyed by the eyes’ look and resisting to his efforts. 
He glared at her and spoke “Stop resisting now or else.” 
He got a noise from her ignored it and again thrust out her legs apart only to get resistance. He heard a howling sound and felt himself thrown backwards to feel himself hitting the closet doors with a bang sound on his back. Jinks slid to the floor feeling himself falling asleep hitting him shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the familiar alarm sound of his alarm clock found himself lying on his bed with a towel covering his sensitive part wrapped around him. He sat up finding Lavinia was gone and Missy’s bed was back on the bed in its familiar spot. He frowned wondering what happened to prevent him from mating with Lavinia. He continued to frown as night vision flared in his eyes sight which he looked at the alarm clock to see it blare the time of nine o’clock in the evening. He sighed and got up from the bed and went into the bathroom thinking of what he could do there. 
He heard from Lance “Go take a shower. Your cat doesn’t like the smell of Lavinia on you and won’t hang out.” 
Jinks mentally spoke “Why was she friendly with her before this happened?”
He heard from Lance “Jinks, just shower and go to bed. I’ll talk to you face to face once you’re in bed.” 
He obeyed to drop the towel and showered then got out to dry himself followed by putting on the pajama pants on the sink counter. He left the bathroom and got into bed and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who didn’t look happy by the expression on his father’s face.
Lance he stared placed hands on his chest and forehead making him calm before talking “Lavinia omitted that King Winter passed on the title to her twin brother Levi who was looking for her. Levi nearly drained her father enough to put him in the hospital which he’s living in an assistance facility. The Meritanians were aware of Levi as King Winter figured out what he wanted transported him into the room. Levi used some power to toss you off and freed his sister before getting her under his mind control to mate with you unconscious then the Meritanians transported them both out.”
Jinks frowned feeling himself still calm as Lance continued “I managed to get the plants to say hinting that Lavinia and King Winter are with the Drainers who have the medical technology for offspring births regardless of their species. Lavinia was given the Queen Winter crown by her brother and she’s now a female version of the cold lord. I’m not sure what the Drainers plan to do to the baby I’m told was already born and a Human male from the looks of him.”
Jinks frowned further forming it on his lips as Lance kept talking “The High Council according to the Meritanians has managed to figure out the situation from overhearing the plants’ hints to me about it. From what I could tell the Meritanians have apparently balked transporting to the High Council the baby instead said that someone else ordered them first to do it and have already done it. They claim that the person who healed you of the Tee Dees’ sucking ordered the Meritanians to transport the baby someplace which the plants obeyed due to that the person said the order first before the High Council got to say it. Oh I should tell you that the Meritanians are still arguing with the High Council on this somebody who helped you with the Tee Dees’ medically.”
He saw Lance’s eyes narrow with a glare in them as his father added “The High Council have come to think the four horsemen’s sister was responsible due to how well you healed from the Tee Dees’ sucking and scanned her cell. They only managed to find out that she was busy healing various Highlanders at the whole time you were out of commission by the Tee Dees and out of the High Council’s hands which they figured that she wasn’t the one responsible. The group scanned the four horsemen’s minds and discovered nothing to indicate of another like their sister capable of healing people by touching them. Their sister’s mind was scanned but couldn’t deep scan her due to her having a wall that only allowed them know what she was thinking but not able to access her memories. The Meritanians have balked scanning her by orders saying that she would go insane if they did it which the High Council’s lie detector indicated as Nameless a Shadonian hybrid assassin said it was the truth.”
He frowned to nod his head as he felt his eyes forced shut felt himself passing out unconscious came to hearing the sound of an alarm clock jerked open his eyes lurching up in a sitting position to eye the clock seeing it blare the time of eight o’clock in the morning. 
He heard from Lance “Go take a shower. You were out for three days as ordered medically by your doctor. King Winter’s throwing you off caused you to need sleep to heal along with the mating wrecked you up as well.” 
Jinks obeyed getting up going into the bathroom

Jinks came out dressed in his familiar clothes and bullet proof vest underneath along with shoes on his feet and hair brushed. He sighed and went to the bedroom doors swinging them open to frown seeing a male he recognized as King Winter standing having a hand on the throat of Bill who didn’t look happy. 
Jinks frowned as Bill spoke “Says the public has taken the excuse of Lavinia becoming Queen Winter by her appearing in front of them courtesy of Meritanians to feed off with me there and her form becoming my equal in the rule of the cold.”
Jinks wisely kept his mouth shut frowned as Bill continued “Says you are valued alive by powerful people who see you very valuable and that they don’t wish to have the publicity and attention for their views. They only wish to see that you remain alive and unharmed and will do what it takes to see that happen. Those people in question have gotten away with letting your enemies think that you’re not worth their time when you are actually.” 
Jinks frowned further forming it on his lips as King Winter let go of Bill and disappeared in a flash of light. 
He went to the butler putting hands on Bill’s throat feeling him who spoke “I’m alright, Master Jinks. He didn’t hurt me having his hand on my throat but his grip was a little stifling enough for me to feel some trouble with breathing normally.” 
Jinks spoke “Fine Bill, just checking. Your throat seems fine from the looks and touch. So excuse me while I go eat breakfast.” 
He released his hold and heard a throat clearing noise and saw Bill give him a narrowed eyed stare in the eyes which he sighed and willed the Master away from him. He walked away and sensed Missy following him as he went to the dining room to find a tray holding nourishment on dishware. He went to sit and ate the food eating it fast and then gulped down the cups of orange juice and strawberry milkshake. Jinks once finished pushed aside the tray and pushed the chair back only to feel pressure on his lap which he looked down to see Missy on it in a crouching position. He heard a chair scrape sound looked up and did a double take look seeing a blond Shadonian male he assumed was called Keo by the High Council referring that sit down in a chair looking at him. 
Jinks frowned as he heard a male voice speaking in his mind “You’re very unusual for a Moorra or should I say species called First One by the High Council. Don’t bother talking just mentally think and I’ll hear you to converse.”
Jinks obeyed to mentally think while feeling the headache of his mind scanned “Was it you and your kind that had something to do with me healing from gonoids called Tee Dees sucking me?”
He heard “Hah figured it out didn’t you hmm? The High Council should really rephrase their question when asking the Meritanians if we had anything to do with that which the plants have appeared to be truthfully said no despite having a lie detector. Oh their telling the truth anyway we as Keo had nothing to do with it but as Banshees we have something to do with it.”
Jinks stiffened as the Keo’s form shifted backwards shredding showing a bony form twin to a Wiser but had a horse like head's form he recognized as a Banshee which he again heard in his mind “We Banshees have invested in interests in you courtesy of orders by Edenia herself to keep an eye on you and make sure your kept alive. Edenia’s interest is from being aware of things going on around here in this planet and has kept tabs on you since you visited her. She sends her greetings Jinks Montreal. Also as for the Meritanians not talking about this is orders from Edenia telling them to keep their mouths shut. She has admitted to the Meritanians an ability to manipulate them into doing things such as having Ramses transporting two of them off planet to another world where she says needed Meritanians to help things around there.” 
Jinks frowned as the Banshee got up and disappearing in a flash of light which he felt Missy off his lap got up from the table and felt a compulsion to hit the library went to there and yanked open the doors to find Meritania sitting inside reading a book he saw was the same as before. 
Jinks quietly shut the doors and then went to sit which he heard Meritania speak “Jinks, before you read something you should know.”
He looked at Meritania who looked at him still holding his book and the Highlander spoke “A certain powerful female with deity like proportions has an interest in you due to having an interest in the one you converse from time to time when asleep or mentally in your mind. I’m not sure what’s with the interests but I suspect it’s related to seeing the person as an equal when it comes to male and female relationships.”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing that as Meritania continued to speak “That interests I suspect must be related to your visit to her home. She from what I could tell found herself very interested in a certain individual enough to want to keep you alive due to making that person happy enough to see her that way she sees this person. I’m not sure why but I think you made a very good impression on her when you visited her home enough for her to have this interest.” 
He sighed as Meritania resumed reading his book which he picked up his book and began reading it finding himself engrossed in the contents. He read an uncounted number of pages till he felt sleepy sighed and placed the book on the table then leaned back shutting his eyes to dream of standing underneath a tree seeing Lance standing on the beach standing sideways from him looking sheepish by the expression on his father’s face. Jinks frowned as a figure appeared standing in front of Lance which he saw was a female Human with long blonde hair dressed in a green dress that hugged her curves placed a hand on his father’s cheek who appeared to like the touch by the look on his face. He continued to watch as the female he assumed was Edenia and Lance leaned towards each other and kissed on the lips with his father putting hands on her hips as she placed her other hand on his father’s chest as they continued to kiss appearing lengthy. Jinks frowned watching the scene felt himself yanked backwards as bushes appeared blocking the scene and his hand on his chin forcing him to look off his left which he saw himself with red Human eyes wearing gonoid skin clothing. 
Jinks frowned as himself spoke in a guttural voice “Ah you seen her the love of your father’s is back into his life again. She would do anything to keep you alive just to have your father back into her life as her mate and her equal. Oh a pity that the Meritanians can’t talk about it at all due to that she’s more powerful than they are and have demonstrated her powers over them enough to keep them from talking what she’s doing to you and her interest in your father.” 
Jinks frowned as himself continued talking “I should admit that I appear as you and yes I am you but your ghost part of you when your out in your specialized sleep I take control causing havoc and doing things to make people miserable.”
He stiffened hearing that as himself kept talking “Ah a pity that you have a job to do and you’ll find yourself doing it anyway.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut came to hearing the alarm clock’s noise jerked up lurching into a sitting position with the alarm clock cutting off its blaring noises. He looked around to discover nothing amiss within the room and heard a meow sound. He felt Missy on his lap rubbing her face on his chin which he shifted to look at her as she walked off going to her bed to tummy sit. 
He sighed and got up hearing Lance speaking in his mind “That son of yours you fathered through Lavinia, chances are you might have a part of his life due to that your descendants took him in and might have you involved with his care.” 
Jinks sighed and mentally spoke “Which descendant took him in anyway?”
He heard “I suspect its Torresin’s family that took him in. He has a twin brother named Owen dubbed Otter who has a daughter named Katrina. Otter’s wife Yekaterina has expressed interests in adopting more children due to suffering badly from missing taking care of their daughter who’s grown and currently in college in the city. Torresin has aggressively kept tabs on you through various sources including the Meritanians and have used the plants to transport your son to his family while using the voice talent to not to say who has the kid to the High Council. The group will find out due to that they have kept very clear detailed records on your descendants the moment you were discovered courtesy of Erra communicating to you. That was back then when you had your own body.” 
Jinks sighed hearing Lance’s words as his father continued “By the way Yekaterina doesn’t have the ability to detect her mind scanned so the High Council’s servants will find out about her having your son from reading her mind and deduct from things going on with the kid that he’s yours. Unfortunately it’ll take awhile before the High Council come to that conclusion due to that your son might be like you who didn’t display the source abilities till you were ten years old to people. I don’t think he’ll be like Robert who displayed them since he was a baby to people from what I’m detecting from the kid.” 
Jinks mentally spoke “Oh interesting anyway.” 
He heard “Don’t stand there go get dressed and do your duty as Emperor.”
He obeyed going into the bathroom to exchange his pajama pants for clothes along with the bullet proof vest and shoes on his feet. 
He brushed his hair and sighed staring at himself in the mirror thinking to himself “When will I have a female manoid to share my life with as my equal and mate acceptable to the public as mine and willing to bore offspring for me?”
He heard from Lance “Busy don’t disturb.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth and placed the brush on the sink counter and left the bathroom to hear a meow sounding loudly which he eyed the bed to see Missy tummy sitting in her bed that curled into a ball and appeared to be snoozing. He sighed and left the bedroom swinging open the doors to find Bill in his familiar spot with a familiar look on the butler’s face. Jinks sighed again and walked away going to the dining room which inside he found Meritania eating food which he sat and ate his food and drink. He finished eyed Meritania who looked at him back seeing the Highlander was done with his nourishment. 
Jinks spoke “I get it what you’re talking about regarding a powerful female with deity like proportions interested in another to have a relationship with hence her interested vested in my well being.” 
He stared at Meritania who spoke “Interesting female isn’t she? She’s in my opinion considered the female version of a certain male elemental with powerful powers and is his equal with those abilities. Oh I do hope she’ll introduce herself to you one of these days like she did with me one time along with the other elementals.” 
Jinks frowned as Meritania continued talking “Oh there is a female version of me who takes care of Meritania like I do from sensing that from Meritania complaining to me of problems and finding them already fixed up hence the assumption from meeting this female who’s interested in you and being made aware of her having similar powers as a certain male elemental. I managed to converse with the other elementals all males that think there are female versions of them from sensing jobs they normally do already finish for them with hints of a female’s touch.”
Jinks nodded his head as Meritania got up and faded from view which he sensed a presence in the room heard a chair scrape sound looked off his right to stiffen seeing a long blonde haired female Human with green eyes wearing a green dress sit down which he figured that it was her he saw Lance kissing as he sensed familiarity from her. Jinks stared at her as she stared at him back sensing she wanted him to speak first. 
He spoke “Miss the name is Jinks Montreal.”
He stared at her as she spoke “I’m given the name of Kimberly but you can call me Kim if you like.” 
He sighed sensing that she was deaf by her voice tone and her eyes appearing to scrutinizing his lips as he spoke making sure she could lip read him clearly “Oh ok. You excuse me for saying this but are you deaf? Are you fluent in hand language like I am?”
He stared at Kim seeing her expression remained pleasant as she spoke “Yes I’m deaf but I have an ability to understand people’s speech when they talk to me that doesn’t require hearing them. Excuse me but old habit of lip reading people is not easily deterred. I do know hand language enough to communicate in it with other people fluent in it including others who share deafness like I am.” 
He raised his hands and signed noticing her eyes shift to them “I’m told that you’re a female version of a certain elemental. Would that elemental be me?”
He lowered his hands to stare at her as she raised her hands and signed “You’re quite correct on your assumption regarding me. I should add that my official title when referred to people is Edenia while yours is Lord of the Underworld ruler of earth and gonoids.” 
He signed “Yes I’m aware of my title. Are you aware that there are two Lords of the Underworld? One would be me in physical form and another in an elemental form communicable by mind?”
He lowered his hands as she signed “Ah Lance Richard the one communicable by mind is your father who I’m aware of that I recently introduced myself to. He’s a very handsome male if you don’t mind me saying that.”
Jinks heard from Lance as she lowered her hands “Tell her I’m flattered by her saying that.” 
He signed “Lance says that he’s flattered by what you said about him. Sorry if I’m blunt but are you interested in having a relationship with him?”
He lowered his hands as she raised them to sign “I do like your father enough to do that relationship thing with him. Oh Jinks don’t worry there’s a female out there who’ll find you interesting enough to have a relationship with. Just be patient for she’ll present herself when the time and situation is right enough for that.” 
He raised his hands and halted them as she abruptly got up and disappeared in a flash of light which he lowered them and sighed loudly. 
Jinks mentally spoke “Father what’s your take on having a relationship with Kim or should I says Edenia?”
He heard “Just flattered that a female expressed interests in me to have a relationship. It hasn’t happened in a long time not since Jacinda displayed that interests to me and that was when I had a body.” 
He sighed and then heard “Busy don’t disturb.” 
He groaned softly and mentally spoke “Jeez Meritanians you really can wreck things up.” 
Jinks got up and took a step forwards only to find himself standing in a jungle with night vision in his eyes sight. He stiffened as he heard familiar growling noises saw the bushes rumbled showing Tee Dees coming forwards and then blinked his eyes to find himself in the gym room facing Bill flaring golden eyes. 
Bill he stared at spoke “Your cat was heard making irritating noises again which I figured that you weren’t in your home ordered the Meritanians to transport you back and told them not to do that period.”
Jinks gave up a growl and spoke “Bill, have the others check the tracker’s location of where I was and let them know that the High Council have ordered me transported to an island they refer as Isle number four which is home to water sucking gonoids called Tee Dees that keep attacking me. The High Council wants to know how I keep getting healed completely from Tee Dees sucking me. The High Council suspect there’s someone doing it that has hidden their identity and healing methods from them and the group is very insistence on finding out this.” 
He heard Bill speak “This will be done and checked out, anything else I can do for you?”
He spoke “No dismissed Bill.” 
He frowned as Bill spoke “I would, except its time for your required meal which you’ll find in the dining room.” 
He nodded his head and left the gym room going to the dining room to find a cup holding pink liquid in it which he assumed held his familiar strawberry milkshake picked it up and sipped it finding nothing wrong with it and gulped it down then placed it down on the table. He left the dining room feeling himself itching to practice karate went to the gym room and swung open the doors and stared with shock seeing Barry inside the room. 
He frowned as Barry spoke “Ah that mess the Builders caused I’m still fixing it but thought I would give you a progress report since you should know of it.” 
He nodded his head and folded his arms to stare at Barry who continued talking “The Builders have accepted me as one of their own and have taken some of my advice regarding handling matters with the public. I managed to keep them clear headed enough to think of peaceful ways of handing the rude attitude of the people thrown at them through various ways including the press. I should tell you that the press is currently appearing to lose interests in broadcasting things about the Builders which I suspect that my species is manipulating them to cease their field day behavior. I must warn you that the press with manipulating by the Builders will focus on you enough to have a field day on anything you do they think is worth saying to the public. Just be warned about that.” 
Jinks nodded his head as Barry spoke in gibberish sounding like foreign language using the voice and disappeared in a flash of light. He went to the middle of the room and sat down doing his stretching exercises finding himself needing to do them and found the tension leaving him. He swung himself up finding no problems with doing the move or landing on his feet. Jinks went into his Kata finding himself doing the movements perfectly to his standards sensing himself watched but ignored the sensation then once done proceeded to do karate drills from memory then ended turning around with a bow towards the doors to find them open and a female Human wearing a peasant dress that seemed familiar standing in the doorway that clapped her hands a bit before lowering them. He noticed her expression that she seemed amused but had a look in her eyes that suggested amusement to him as she looked him up and down by her eyes. 
He sighed and spoke “The name’s Jinks Montreal.”
He saw her nod her head but kept her mouth shut which he heard from Lance sounding in his mind “She’s Victoria your daughter.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Lance’s words to scrutiny the female seeing that his father was correct on his words noticing a resemblance in her that resembled him. 
He mentally spoke “Should I acknowledge her of that?”
He heard from Lance “Actually she remembers doing something bad against you and is nervous that you would be angry at her for doing that stunt.” 
He stiffened as a memory of her darting him with poison in a syringe gun flashed in his mind spoke out loud “Daughter Victoria nice to see you again.” 
He continued to stiffened hearing the harshness in his voice tone as she staring at him nodded her head with a look in her eyes agreeing with what he said to her. Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth and walked up to her to place a hand on her shoulder sensing she was nervous but accepted his touch. He gently rubbed the area sensing her accepting him doing that and brought another hand to her other shoulder doing the same and recalled doing it to her when she was younger age twelve after she was caught doing something against the rules which he punished her by having her do a karate Kata over and over in a row always limiting the number to five. 
He spoke “Have you kept up your karate or Combative Art I heard it’s now called?”
Jinks formed seriousness on his face stared at Victoria as she spoke staring at his shoulder “Robert insisted that I keep up the Combative Art and he continued my training till I was old enough to do it myself. I managed to keep up being limber and taught some self defenses classes to women at a local college I was attending due to people hearing that I was trained in self defense. I kept that till the High Council captured me and knocked me out.”
He continued to rub her shoulders fingers digging in them while sensing her stiffen under his hands which he kept his hands on her shoulders and noticed her still staring at his shoulder.
She, he stared at in the face continued talking “Alright I admit it the High Council woke me up and mind wiped me then had me practice some of my Combative Art training in front of them which I did it fine enough to their standards. They wound up giving me a job of darting some guy with poison from a syringe gun which I did not realize that it was you. I was sent to the Zesky Hospital and got mind restored then knocked out put in some specialized tube asleep then taken out and told to live my life as I wished among the people on the mainland. I recalled you and asked Alexei Zesky about you and what was going on in your life. He had lots to say telling me all sorts of details which I know you’re aware of.” 
Jinks felt tension arrive within him as his fingers dug into Victoria’s shoulders as his hands pressed harder into the area as she paused and spoke sounding firm while meeting his eyes “Daddy.” 
He felt tension released from within as his fingers and hands stopped their digging followed by lightly resting on her shoulders as he stared at her, she still meeting his eyes. 
He spoke recalling Victoria having a male friend named Mavis Petersen spoke “You have anyone special?”
Victoria spoke “Not really. A guy I was having a relationship broke it off due to being interested in some stripper and that was prior to my capture by the High Council. The idiot I heard was later arrested for raping the girl he was interested in due to her rejecting him over and over and him not getting the message. He wound up later executed for killing a fellow prisoner while serving time in prison. Oh that buffoon while in prison tried to rekindle a relationship with me by sending love letters to my campus home in the college I was attending but I was occupied by the High Council at the time.”
He sighed and spoke as she paused “What have you been doing since you woke up?”
He heard her speak “Ah nothing much just reacquainting myself with the world and everything going on with you, Dad, as well. I was asleep for ten years most of it under the High Council in some suspended animation sleep before transferred out to the Zesky hospital and put in some specialized life tube-“
He interrupted “How’s Robert doing?”
He heard her sigh as she spoke “I’m told he was put in some specialized tube like I was and then later taken out. He currently has a wife and twin daughters that are getting reacquainted with each other due to him not being in their life for awhile.” 
Jinks slowly leaned forwards as she paused and kissed her on the forehead before straightening up his form while letting go of her shoulders. He heard Victoria give up another sigh sound followed by being grabbed in a hug by her arms wrapping around him in a tight hold. He kept his arms to his sides feeling himself relieved to have his daughter back in his life. 
He spoke as Victoria continued hugging him “Have the High Council introduced anyone to you?”
He sensed Victoria stiffen from her hug followed by hearing her speak “They introduced some male named Ajax that said that he was your son and he proved it by demonstrating some of the abilities I’m aware you have and I have inherited from you.” 
Jinks felt annoyance taking hold spoke “Oh what’s your take about Ajax?”
He heard her speak “My take is I’m fine with him but I don’t like the attitude he displayed talking about the High Council. I don’t like the High Council due to sensing bad feelings hitting me when I was in their presence. The group bothers me enough to not want to hang around them. I really don’t want to do anything for them either due to hearing all those awful things they did to you.” 
He heard a meow sound sounding of curiosity to him followed by Victoria he saw released her hold to look down which he followed her example to see Missy sniffing her shoed foot followed by sniffing her ankle before sitting in a crouch position head up eyes staring at her in the face. 
Jinks spoke “That’s Missy my cat I adopted. Excuse her behavior but there was a female manoid here just prior to your arrival that acted friendly with me who turned out to be some assassin for darting me with some syringe.”
He eyed Victoria that looked up to stare at him in the eyes before she spoke “Yeah I heard of that. She from what I heard tried to poison you but you were already immune to the poison she used. Also I heard that some elemental lord named King Winter took her as his Queen.”
He gave up a loud growl feeling himself getting angry hearing that as he heard a loud meow sound followed by feeling a cat rubbing her flank on the side of his left leg which he forced himself to be calm sensing Missy didn’t want him angry. 
He focused on Victoria who added “Dad if you don’t mind, I would like to live with Robert in California. I don’t think I can take the attention with you being Emperor.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth to hear Lance speaking in his mind “Jinks let her go. She’ll be safer that way without the public knowing about her.” 
He heard nothing more from Lance spoke out loud “You’re free to go, Victoria but keep in touch. I like to be updated with news on how you and Robert are doing.”
He again felt Victoria hug him tightly followed by her letting go of him to step back and saw her disappear in a flash of light. 
He heard from Lance “Some Builder eavesdropping on the conversation ordered the Meritanians to transport her to Robert in California. Your son Robert was transported to his family after being taken out of the specialized tube by him asking the Meritanians to do it. You’ll meet him one of these days. I recommend that you visit California when the time is right and your minions will arrange a meeting for Robert to meet you in private. Just don’t ask the Meritanians to transport Robert to you. The Meritanians hinted that the High Council has been having angry fits about the plants transporting people by asked requests to them so don’t bother asking period.” 
He sighed and mentally spoke “Fine but what’s with Robert not interested in meeting me instead choosing to meet his own family instead?”
He heard from Lance “Ah that was from someone insisted that Robert meet his family first and meet you later due to informing him of you being Emperor and under close scrutiny along with people aware of things about you that you wanted hidden have been talking to the public about it.” 
He exhaled a breath and mentally spoke “Then why Victoria chose to meet me?”
He heard “Just to get your forgiveness for doing something bad against you and to make sure that you’re not angry at her for doing that stunt.” 
He groaned softly and felt Missy rub her head on his ankle which he looked down to stare at her who cut her rubbing to give off a meow sounding happy which he sighed and bent down picking her up and straightened his form. He cradled Missy close to his chest to sense her purring in his arms and not protesting to being held. He carried her out of the gym room going to the library thinking that he’ll sit and put Missy on his lap only to feel her squirm as he neared the doors and heard her give off a yowl sounding annoyed. He sighed and placed her down on the floor and rubbed her back then straightened up his form to yank open the doors to find Barry inside sitting in a chair looking serious by the expression on the Builder’s face. 
Jinks walked inside and shut the doors then folded his arms to stare at Barry who spoke “It was Alexei who recommended to Robert to seek his family and allow others to arrange a meeting between the two of you. His reason for doing that is that too many people know things about you courtesy of the High Council’s files including information from interrogating you which some of those people haven’t been quiet about it to the public.”
He felt annoyance take hold as Barry continued talking “Most of the information that got out involves your political career including information regarding you being married twice with no mention of offspring created. They also mentioned the High Council’s nasty trick of having your second wife Katherine die of cancer by bribing the doctor to not say anything when her cancer was in the beginning stages till it was too late to save her.”
Jinks stiffened feeling himself getting sad hearing that heard from Lance as Barry paused “Jinks get over it will you?! You’ll have your chance to retaliate for that stunt once the opportunity presents itself. The Meritanians hinted something medically going on with the High Council before they were told to shut up.”
He groaned and willed himself to calm as Barry spoke “Rest assured that any information about you fathering offspring will be kept quiet due to sensing others including the ones who talked all agreeing to keep this information out of the public’s hands. They agree that your offspring should have separate lives without you in them to give influence on certain subjects and to keep bad people from trying to use them against you. I oath you of one thing your offspring will be left alive by the High Council. I have people seeing that the High Council will not use their influence on them to do something serious against you or other people as well.” 
He sighed as Barry paused to clear his throat then continued “The situation regarding the Builders is still ongoing and my work isn’t finished yet. I’m still doing damage control and things are slow to improve.”
He stared at Barry to nod his head as the Builder got up speaking gibberish using the voice and disappeared in a flash of light. He sighed figuring out that the gibberish Barry spoke was foreign language and then went to a chair to sit down and grabbed his book thinking that reading will take his mind off things. He read the book an uncounted number of pages till the lights above blinked and looked at the doorway to see Bill standing there. 
Bill spoke “There’s a Table meeting happening at the moment that has turned rather nasty due to one of the members have become rather very drunk and uncontrollable. Your requested to interfere and put the drunk member out due to that the guards aren’t having an easy time doing the job despite them being Builders using the voice talent on the person. I’m ordered to lead you there.”
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust thumped his book onto the table and got up to hear a yowl sound which he figured that Missy was sitting on his lap hence her noises. 
He wordlessly followed Bill to the elevator and went inside to hear the butler speak “Table meeting room four please.” 
He eyed the Highlander guard who pressed a numbered button and felt the elevator go up with a humming sound followed by stopping to show a familiar hallway. He heard faint banging noises growled forming a glare on his face as Bill led him out of the elevator to the hallway going around a corner where he saw about eight Humans, males and females wearing business suit wear that looked down at the floor when they saw his face glaring at them. He again heard the banging noise become louder and saw two Human guards standing guns in their hands in front of a set of closed doors with a shiny box device on it blinking a red light. 
Jinks heard faint profanities coming from the doors willed the Master through as he stood in front of them growled out “Open the doors now.” 
His order he saw got obeyed as one of the guards removed the box then darted away followed by the doors banging open to show a male wearing a business suit that slurred profanities while walking wobbling stumbling out. Jinks waved a hand and mentally ordered the male to sleep and saw his order obeyed by the man rolling his eyes and hitting the rugged floor face first with form still. 
He growled out loudly turning to face the Table members that abruptly looked down at the floor “Who’s idea was it to have him drink himself drunk?” 
He glared at the Table members who didn’t answer him instead continued to stare at the floor. 
He spoke “I don’t find it amusing having to waste my time attending to one of you for being too drunk to take down or doing the guards’ job so quit the drinking or I won’t bother helping again. Warn you this is the last time I’m doing this helping for I’m fed up with the stunt so stop with the drinking period and I mean it with my words.” 
He stomped away to hear a throat clearing noise loudly halting his walk which he turned around to glare at the Table members to see Bill waving his hand which he glared at the butler who pointed a finger to his eyes and at him. 
Jinks growled loudly mentally willed the Master away and then turned around walking away sensing the butler following him which he went to the elevator and inside spoke “Penthouse.” 
He heard from the guard “Sorry I’m ordered to have you go elsewhere which your butler will lead you to.” 
Jinks gave up a harrumph sound folded his arms as he felt the elevator go up shortly before stopping followed by showing a familiar reception room with a female Human sitting at the desk that looked at him with reverence in her eyes before turning her attention to the lap top she was typing on. He wordlessly unfolded his arms and followed Bill out of the elevator into the room that walked passed the woman’s desk to a hallway which he followed to a set of double doors that knocked on it three times before the butler opened it gesturing for him to go inside. Jinks obeyed hearing the door shut behind him to see he was in a room with various people Human and Highlander at consoles surrounding a table underneath a spotlight showing a hologram scene of Table members standing in the hallway appearing to be arguing by their hand gestures and facial expressions on their faces. He felt annoyance heard a throat clearing noise looked off his left to see with shock Torresin sitting in some kind of wheelchair that wheeled it by remote switch of a hand movement on the armrest. He frowned as Torresin wheeled the wheelchair up to him before stopping and again clearing his throat. 
He continued to stare at Torresin who spoke voice sounding clear and not slurred “That drunken stunt was done on purpose due to that the Table members wanted to see your eyes change along with powers demonstrated in front of them. They want to be assured that you’re the Master and vessel of Lance Richard despite reports of people elsewhere claiming that status attempting to do a Simon Idaho like stunt.”
He felt himself angry growled an angry sound loudly to hear silence in the room as Torresin continued “Ah the drunken stunts as before weren’t done on purpose by the Table members under interrogation of Builder talent orders. This time the stunt appears to be done on purpose. There’s a report of a male said to be originated from Texas going around the city claiming that he’s a vessel of the Master which we know it’s another Simon Idaho like stunt due to him balking on displaying certain things associated with the Master himself. There’s another report by Highlander spies that the male in question is actually going around wearing a facial mask complete with the Master’s black eyes and is pulling this stunt as an attempt to scam people into giving him money to improve his lifestyle status.” 
Jinks gave up another growling sound as Torresin paused from talking to clear his throat then continued speaking “The male in question original name Malloy Georges has used the name of Lance Richard when going around the city claiming to be the Master. He has been demanding money from members of the Master Organization who have repeatedly balked doing his demands by insisting to him to demonstrate some certain abilities which he has refused to do and not get money in response to his balking. This Malloy has been seen attempting to talk to news affiliates with his claims but they have refused to have anything to do with him. Several members of the Knight group has recently managed to with a great deal of effort captured Malloy and have brought him here to the brig which he is currently there at the moment.” 
He felt himself angry only to see Torresin point a finger at the table which he saw the hologram changed to show an overhead view of a male with short black hair wearing an all black outfit sitting in a chair looking dejected by the body motions as the hologram changed to show the male’s face he saw was identical to his with all black eyes. 
Jinks glared at the image as Torresin spoke “Malloy at the moment is awaiting you to interrogate him and personally attend to him. My opinion, Master, is he deserves a good fist bashing.”
He fisted his hands as Torresin became silent which he spoke “Take me to where this fool is kept and I’ll do what you suggested.” 
He heard a door opening sound behind him followed by Bill’s voice speaking “I’ll lead you to where you’re to go, Master.” 
He turned and walked out to hear Bill slam the door behind him followed by the butler again speaking “We have to take the elevator to certain areas leading to the brig.” 
He wordlessly followed Bill to the elevator and heard the butler speak “Brig.” 
He felt the elevator go up which confused him as he spoke “I thought the brig was underground the building?”
He heard Bill speak “Actually there’s underground rooms but their used for safe vaults for keeping items. The Brig is near the top most part of your home building which is made to appear to look underground by the special effects created to fool prisoners attempting to escape will find that out as a result.”
He frowned to nod his head as the elevator stopped showing a hallway that looked round and circular with steam hissing sounds heard along with some heat. He frowned further as he was led out and felt rumbling vibrations that felt like subway trains to him eyed the hallway to see doors in the walls with windows in them along with guards all Highlanders in front of them armed with rifles in their hands. 
He felt himself feeling hot as the butler led him to one of the Highlanders and spoke loudly “The Master is here to see the prisoner. Keep an eye and make sure nothing serious happens during his interrogation the prisoner.” 
He willed the Master through as he saw the Highlander nod his head followed by putting a hand on the wall next to the door and it slid open showing a familiar cell room and sitting in a chair was a familiar man with his face in a sneer and black eyes. He walked into the room to hear the door slid shut behind him and glared at the male who stopped sneering by forming an o gesture with his lips. 
Jinks spoke sensing himself filmed “Spill it who are you?”
He glared at the male who spoke sounding nervous “Nobody.” 
He willed paralysis to hit the male from the neck down with a hand wave and saw the man’s form sag in the chair. Jinks went to the man Malloy he assumed and with a hand felt the back of the male’s neck that gulped and yanked off the mask covering his face showing a short blonde with brown Human eyes that flashed Builder like and dropped the mask down onto the floor. He brought a fist into Malloy’s face who jerked backwards groaning loudly. Jinks glared at Malloy who spoke in foreign language using the voice only to feel nothing happen to him which he grabbed the man’s shirt on the front and lifted him up from his seat dangling his feet above him. He heard Malloy quit his talk with fear on his face. 
Jinks spoke “I don’t find it amusing with the stunt your pulling attempting to overtake my position as the Master. I doubt that I would be merciful to you on this.”
He heard the male speaking in foreign language using the voice followed by hearing a roaring noise of Tee Dees sounding dropped the male to find himself in a jungle with Tee Dees coming out of the bushes heading towards the both of them. Jinks heard Malloy speaking in foreign language using the voice only to find himself back into the steaming hallway facing Bill flaring golden eyes that spoke using the voice while in foreign language sounding lengthy before stopping his talk. 
Jinks glared at Bill who spoke in Summeran “Malloy has been permanently attended to so you don’t have to worry about him going around as you again. He has learned his lesson period.”
Jinks continued to glare at Bill who pointed a finger at his eyes and then jabbed at him while clearing his throat. He saw the butler’s eyes stopped flaring golden willed the Master away from him and waited as Bill gestured for him to follow which he obeyed walking to the elevator to again hear the rumbling vibration as they both entered the elevator. 
He heard Bill speak “Penthouse.”
Jinks felt the elevator go down lengthy before stopping opening doors and he walked out followed by the butler to hear an excited meow sound he recognized as Missy’s and saw her streak towards him from the couch which he looked down to see the cat rubbing her head on his ankle. He sighed feeling himself getting happy from the attention she was giving him which he bent down and rubbed her back feeling it arch underneath his hands’ moments. He sighed and watched as she took off out of underneath his hands and straightened up his form to see Bill standing nearby giving him a familiar what you want look on the butler’s face. 
Jinks spoke “Just get me information on the damage this Malloy Georges caused going around pretending to be me and that’s about it for my order, dismissed Bill.”
He saw Bill nod his head before fading from view which he figured he’ll go to the gym room and practice karate and found himself going to the library as if compelled which annoyed him. He yanked open the doors to find Kim inside sitting in a chair that signed for him to shut the doors. He obeyed and stood staring at her as she got up from the chair and placed a hand on his cheek which he found himself pushing his face into it. He stared at Kim who placed another hand on his other cheek then edged his head forwards down to kiss him on the lips. He felt his hands going to her hips settling there as he kissed her back. He felt something within him brought to life from her kiss that made him feel feelings of pleasure within him to make him deepen the kiss some more. His hands traveled rubbing Kim from her hips to her breasts and began kneading her as he continued to kiss her. Jinks breathe deeply as she broke off the kiss to stare at him with some pleasant look in her eyes and face. 
He didn’t protest as she gently removed his hands off her breasts then signed “Go to your bedroom I’ll meet you there.” 
He nodded his head as she disappeared in a flash of light. Jinks walked out of the library and took his time going to the bedroom figuring it was best to do that. He entered the bedroom shutting the doors and saw her standing in the bathroom doorway gesturing for him to follow her inside. 
He obeyed and she signed “I want to mate with you so strip as I strip.” 
Jinks didn’t protest stripped himself of his clothes and shoes till he was naked to see she had nothing underneath her dress as she stripped herself of it along with her flat shoes. He exhaled a breath to lift her up till she was sitting on the sink counter and willed the Master through as if compelled while staring at her. He felt himself floating above his body to see it change into Lance who took off his crown to his shock then moved to stand between Kim’s legs. He felt himself annoyed as the scene went black followed by finding himself standing on a beach with the Meritanians in manoid forms in the water which he saw Lance standing while wearing the crown having head bowed and arms folded with eyes shut. Jinks frowned as he heard from Ramses ahem sound. He felt a tap on his shoulder turned to face the Meritanians and looked off his right to see Ajax looking annoyed. 
He frowned as Ajax spoke “Father, have you seen Predecessor kissing this First One female with sun colored long hair like I have?” 
Jinks spoke “Yes-“
He was interrupted by a roaring sound followed by having his eyes forced shut as he saw Ajax widen his eyes. Jinks felt himself passing out unconscious till he came to hearing the alarm blaring and felt himself lying on his bed with a towel wrapped around him covering his sensitive part and his seat in the back. Jinks lurched up and sighed feeling himself fine swung his legs off the bed and stood only to fall onto his knees as he felt a terrible weakness feeling hitting him. He felt himself sick in his stomach put arms on his front and bent his form down towards the ground. 
He felt small hands belonging to a child touch his back along with a familiar voice speaking mentally “Stay still and let me help you.” 
Jinks obeyed shutting his eyes grimacing as he felt like shaking hitting him forced himself to remain still as the hands kept their touch on his back. He felt the sickness feeling stop along with the weakness and felt himself better as it turned into happiness. He sighed and felt the hands off of him followed by a clicking sound which he felt the happy feeling leave him and with a frown got up from the floor looking around to discover the child was gone which he figured was the four horsemen’s sister who healed him. Jinks went into the bathroom figuring out that he’ll shower. He dropped the towel and with a frown examined his sensitive part sensing nothing wrong with it and got into the shower. He showered thoroughly and got out to dry himself then went to the sink counter to pick up clothes he saw were the same as before along with a bullet proof vest and shoes that looked dressy. Jinks placed them on his form then brushed his hair followed by walking out of the bathroom to hear a meow sound sounding annoyed coming from his bed which he saw Missy sitting in her cat bed with ears flat on her head. He recalled Kim manipulating him to mate with her when Lance took control and mated with her. He felt himself annoyed went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to see Bill with golden eyes there. 
He spoke “Out with it now, Bill.” 
Bill spoke “An intruder was detected in your library then in your bathroom with you at both locations.  You were found without clothes on your form but appearing to have some sickness from your skin looking pale. Your doctor ordered bed rest which you were out for two days till you woke up appearing to be healed from the sickness.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth hearing Bill’s words as he mentally spoke “Father what Kim or Edenia did to me?”
He heard nothing as his answer yelled the question and then heard “Don’t disturb me with your silly questions! I’m busy at the moment!”
Jinks felt his annoyance took hold which he spoke “Is my food ready for me to eat it?”
He saw Bill nod his head and he left the butler going down the hallway to the dining room which inside his stomach rumbled in hunger from smelling the food. Jinks went to sit down and gobbled up the food finding himself needing to eat it. He ate the food and gulped down the cups’ liquids of orange juice and strawberry milkshake then got up and walked out thinking that he’ll go to the gym room. His feet took him to the library which he opened the doors and saw Meritania sitting in a chair a frown look on the Highlander’s mouth. 
Jinks frowned and shut the doors then folded his arms staring at Meritania as the Highlander spoke “I did a little research involving this Kim or Edenia. She came from world Terrania known as Isis mother of some male named Nikolas.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Meritania’s words as the Highlander continued “Isis was declared dead on Terrania only that she went into can’t be waken sleep and woke up which the Meritanian on that world transported her to a gate and she went through to arrive on Shadan. She went through a body change having her body change from original form to Human form you saw her as. I don’t know how but she figured out everything around here including you and a certain somebody that must have figured her out hence she’s currently having a relationship with.”
Jinks gave up a loud growling sound as Meritania continued ignoring the sound “She was currently living with the Keo and not doing much till she saw you and figured out who you were and told the Meritanians to transport you out. Then she kept an eye on you and had the Keo get interested in you from her figuring out things between you and a certain somebody. She’s responsible for you healing up from those sucker gonoids.”
Jinks fisted his hands forming a glare on his face cutting his growling noise as Meritania paused to clear his throat then continued talking “Also from what I can tell she went through carrying offspring from the mating and had him a male with the help of the people she’s currently living with. It explains why certain somebody seemed distracted when you talked and didn’t want to you mention the relationship to the High Council’s representative that was there hence the rudeness done on you interrupting your talk.”
Jinks felt sleepy exhaled a breath and went to the chair as Meritania cut his talk. He went to sit down and leaned back shutting his eyes to dream of facing Lance who had an all black eyed glare. He felt himself gagged on the throat by Lance’s hand as he saw a furious look on his father’s face. 
Jinks gagged out “I should be furious with you for you and that female manipulated me so you both could mate-“
He was interrupted by Lance speaking “Enough of this useless babble from you now.” 
He felt Lance’s hand become tighter and ironclad as he placed hands on his father’s arm as Lance continued “Thanks to you possessing people blabbing things the High Council know of her and my son she bore. I’m disappointed in you, Jinks. Perhaps I should take control and leave you be.” 
Jinks stiffened as Lance paused to grab his hair and thrust his head up closer to his father’s face followed by adding “Don’t ever pull this stunt again or else.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut and woke up with a jerk finding himself still in the chair feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he looked to see it belonged to Meritania. 
Jinks stared at the Highlander that spoke removing his hand “Ah when one is in love their blind to anything around them including their priorities. Your certain somebody should be caring towards you instead is blind due to a relationship with a female and has forgotten a priority which is you.” 
 He exhaled a breath as he felt himself falling backwards to find himself landing on a rugged ground and with a jerk forced himself to stand up as the Master was willed through him. He felt himself floating above his body to see it change into Lance who removed his crown as he saw the scenery appearing to be a nursery and saw Kim walk into view holding a blanket bundle in her hand. He felt himself getting angry as the scene went black only to dream of facing Lance who gagged him on the throat with a hand while having an all black eyed furious expression on his face. Jinks roared while gagged and used his karate movements to attempt to free himself from Lance’s grip only to feel paralysis making his body limp in his father’s hand. 
He mentally willed the Master through to glare at Lance who spoke sounding serious “I think I should let you be. It’s obvious that you don’t seem to care about what I find is a priority due to jealousy-“
He gagged out “Father, don’t!”
Jinks felt Lance’s hold on his throat become harder cutting him off from saying anything more as his father spoke “You pulled that possessing stunt again and got the High Council alerted of who my beloved is by identifying her including my son. I had to tell off the Meritanians to not to transport my beloved and my son to the High Council due to the group ordering them to do it.” 
He placed hands on Lance’s arm struggling to speak finding his father’s hold was too tight as Lance continued “I’m giving you one last chance to redeem yourself or you’ll find yourself gone. Don’t pull this possessing stunt again or else.” 
He opened his mouth and felt his eyes forced shut to find himself standing underneath a tree watching Lance with anger running through him as he growled angrily. He felt a hand yank him backwards as bushes appeared in view which he looked off his left to see himself wearing gonoid skin clothing and red Human eyes. He angrily yanked him self’s hand off and threw a fist into him self’s face who jerked taking a step backwards before giving off a sinister laughing sound. 
Jinks felt himself angry turned towards himself as himself cut the laughter and spoke sounding serious “Your father has forgotten that you don’t control me and my whims. I do what I want including making trouble for your father who has forgotten that you’re a priority as his son. He’s too blind full of love for that female and her child to bother caring about you and is too angry to see it.”
Jinks gave up a growling sound as himself gave up a chuckle before adding “Oh don’t worry about your father. He’ll pay for his attitude mark my words.”
He threw a fist into him self’s face who easily blocked it and he felt himself thrust forwards sideways and spun around facing to see Lance standing on the beach with Ajax. 
He felt himself angry but willed himself to calm as Lance spoke “Ajax, tell the High Council to find a way of getting Jinks Montreal declared dead. I want my body back and I want a life out of being in here.” 
He stiffened hearing Lance’s words felt himself still calm as Ajax spoke “Predecessor, the High Council want to test you, your beloved and your son she bore just to see if there’s anything they can detect as a price tag to granting your request.” 
He heard Lance speak “I have to convince my beloved of doing that first before I can agree to your terms.” 
He fisted his hands and felt hands holding him back from charging forwards as he felt rage hitting him taking control and heard sinister laughing sounds as he felt his eyes forced shut coming to hearing an alarm sound which he jerked open his eyes finding himself lying on his bed in the penthouse. Jinks sat up and twisted to stare at the clock seeing the time was eight o’clock in the morning. He felt sadness hitting him laid his form down on the bed and curled into a ball putting hands on his face and felt the tears coming down from his eyes spilling hard as he wailed out nonsense sounds. Jinks continued to cry tears till he felt sleepiness shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious only to dream of facing Lance who had an all black eyed glare on his face. 
Once again he felt himself gagged by Lance’s hand on his throat which he felt his talking ability cut off as his father spoke “You blew it Jinks. I gave you one last chance and you didn’t listen to me. The High Council has my beloved and my son thanks to you inhibiting a Builder and ordering the Meritanians to transport the both of them to the group. My beloved is now suffering thanks to you and your jealousy. I think I should end things with you and live with the outside world.” 
Jinks grimaced as he felt paralysis and felt Lance release his hold on his neck followed by himself drop to the ground on the back as his father leaned down grabbing his head and gave it a jerk as blackness arrived within his eyes sight followed by a feeling of nothingness. 

Jinks came to hearing a familiar sound of an alarm clock felt himself back in his body wearing his familiar clothes while lying on a bed he felt familiar. He heard a meow sounding familiar jerked open his eyes lurching up in a sitting position to hear another meow. He looked around discovering he was in his bedroom in the penthouse and felt pressure on his lap of a cat on it followed by a furry head rubbing his chin and heard a meow sounding happy. Jinks reached with a hand and rubbed Missy’s back sensing it arch underneath his hand. 
He exhaled a breath to mentally think “What the depths happened with my father and me?” 
Jinks heard silence as his answer felt his mind scanned from the headache and heard Ramses’ voice mentally speaking “Actually Horus, Lance Richard forgot one thing, is that a Builder ordered us to not to transport you to the High Council. No amount of pleading to a Builder would get them to cancel their order despite him having your form. Instead they ordered you back and here you are.”
He frowned hearing that as Ramses paused followed by saying “I’m just telling Horus what’s going on that’s all. Fine I’ll shut up. Talk to you later, Horus.” 
He felt the headache stop sighed and figured that he’ll get up and shower. He felt Missy off his lap by her walking out of underneath his hand and he got up from the bed going into the bathroom which inside he stared at himself in the mirror with a frown and sighed stripping himself of his clothes and shoes which he entered the shower. Jinks placed hands on the tiled wall leaning forwards allowing the water to wet him from the showerhead as he sighed mentally checking himself for injuries and finding nothing serious. He figured to himself that he’ll eat then go to the gym room to stretch and see about doing karate. Jinks proceeded to wash himself thoroughly with soap and shampoo then got out to dry himself. He put on the clean clothes and familiar bullet proof vest on along with his shoes then brushed his hair followed by putting the brush on the sink’s counter to stare at himself in the mirror. He frowned seeing he looked the same with an oldness look in his blue eyes. He sighed and walked out of the bathroom going to the bedroom doors swinging them open to see Bill looking relieved to see him by the look on the butler’s face. 
Jinks spoke “Spill it what the depths happened since I was out unconscious from having some breakdown?”
He glared at Bill who spoke sounding nervous with the look on the butler’s face “I’m ordered not to say sorry.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust left the butler going to the dining room which he sat down and gobbled up his food finding himself terribly hungry along with gulping down the cups’ drinks. He sighed once finished and went to the gym room unstopped to open the doors and stiffened seeing Barry inside that gave him a scrutiny look by the Builder’s narrowed eyes looking him up and down. 
Jinks spoke “What the depth is with you, Barry?”
He heard from Barry sounding like relief in the voice “Ah just a complication that wasn’t expected which I had to fix.”
He folded his arms and formed a glare on his face as Barry added “Just stretch and do some karate you sound like you’re itching to do it. Just don’t hit the ground in a split.”
He nodded his head as Barry went to a corner of the room and stood watching him as he went to sit down and did his stretching exercises finding no complaints from his body and then swung himself up followed by going into his familiar Kata then proceeded to do drills finding nothing seriously wrong with his movements. He ended with a bow towards the doors finding them in their familiar positions and then turned to look at Barry who cleared his throat. 
Jinks folded his arms staring at Barry who spoke “Alright, Jinks, a complication arose when your butler heard your cat making her familiar irritating noises again found you gone had you tracked which you were in a location in California ordered you transported here. Instead he got someone else who was begging to be transported to the High Council due to saying that the group had a certain female and male offspring and said that the female was suffering.”
Jinks growled an angry sound as Barry kept talking “Your butler balked doing it due to my arrival here and ordering him not to do it via voice talent order instead it left me with a problem I had to fix. It took a great deal of convincing that the female was using this person to get an offspring due to being in love with another who couldn’t father offspring and that this other was in the High Council’s hands.” 
Jinks cut his growling stiffening hearing Barry’s words as the Builder continued talking “I managed to get through this person about the female’s trickery by forcing the Meritanians to talk about the subject which they admitted it and said that you weren’t fooled by the situation tried everything to break off the relationship with this female and this person. I have to say that this person’s feelings weren’t very good hearing that enough to blow a tantrum which I managed to calm the individual down then convince him to return home which he did and got you transported back in place. I warn you that this person is still smarting from the stunt pulled by this female including how you were treated.”
Jinks sighed softly as Barry kept talking “Rest assured that the High Council is aware of this stunt the female pulled courtesy of you telling them about it and their making her pay a harsh price by punishment for it. The High Council has made it clear that no one else but them can manipulate you and your life and they don’t appreciate people doing that manipulating to you that interferes with their plans.” 
He sighed again as Barry stopped talking to give him a narrowed eyed glare which he figured that the Builder wanted him to talk. 
Jinks spoke “Somebody told me some story of her coming from another world declared dead then she woke up and got sent through a gate to here with body form changed to new form. This somebody mentioned that she figured out things around Shadan and doesn’t know how she did it along with her doing some manipulating when she saw me in her home and personally oversaw me healed from some ailments courtesy of some gonoids. What do you know of that?”
He frowned as Barry spoke “I know plenty about her from this individual telling me about her. I had to use this person’s words to get the individual to realize that she was in love with another and only wanted offspring. This person in question wound up throwing a very bad tantrum in front of me which I had to use my voice talent to calm the individual down. I assure you of one thing, the High Council will see that this stunt this female pulled won’t happen again period. They prefer to be the ones who manipulate you and this individual’s life instead of having anyone else doing it.” 
Jinks spoke as Barry stopped talking “Fine I get it your words, Barry. I do hope that the High Council is generous with their manipulating when it involves females I take as my mate. I don’t think I can go through another stunt they pulled with Katherine.”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth as Barry spoke “Just don’t worry about it Jinks.”
He opened his mouth to speak and heard Barry speaking in foreign language sounding like using the voice and closed his mouth as the Builder disappeared in a flash of light. He sighed and left the gym room to meet Missy in the hallway that rubbed her head on his leg which he bent down and lifting her up and felt no resistance from her. He carried her in his arms feeling her purring to the library room and opened one of the doors with a hand finding no one inside which he went to a chair and sat putting Missy on his lap and rubbed her back very gently. He heard Missy give off a familiar meow sighed and removed his hands to place them on the armrests while leaning his head back in the chair. He felt sleepiness shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who didn’t look at him judging by the head bowed and arms folded with eyes open. He peered at Lance to see his father’s eyes were Human blue and there appeared to be tears flowing from them. Jinks wisely kept his mouth shut and looked at the Meritanians who he saw were all appearing to be scrutinizing from their narrowed eyes sensed that they were looking at his father. He heard ahem sounded from the Meritanians twisted his form to face the plants and looked off his right to see Ajax with a frown on his face and arms folded. 
Jinks spoke in a quiet tone “You heard what’s going on with him?”
He gestured his head towards Lance and continued to eye Ajax who spoke in a quiet identical tone “Yes I heard. The High Council is furious with what’s going on. They have some interests invested in you, father that they have refused to say what it is.” 
He frowned to nod his head and saw Ajax look passed him by the head gesture which he turned his head to look at Lance who had raised his head with eyes shut some angry look on his father’s face. Jinks frowned as Lance opened his eyes showing them all black which he stiffened followed by his father twisting to face him then he felt his eyes forced shut. 

Jinks found himself standing underneath a tree facing the beach where Lance was standing with Ajax. 
He heard Lance speak “Tell the High Council that the deal of living my own life is off. I’m not doing it period.” 
He felt himself relieved to hear that as Ajax spoke “The High Council told me to tell you that their not amused with the stunts pulled by you and my father. They don’t appreciate making deals with you and don’t want to make another one period so don’t ask again.” 
He eyed Lance who spoke “Fine I won’t do that again. Just see that this female whatever she calls herself Kim or Edenia suffers pain for the stunt she pulled on me. Bitch was in love with another and led me to believe in having a relationship with her.” 
Jinks frowned as Ajax spoke “Don’t worry about this bitch your angry at. Just worry about yourself and the care of my father period.” 
Jinks felt himself pulled backwards as bushes appeared in his eyes sight blocking his view of Lance and Ajax to feel a hand on his left shoulder which he looked to see belonged to himself who gave up a sinister laugh. 
Jinks felt he wasn’t angry as himself spoke “I see all, I know all. No one can hide anything from me especially that female who took advantage of our dear Daddy. What a shame that Daddy won’t be pleased with what the High Council will do to this bitchy female for the stunt she pulled. Daddy wants her to suffer pain but the High Council won’t do it. They don’t do pain to females besides she can manipulate the Meritanians in getting her out of their hands back to her home.”
Jinks felt annoyance take hold as himself gave up another laugh then continued speaking “Oh this bitchy female forgot that there’s people, the Keo who’ll give pain thanks to the talking I gave them about the stunt she pulled. The Keo will personally handle her punishment so don’t worry about her. You’ll see what they have planned for her once she’s back in their hands. Just wait and see hah.” 
Jinks frowned as himself forced his eyes shut and he came to feeling a hand jerking his left arm in a shaking motion jerked open his eyes with annoyance to see Kim standing over him with panic on her face. 
He formed a glare on his face as she let go of his arm and signed “I need your help with something so please help me.” 
He felt Missy off his lap and underneath his chair from his senses cued to the cat slowly got up from the chair and with a quick move gagged Kim on the throat with a hand and threw his other hand fisted into her face repeatedly over and over allowing rage to take control along with fisting her on the front. He ignored Kim’s struggles to free herself from his grip as he punched her repeatedly till he felt a blindfold cover his eyes and hands peeling his hand from Kim’s throat and his arms restrained behind him in tight grips of multiple hands. He heard nothing but gasping sounds along with groaning of pain followed by the blindfold removed along with the hands off of him and found himself back in the library room to face Bill flaring golden eyes looking angry. 
Jinks spoke “Don’t tell me that Missy yowled for me again.” 
He heard the harshness in his voice tone as Bill nodded his head followed by the butler speaking “It’s time for your required meal and I suggest you go eat it. I suspect that there’s a fight ahead of you that you’ll need the nourishment to use the energy for the battle.”
He nodded his head and walked out of the library going to the hallway which he went to the dining room and found a cup full of strawberry milkshake there which he picked up and gulped down then slammed the cup down on the table. He let go of the cup to find the scene changed to see himself standing in a square room with a round window in one wall high above him that showed light that was eerie green. He looked around to hear a moaning sound and found the source was Kim lying on the stone floor that looked at him with sadness in her eyes as he saw her face was appearing to be bruised despite the green light shining. Jinks felt himself angry growled an angry sound while glaring at Kim who continued to look at him with a pleading sad look in her eyes. He fisted his hands and walked towards Kim grabbing her by the throat and lifted her up to stand grabbed her hair yanking her head up for her to look at him. 
He glared at her and spoke “I don’t find this amusing with what you pulled on me and my father.” 
He paused to adjust his hold on Kim’s neck to allow her to speak and heard “Please for our son’s sake.” 
He spoke as she paused “Your in love with another and didn’t seem to care about me as you led me to believe. You nearly destroyed me and my relationship with my father. Your son will be raised to believe that his mother was nothing but a manipulator who cared about nothing but herself.” 
He paused to glare at Kim who spoke groaning out “Don’t do this for our son’s sake.” 
Jinks felt his anger take hold released his hand on her hair and raised it fisting aiming at her face which he saw her eyes widen and he brought the fist into her face hard punching her repeatedly till he sensed she passed out from fisting by her form becoming limp despite her eyes open. He sensed that Kim had gone into a trance and with a loud sound of disgust threw her body to the wall and saw her back hit it followed by it sliding down to crumple on the floor with eyes still open. Jinks folded his arms and found himself back into the penthouse in his bedroom to find Bill inside the room flaring golden eyes. 

Nikolas telling the story spoke in an angry voice "Yana or Veronica whatever name you're calling yourself-"
"It's Veronica Thomas!" He was interrupted as he added ignoring the typist's outburst "Let the record show Jinks don't hit females and same for me. I have never have hit a female in my life and I never will period. I don't allow females to get hurt via my hands-"
He was interrupted "Daddy, you spanked me remember?" he heard from Yana.
Nikolas gave her a glare and heard snickering like noises sounding in his mind again which he gave up a familiar groan noise and spoke loudly "Meritanians."
Nikolas got from Tank in response "Just tell the story, Daddy!"
He grunted feeling Yana's foot connect with his leg to notice her giving him a glare and clearing her throat loudly as Dalton was heard going into another hissy fit. 
Nikolas shifted to glare at Dalton as Yana kept on kicking him till he spoke loudly "Alright! I'll tell the story!"
He spoke the story finding Yana had quit her kicking onto his leg to his relief. 

Jinks spoke “Let me guess Missy again.” 
He saw Bill nod his head and he walked out of the bedroom passed the butler sensing the Builder following him which he went to the gym room and swung open the doors to find Barry inside flaring golden eyes speaking gibberish using the voice sounding lengthy to him. Jinks went into the room passed a still speaking Barry and attacked the punching bag ramming his form into it ignoring the Builder and his butler he sensed was watching him as he continued his attack. Jinks felt annoyance take hold as the scene changed to find himself back in a familiar room which he saw Kim lying on the floor that blinked her eyes and shifted to look at him with an angry look in them. 
He folded his arms and spoke “You’ve been punished enough so tell the Meritanians to cut transporting me off planet now.” 
He glared at Kim who hissed out a hissing sound followed by her speaking sounding angry “You’ll pay for this treatment you did to me. I’ll see that you’re off Shadan permanently period.” 
He heard from Lance shocking him “Mate with her and do it by force whether she agrees with it or not.” 
He felt himself confused hearing Lance’s words heard Kim continue to rant “I come to you for help and all you do is treated me horribly. I don’t find this amusing period and I’ll see that you’re out of my sight and off Shadan and I’ll do what it takes to do it.” 
Jinks again heard from Lance as Kim paused “Mate with her now! Trust me on this!”
He shrugged and went to Kim kneeling and lifted up the skirt part of her dress to see her eyes widen as he let go and adjusted his clothes freeing his sensitive part from being confined. 
He heard from Kim sounding confused “What the depths are you doing?”
Instead of answering Jinks forced Kim’s legs apart and laid his form down on her and kept his hands on the floor besides her body and entered her sensing her become silent but eyed her in the eyes to see she had confusion in them. Jinks felt charges of pleasure hitting him each time he thrust inside Kim and sensed her not protesting to the mating. He felt an intense charge of pleasure hitting him as he spilled himself inside Kim while fully up to the hilt inside her. He gently lowered himself on top of Kim and brought his hands onto her back gently holding her in a hug and stared at her in the eyes seeing she had range of emotions in them along with it forming on her face. Jinks without a word gently lowered his face and kissed her on the lips feeling her kissing him back as he kissed lengthy then broke it off to put his cheek on her cheek and heard her sigh. 
Jinks felt himself urged to talk spoke “What have you named our son anyway? I didn’t hear you say it to my father who had my form.” 
He heard a sigh from Kim followed by her speaking sounding calm “Oh I called him Nikolas. Your father and I got into an argument on what to name our son which he kept insisting on picking another name while I was stead fast on the name of Nikolas.” 
Jinks spoke as she paused “You get no argument on what to call our son as long as it’s not the name of Jinks. I wouldn’t stand it.”
He heard her sigh followed by her speaking “You mind getting off of me? I’m still in pain from you punching me.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth and lifted his head to stare at her in the face and spoke “I apologize for hurting you horribly, excuse me.” 
He removed himself from Kim and sat next to her while adjusting her skirt then adjusted his clothes to cover himself and kneeled staring at her as she shifted her eyes to stare at the ceiling. 
He frowned as she spoke sounding serious “Alright, I’ll cut off having the Meritanians transporting you off planet. Just treat me right and don’t pull another punching me stunt again or I won’t be merciful.” 
Jinks blinked his eyes to find himself kneeling on the floor of his bathroom with a sick feeling in him. He eyed the toilet and darted towards it just in time as he threw up repeatedly from his mouth. 
Jinks groaned loudly mentally spoke “Somebody, tell Kim that that mating with her makes me sick with something literally.” 
He again threw up in the toilet several times until he felt a break from it to catch his breath and sighed figuring out that he was still sick but having a break from throwing up. Jinks exhaled a breath to feel his shirt and bullet proof vest confining him yanked them off baring his upper body while tossing them aside. He forced himself to do mediation techniques through his nose as he shut his eyes and stiffened feeling small hands touching his bare back which he felt were familiar. 
Jinks heard a kid’s voice mentally speaking in his mind “Stay still and let me do my work.” 
He obeyed willing himself to stay still despite feeling like shaking as he felt the sickness feeling went away and felt himself much better along with a feeling of happiness then felt the hands off of him and again heard the familiar click noise. Jinks sighed and opened his eyes then flushed the toilet’s contents and went to the sink to wash his hands with soap. He once finished dried his hands with a towel on the counter then leaned on it hands on it to stare at himself in the mirror. He eyed his bare upper body to see it looked the same muscular with a healthy pale tan color and no hint of being sick as he sighed and went to his bullet proof vest putting it on him followed by putting on the shirt then left the bathroom going to the bedroom doors to swing them open which he found Bill walking in the hallway towards him with a frown on the butler’s face. 
Jinks sighed and stood as Bill reached him and spoke “Your food requirement is on the dining room table. I suggest you go eat it or I’ll have your physician examine you which I know you hate doctors.” 
He sighed and walked away from Bill going to the dining room to find food in dishware on the table and felt his stomach rumbling in hunger. He went to sit and gobbled up the food leaving nothing left and then grabbed the cup and gulped it down finding it his familiar strawberry milkshake drink. He sighed once done and placed the cup down then got up thinking that he’ll take it easy with the karate and only stretch. 
He went to the gym room to find Barry inside standing in front of the punching bag that spoke “Hit the floor and stretch but don’t fall into that split.” 
He obeyed to sit down on the floor and did his stretching exercises finding no complaints from his body and with a sigh forced himself to get up by another way instead of his swing up move. 
He folded his arms once done to stare at Barry who spoke “I had an interesting conversation with a certain female who seemed to get it with my prodding the reason for your behavior towards her. She wasn’t happy about it till I made her realize why you acted the way you acted. At least be assured she won’t be pulling any more stunts with you after I got her to get it how you were feeling towards her. She gets it your point now and that her shunning has been lifted. She was punished by her people having them shun her as not doing anything to do with her till she acknowledged her actions which she has done.” 
He nodded his head as Barry gave him a familiar look which he figured that the Builder wanted him to talk. 
He spoke “Alright what about the kid of hers she bore including the newest one?”
He frowned as Barry gave up a harrumph sound before the Builder spoke “Oh he’s doing fine at the moment back in her hands. As for her there’s no newest one due to that her people slipped her some drug in her system to prevent another carrying. They prefer she get the message their trying to tell her first before she can carry another one.” 
He spoke as Barry pause “Oh anything special about that kid of hers detected yet?”
He frowned as Barry spoke “Actually kid from testing seems to inherited traits on the father’s side but only inherited a physical resemblance to his mother. I do think he’ll be flaunting those traits inherited from the father once he’s old enough to be quite demanding if you know what I mean.” 
He saw Barry’s eyes narrow in a glare which he nodded his head and then he spoke recalling something “Ah how are the Builders doing at the moment with your help?”
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke “Their doing fine at the moment using legal means with my prodding to combat any jokes or stunts hitting them and their species. A pity that people are slow to get the message that their, they think its funny behavior towards the Builders aren’t acceptable. It might take awhile till they actually start to listen but the legal means is making others in government positions tell the public about what’s tolerated towards treating Builders. I believe it’ll take awhile till the public actually gets the message which I had to assure the Builders including warning them of being patient for that.” 
Jinks nodded his head and heard gibberish spoken from Barry using the voice followed by the Builder disappearing in a flash of light. 
He sighed and heard from Lance “Hit the library, I want to talk to you.” 
Jinks obeyed going into the library to shut the doors then went to sit down leaning back shutting his eyes. He dreamed of facing Lance who looked annoyed by the expression on his father’s face. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Ah I had an interesting communication with one of Kim’s people who tells me that they have someone tuned to everything the Meritanians say on a permanent basis. This someone told them about overhearing the Meritanians talking about Kim and her latest stunt she pulled to the High Council.” 
He spoke as Lance paused “Wouldn’t this someone be Meritania himself?”
He frowned as Lance spoke “They didn’t say who it was but I doubt that it’s Meritania himself. He never stays in one place too long while doing things around Shadan. He likes to wander around doing things to keep himself busy and amusing himself while he’s at it.”
He smiled a bit as Lance gave up a chuckle sound before adding sounding serious “As for Kim the High Council figured out who she’s interested in and informed me. Turns out to be some male named Trian which the Wisers told her to stay away from and not have contact with him or mate with him. She still likes that guy Trian whoever he is but the High Council have managed to get the Meritanians to blab about her liking him to her people the Keo including what the Wisers said to her.”
Jinks frowned abruptly then spoke “What’s with her interest in either one of us anyway?”
He saw Lance form a glare on his face as his father spoke “That was just a stunt according to the High Council to get a child due to some internal feeling of wanting to have offspring hitting her. She couldn’t get the offspring from the Keo who balked on mating with her and kept her off their Human slaves so she got desperate and pulled this stunt on the both of us.”
Jinks spoke “Interesting but she admitted to having an argument with you about naming our son Nikolas. What’s up with that?”
He narrowed his eyes as Lance gave up a harrumph and spoke “You’re not the only child fathered by me. I had a son named Nikolas with another female. The son in question grew up on another world and still lives on it and I haven’t been able to contact him since he contacted me before traveling back to his home world.” 
Jinks spoke recalling something in his mind about a book he read “Would this Nikolas be Horus, son of Osiris born of Humania?”
He saw Lance’s eyes widen making his assumption correct followed by hearing a growling noise coming from his father with his eyes turning all black. 
He spoke “Alright I admit it while I was on some foreign world I met some people who gave me a book about your son which I read talking about his life on the world he lived in. You want a summary of what I read?”
Jinks groaned as he felt himself gagged on the throat by Lance’s hand followed by his father putting a hand on his forehead which he stiffened feeling a headache hitting him frowned as memories of his life he recognized involving the book flashed in his mind along with recalling the book’s contents including his life with Nikolas came to him. He continued opened his mouth to talk and felt Lance’s hand become tighter and ironclad cutting off his talking ability but still felt the headache along with seeing memories in his mind flash by which he sensed that his father was scanning his mind by the headache felt. 
He mentally thought “Must you do that father?”
He got nothing in response as his mind continued to process memories flashing through them that he felt had nothing to do with Nikolas from seeing the contents which he brought his karate against his father’s arm and felt himself freed from the choke hold along with Lance’s hand off his forehead. Jinks rubbed his throat feeling himself relieved to not be gagged as he felt the headache stop and he stared at Lance who shifted to glare at the Meritanians while giving off a growling noise. 
Jinks turned his head to stare at the Meritanians who he saw had sheepish looks on their faces as he heard Lance speak sounding angry “I didn’t ask you to scan my son’s mind while I was doing it.”
Jinks heard ahem sound from the Meritanians followed by Lance thrusting his form to face the plants which he looked off his right to see Ajax with arms folded looking annoyed by the expression on his son’s face. 
Jinks spoke while hearing Lance giving off soft growling noises “Something I or my father can do for you, Ajax before I wake you up? You interrupted something here.” 
He stared at Ajax who spoke “No didn’t interrupt something just arrived to prevent something from happening.” 
Jinks heard Lance give off a roaring noise shift to stare at his father and saw Ajax appear besides him grabbing his hands and speaking loudly “Don’t you dare torture the plants, Predecessor.” 
He heard Lance yell “Get your hands off of me now! I’ll do what I please around here and don’t you forget it!”
He frowned as he heard Ajax speak sounding serious “No uh, not when it comes to torturing the plants with your earthquake power so quit trying to do it and I’ll let go.” 
He watched as Lance struggled against Ajax’s seemingly ironclad hold to free himself.
Jinks felt himself annoyed roared an angry sound halting the struggle getting them both looking at him. 
He spoke “Spill it Ajax, what other damage can my father do with his earthquake power besides hurting the Meritanians? It’s obvious since you’re desperate to keep my father from unleashing his power.” 
He formed a glare on his face and heard Lance speak “Admit it Ajax, your very desperate to keep me from doing that by the way your holding me so spill it now.”
He glared at Ajax who formed a frown on his face before his son spoke “Alright one of the islands has lava traveling through it underground and all it needs is some silly earthquake to burst through and cause a volcano. That island in question is where our largest food source is and don’t need anything to wreck it up.” 
Jinks spoke sounding sarcastic “I can’t believe you High Council members aren’t smart enough when the other islands and the ocean can provide food with their contents and gonoids for eating. What’s up with that?”
He glared at Ajax who looked sheepish before his son spoke “Actually Highlanders don’t eat gonoids and absolutely hate that and prefer some other source of nourishment such as plants which is our main source of food.” 
He heard Lance speak “What’s wrong with using the other islands’ plants anyway? You sound like that island is the only source of food for you High Council people.” 
He spoke before Ajax “Don’t tell me that there was another islands having food on it for you was wrecked up by some volcano eruptions and now your dependant on this island for food.” 
He saw Ajax’s face form a big frown which he heard Lance speak “I fail to see how you can eat the food on that island with some volcano’s contents traveling underground it. That’s bound to wreck things up anyway.” 
Jinks heard from the Meritanians “Argh!”
He saw Ajax shift to look at the plants as he turned to stare at them seeing them appearing to be eavesdropping on the conversation from the looks of sheepish on their faces. 
Jinks spoke “Aren’t there plants underwater that the High Council and servants can eat besides leaving you three alone?”
He glared at the Meritanians to hear Lance giving off a growling noise as Ramses spoke “Well underwater farming is already been in use at the moment but there’s competition from gonoids trying to eat the plants and the High Council trying to shoo them away.”
He saw the Meritanians bow their heads followed by Ramses continued talking “Oh just Ajax trying to convince Lance Richard not to unleash his power on you and I. Also somebody figured out that your food source is nearly wrecked up and don’t need a silly earthquake to cause more damage. Unfortunately this somebody thinks your food will be wrecked up with the contents of a volcano traveling underground anyway.”
He glared at Ramses who added “Don’t ask me about that! “I don’t know anything about plant life despite being one! All I know is life in the ocean and nothing about living on some island!” 
He heard Lance speak “Oh why don’t you High Council members set up a trade with the First Ones such as stuff for food? Try that.” 
He heard Ramses repeat Lance’s question sounding serious followed by the Meritanian speaking “Don’t yell at me for suggesting that idea! At least try something will you?”
He glared at Ramses to see the Meritanian raise his head while speaking “Ugh the High Council would rather starve than ask the First Ones for help with their food situation.” 
He turned his attention back to Lance to see his father had his hands freed and had arms folded while Ajax stood next to him with arms in similar positions both had glares on their faces with eyes black. 
He heard Lance speak “The High Council is too prideful to admit that they need help around here. What a shame they shouldn’t be embarrassed about that because the First Ones had help from the Shadonia after they arrived to Shadan and they recovered fine enough to live self sufficient by themselves.” 
He heard Ramses speak his familiar question saw Ajax put a hand on his forehead followed by forcing them shut. 

He came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder jerked open his eyes to stare at Meritania leaning over him that straightened up his form. 
Jinks frowned as Meritania went to sit down before speaking “That blackmailing that the High Council are doing to Humans, I’m surprised that their not using it to their advantage to get what they want which is what I heard related to food.” 
He sighed and felt claws digging into his thighs sensed it was Missy sitting on his lap in a tummy sit position as Meritania continued “The High Council are afraid that the Humans will use this food issue as a way of getting control over the group into behaving differently than they normally behaved. It’s a pity that the Humans have an oversupply of plant food and are willing to share it with anyone including the High Council just to make room for new crops. All the High Council had to do is ask and the Humans will give it to them no questions asked. That’s from their scientists detecting that the High Council are using some of the islands for food and finding them destroyed by volcanoes and figuring out the group’s situation. The High Council should simply use their power to demand for food and the Humans will give it period.”
He spoke as Meritania paused “What’s going to get the High Council to figure out what you said?”
He stared at the Highlander who spoke “I told the Meritanians this who’ll relay it to the High Council and use whatever means to get the group to get servants to do what I suggested. Believe me if the High Council don’t do any of my suggestions then they’ll have a civil war on their hands and that’s from observing things around their home base unnoticed. Those servants of theirs are lax with their security which is how I managed to get in and do some observing along with listening. The food issue is beginning to become a problem from what I heard around the base from Highlanders talking about it. Also I noticed that the Highlanders are getting a little fed up with the High Council’s attitude towards the Human race and are quite angry enough to want to cause a rebellion from them overhearing the Meritanians talking about the food situation. Their hungry and they want food and they’ll do what it takes to get it including getting it from the Humans as well. ” 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Meritania got up and faded from view which he sighed and looked down to stare at Missy who was curled up in a ball snoozing on his lap with breathing vibrations felt. He sighed and looked at the table to grab his book and brought it up figuring that he’ll read which he read an uncounted number of pages till he heard Missy give off a loud yowl followed by feeling her off his lap and underneath his chair. Jinks frowned to lower the book to see Barry enter the room and watched the Builder go to sit down in the chair opposite from him. He glared at Barry as he thumped his book down on the table marking his spot in it and folded his arms. 
Barry he glared at spoke “Alright communications from the Humans have been sent to the High Council asking for drop off locations for dropping off plant food that the group and Highlanders on the base eat. The Humans have an oversupply of it due to that their crop was plentiful. The High Council hasn’t responded to communications but the Meritanians haven’t kept their mouths shut about the situation despite being ordered to shut up by the group. The Builders have figured out that the High Council have some pride problem when it comes to asking people for help and have been manipulating the plants to talk about everything going on which isn’t helping things on the base due to that every Highlander can hear the plants talking. Those servants of the High Council are getting antsy for food and are willing to do anything including fight a civil war just to get the food delivered to them which they have used the Meritanians to respond to the Humans communicating. Unfortunately the High Council has broadcasted messages on the base saying that their fine and don’t need food which I doubt that those communications are getting to the Humans due to how hungry their servants are.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust as Barry looked at him with a narrowed eyed glare which he figured that the Builder wanted him to say something. 
He spoke “Alright what’s up with the High Council’s attitude and who do you think is winning that war anyway?”
He stared at Barry who’s look became more glaring which he added “Ugh Barry spill it. I’m not a mind reader.” 
He glared at Barry who spoke “That food supply comes from some island that is entirely owned by you which is public knowledge among the people on the mainland and the High Council are aware of and are balking on accepting due to their feelings towards you.” 
He stiffened hearing Barry’s words as the Builder continued talking “The Meritanians managed to blab that to the High Council and reaction among the servants is that they don’t care as long as they get their food. Unfortunately this puts the High Council in a bad spot towards you if they accept the food when it’s obvious that they have been known to trash you and your reputation by repeated broadcasted messages of saying nasty things about you. They would have to quit doing that as to show some mercy towards you if they accept the food for keeping their servants living on the mainland under their power including people who they are currently blackmailing. If they accept the food and then later trash you then their power over people end period hence their dilemma.” 
Jinks frowned hearing as Barry paused to give him a familiar look which he spoke “Oh what else can the High Council do about their situation?”
He saw Barry shook his head in a no gesture which he frowned and spoke “I have no idea what to say to this to help matters with the High Council or me as well.”
He shrugged and heard Barry speak “Actually Jinks, knowledge of that island owned by you was from you becoming Emperor which news broadcasts have been for awhile talking about your wealth and mentioning places that you own scattered around Shadan. You’re very wealthy in riches from people willed leaving things to you along with your marriage to Katherine who’s family is richly well off themselves too.” 
He felt himself getting annoyed as Barry stopped talking which he spoke “Aw tell the High Council to accept the food anyway. That’s my payment for causing two of their island volcanoes to erupt and doing some damage there. At least the High Council should just admit that I caused the island damage and that I’m paying it with food.” 
He saw Barry shake his head in a no gesture which he frowned and stared at the Builder who spoke “Unfortunately you having the ability to cause volcanoes erupt and whatever powers hasn’t been accepted by the public seriously. I asked around and they think it’s impossible for a Human to have such powers and don’t think your capable at all. They think you’re just a Human gifted with some deathless state making you the way you are.” 
He inhaled a breath through his mouth and spoke “What about what happened years ago when I demonstrated those earthquake powers which I heard people are aware that I caused that?”
He stared at Barry who spoke “Problem is that knowledge wasn’t kept for records and forgotten which I suspect it was manipulating by certain people to keep quiet about that who kept the silence for their purposes whatever that is.” 
Jinks sighed and spoke “Perhaps I should set off an earthquake-“
He was interrupted by Barry speaking “No don’t you dare!”
Jinks twisted his form to face Barry who added “I wouldn’t recommend you to do that. Last time it happened the Humans had to deal with quite a lot of damage to the city something they weren’t happy about from what I could tell traveling among them. I don’t think they’ll be listening this time if such as situation were to happen again. Sorry Jinks but think of something else.” 
Jinks groaned and spoke “Alright what do I have to do to get the High Council to accept the food anyway?”
He heard from Barry “Try thinking it’ll come to you when you need it.” 
He groaned and spoke “Don’t tell me that the High Council still want me to visit them without any interference and pull their stinking painful tests on me again. What’s up with them repeatedly testing me anyway? They should be fine with their results Hmph.” 
He saw Barry’s expression become glaring which he spoke “Oh crap they want me to visit them without people interfering with that along with doing their tests. Ugh.” 
He saw Barry nod his head as he became silent which he added speaking “Ugh fine tell me how can the High Council convince my minions to agree to this when it’s obvious they don’t listen to me?”
He glared at Barry who spoke “You don’t need to worry about this, Jinks. Your minions will agree with a price tag attached is you being unharmed without any incidents of setting off Tee Dees onto you. I believe the High Council will uphold that price tag whether they like it or not. Also they had their question of how you healed from Tee Dees’ sucking so fast answered from the Meritanians transporting certain someone onto their laps who was responsible for that so you don’t need to worry about being sucked by those gonoids again. I doubt that the High Council can pull that stunt due to how closely monitored you’ll be in their hands.”
He groaned softly as Barry paused to give him a familiar look which he spoke “Oh fine I agree to visit the High Council but they better spare trying to torture me with whatever stunt they can think of just to kill me off.” 
He glared at Barry who spoke in gibberish sounding like using the voice and found himself falling backwards only to feel his arms grabbed by familiar hands and hauled into a sitting position facing the High Council and their speakers. 
Jinks spoke “Spill it High Council you balking the First Ones’ gesture of food is because it comes from one of the islands I own isn’t it?”
He felt a stick whack him on the head glared at Anubis who whispered “Rule here is the High Council, speak first then you can speak whatever is on your mind so don’t forget it.”
He formed a thin line with his mouth to felt his mind scanned and heard Ramses speaking “Sorry High Council but he’s aware of everything going on around here including certain situation regarding food and where it’s from. Several people have been blabby lately.” 
He felt the headache stop followed by Shad speaking with sarcasm “Well it was rude of you to speak before we spoke so don’t forget that again and next time we won’t be merciful. We treat anyone who does that stunt, the same and it doesn’t matter if it’s you, Ajax or Anybus as long as we get that rule obeyed.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut figuring it was best not to talk as Onya spoke “Ramses transport Horus to Isle number four will you?”
He felt the headache again and heard Ramses’ voice “Sorry High Council detected a Builder voice ordering us to not to do that. Oh can’t transport the Builder to you either due to the person voice ordering us to not to do it.” 
He heard both speakers give off “Harrumph.”
Shad spoke “How you expect us to teach Horus a lesson for his rudeness? He spoke before we spoke and we’re expected to punish him for that.”
Jinks kept his mouth clamped shut as Onya spoke “Oh interesting idea Ramses just put it in practice by doing it now.” 
He felt sleepiness groaned softly and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a familiar alarm blaring in his ear lurched up in a sitting position and groaned loudly feeling his body give off pain. He looked around discovering that he was in his bedroom in the penthouse and rubbed his back to sense an object between his bullet proof vest and his back which he yanked off his shirt then with a hand grabbed for the object along with yanking off the vest. Jinks held it up in his eyes sight to see it appeared to be a bullet from the looks of it and grabbed his bullet proof vest to examine it to find a hole in it right where the bullet was. He exhaled a breath and got up from the bed carrying the vest slung over his arm along with the bullet in his hand and went to the bedroom doors opening one to see Bill that formed disproval on his face seeing him.
Jinks spoke holding up the bullet and the vest “This vest is useless against this thing. There’s a hole in it from the looks of it so do something about it.”
He heard from Bill “That matter has already been attended to so check your bathroom. You’ll find something better there and please do something about your appearance. It’s not appropriate to parade around here like that.” 
Jinks groaned and shut the door then went into the bathroom dropping the vest onto the floor. He dumped the bullet into the sink then stood facing the mirror putting hands on his back feeling the area where he was shot to feel scar lines indicating of a bullet entry. 
He snarled out mentally “Don’t tell me that the High Council figured out how to make the bullet proof vest useless.” 
He heard from Lance “They were testing something they got from the Humans criminals of the law who hate the police and law keepers. Just don’t worry about it, it’ll be handled.” 
He frowned and stripped himself of the remainder of his clothes and shoes dumping them onto the floor then got into the shower only to feel confused when the water came out freezing cold instead of his normal hot temperature. Jinks voice ordered the computer to raise the temperature which he felt his orders obeyed till he felt itchiness looked down at himself to see his body was red which he ordered the computer to lower the temperature and felt it obeyed till the itchiness stopped. He sighed and showered making sure to clean himself thoroughly then once done walked out of the shower to dry himself and stiffened as his skin complained in pain from the towel’s roughness. He sighed and looked at his arms to see the skin was looking pink from the looks of it and went to the mirror to stare at himself in the face. 
He saw his skin looked pink all over from the mirror’s view growled an annoyed sound and mentally thought “Who the depths rigged my shower to come out freezing cold so I’ll burn myself trying to get warm?”
He heard nothing from Lance in response but heard Ramses’ voice speaking along with the familiar headache “High Council, Horus fell for your stunt from the looks of things sensed in Lance Richard’s mind. Don’t worry he won’t be showing himself in public for awhile. I assure you of one thing he hates physicians.” 
He felt the headache stop growled out “I’ll foot your seat High Council for that shower stunt.” 
He grabbed his clothes and found his underwear putting it on feeling his skin complained in pain from it then stomped out of the bathroom going to his bedroom doors yanking one open to see Bill there that widen his eyes seeing him. 
Jinks snarled out loudly in an angry tone “Send for the doctor and do something about my shower. Someone rigged that thing to come out freezing cold which I had to raise the temperature and burned myself. Attend to the ones who pulled this stunt harshly as you can and make sure that they pay for it even if I have to use my fists on them.” 
He saw Bill nod his head as he slammed the door and paced in his room unfolding and folding his arms repeatedly over and over. He heard a meow sounding annoyed looked at the bed to see Missy sitting in her cat bed with ears flat on top of her head some angry look on her face. 
He spoke out loud “Yeah I know I’m furious myself. I don’t appreciate this stunt pulled either.” 
He heard a door knocking sound spoke “Enter.” 
He glared at the doors to see them open followed by a male Human that flashed eyes of a Builder while dressed in scrubs enter the room that pause to widen his eyes seeing him. 
Jinks spoke “Don’t stand there do something about this.” 
He glared at the doctor he assumed who shut the door behind him then went to him while carrying a duffle bag setting it in front of him on the floor which he watched rooted through and came out with a device. He kept his arms folded as the doctor held up the palm sized device that reminded him of an unfolded cell phone and pulled out an antenna from the thing. 
He continue to glare as the doctor spoke “I have to touch your skin with this so cooperate you’ll feel some stinging.” 
He wordlessly held up his right arm and thrust it towards the doctor who put the antenna on his skin and felt a stinging pain but didn’t protest from its touch. 
He watched as the doctor pressed buttons on the device and gave up an hmm sound before speaking “Ah from the looks of your skin, you look like you have a bad sunburn and that’s about it. Some skin cream with help with the skin condition along with some tanner put on and the appropriate clothes will hide it from the public should you go out and present yourself ” 
He exhaled a breath as the doctor placed the device in his duffle bag then rooted through it before tossing to him something that reminded him of his mother’s facial make up lotion holder from the looks of it. 
He heard “Just put that on and it’ll stop the skin condition from bothering you. Also don’t worries about your shower the problem will be fixed and it won’t happen again. The problem was detected the moment you entered your shower due to some hacker detected hacking into it and footed out. The techs didn’t realize that it would affect you enough to cause your problem.” 
He gave up a growling sound as the doctor picked up his bag and left the room. Jinks stomped into his bathroom and stripped himself of his underwear shorts feeling his skin complain in pain. He examined the lotion holder and put a small amount on his arm feeling for anything suspicious and felt the area feel relief from lotion touching it. He sighed and slathered lotion all over himself not sparing his sensitive part then again sighed staring at the mirror feeling himself better and noticed that he was no longer pink. Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth and feeling for dryness and felt the lotion was doing its job which he put on his clothes sensing stickiness to them which he figured it was from the lotion not completely dried on him. He sighed and put on the bullet proof vest then the top and again felt stickiness which he eyed his arms to see that the cloth was plastered to it. He growled an annoyed sound place on his shoes then brushed his hair feeling pain from his head and then dumped the brush onto the sink counter. He walked out and felt the stickiness continue and with a growl stomped to the bedroom doors swinging them open to see Bill that widen his eyes staring at him. 
Jinks spoke “I’m definitely not going out in public looking like this.” 
He saw Bill nod his head then he walked pass the butler going to the dining room still feeling the stickiness continue which he went to sit down and felt his clothes become more plastered to him. Jinks ate his food and drank his drink then got up walking out of the dining room to meet Bill who blocked his way. 
He stared at the butler who spoke “Oh new orders from your doctor is refrain from doing physical activities. He also suggests that you repeatedly put lotion on whenever you feel the need to it due to that he’s not sure how long it’ll take for your skin to heal up from this medical condition.”
Jinks gave up a growl as Bill gave him a what do you want look on his face which he spoke “Dismissed Bill.” 
He saw Bill fade from view and with a harrumph stomped to the library to yank open the doors finding Meritania inside sitting in a chair with arms folded. 
Jinks shut the doors with a slam and stared at Meritania who spoke “That shower stunt was punishment from the High Council due to you disobeying a rule about who speaks first.”
Jinks gave up a loud growling sound as Meritania continued ignoring his noises “Their usual stunt of punishing people who break their rule is having them dumped into King Winter’s Kingdom right in the water and then returned to the throne room where the victim would apologize for breaking the rule then allowed to leave to get warmth.” 
Jinks cut off his growling figuring that Meritania wasn’t going to acknowledge it as the Highlander kept talking “Oh High Council servants spying on the mainland reported that the public is getting a little antsy about wanting to see you hence the High Council pulling that shower stunt just to keep you out of sight. Not sure how long the public can be held back from wanting to see you till you’re healed up completely. I’m not even sure how long this skin condition of yours will last or if the High Council will refrain from pulling more shower jokes sorry.” 
Jinks groaned loudly only to blink his eyes finding himself floating in the air which he looked around discovering he was over the vast ocean and falling towards it fast. Jinks groaned as he saw ice floats in the water and felt coldness hitting him only to feel himself landing on his feet onto something hard which he looked around discover himself in a Table room with people at consoles. 
He growled an annoyed sound to hear a familiar voice speak “Oh they weren’t kidding about what they said regarding you.” 
Jinks looked off his left to see Torresin sitting in a chair and not his familiar wheelchair recognizing him as the speaker. 
He stared at Torresin who spoke “Don’t worry about the shower stunt. It won’t happen again along with the Meritanians dumping you in King Winter’s Kingdom. Lucky we managed to keep a hacker from interrupting your tracker signal to track its location and transported you here.” 
Jinks spoke hearing the harshness in his voice “What’s the situation regarding the food issue hitting the High Council?”
He glared at Torresin that spoke “They accepted the food and are still receiving it at the moment with oaths to not to cut them off said in their presence. Sorry can’t go back on the oaths, Builder honor and that includes the amount of food we give them.” 
He snarled out “Drat their taking the food without paying for it.” 
He continued to glare at Torresin who didn’t seem to flinch from the look as the Builder spoke “Yes I thought the same thing as you but the High Council got us Builders to oath that we would give them food if they asked. They asked we can’t go back on our oaths.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust as Torresin added “One other issue is that the High Council got this humanoid species called Amula working for them on the mainland doing their dirty work along with Highlander servants enforcing their orders.” 
Jinks spoke “What’s the Amula got against me?”
He heard Torresin speak “The Amula serving the High Council is being blackmailed into doing the job due to threats of their species being ousted. The Amula when asked are still afraid of doing the ouster due to how we Builders were treated after certain scandal incident came out involving the current King.” 
Jinks spoke “Drat I was hoping that the Amula would have a chance to oust their species on their own terms. This would stop the blackmail done by the High Council and cut the stunts done on me.” 
He heard Torresin clear his throat eyed the Builder who spoke “I don’t see how the Amula would be willing to oust themselves without certain influence to get them over being afraid.” 
Jinks growled out “Torresin, just figure out a way of getting the Amula to do the ouster get it? Anything else I should know of before I go to my home and handle this medical issue?”
He again glared at Torresin who spoke using the voice in foreign language and found himself standing in his bedroom which he sighed and felt himself terribly itchy all over and his clothes stopped feeling plastering onto him. He went into the bathroom and stripped himself of his clothes and shoes then picked up the lotion holder and began slathering it on only to feel himself itchier. He went into the shower to feel the water came on feeling it at his heat toleration levels then sighed feeling the itchiness stop as the water washed him. He figured to himself that he’ll shampoo and soap himself from feeling like needing to do it. Jinks did what he thought then walked out to dry himself thoroughly. He once finished picked up his clothes and felt the material feeling it fine enough and put it on. 
He brushed his hair and walked out of the bathroom to hit the bedroom doors yanking them open to find Bill there that spoke “Your required meal is on the dining room table.” 
Jinks nodded his head then walked passed the butler going to the dining room to find a cup full of strawberry milkshake sitting on it. He brought it to his lips and took a sip only to feel something wrong with it which he spat out and then went to the kitchen doors to raise a fist only to feel a hand catch it. 
He looked to see the hand’s owner was Bill who spoke “I insist you drink your drink period.”
Jinks spoke as Bill released his hand “Why? It tastes funny.” 
Bill spoke “Doctor’s orders on having medicine in your drink so drink it all up.” 
Jinks obeyed only to feel sleepiness and dropped the cup hearing it clatter on the floor and then felt himself falling towards it to feel hands grabbing him along with a voice speaking foreign language using Builder voice tones followed by blackness. 

He dreamed of facing Lance that gave him an all black eyed glare followed by being gagged on the throat. 
He gagged out “Father, I can’t do a thing about this ghost form I go around as.”
He felt his talking cut off from Lance’s hold becoming ironclad and tight as his father spoke “Oh really then explain why you got the Amula to oust themselves to the public?”
He stiffened hearing Lance’s words as his father continued “You possessive a Builder who used the voice on an Amula during a press conference to reveal their species ousting them and that the press is currently having a field day with the ouster.” 
Jinks felt Lance loosen part of his choke hold gagged out “How long was I out doing that?”
He heard from Lance “About three days doing that Amula ouster to the press all over the place at whatever press conference happened you had an Amula reveal themselves to the public. A pity that the High Council finds the Amula serving them ends thanks to that ouster.”
Jinks groaned while gagged as Lance continued talking “Also I had to warn Kim about your ghost form due to thinking that that you would play a joke on her which she heeded my warnings and discovered a joke played Hmph. Ooh she wasn’t happy about that threatened to have you transported off Shadan which I had to talk her out of doing that.” 
Jinks gagged out hearing Lance paused “How come she can control the Meritanians when they control me even if she’s my equal with power abilities?”
He felt himself freed from Lance’s choke hold to see his father glaring at the Meritanians to hear ahem sound from one of them and felt himself thrust to face the plants. 
He rubbed his throat and looked off his right to see Ajax with a glare on his face that spoke “Predecessor what are you up to?” 
Jinks spoke loudly “Harrumph just discovered something interesting that have my father furious with.” 
He heard a roaring noise and saw Ajax disappear from view which he turned to see his son holding Lance’s hands that struggled in the grips appearing to be ironclad. 
He heard Ajax speak “Oh no you don’t. You’re not torturing the plants period.” 
He heard Lance snarl out “The plants in question omitted several things they didn’t mention when I was questioning them about my power abilities.” 
Jinks stared at Ajax who spoke “Interesting such as?”
He shifted to stare at Lance who spoke “Such as an ability to control the Meritanians to make them do things such as transporting people by command which I know that there’s an ability to do it.” 
Jinks groaned softly as Ajax spoke “That’s interesting Predecessor but useless against the Meritanians who’ll make you regret controlling them. Believe me the High Council have faced jokes done by the Meritanians numerous times in an attempt to control the plants.”
He heard Ramses’ familiar question saw Lance shake off Ajax’s hands and watched as his son forced his eyes shut which he felt himself passing out unconscious till he came to hearing the alarm blaring in his ear. Jinks woke up with a lurch sitting up to hear the alarm cut its noises which he discovered he was back in his bedroom on his bed and looked around finding nothing amiss but Missy sitting in her cat bed with ears flat on top of her head and some annoyed look in her eyes. He sighed to rub a hand on his face to feel his skin not protest from it. He exhaled a breath through his mouth then got up thinking that he’ll shower but halted at the bathroom doorway recalling the joke the High Council played on him. 
He groaned rubbing a hand on his head and mentally thought “Oh they better not play that shower joke again.”
Jinks entered the bathroom. 

Jinks came out of the bathroom feeling himself relieved from the shower and clean clothes on his form. He sighed feeling that the shower joke had ended walked to the bedroom doors yanking them open to see Bill standing there flaring golden eyes with some angry look on his face. 
Jinks spoke “Spill it Bill what the depths got you ticked off?”
He glared at Bill who spoke “Some human like manoid species called Amula recently came out and admitted that the High Council roped them into serving them through blackmail. There are reports of Amula being responsible for the hacking done around here including playing a joke with your shower.” 
Jinks gave up a growl and spoke “Oh interesting anything else?”
He heard from Bill “Actually there’s Amula serving you who have admitted spying for the High Council by forced means unwillingly. Those Amula in question have admitted that they were blackmailed into doing the job and are glad that their species wound up ousted to the public due to that the blackmail has stopped since the ouster.” 
He heard nothing else from Bill who stopped flaring golden eyes forming what do you want look on his face. 
Jinks spoke “Uh I think I’ll go eat, excuse me.” 
He walked passed Bill who didn’t comment and went to the dining room finding food ready for him which he sat and took in the nourishment finding himself terribly hungry. Once done he got up and sighed thinking that he’ll hit the gym room which he went yanking open the doors to find Barry inside standing in front of the punching bag. 
He frowned as Barry spoke “Stretch and do some karate first then I’ll tell you what you want to know going on around here.” 
He obeyed doing the stretching and karate then once done stood facing Barry with arms folded who spoke “Ah the High Council have lost their servants the Amula serving them since the ouster happened three days ago. The public’s reaction is in various emotions to the revealing while the press has been flaunting them since the ouster. The press has requested a statement from you about the Amula which your spokesperson has managed to say that you were aware of their species and what the High Council was doing with them and was working on helping them with their situation.”
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Barry kept talking “Also there are reports that the High Council is having an angry fit due to the Amula’s ouster and that the Amula are out of serving them. I wouldn’t be surprised if the High Council personally used you as a scapegoat like they have been doing for awhile whenever things go wrong for them.” 
He groaned softly as Barry gave him a familiar look which he spoke “Ugh. I do hope that the High Council isn’t that angry enough to do something very bad to me.” 
He stiffened as the scene changed to show the High Council’s throne room and once again felt his arms grabbed by the Falcons in grips which he kept his mouth shut remembering Anubis warning him about a rule. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke with sarcasm “Hmm what should we do with you for that joke you played having the Amula reveal themselves?”
He kept his mouth shut as Onya spoke “Oh we know you had a hand in playing that joke in getting the Amula to reveal them from what we know of that species. They were very adamant on not doing any revealing from reports of spies scanning their minds and getting them to do some jobs for us so don’t deny that Horus.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth in a thin line as Onya paused and heard Anubis whisper loudly “Horus you can talk so say something.” 
He spoke “Spill it what makes you think I had anything to do with that Amula ouster? While you’re at it prove your words with proof besides saying it.” 
 He formed a glare on his face aimed at the High Council as Shad spoke “Do you think we’re not smart, Horus enough to be fooled? We detected you possessive a Builder to use his voice talent on an Amula to reveal their species during a press conference talking about you being busy with something. This caused Amula at other press conferences to reveal themselves and now it’s all over the place among the First Ones flaunting the ouster which you’re responsible for it.”
He fisted his hands to feel the Falcons’ grips become tighter and more ironclad as Onya spoke “Hmm what should we do with you for that stunt?”
He spoke “That Amula ouster was retaliation for that shower joke you played on me wrecking up my shower water enough to get me sick with some medical ailment.”
He clamped his mouth shut as Onya spoke “No uh nice try Horus but we know you too well that you wouldn’t do any stunts against us whenever we play some joke on you. Your minions have been known to be the ones who do the stunts against us and not you so nice try with your words Horus.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Onya added “Hmm what should we do to you for that stunt you pulled?”
He opened his mouth to speak and felt sleepiness and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks woke up hearing an alarm sounding jerked open his eyes lurching up to find himself sitting on his bed in his bedroom in the penthouse which he looked around the room finding nothing amiss but saw Missy sitting in her bed with ears flat on top of her head looking annoyed by the expression in her eyes. He sighed and got up from the bed only to crash to the floor feeling a weakness feeling hitting him all over that made him lie on it. 
He mentally thought “What the depths did the High Council do to me?”
He heard nothing to answer his question stayed on the floor panting for breath and felt himself too weak to get up felt sleepiness groaned and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blaring in his ear opened his eyes to find himself stripped of his clothes and wearing just his underwear shorts while feeling a syringe needle feeling in his left arm which he looked to see it in his arm along with a tube going to a clear bag holding watery like liquid hanging off a hook on a pole. 
He mentally thought “What happened to me?” 
He heard from Lance “The High Council poisoned you then transported you back which the poison wasn’t discovered till you were found lying on the floor out of bed. You’ll be out for awhile according to your doctor. Your minions have announced to the public that the High Council blame you for the Amula’s ouster and have poisoned you in retaliation for that and that they did show you to the public while you were out unconscious as proof that you were down for awhile.” 
Jinks groaned to mentally think “What else have my minions have been doing lately for that latest stunt done on me?”
He heard “You don’t need to worry about that. Just get yourself well and leave the retaliation to me and your minions.” 
He heard nothing from Lance but sensed sleepiness sighed and shut his eyes falling asleep to dream of facing his father that had a black eyed glare which made him nervous. 
He once again felt himself gagged on the throat as Lance spoke “Harrumph when you will tell that ghost part of you to leave the retaliation jobs to me and your minions? That ghost form of you wound up possessive Kim and had her get the Meritanians to transport the High Council to King Winter’s Kingdom and have the plants balk transporting them back to their home which they got picked up by a sea vessel with Highlanders on it.” 
Jinks groaned as Lance continued talking “By the way the Meritanians haven’t said anything about you being responsible for the latest stunt which I’m pretty sure that the plants will talk once the High Council orders them to do it. Then will come another round of retaliation from the High Council done on you knocking you out again so cut the retaliation and leave it to me and your minions.” 
Jinks gagged out “How can I do that?”
He stared at Lance who spoke “You’ll find a way my son.”
He felt his eyes forced shut came to find himself standing among bushes and felt a hand on his shoulder which he looked to see himself standing there that gave up a sinister laugh. 
Jinks spoke “Must you retaliate for the stunts the High Council done on me? Can’t you leave the job to my father and my minions? The High Council will do another stunt on me once they find out you had something to do with it.” 
Himself he saw gave up another sinister laugh and spoke “Don’t worry about the High Council retaliating against you. They’ll learn the lesson I’m trying to teach them well enough to not do anything.”
Jinks spoke as himself paused “Well at least give my father and my minions a chance to do the job instead so that the High Council will stop being picky on me.” 
He frowned as himself gave another sinister laugh and spoke “The High Council won’t listen to them and their lessons believe me I know this but they’ll listen to me and my lessons mark my words they will.” 
He opened his mouth and felt his eyes forced shut dreamed of a volcano erupting with earthquakes shaking then dream went black and he heard an alarm blaring noise felt himself lying in bed still wearing his underwear shorts. He sensed his arm freed of the syringe and opened his eyes to stare at the ceiling to hear a throat clearing noise which he looked off his left to see a Highlander male wearing scrubs that had a frown on the face. 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander spoke “Ah good that you recovered from the poisoning but there’s another matter that the High Council had checked out so excuse me.” 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as the Highlander removed a device off his forehead and to type on a lap top on his couch dresser. 
He eyed the Highlander and spoke “Spill it what the depths does the High Council wanted checked out?”
He formed a glare on his face as the Highlander looked at him and spoke “A volcano erupted on an island in the High Council’s home base that is not known for eruptions. You were checked out to see if you were causing it which I see that you weren’t from tests results saying that. Oh the High Council isn’t amused by that stunt of you having the Meritanians transport them to King Winter’s Kingdom where a Highlander based vessel had to pick them up due to the plants balking to transport them back. Rest assured that the High Council will find a fitting punishment for that stunt.” 
Jinks spoke with sarcasm “Well excuse me Mr. Highlander but didn’t it get it to the High Council that this stunt played on them was retaliation for poisoning me?”
He glared at the Highlander who looked at him with a glare before the male spoke “You’re not known for doing stunts against the High Council like your minions are so no I don’t think its retaliation against the poisoning. Just my personal opinion anyway and don’t come whining to me about the High Council punishing you for that stunt.” 
Jinks gave up a growling sound willed the Master through to see the Highlander form a nervous expression on his face. 
He spoke “Get it straight Highlander, I can retaliate against the High Council myself if they don’t get my minions’ lessons on treating me right so don’t forget it smarty. I’m capable of retaliation and I’ll do it period till the High Council learned to stop pulling their stunts on me. I aim to see that the High Council quit their punishing torturous stunts on me for good even if I have to teach them a lesson in retaliation against them. I don’t give a damn but I will see what’s fit to teach the High Council a lesson that their stunts aren’t tolerated if they refused to listen to my minions’ lessons.” 
He glared at the Highlander who spoke “Ramses put Horus to sleep will you?” 
He gave up a sinister laugh as he felt sleepiness willed the Master away from him and shut his eyes passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance who looked annoyed. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “That ghost form of yours got the High Council on the notice that you’re capable of retaliating against whatever stunt they pull on you. Hmph the ghost form wound up causing the High Council some trouble such as setting off volcano eruptions which they detected hitting their islands but didn’t detect you doing it. They figured out that the ghost form was doing it from me warning them that you were capable of doing it which they believed me words.”
Jinks frowned and felt his eyes forced shut came to find himself lying curled in a ball on the bed and felt hands on his back that felt like a child and kept his form still as he felt the sickness hitting stop. Jinks sighed as the hands slid off of him and didn’t hear a click sound frowned to sit up looking over the bed’s edge to stare at the floor seeing the little girl lying there with form still eyes shut. He sighed and figured that she needed rest got up from the bed and with careful maneuvering picked her up and placed her on the bed. He stared at her as he heard a soft mew from Missy eyed the cat that went to sit on the little girl’s chest tummy sitting while putting a chin down on the area and appeared to be sleeping. He sighed and thought that he’ll go shower which he went inside the bathroom.

Jinks came out dressed in clean clothes feeling himself better from the shower and stood staring at the bed seeing the little girl was still on it asleep and Missy still on top of her. He eyed the cat to see Missy had curled into a ball and was fast asleep on top of the little girl. He sighed and thought it was best not to disturb them both went to his bedroom doors gently opening one and stepped out to see Bill looking a little annoyed which he shut the door behind him. 
Bill he stared at spoke “An intruder has been detected in your bedroom.” 
He spoke “Yes I know any others arriving?”
He saw Bill shake his head and then he spoke “Just let me know how things are going around here while I go eat.” 
He walked away ignoring Bill and went to the dining room which he sat and took in the nourishment then once done got up and went to the gym room yanking open the doors finding Barry inside. 
Jinks stared at Barry who spoke “Stretch and do karate then I’ll talk what you want to know.” 
Jinks found himself obeying then once done stood with arms folded staring at Barry standing in front of the punching bag. 
Barry spoke “Ah the Builders managed to retaliate against the High Council for the poisoning by having the Meritanians balk transporting them to their home after hearing the plants blab about the group transported to King Winter’s Kingdom and picked up by boat. The Builders in question have managed to keep tabs of what’s going on around the High Council’s base by the Meritanians blabbing it to them. The plants have indicated that some of the servants are thinking of forming a new High Council group while the current group is sailing to the base by ship which will take time for them to get to there due to the balking done by the Meritanians refusing to transport them by Builder orders.” 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Barry paused to give him a familiar look which he felt compelled to punch him went to the Builder and brought a fist only to get it blocked by the male’s hand. Jinks groaned as he felt compelled to continue punching Barry proceeded to throw his fists at the male who easily blocked them while speaking foreign language sounding like using the voice which he felt his compulsion stop sighed loudly before backing up and folding his arms. Jinks heard Barry continue his foreign language still using the voice and disappeared in a flash of light. He exhaled a breath and left the room to see Missy sitting in the hallway which he frowned seeing Bill standing behind the cat golden eyes going away. 
Jinks spoke “The intruder?”
He stared at Bill who spoke “Still sleeping at the moment. I haven’t heard anything to indicate the person awake and moving.” 
He nodded his head and then went to the library sensing Missy following him which he went inside and sat down in a chair and picked up his book thinking that he’ll read it. 
He heard abruptly from Lance “I want to talk to you face to face.” 
Jinks sighed and thumped the book down on the table and leaned back shutting his eyes to dream of facing Lance who looked serious. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “That little girl sleeping on your bed has passed out from doing too much healing to people which is too many Highlanders and doing you as well. I don’t know what her interests in healing you are. She could have left you alone and healed the Highlanders instead. Her brothers the four horsemen dubbed by the High Council are still contained and not cooperating with the Highlanders on them asking where their sister is.”
Jinks spoke noticing the Meritanians “The Meritanians will probably blab about her and transport her to the High Council where they’ll torture her with more healing. Harrumph.” 
He saw Lance’s eyes turn all black followed by being gagged on the throat and heard his father speak “Don’t trash the Meritanians period get it my son? Now keep yourself polite around them or they’ll do something rather terrible to you.” 
Jinks gagged out “Fine.” 
He felt himself freed rubbed his throat and stared at Lance who formed Human blue eyes that were still narrowed in a glare. 
He groaned out “What am I supposed to do with that little girl while she recovers from her healing jobs?”
He frowned as Lance spoke “Just leave the mess to me and your minions and we’ll handle it get it?” 
He nodded his head as Lance forced his eyes shut which he came too feeling a hand shaking his shoulder and jerked open his eyes to see that hand belonged to Meritania. Jinks frowned as Meritania removed his hand and sat down in the other chair. 
He stared at Meritania who spoke “I managed to get word out to certain sources about a certain female sleeping along with her having brothers who are contained have now been freed and are keeping an eye on their sister at the moment. Don’t worry the sister has been transported to some place else where her brothers are watching her sleep.” 
He sighed to feel Missy on his lap from pressure on there as Meritania added “The Meritanians have balked under Builder orders to say where they transported the sister’s brothers or the sister herself by the High Council asking them that. Oh I heard that there’s a new High Council group considered being formed to replace the current High Council that currently sailing to the Australia Atoll which will take awhile due to that the Builders told the plants not to transport them home. I heard the reason for the new High Council group is that the servants are fed up with the current group’s attitude towards Humans especially one Human in particular and that’s you.” 
Jinks sighed hearing Meritania’s words as the Highlander looked at him cocking his head. 
He figured that Meritania wanted him to talk spoke “Oh I guess the new High Council will be generous towards me in treating me better instead of all this torturous stunts done on me that have me wrecked up.” 
He saw Meritania nod his head but the Highlander kept his mouth shut which he continued speaking “Interesting-“
He was interrupted by Missy giving off a yowl and getting off his lap and going underneath his chair which he looked at the doors to see one open and saw Barry enter the room a glare on his face. 
Jinks spoke “Something I can do for you Barry?”
He stared at Barry who spoke “Actually I came to talk to Merry. Jinks take the cat and leave the room. I want privacy.”
He found himself obeying to pick up Missy from underneath the chair and walked out of the room carrying her squirming in his arms passed Barry who slammed the door which he placed the cat on the floor and rubbed her back before walking to the living room to sit on a couch leaning back. He sensed Missy had followed him and felt the cat on his lap sitting on him tummy sitting which he looked down at her and stared at her as she sat on him. He reached out a hand and rubbed Missy’s back only to hear her give off meow sounding like she didn’t want to be petted which he sighed and leaned his head back to stare at the ceiling finding nothing wrong with it. He continued to stare at the ceiling till he heard Missy give off a meow sounding annoyed but felt her continue sitting on his lap. He stared at the ceiling and frowned seeing a fuzzy shape of cotton ball white on it in a manoid form which he continued to scrutiny as the fuzzy shape moved on the ceiling then went to a grating and yanked it open and went inside slamming it shut. 
He recalled the Annukai doing the same thing thought to himself “What was that on my ceiling moving around?”
He heard from Lance “Don’t worry about it. That won’t happen again.” 
Jinks mentally spoke “What are you talking about?”
He heard “Jinks drop the matter now. I’m busy with something at the moment so don’t disturb.”
He frowned to mentally keep his mouth shut and continued to stare at the ceiling till a hand waved in his eyes sight which he looked to see Bill standing next to the couch. 
Bill he stared at spoke “Just want to report that the intruder has been transported to another location and have people monitoring her at the moment.” 
He nodded his head and frowned as Bill gave him a familiar look which he spoke “Anything else I should know of?”
He saw Bill shake his head in a no gesture which he added “Dismissed Bill.” 
He watched as the butler faded from view and sighed to lean his head back staring at the ceiling while feeling Missy digging her claws into his thighs from her tummy sitting on him. 
Jinks looked down at her and spoke “Must you dig your claws into my thighs?”
He got nothing in response but more digging and with a sigh lifted up Missy and placed her down on the floor rubbing her back and got up from the couch wondering when Barry was finished talking to Meritania so he could go there and read his book. He went to the dining room and stared at the walls seeing that all four were empty of things. He sighed and eyed a familiar wall seeing it was empty of Roosevelt’s picture and felt himself relieved seeing that. He wandered to the library to peer through the doors to see Meritania and Barry were both inside appearing to be silent of talking. Jinks sighed softly and went to his bedroom to find the little girl gone from his bed which he went to a chair and sat down and his eyes fell on the table between chairs to find an apparent hardcover book sitting on it with a bookmark next to it. He picked up the book seeing it had a title with the word Kensington included. He frowned and opened the book and began to read it discovering it was a recorded biography of King George’s life in Great Britain authorized by his descendant Guard Kensington, Katherine’s father. He read the book detailing that the King had a son with a woman who he was friendly with her father but had a falling out with the male. He continued to read that the father of the woman according to historical documents ordered the fact that King George fathered his grandson be recorded and nothing else said about him period. Jinks felt a tap on the book lowered it to stare at Bill standing in front of him. 
Bill spoke “Your guests Merry and Barry have finished their talk and have left your home via various ways. It was Barry who insisted to me that I tell you of that just prior to departing. The library is free for you to use if you like.” 
Jinks nodded his head and then raised the book continuing reading it finding it interesting worth reading. He sensed Bill leave him and continued reading the book detailing that King George became king because he was friendly with a King who didn’t have any known heirs to pass down the title gave it to George who kept the title. Jinks read the book detailing that King George passed away fighting in a battle with a neighboring King said to be named Lance Richard who took his crown and his lands then passed it down to his descendants before the great flood arrived. He continued to read that King George’s horse was seen throwing him off killing the male and that Lance Richard took his crown and wore it as King of the lands along with ruling over George’s people with a firm gentle hand on worshiping him as a deity. He frowned as the book came to an end sighing that it was short but very interesting worth reading which he placed on the table then got up hearing a yowl and sighed looking down to see Missy arching her back. He bent down and petted the cat that arched underneath his hands’ motions then walked out of the bedroom manipulating the doors feeling like needing to eat something which he went to the dining room to find nothing on the table. 
He spoke out loud “Bill!” 
Jinks waited as Bill appeared off his left which he spoke “Tell the cook to prepare me something to eat. I’m hungry.” 
He saw Bill nod his head and watched as the butler went to the kitchen doors knocking on it three times before entering the kitchen, doors swinging behind him. Jinks sighed and went to sit down waiting trying to be patient as Mrs. Dermott arrived carrying a cup full of pick liquid from the looks of it and set it down on the table in front of him. He sighed figuring out that his order wasn’t fully understood picked up the cup and gulped down the contents finding it his familiar strawberry milkshake then placed the cup on the table and got up walking out of the room. He went to the library to find no one inside which he went to sit down and picked up his book thinking that he’ll read it. He heard nothing from Lance sighed and read the book reading an uncounted number of pages nearing the end of the book till the lights above blinked which he looked at Bill standing in the doorway. 
Bill spoke “Its time for your required meal so go eat it.” 
He obeyed setting the book down and went to the dining room to find a tray holding food that made his stomach rumble which he felt himself hungry sat and gobbled up the food and gulped down the drink. He sighed once done got up and left the dining room going to the library which inside he finished his book then put it away and felt fed up with reading more of the series thought he’ll read something else instead wandered to a bookshelf opposite from it and with a hand yanked out a book to stare at it. He saw the red cover of a face kissing a neck of a person with back to the view and frowned reading the back was about a vampire which he sighed thinking that he hadn’t read anything about vampires' fiction wise. Jinks went to sit down and began reading the book finding it was about a vampire male who had some sight problem in love with a female who was learning her heritage of being a vampire despite being a hybrid and discovered the book was a romance novel by the sexual innuendo suggested in it. Jinks sighed and forced himself to keep on reading the book thinking that it’ll amuse him to find a point of view involving vampires and what Meritania said about not mentioning them in Drainers’ faces or get a violent reaction in response. He read an uncounted number of pages and frowned finding different points of views in the book that wasn’t just focused on the sexual couple as he continued to read the book till the light blinked above sighed and looked at the doorway to find Bill there. 
Bill he stared at spoke “Your doctor has requested that you go into the gym room and do your familiar exercises to gauge if you’re ready for physical combat. It involves use of the punching bag as well.” 
Jinks sighed and placed the book on the table flat on where he was in it then got up walking passed the butler going to the gym room to find no one inside but sensed the familiar filming from the cameras in the room. He immediately fell into a perfect side split and found nothing wrong with his body from doing that move which he began doing his stretching exercises followed by swinging up to do his Kata then did his drills of kicking and punching in the air before turning to the punching bag to do karate movements on it till he felt he had an enough left the gym room to find Bill in the hallway looking distracted by staring at the floor. He sighed and tapped Bill on the shoulder that held up a hand and placed another hand over his left ear which he figured held a listening device in it and was busy listening to communications in it. He kept his mouth shut folding his arms to frown as Bill formed a frown on his face before the butler faded from view. Jinks sighed and went to the library thinking that he’ll read more of his book which he found remained in its spot on the table. He went to sit and read the book sighing coming upon a sex scene that ended abruptly like a chapter ending while going into another chapter to focus on another character. He felt himself annoyed with that kept on reading the book to find another sex scene mentioned in it and the female finding out that the male was blind but willing to show his eyes to her. He felt himself very interested in the book to continue reading till the lights above blinked which he looked at the doorway with annoyance to see Bill. 
Bill spoke “Its time for your required meal which you’ll find on the dining room table.” 
He thumped the book onto the table marking his spot then got up walking out passed the butler going to the dining room table which he went inside to find a tray holding food in dishware and felt himself hungry ate it all up along with gulping down the drink. He sighed once done and got up going back to the library to sit and read his book finding it interesting worth reading was engrossed in it till the lights above blinked which he looked up at the doorway with a glare at Bill standing there. 
The butler spoke “Your doctor recommended that you retire for the night and get some sleep as part of your healing requirements.”
Jinks sighed and placed the book onto the table flat on where he was marking his spot then got up walking passed the butler only to feel his arm grabbed by the Builder. He stared at Bill who had a distracted look on his face while cocking his head then he felt himself pushed into the library room along with the doors shut in his face leaving him alone in there. 
Jinks spoke out loud “Excuse me but what is going on?” 
He heard a loud siren sound sounding loudly frowned as he heard clanging noises outside the doors went to the doorknob only to have his hand jerk backwards of their own accord while hearing electrical sounds humming loudly as the siren noises stopped. Jinks went to sit down staring at the doors willing the Master through with hands fisted eyes narrowed. He heard the humming of electricity stop followed by the doors opening and Bill entering the room clearing his throat. 
He glared at Bill who spoke “A rocket was detected fired from an overweight Highlander from the ground into one of your home building’s windows causing some damage. Rest assured that the Highlander in question has been brought down by people noticing him doing the damage but weren’t able to stop him from firing his weapon. There is only glass damage to part of the building’s decorative windows and that’s about it. There isn’t much can be done for you so I suggest that you go to bed.” 
Jinks got up to hear Bill clear his throat and noticed the Builder make finger gestures to his eyes and jabbed it at him which he willed the Master away from him then walked out going to his bedroom which inside he went into the bathroom to strip himself of his clothes, shoes and bullet proof vest then put on pajama pants followed by leaving the bathroom to stand in the bedroom. He heard a happy meow sound eyed his bed to see Missy sitting in her bed looking happy from the look of her eyes which he sighed and went to the bed getting inside the blankets and threw the covers up to his chest. He stared at the ceiling till he felt Missy get onto his chest to tummy sit on him with purring vibrations felt and he sighed allowing the vibrations to lull him to sleep which he fell asleep passing out unconscious. 

He dreamed of an eyes sight point of view that showed night vision identical to his night vision of a forest. There was panting he heard of the person traveling through the forest fast then heard car sounds along with horns honking to see the person reached a road with buildings in the eyes sight that appeared to be part of New York City. He continued to watch as the person slowed to a walk in the city until blackness arrived from within the eyes sight along with a yawning sound he heard followed by nothingness. 

Jinks heard the alarm blare woke up with a frown to find Missy in her cat bed that gave up a meow sound which he got up hearing the alarm clock cut its noises. He went into the bathroom and did his morning ritual of showering, drying getting dressed and brushing his hair. He noticed that the bullet proof vest was gone from among his clothes and that the shoes appeared to be sneakers instead of dressy types. He frowned as he left the bathroom going to the bedroom doors yanking them open to find Bill there. 
Jinks spoke “The bullet proof vest? Where did it go?”
He saw nervousness appear on the butler’s face as Bill spoke with the emotion in his voice “I’m ordered not to say till a certain time period.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust walked passed the butler and went to the dining room to eat his breakfast then once done got up only to see Bill in the room that cleared his throat. 
He stared at Bill who spoke “I was instructed to tell you to go to the elevator and give the words ‘guest room’ then that’s where you’re to go.” 
He sighed and left Bill leaving the dining room and went to the elevator to find a Highlander inside which he spoke “Guest room.”
Jinks waited as the guard pressed a button and felt the elevator move going to the its destination then stopped which he walked out seeing the room was familiar which he saw was a one room apartment with red dots all over the place peeking from various objects while feeling himself filmed. He saw a male sitting in a chair get up seeing him walking up to him and flashed golden eyes of a Builder as his eyes focused on the bed seeing a naked female form chained to it with long black hair that seemed familiar. 
He frowned as the Builder reached him and spoke using the voice in a loud tone “Your to mate with the female while she is restrained in chains and don’t take too long doing it.” 
Jinks frowned as the Builder left him which he sensed had entered the elevator and went to the female seeing her mouth was taped shut by some black tape on it and she had a familiar appearance of blue eyes and was heard mumbling something while looking annoyed by the look in her eyes. 
He frowned recalling Lavinia and thought to himself “Is this Lavinia and what’s going on with having me mate with her?” 
Jinks heard from Lance “Will the source through when you mate with her and it’ll get her to cooperate.” 
He mentally spoke “Father what’s going on?”
He heard “Busy don’t disturb.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth and willed the Master through then stripped himself of his clothes and shoes leaving them piled on the floor then walked to the female he assumed was Lavinia that saw him and narrowed her eyes annoyance still in them while still mumbling talk. Jinks laid his form on top of her finding her legs were chained apart leaving access to her and then entered her finding no barriers blocking the way. He felt charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her while staring at Lavinia in the eyes who rolled them and thrust up her head sensing she liked the mating and was reacting from it. Jinks spilled himself inside her then felt himself still sexually charged did another round of thrusting and again spilled inside her and once done kiss her on the cheek and then pulled out while getting up from the bed. 
He heard from Lance “Go take a shower and wash thoroughly you need it.” 
He sighed and picked up his clothes and shoes then carried them into the bathroom which inside he placed them on the sink counter then entered the tub shower combination stall and showered washing himself thoroughly with soap and shampoo finding he had to manipulate the water by faucet knobs to his heat toleration levels. Jinks once done walked out to dry himself then placed on his clothes and shoes and found a hair brush inside a drawer which he used to brush his hair then walked out of the bathroom looking at the bed and found Lavinia gone from it. He felt an oddness feeling hitting him frowned wondering what it was and heard nothing from Lance sighed and went to the elevator doors standing with arms folded glaring at them to see them open which he walked inside to meet Bill who again gestured to his eyes. 
Jinks obeyed willing the Master away and waited as Bill ordered to the guard “Penthouse.” 
He frowned wondering why he was manipulated to mate with Lavinia without an explanation given and heard nothing from Lance. He continued to frown as the elevator reached the floor and he walked out following Bill who halted and turned to face him giving him a familiar look. 
Jinks unfolded his arms and spoke “Dismissed Bill.” 
He watched as Bill faded from view and with a frown thought he’ll hit the library to read his book which he went to and sat once inside to sit and read his book finding it very interesting worth reading which he found himself engrossed till the lights blinked above. Jinks glared at the doors to find them still shut but the lights were blinking which made him look up to stare at them followed by hearing a familiar siren sound along with electrical humming noises sounding from the doors. Jinks willed the Master through to thump his book onto the table and got up hands fisted in front of him in a fight pose while watching the doors. He heard a yowl and saw Missy enter the room through the cat door that streaked underneath a chair and felt the familiar oddness feeling hitting him which made him confused as to what it was. He continued to glare at the doors while hearing a faint clanging noise and heard a very loud roaring noise that reminded him of a Drainer roaring from the familiarity followed by silence. He eyed the doors hearing then another clanging sound followed by the electricity stopping and then the doors opening showing Bill manipulating them while walking inside the room clearing his throat. 
Jinks spoke “Don’t tell me that was another rocket attack.” 
He glared at Bill who formed nervousness in his eyes and facial expression while speaking with the emotion in his tone “Sorry I was ordered not to say what caused the alarm to go off.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust lowered his hands uncurling them from fisting them and spoke “I don’t find it amusing being kept in the dark with things around here especially doing things I’m not to know of which I should be aware of for they concern me.” 
He glared at Bill who spoke “I’ll see that their told of this.”
He continued to glare at Bill who cleared his throat then made his familiar finger gesture again which he willed the Master away from him.
Jinks spoke “Excuse me while I read.” 
He heard from Bill “Actually I was ordered to tell you to go to your bedroom and put on the vest there for you on your bed then hit the elevator ordering the guard to take you to the lobby.” 
He spoke “Anything else?”
He again saw the nervousness from Bill who spoke “Sorry I was ordered not to say.” 
Jinks gave up an Hmph sound and went out of the library passed the butler sensing Bill not following him which he went to his bedroom slamming the doors shut to find a bullet proof vest on top of his bed. Jinks stripped his shirt and placed on the vest then put his shirt back on followed by leaving the bedroom taking a route to going to the elevator which he inside ordered for lobby and felt it go down. Jinks felt himself getting annoyed allowed the emotion through to glare at the doors as the elevator reached its destination and then the doors opened which he walked out to frown seeing the guards were gathered in a semi circle guns pointed at the entrance which he heard a sucking sound that reminded him of a Drainer sucking. He went to the guards that noticed him and made way while still pointing their guns at the entrance which he went and saw a familiar figure he recognized as King Winter feeding onto a male Human before licking the man’s neck and dropping him from the floor with eyes narrowed in a glare aimed straight at him. Jinks frowned as two of his guards stepped in front of him guns still pointing at King Winter which he had to peer over their shoulders aimed at the Cold Lord. He continued to eye King Winter that stared back at him with some glaring stare before making a come gesture off his left with a free hand and heard a yell as a guard went flying towards the Cold Lord who grabbed the male by the throat. 
Jinks frowned as the guard spoke loudly “Yes I hear you so you don’t need to scream in my ear so quit doing it.” 
He continued to watch and listen as the guard added “Says I’m not amused with the capture of my Queen and I want her returned or else.” 
Jinks heard a Highlander voice sounding off his right speaking loudly “Your Queen isn’t here in this place. You’ll find her elsewhere at the hospital recovering from her medical ailments that were detected after she was rescued from her capture.” 
Jinks frowned to eye King Winter that thumped his staff on the floor and felt ice sounds of cracking all around him to look down seeing ice forming on the feet of his guards which halted its progress locking the males in place onto the floor. 
He eyed King Winter as the guard again spoke “Says you’re lying about your words. I heard my Queen’s words saying that you were responsible for her capture just prior to being cut off. I don’t find it amusing being lied to.” 
He again heard the Highlander speak “I’m telling the truth the Queen is at the hospital after suffering injuries from her capture so go there now.” 
Jinks again heard the cracking sounds looked down to see the ice on his guards had risen up to their thighs which he again heard from the guard “Says again lying so produce the Queen or find your life forfeit.” 
Jinks felt the oddness feeling mentally willed the Master through to speak loudly “What is she to you? I heard that your just brother and sister.”
He saw King Winter glare at him before the guard again spoke “Says produce the Queen now or else.”
He stared at King Winter that continued to glare at him which he shifted to look at the guards in front of him having ice up to their thighs and mentally held up a hand by instinct and mentally ordered the ice to cease and then heard loud sounds of ice shattering all around him seeing the ice on the guards fall apart to the floor. He eyed King Winter who looked around seeing his ice work gone from the guards and then looked at him with some angry look in his eyes followed by thrusting the staff aimed in his direction. Jinks felt himself covered with ice forced his mouth open and screamed to find the ice surrounding him shatter hitting the floor then shut his mouth to glare at King Winter who still looked angry. Jinks mentally ordered sleep to hit King Winter while waving a hand and saw his order obeyed by the Cold Lord shaking his head repeatedly and releasing his hold on the guard before falling to the floor onto his side with form still and eyes shut closed hand still gripping the staff. Jinks frowned as one of his guards in front of him turned around and fired his gun aimed at his throat which he stiffened feeling a stinging pain feeling in his neck along with sleepiness felt himself falling to the floor and felt it on his cheek along with passing out unconscious- 

Nikolas cut himself off telling the story while giving off a sound of disgust. 
He heard snickering sounds of the Meritanians in his mind as Yana blared "Just tell the story now!"
Nikolas felt his jokey sense going off in response spoke the story ignoring Tank's laughter sounding in his mind. 

Jinks dreamed of Lance who spoke “Alright Jinks, the Queen was captured by Highlanders servants of the High Council wearing uniforms of your guards. The Amula hanging around in hiding attacked the Highlanders and freed the Queen but she dropped her crown in process and became Lavinia again which she took off running to the city. One of the Amula holding a Highlander dart gun followed her and darted her unconscious because she wasn’t wearing any clothes then brought her to your home. Your people had an ulterior motive having you mate with Lavinia was seeing if any residue powers of the Queen would pass to you so you would fight off King Winter when he arrived to the building to confront the attack. As for the guard knocking you out unconscious that was to keep you from taking the King Winter crown and becoming the cold lord due to you still having residue powers of the Queen within you that have completely worn off.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Lance’s words as his father paused to place hands on his chest and forehead confusing him as Lance continued talking “Lavinia is currently at the hospital having another baby this time detected to be a girl which one of your descendants will raise once the offspring is born. She’ll be operated on to prevent more carrying offspring after the baby is born. Oh as for King Winter he’ll be transported to the hospital to Lavinia and will remain unconscious by force till after the baby is born then he’ll make her his Queen again as he wished once she and him are up and about. Don’t worry about King Winter. He won’t go near you again once he has Lavinia as his Queen and that she’ll get a change of clothes once she’s up and awake from having the baby.” 
Jinks opened his mouth and felt his eyes forced shut feeling himself passing out unconscious came to hearing the alarm blare jerked opened his eyes and sat up as the alarm clock ceased it noises. He twisted to glare at the clock seeing the time of eight o’clock in the morning along with a new date on it figured that it was the next day from the looks of it and got up from the bed darting into the bathroom feeling a familiar feeling hitting him. 

Jinks walked out fresh from showering wearing clean clothes, bullet proof vest on underneath, familiar dressy shoes on his feet and hair brushed. He sighed and eyed the bed to see Missy sitting in her cat bed that gave up a meow sounding tired and watched her curl into a ball with form still which he sighed and went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to see Bill looking relieved to see him. 
Jinks spoke “What did I miss around here while I was out asleep?”
He stared at Bill who formed nervousness in his face and eyes before the butler spoke “Sorry I was ordered not to say till a certain time period.”
Jinks formed a glare on his face and gave up a sound of disgust then left the butler going to the dining room which inside he sat and ate his food then once done thought he’ll hit the gym room which he felt compelled to go to the library felt himself annoyed by that. He yanked open the library doors to find Barry sitting in a chair inside which he went in and shut the doors behind him looking at the Builder questioningly. 
Barry spoke “Do something about that will you?”
Jinks frowned as Barry gestured to his eyes which he sensed the Master still in control willed it away and folded his arms forming a frown on his face aimed at the Builder. 
He stared at Barry who spoke “Your minions didn’t have any time to explain their reasons for what they did due to not able to delay King Winter any further who was straight on arriving to your home to confront you of his Queen’s kidnapping. They had figured out that Lavinia still had residue of being the Queen within her from tests and figured out that she could pass them onto you from mating due to reports of females having residues of your powers whenever you mated with them.” 
Jinks groaned softly hearing Barry’s words as the Builder gave him a familiar look which he spoke recalling something “I didn’t know that I could pass on my powers to females whenever I mated with them but I did notice that with Katherine who kept putting me off my requests to be tested whenever she displayed them.” 
He frowned as Barry spoke “Katherine had an ulterior motive putting you off for tests was because tests would reveal her being a Charon inside while having a Human form and I got that straight from medical sources familiar with the species. She was aware of being a Charon from her connection to Hades sensed and didn’t want it public knowledge.”
Jinks felt himself getting sad spoke in a sad tone “She never told me of that or trusted me enough for it.” 
He frown feeling himself sad as Barry flared golden eyes which made him stiffen. 
Barry spoke sounding serious “I believe there are things about you that you never told her or trusted to tell her hence she doing the same.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth figuring that Barry was right, to go sit down in the chair and kept his eyes on the Builder who stopped flaring golden eyes.
Barry he stared at continued talking “Some of those things I’m aware of you never told her involved being the Master Lance Richard yourself while living in Great Britain and your past history of living the life of your child that was later destroyed by the High Council. Don’t deny that, Jinks.” 
He sighed loudly sensing that Barry was right with his words spoke “I don’t deny it for I wasn’t sure if it was any of her business to mention that to her.” 
He frowned as Barry gave him a golden eyed glare followed by the Builder speaking “So was her business of not being entirely a Human and having a twin sister named Victoria which she and her sister were adopted separately by George and Guard Kensington to raise as their own child.”
He groaned loudly hearing that as Barry kept talking “The reason for raising Victoria and Katherine was because of a family member was going around as Hades that later passed away and gave the title to a descendant of yours that was nearing the end of her life. Don’t deny that she was the one who you met as Hades.” 
He stiffened as the memory came to his mind and then spoke “I don’t deny it but how did you find out about this?”
He stared at Barry with a glare who spoke with eyes stop flaring golden “Never trust mind walkers such as Highlanders who easily scanned Hades’ mind and figured out who she was and everything related to that situation that happened to her. As for the Kensington family member it turned out to be the Kensington brothers’ missing father who was declared lost at sea that your descendant wound up sucking to death after becoming Hades killing him and left his body on someone’s lawn where it’ll be easily found. The Kensington brothers took care of the body but weren’t able to cremate him due to him becoming a Charon just after they sent the body to the mainland where he escaped them and is around somewhere in the city with the other Charon.”
Jinks frowned as Barry paused to give him a familiar look which he spoke “What about my daughter Victoria? Will she become a Charon or not?”
He frowned staring at Barry who spoke “That remains to be seen due to that Hades hasn’t expressed interests in having her take the title despite a very rich wealth of candidates to give the title to. I believe that the Hades title can be passed onto anyone regardless of their species. As for King Winter I believe that the person has to have some Human traits in them for the title to be passed to them along with the same for his Queen.”
Jinks nodded his head and recalled being told of Lavinia having his daughter spoke “What about Lavinia has my daughter? Have you heard anything about her and the offspring she birthed?”
He frowned as Barry spoke “Ah I heard that your daughter is already born and that Lavinia was given a chance to wear something before they woke up King Winter who made her his Queen and now their traveling around doing duties that the Cold Lord is responsible for. I doubt that King Winter would let his Queen out of his sight for awhile not after what happened to her.” 
He nodded his head as Barry paused to clear his throat then stood up speaking in gibberish using the voice and disappearing in flash of light. He sighed and heard a meow which he felt Missy walk from underneath the seat to jump onto his lap and settle down tummy sitting. Jinks sighed and grabbed his book figuring that he’ll read it which he proceeded to do till tears blurred his vision. He placed the book down on the table and leaned back letting the tears fall sensing himself sad as memories of Katherine flashed in his mind he stared at Missy sitting on his lap tummy sitting as he felt a pressure like feeling on his left cheek of something going up and down which he shift his eyes up to stare with shock a Charon with a male form leaning over him appearing to have his hand stroking his cheek. 
Jinks stared at the Charon who spoke sounding in Summeran in a male voice “I’m sorry for our selfishness.” 
He groaned softly feeling himself much better from the Charon’s words as his tears stopped which he saw the Charon straightened up his form removing his hand. He continued to eye the Charon as a female Charon appeared next to the male and stiffened as his senses blared as he got a memory of a family descendant dying on his bed in the penthouse and becoming a Charon in his presence. He realized with a start that the female was her who leaned forward and with a hand reached out stroked his right cheek in a gentle motion he sensed from the pressure like feelings and sighed softly. He felt Missy give off a rumbling vibration he sensed was purring and sighed again as the female Charon removed her hand and straightened up her form. 
He stared at her as he heard a female voice speaking in Summeran “I’m alright now and so is she. She watches the ones you value as your children for she knows that their more important to you than your life and would want them safe from harm. Don’t worry about her. She still knows that you would want the children unharmed and alive like you told her over the years she lived with you when you talked about them being valuable worth more than yourself.” 
He exhaled a breath as he sensed that the female Charon was correct on her words regarding Katherine and her life being one of them to slowly nod his head and watched as the female faded from view form disappearing out of sight. 
He shifted his eyes towards the male Charon who spoke again in Summeran “She kept Victoria safe when you could not while you were indisposed. Don’t worry about your children she is watching as are others.” 
He again nodded his head as the male Charon faded from view disappearing out of sight. He sighed again and kept his form leaning back in the chair eyes staring at the closed doors letting his thoughts wander thinking about Katherine till he felt sleepiness shut his eyes and dreamed of facing Lance who placed hands on his chest and forehead. 
Jinks stared at Lance who spoke gently rubbing the areas he touched on him “Katherine has been keeping an eye on Victoria since the moment you acquired her and has been your daughter’s guardian over the years she grew up even made contact with her from time to time keeping her out of trouble.”
He stiffened to feel himself not getting upset with Lance’s words as his father continued talking “I admit I made it clear to Katherine just prior to her change that she was to act as guardian to whatever children you would have fathered after her passing. I know you too well that you would mate with a female after losing another female to death like you did with one before Katherine awhile back and that female wound up expecting a child that was later raised by a family descendant of yours.” 
He groaned hearing Lance’s words recalling that his father was correct about that for he did mated with a female after losing one to death and fathered a child through her. 
He again heard Lance speak “Don’t worry about Katherine anymore. Just let her go in peace and be assured that your children being guarded from harm with her watching them. They’ll all be fine, Jinks and so will you.” 
He groaned softly as Lance gently forced his eyes shut which he came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder jerked open his eyes to stare at Bill that straightened up his form clearing his throat. 
He felt Missy gone from his lap as Bill spoke “Its time for your required meal. I suggest you go eat it. Failure to do it will require a doctor’s visit indicating of a problem and I know you hate having that.” 
Jinks groaned softly got up from the chair and walked out of the room going to the dining room which inside he sat down finding a tray holding food which he forced himself to eat feeling like it was necessary to take in the nourishment just in case something serious happened that would require energy. He sighed once done got up and walked out of the dining room going to the library to sit in a chair and leaned back letting his thoughts wander about Katherine with an occasionally memory of her popping up. He let himself daydream about Katherine as he abruptly fell backwards onto hard metal like floor and felt familiar hands grab his arms lifting him up to a standing position which he found himself in the High Council’s throne room facing the High Council and their speaks. Jinks felt himself getting angry and allowed the feeling to run through him as he glared at the High Council. 
He kept his focus on the High Council as Shad spoke “Ah not in a good mood aren’t you Horus?”
He kept his mouth shut to fist his hands and heard a soft growling noise he sensed was coming from him as he continued to glare at the High Council. 
He heard Onya speak “Interesting anyway there’s another matter that we had you brought here involving a certain volcano eruption we want you to stop period.” 
He spoke sounding angry “I’m not doing it so make me.” 
He heard Shad speak “Oh really? Your words are nothing Horus for you’ll do what we say and stop that volcano eruption period.” 
He spoke sounding still angry “Go ahead and make me for I’m not doing a thing for you. You should learn to put up with that eruption anyway.” 
He felt a rage episode arrive willed it through putting him out while giving up a loud roaring sound in an angry tone. 

Jinks came to finding himself in a familiar room surrounded by pieces of apparent foam on the floor along with cloth spread all over it. He frowned feeling himself calmer to see he was in a round room and saw a round door in the wall which opened showing a masked Highlander that looked up before looking down back at him. He frowned feeling himself calm and again felt his arms grabbed by the Falcons as he felt himself in the High Council’s throne room facing the High Council. 
Jinks formed a thin line with his mouth as Shad spoke “Ah I believe you should be in a better frame of mind to do what we ordered you such as stopping a volcano from further eruption.”
He felt the Falcons’ release their hold on him as he found himself standing on a field outside that looked like very cooled lava from the looks of it and saw a volcano in the distance far ahead of him. He eyed the volcano while sensing himself filmed looked around and in the air to spot three floating balls he figured were spybots from the looks of them. He looked around the field to see parts of it looked like it was a farmer’s field holding food from the remains of the stalks still standing while the lava lay around in a cooled form. He stared at the spybots and made a fist gesture at them then turned his back folding his arms glaring at the volcano watching it erupt some more and continued to watch it frowning as he saw some lava spill from the volcano and appeared to be heading his direction in a slow movement from the looks of it. He growled an annoyed sound raised a hand and shut his eyes mentally ordered the volcano to cease eruption and felt his orders obeyed then opened his eyes to see the lava was still going towards him. 
He willed the Master through and mentally yelled “Get me off this field before the volcano’s eater earth comes to me and harms me!”
Jinks blinked his eyes discovering himself in the High Council’s throne room arms again grabbed by the Falcons as he glared at the High Council. 
He heard Shad speak “Interesting reaction to the volcano stoppage. It normally would have knocked you out unconscious which we’re surprised that it’s not doing it.” 
He mentally recalled a situation with the High Council spoke out loud “You want to explain what happened to you after you were transported to King Winter’s Kingdom? I heard that the Builders got the plants to balk transporting you home. How did you get home so fast anyway?”
He glared at the High Council as Onya spoke “Oh we had one of our warships in our disposal that arrived from patrolling the area and picked us up and got us to home fast before things went awry around here. It’s a shame that servants aren’t being that loyal when it comes to matters involving food for they put their needs ahead of them first than the needs of serving us. Harrumph. We had to inflict several acts of punishment for that behavior.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Shad spoke “Ramses knock him out now.” 
He felt a headache and heard Ramses’ voice speaking “Sorry I can’t do what you suggested. Horus’s minions are getting antsy for his return and are detected thinking of doing something serious enough involving us to do some transporting around here causing trouble and that involves returning Horus to them.”
He felt the Falcons’ grips off of him followed by blinking his eyes and found himself back in the library of his home along with the headache stopping. He sighed and stormed out of the library darting to the gym room yanking open the doors to stare with annoyance Barry inside standing in the middle of the room looking annoyed by the Builder’s facial expression. 
Jinks spoke “Excuse me while I stretch and do karate.” 
He heard from Barry “Oh no you don’t. Your not doing either one of them period so hit the library now.” 
He felt annoyance take hold saw Barry’s expression remained serious slammed both doors then went to the library yanking them open to find Barry inside sitting down in a chair which he slammed the doors shut and folded his arms glaring at the Builder who ignored his glare to form a frown on his face.
Jinks spoke “Spill it what did the High Council do this time?”
He glared at Barry who looked at him before speaking “Actually stopping that volcano should knock you out asleep for a number of days which I’m surprised that it's not happening at the moment. I figured out why and I doubt that you’ll like it.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust spoke “Then tell me what it is.”
He glared at Barry who spoke “My guess is a Charon possessive you enough to have you have a rage episode reacting from the possessing which you managed to kick the species out but left a side affects of additional strength to stay awake from stopping that volcano’s eruption.”
He frowned hearing Barry’s words as the Builder kept talking “That’s just a guess from what I know of the Charon visiting you earlier and seeing you reacting violently while under the High Council’s care. I’m not even sure what the Charon’s purpose to possessing you was but I suspect that it was related to jealousy by a male Charon who was upset about a female Charon interested in spying on you from what I sensed going around here.” 
Jinks frowned further forming it on his lips as Barry paused from talking to give him a familiar look which he spoke “I’m told by the Charon that Katherine has been keeping an eye on Victoria the moment I acquired my daughter and has been acting as her guardian from harm as she grew up and is still doing that job at the moment.”
He saw Barry nod his head as he paused from talking but noticed that the Builder still gave him the familiar look which he continued speaking “Actually the Charon apologized to me for their selfishness involving Katherine. I met one of them that were originally a family descendant that passed away in my presence due to being Hades which is what you told me of her.”
He again saw Barry nod his head as he paused but the Builder still giving his familiar look which he kept talking “Alright the Charon touched me on the cheeks and talked to me in Summeran before they faded from view. I didn’t feel anything about a Charon possessing me at all just feeling angry and that’s about it.” 
He saw Barry’s look become more glaring which he spoke “Barry spill it what are you implying? You seem to know something I don’t and want me to admit it.” 
He glared at Barry who spoke “I heard something about balking a volcano eruption only to do it due to some of the stuff that thing spewed was heading towards you enough to cause trouble which the eruption was stopped to save yourself but it didn’t prevent the lava from coming at all.”
Jinks gave up a groan spoke “Don’t punish me for doing that because I thought it would stop the lava from heading towards me but it didn’t harrumph.” 
He heard Barry speaking in foreign language using the voice and frowned as he felt a headache followed by Ramses’ voice speaking in his mind “Barry would you cut the chatter? The High Council has ordered Horus’s presence and insisted that we transport him to them as soon as possible.” 
He frowned as Barry stopped talking followed by Ramses’ voice again speaking “Argh! High Council that situation of the volcano eruption stopping was closely monitored by Builders hacking into your computers and sensors implanted in Horus who wanted confirmation of him being capable of doing things like that from reading your computer files detailed it.”
He went to sit down and waited as he felt the headache still within him and again heard Ramses’ voice speaking sounding annoyed “Barry the High Council insists on having Horus’s presence so cut the no transportation order and let us transport him or we’ll do the same to you dumping you in King Winter’s Kingdom and putting you asleep while your there waiting for a boat to pick you up.”
He stood up abruptly as if compelled and heard nothing from Barry but Ramses again speaking “Yeah right that is going to work Barry. The High Council will do it anyway.” 
He eyed Barry that spoke in foreign language using the voice and stiffened as the scene changed to show the High Council’s throne room and his arms again grabbed by the Falcons in tight ironclad grips. 
He heard Shad speak “Ramses knock him out now.” 
Jinks felt sleepiness shook his head and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare in his ear jerked open his eyes lurching up in a sitting position to hear a yowl sounding loudly. He groaned loudly to look at the alarm clock seeing the time was eight o’clock in the morning and forced himself to get up from the bed feeling nothing seriously wrong with him and then stiffened as he recalled something about the alarm clock which he looked again seeing the date on it. He recalled the previous date to realize that three days have passed since he was knocked unconscious by Ramses and frowned thinking to himself what he did while he was out. 
He heard from Lance “Go take your shower and attend to your personal hygiene. It’s a requirement my son.” 
He obeyed going into the bathroom to do what Lance ordered him. 

Jinks came out of the bathroom clean from showering along with new clothes on his form and his familiar bullet proof vest on along with his shoes on his feet and his hair brushed. He sighed and went to the bedroom doors spying Missy sleeping in her cat bed on the bed as he passed it. He yanked open the doors and frowned seeing Torresin instead of Bill standing there with arms folded. 
Jinks frowned as Torresin spoke “Hit the dining room and eat.” 
He obeyed going to the dining room to once again find Sochin typing on a laptop which he went to his food and ate and drank then made a motion to get up only to get a glare from Torresin who pointed a finger at him then at the chair. He watched as Torresin spoke in foreign language while leaning over Sochin typing onto the computer and felt himself disgusted with the situation of the Builders using him for their purposes happening all over again. 
He mentally thought “Not again. The Builders are doing it again using me for their purposes and not sharing that actual reason from me.” 
He heard from Lance “Busy don’t disturb.” 
Jinks mentally spoke “Ugh Meritanians can’t you figure something out to stop the Builders from using me for their own gains? It’s happening again.” 
 He heard nothing from Lance but felt himself bored with Torresin and Sochin’s untranslatable talk. He eyed both Builders as Torresin spoke using the voice and stiffened feeling a rage episode arrived hitting him and felt himself put out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare in his ear jerked up in a sitting position to find himself back in his bedroom looked at the clock seeing the time was again eight o’clock and the date was two days passed. He sighed and felt himself fine enough to get up and hit the bathroom to shower which inside he took his time feeling dread hitting him. He showered thoroughly cleaning himself along with getting the soap and shampoo washed off of him then went out to dry himself. He put on his clothes along with the bullet proof vest then brushed his hair and then stared at himself in the mirror finding he looked the same. He left the bathroom and went to one of his chairs in the room to sit and stare at the doors finding himself not willing to go out of his bedroom. He continued to sit and stare till there he heard a knocking sound followed by the doors opening showing Bill that cleared his throat. 
Jinks stared at Bill who seeing him spoke sounding serious “You’re required to take in nourishment which you’ll find on the dining room table. Failure to do so will require a doctor’s visit which I know you hate such visits.” 
Jinks spoke struggling to remain calm “Is Torresin and his companion Sochin still in the dining room as usual?”
He saw nervousness form on Bill’s face as the butler spoke “Sorry I was ordered not to say.” 
Jinks inhaled a breath and spoke “Dismissed Bill. I’ll come out when I’m ready to do it.” 
He shifted to look away from Bill only to hear the butler speak “I would but you already spent the allotted time allowed for you to spend in your bedroom before eating breakfast so I insist you go to the dining room and eat or I’ll call for the doctor.” 
Jinks spoke “Then call for the doctor. I don’t want to eat if Torresin and Sochin are in the dining room. Since your not saying it to me then their in the dining room anyway so I’m not eating till they leave for good so get out Bill and get the doctor.” 
He saw Bill’s face look more nervous in it before the butler spoke with it in his tone “I insist that you eat. You don’t want to face the doctor’s tests which will knock you down for awhile and are quite a bit strenuous.”
Jinks willed the Master through and spoke “Get out Bill and don’t come back till Torresin and Sochin are gone from my dining room. I’m not eating with them in there and forced to remain there with my freedom restricted.” 
He saw Bill opened his mouth which he added “It’s my home and I do what I want and I’m fed up with doing servant work for people not telling me things fully so get out of here Bill now.”
He leaned back and folded his arms glaring at Bill who faded from view doors shutting which he sighed and rubbed a hand on his forehead only to fall backwards hearing a familiar voice sounding foreign language using the voice and found himself compelled to get up and sit in a chair finding himself in the dining room with again Torresin and Sochin still there. He felt himself annoyed as his stomach rumbled in hunger and ate the food and drank the drink the once done pushed aside the tray making a motion to get up only to get a golden eyed glare from Torresin who kept on conversing with Sochin. Jinks felt himself disgusted adjusted the chair till it was farther away from the table and stuck his legs on the table crossing them while folding his arms glaring at Torresin as if compelled. He felt himself again bored with the Builders’ talk removed his legs only to feel a compulsion to put them back onto the table back in their crossed position. He continued to sit in the chair leaning back eyes on the Builders feeling himself disgusted with what’s going on. 
He mentally yelled “Father, can’t you do anything to stop the Builders from using me again for their nefarious purposes that they refused to say what it is?!”
He heard nothing from Lance recalled that Builders could detect his father talking to him. 
He felt a headache and heard Ramses’ voice speaking in his mind “Horus, what are you doing now?”
He mentally spoke “Stuck in my dining room ignored by Builders conversing with each other and feeling like their using me again for their purposes which they refuse to say what it is.” 
He heard from Ramses “High Council the Builders are at it again using Horus as a weapon hence things going wrong around here.” 
He mentally spoke again “Ramses what’s going on that the Builders used me for?”
He heard silence and felt the headache abruptly left him as he heard Torresin’s voice speaking in foreign language sounding like using the voice followed by a rage episode arriving within him putting him out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a ringing noise groaned jerking open his eyes to stare at a familiar gated ceiling with lights implanted in it. He lurched up in a sitting position looking around finding himself back in a familiar cell room and sensed his clothes were different which he looked down at himself seeing that he was wearing Master army clothe wear in the color of black along with light weight boots on his feet. 
He mentally spoke “Oh no their using me as an assassin again.” 
He heard from Lance “The Builders using you are still obsessed in removing Burke Richardson from office including attempting to assassinate him with you as a weapon. They managed to use the press’s field day focus on the Amula to attempt to do their assassination stunt again by having you demonstrate some elemental powers. They think they’ll have you use those powers along armed with weapons to take out Richardson.”
He mentally spoke “Those Builders don’t know when to quit doing their stunts.” 
He heard from Lance “I know I told the Meritanians that the Builders are still doing that stunt of manipulating your minions into thinking I’m nothing but a dream that should be ignored along with informing them that the Builders are still obsessed with getting rid of Richardson.”
He sensed Lance become silent as the door to the cell slid open which he looked to see a familiar Builder he recognized nicknamed Boo come into the cell flaring golden eyes. Jinks kept his mouth shut as Boo spoke in foreign language using the voice which he felt the Master willed through along with seeing a familiar door in his mind sliding open and stiffened as the Builder continued his chatter sensing something else hitting him. He felt himself confused as Boo stopped talking to point a finger at him which he saw two Human males enter the cell carrying items in their hands. He was handed a mask which he saw was the same as before which he put on along with gloves then handed a syringe gun which he clipped to his belt hook along with a gun he recognized would fire several bullets at one trigger pull. 
Jinks stood up holding the gun as Boo held up a hand holding a device which flashed a hologram picture of Burke Richardson while speaking “This is your target. You’re to get the syringe injected into his neck anywhere on there and use the gun for offense. Shoot to kill if necessary by aiming for the head area if they don’t go down by chest area. Use your abilities involving the source and elemental if you’re disarmed. You’ll be transported to a location to put off the trackers tracking you while we attend to the signal. Just don’t fail this mission you hear me?”
Jinks nodded his head and again heard Boo speaking foreign language sounding like using the voice and found himself standing in a forest which he waited patiently then the scene changed to show a bedroom looking familiar which he cautiously edged towards the bed pulling the syringe gun off his belt hook as if compelled and eyed the figure lying in the bed seeing it appearing to be Burke Richardson. He again felt himself compelled to inject the syringe into the man’s neck which he hoisted the gun by the strap onto his back then grabbed the man’s hair along with injecting the syringe into his neck who woke up gasping out in gibberish as the drug entered him. Jinks kept his hold on Burke’s hair in tight grip as the man struggled against him injecting the syringe into his neck. He kept it up till the syringe was empty the removed it seeing that Burke stopped struggling and was still speaking in gibberish before shutting his eyes and form become still. He hooked the syringe gun onto his belt hook then felt compelled to twist Burke’s head which he obeyed and heard a snapping crack sound and sensed nothing indicating of life from Burke which he stepped back and took the gun off his back aiming it at the doors till the scene changed to show himself back into the cell and facing him was Boo with two Human guards there. Jinks kept his mouth shut as Boo ordered him to give up the guns along with the mask and gloves which he obeyed handing them to the Human guards then heard the Builder order him via voice in foreign language and felt the Master and Darkness willed away as compelled to do it. He exhaled a breath through his mouth as Boo again spoke in foreign language using the voice and he found himself in the penthouse in his bedroom and eyed the clock seeing the time of midnight blared on it with night vision blared in his eyes sight. He sighed and went into the bathroom stripping himself of the Master Army wear then put on his pajama pants then left the bathroom going to his bed which he got in it and pulled the blankets up to his chest and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 
 
Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare its noises groaned and rolled over throwing the blankets over his head. 
He dreamed of Lance who spoke “Jinks get up and face your day will you? You’ll find a way of getting the Builders to stop being obsessed with getting rid of Burke Richardson. Don’t worry about it but the way will show itself.” 
He came to hearing a yowling sound sounding annoyed which he threw off the blankets and glared at the cat sitting on the bed on her haunches that proceeded to meow several times sounding like she was lecturing him from her tone. Jinks groaned and got up from the bed stopping to eye the clock seeing it was a day and night since the assassination of Burke. He sighed and figured that he’ll go shower. 

Jinks came out with disgust running through him dressed in Master army wear clothes and shoes with his hair brushed. 
He mentally spoke “Appears the Builders want to use me for more jobs besides assassinating Burke Richardson.” 
He heard from Lance “Ah Jinks there’s more to the situation than it appears.” 
He frown feeling himself confused and before he could make a question heard a door knocking sound loudly focused on the doors to see them open followed by Bill entering the room clearing his throat. 
Jinks groaned softly as Bill spoke “Your allotted time is up. Go to the dining room and eat period or I’ll send for the doctor.” 
He groaned again and walked by the butler going to the dining room to find Boo standing over Sochin’s shoulder typing onto the lap top while there was food in dishware on a tray on the table nearby. He went to sit and ate the food feeling himself ravenously hungry then gulped down the drink before getting up walking out of the room only to feel compelled to walk back and sit which he obeyed to his disgust and sat down glaring at the Builders. He felt his feet thrust onto the table with his legs on it crossed and arms forced into a folded position. He continued to glare at Boo and Sochin as he mentally willed the Master through and waved a hand ordering the Builders to sleep. He found his order obeyed and saw Boo hit the floor as Sochin slumped over. Jinks got up and darted towards the two Builders grabbing each of their heads twisting it then sensed that they were still out unconscious. He grabbed Sochin and Boo by the arms hauling them to the dining room entrance then hauled them out to the elevator doors to frown as he saw them open followed by Torresin walking out that spoke in foreign language using the voice and he felt sleepiness groaned dropping the two Builders then hit the floor going unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a ringing sound jerked open his eyes groaning of pain to feel a familiar restraint pain of electricity hitting him while lying on a bed eyes on the familiar ceiling of a cell. He felt himself chained exhaled a breath through his mouth and groaned softly followed by Boo’s face coming into view flaring golden eyes. 
Boo he stared at spoke “You will cooperate with us and our orders or we’ll take out our anger at your refusal on your son Robert and daughter Victoria who will suffer harshly for your behavior. Now cooperate or those two will get hurt period.” 
He groaned softly as Boo paused to give him a glare which he nodded his head and heard from the Builder foreign language using the voice and stiffened as he felt himself compelled to charge his body of electricity and mentally ordered his body to do it and found the device on his neck off of him as were the chains and he sat up. 
Jinks stared at Boo who stepped back speaking “Eat now.” 
He spied a table holding a tray filled with dishware of food obeyed to get up from the bed going to sit on a stool and ate the food finding himself ravenously hungry enough to eat all of it along with gulping down the drink. He frowned as a memory of assassinating Burke Richardson flashed in his mind along with the man speaking gibberish which he realized was speaking some foreign language. He got up from the stool and stood with arms folded staring at Boo who spoke foreign language using the voice which he felt the Darkness willed forwards and unfolded his arms. He continued to stare at Boo as two Human men entered the room holding their familiar objects of mask and gloves which he was given to put on. He didn’t protest as he was given the syringe gun he clipped to his belt hook along with the bullet gun he held in his hand then stood staring at Boo who held up a device showing a picture of a male he stiffened with shock recognizing him as Burke Richardson. 
Jinks continued to stiffen as Boo spoke “This is your target. You’re to inject him with the syringe anywhere on his neck and then snap his neck and make sure he stays dead period. Remember what I said about the projectile gun use the bullets wisely and aim for the head period. You’ll be transported to a location where we will wreck up your tracker and then transported to the targeted location.” 
Jinks felt himself nodding his head as if compelled then held the gun in a tight grip followed by hearing Boo speaking foreign language using the voice and then found himself standing in the middle of a forest clearing with daylight in his eyes sight. He heard a howling sound that sounded sinister stiffened followed by finding himself in a hospital room with doors shut in it. He looked around cuing his senses for anything and found nothing wrong with his surroundings and spotted a male lying on a hospital bed wearing an oxygen mask which he saw was Burke Richardson. Jinks edged towards Burke as if compelled and pulled off the syringe and with compulsion hitting him injected the contents into the man’s neck that didn’t wake up from that then hooked the gun back onto his gun belt. He grabbed Burke’s head and gave it a snapping twist sensing nothing but deadness hitting the man to see the male’s body fall apart into dust like ash leaving nothing left then he stepped back from the bed and waited to find himself back into his cell facing Boo who used the voice to order the Darkness and Master away from him. Jinks without a protest gave up his gun weapons along with gloves and mask then frowned staring at Boo who still used the voice found himself in his bedroom hearing the alarm clock blare its noises which he sighed and went into the bathroom. He eyed the sink counter with disgust finding no new clothes on it and felt himself annoyed which he put on the clothes he discarded along with the boots then brushed his hair and walked out of the bathroom going to the bedroom doors yanking them open to find Bill looking nervous standing there. 
Jinks spoke “Don’t tell me you’re not ordered to say what’s going on around here.” 
He glared at Bill that spoke in a nervous tone “Sorry I have my orders.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust left Bill walking down the hallway and entered the dining room to again find Boo there with Sochin typing on the lap top both sounding like they were conversing in their untranslatable foreign language. Jinks went to sit down and found a cup sitting on the table holding pink liquid which he gulped down and then leaned back in the chair glaring at Boo who ignored him but felt compelled to continue sitting. He felt himself tired yawned loudly and felt himself still ignored folded his arms and shut his eyes to dream like a memory of assassinating Burke the first time. 
He frowned as Burke instead of speaking foreign language spoke in Summeran “The game is bigger than the both of us, Master. I’m not just their intended target but a hindrance removed. Be warned of this, Master that they’ll do what it takes to achieve their goal and don’t care if people die in the process of this. Your enemies will be your allies who have the power to help your loyal ones achieve their goals of removing them. Be careful of them Master.” 
The dream went black as he came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder jerked opened his eyes lurching up into a standing position with a confused expression on his face. He felt the hand remove itself from his shoulder which he looked to see Bill standing there that had nervousness in his eyes but some expression on his face that suggested that he was trying to conceal the emotion. 
Jinks spoke “Excuse me for falling asleep. I haven’t gotten my required hours I think.” 
He frowned he heard Boo speak “Dismissed butler.”
Jinks watched as Bill faded from view and shifted to stare at Boo who spoke “You slept more than enough Mr. Montreal. I don’t find it amusing that the Meritanians are putting you to sleep literally when it’s not necessary.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Boo paused to glare at him while pointing a finger at him and then at the chair which he figured that the Builder wanted him to sit down which he obeyed and found himself ignored by the Builders conversing in their untranslatable language to each other. Jinks felt himself bored with their talk again felt the sleepiness sighed and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who didn’t look happy from the expression on his face. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “The Meritanians recently informed me of the passing of Burke Richardson which I know you had a hand in his death.” 
He formed a frown on his lips feeling no emotion come to him as Lance paused from talking to clear his throat then continued “I’m not sure how Burke’s people are going to announce his passing to the public. There’s no body for a funeral to be displayed due to that Destroyers after they die their bodies cremate themselves into ashes. They probably would say something along the lines of Burke’s body being cremated right away and then ashes spread some place just to give him privacy due to holding a public position. I don’t know.”
Jinks nodded his head as Lance paused followed by his father again speaking “I suspect people had an ulterior motive freeing your son and daughter from the tubes they were sleeping in. It’s to use them as leverage into making you do things which they’ll suffer if you refuse. Ugh.” 
Jinks again kept his mouth shut as he felt no emotion come to him as Lance paused from talking to forced his eyes shut which he came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder and hearing a growling noise. He jerked open his eyes to look off his left seeing that the hand’s owner was Bill who removed it then faded from view. Jinks looked at Boo who was flaring golden eyes and looking furiously angry while giving off a growling noise. He saw Sochin turn around and spoke in foreign language use the voice followed by Boo shaking his head and stopped growling while stopping the golden eyed look that shifted to face the Builder. Jinks frowned as Sochin spoke in foreign language not using the voice followed by Boo speaking to him then he watched as Sochin twisted his form and resumed typing onto the laptop with Boo still leaning over him. Jinks again felt himself bored with no urge to sleep hitting him folded his arms and recalled Burke’s words to him that had him confused on what Richardson meant. He continued to frown as he felt himself falling backwards hitting metal floor and felt his arms grabbed by familiar hands from the feel and lifted up to a standing position finding himself in the High Council’s throne room. Jinks felt himself happy being there which shocked him as he noticed Ajax nearby holding Jixi in his arms. 
He felt the happiness stop as he felt calmness hitting him as Shad spoke “Well welcome back, Horus.” 
He kept himself calm as Onya spoke “We heard something very interesting on the mainland involving someone named Burke Richardson you know him hmm?”
Jinks spoke “I know him as the current King.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as Onya again spoke “yes we know of him holding the position except the news said that he passed away abruptly which spies are saying that his people are debating on whether to say his death was by assassination or natural causes. We suspect certain people will manipulate the situation to settle this debate. Also it’s too bad that the First Ones don’t have a replacement handy to take his place. His opponent was assassinated off by car explosion which we admit had nothing to do with it.” 
Jinks stiffened sensing that the speaker’s words were the truth and not a lie spoke “There’s something sinister going on isn’t there?”
He clamped his mouth shut as Shad spoke “Yes it appears there’s something like that due to that we were pointed as the ones responsible for assassinating off Donald Marshall, opponent of Burke Richardson in the King position race. We suspected there’s something going on which was confirmed by the death of Burke Richardson due to that both men weren’t First Ones but part of the race dubbed Destroyers enemy of the Builders. What do you think about this hmm?”
Jinks spoke “Interesting.”
He felt a headache and heard Ramses’ voice speaking sounding in his mind “High Council certain people have been detected getting antsy for Horus to return to them. Their patience is reaching their limits and their insisting that I transport Horus back to them ugh.” 
He heard Shad speak “By all means transport Horus back.” 
He felt the Falcons release their hold on his arms and blinked his eyes to feel cloth covering his eyes along with a familiar device placed on his forehead and hearing a voice sounding like a Builder speaking in foreign language using the voice that didn’t seem familiar followed by sleepiness hitting him and he sagged feeling hands grabbing his arms as the cloth continued to cover his eyes and he felt himself going unconscious. 

Jinks came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder sensed himself sitting in a chair that felt familiar like his dining room chair and jerked open his eyes feeling nothing covering them or a device on his forehead. He looked around finding himself in his dining room with Bill removing his hand from his shoulder then fading from view. Jinks looked at Boo who resumed leaning over Sochin while again speaking in foreign language. 
He mentally spoke “What was that situation of covering my eyes, putting a device on my forehead and putting me to sleep?”
He heard from Lance “Ramses transported you to a location I suspect was where the Builders gather with their leader to discuss things. The device was to block others from finding out their location while they knock you out and have you transported elsewhere. They didn’t find it amusing having you there and ordered the plants to not to transport you there again without their voice order.” 
Jinks heard a loud throat clearing noise focused on Boo looking at him which the Builder spoke “Something you want to say Mr. Montreal?”
He heard from Lance “Do you mind? I’m trying to have a conversation with my son here so butt out Mr. Builder.” 
Jinks saw Boo’s eyes narrow with a glare in them before the Builder spoke “Interesting, Ramses but save the conversation for later. I have a job for you Mr. Montreal.” 
Jinks felt dread hitting him as two lights show flashed besides Boo showing two males holding objects in their hands he recognized as mask, gloves, syringe gun and bullet gun which he was handed and put on the clothing items then stood up holding the projectile weapon. He stood waiting as Boo spoke in foreign language using the voice and found the Master and Darkness willed forwards within him. He felt no emotion hitting him making him dread the job as Boo held up a familiar device and a hologram of a female Human wearing a red business suit appeared showing her mid walk on a sidewalk. 
He heard from Boo “This is your target. You’re to inject her with the syringe in the chest over the heart area and make sure it’s not her female body part when you aim it at. Besides once done twist her head and break her neck. Remember to use the projectile gun for defense and aim for the legs if the chest and head areas don’t bring them down.”
He felt himself compelled to nod his head obeyed doing the compulsion as Boo added “We’ll transport you someplace to just to wreck up your tracker then transport you to your targeted location.”
He again nodded his head on his own without compulsion and listened as Boo spoke foreign language using the voice and found himself on a beach with no one in sight but the ocean waters moving over it. He gripped the gun in his hands and waited as the scene changed to show a bedroom which he heard a shower running sound coming from a doorway. He entered the doorway to find a bathroom with a shower stall and a female figure misted behind the door. He went to the door and yanked it open surprising the female who gasped of shock which he thrust out the gun whacking her on the head hard and thrust her form onto the stall wall finding her going unconscious from that. He hauled her out of the stall with one hand then dropped her on the floor. 
Jinks heard a voice speaking unsure if it’s in his mind or by ears “Don’t do this! There’s another way out of the situation!”
He hesitated and felt compelled to inject her with the syringe unhooked it from his belt hook then put the needle in the targeted area and again hesitated when he heard the voice speaking repeating its words. Jinks stared at the woman with a frown finding nothing familiar about her then felt a compulsion to press the trigger obeyed finding the syringe’s drug going into the woman. He pulled out the syringe and hooked it onto his belt then hoisted the gun onto his back and reached with both hands towards the woman’s head only to feel his senses blare warning as an hand touched his forehead from behind followed by a feeling of a needle injected into his neck which he felt sleepiness to feel the drug take hold and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a ringing noise sounding like an alarm clock to him jerked open his eyes. He found himself sitting in a chair with his wrists tied behind him by rope from the feel and a familiar object on his forehead. Jinks looked around sensing himself underneath a spotlight with inky darkness surrounding it. He saw with shock two figures in the edge of the spotlight were Ajax holding Jixi who both were staring at him before his son shifted his head to look passed him staring at something then he heard a familiar Builder voice speaking using the voice and foreign language and fell backwards to find himself on a floor. He swung himself up breaking off the rope to find himself in the dining room of the penthouse to face Boo and Sochin typing on the lap top. He felt an irritation went to the dining room entrance only to get blocked by Bill that continued to block his way. 
He heard Boo’s voice behind him speaking “I didn’t tell you to leave Mr. Montreal.” 
Jinks turned around and spoke “I need to hit the bathroom.”
He glared at Boo who spoke “You will submit to the doctor a sample of yourself for testing due to that we’re aware that you were drugged.” 
He didn’t complain as he felt Bill’s hand on his forehead removing the device then the gestured to leave by Boo which he darted out of the dining room heading to the bedroom which he swung open the doors to find a male Human wearing scrubs flashed eyes of a Builder that held up a cup with a cap and pointed a finger at him. He nodded his head and took the cup then went into the bathroom. 

Jinks came out carrying the cup and handed it to the doctor who spoke words in foreign language using the voice disappearing in a flash of light. He sighed and eyed the bed only to feel compelled to leave the room going to the hallway which he obeyed finding himself going to the dining room to sit and found himself obeying. He sat staring at Boo converse to Sochin then felt a headache arrive within him placed hands covering his eyes shutting them as a vision came to his eyes sight. He saw Boo walking out of the darkness into a spot light with anger on his face flaring golden eyes that stopped and kneeled on one knee at the edge of the spotlight. He saw the eyes sight view shift to show a female form wearing black dress and a hood covering her face only showing her lips seen with arms bare that appeared to be fully white. He watched as she appeared to glide up to Boo putting a hand on the Builder’s forehead who jerked his head up shutting his eyes then opened them while lowering his head showing some dreamy look on his face. He continued to watch as the female glided back into position and then watched Boo get up and leave walking into the darkness. 
He saw the female turn to face the eyes sight a female voice speaking heard “Evan.”
The vision went black as Jinks opened his eyes removing his hands while staring at them. 
He heard Boo’s voice speaking “Mr. Montreal what did you see?”
Instead of answering Jinks eyed his nails seeing that they didn’t look rounded Human like but were shaped like claws. He felt no emotion hitting him as he brought his hands onto the table as Boo repeated his question in a firm tone which he ignored. Jinks dug his nails into the table with such force brought them towards him in a quick move making scratching marks onto the table. 
He heard from Sochin “Oh by Edenia.” 
He ignored Sochin to hear Boo speak “Sochin continue your work and ignore that.”
Jinks got up and walked towards the dining room entrance only to be blocked by Bill who spoke “You need to stay and wait for your food to be ready.” 
Jinks grabbed Bill by the jacket and threw him towards the wall that fell hitting it with a loud grunt. He walked out of the dining room going to the gym room opening the doors to see Barry inside who narrowed his eyes in an apparent scrutiny look. 
Jinks snarled out “What do you want now?”
He glared at Barry who spoke “Nothing, carry on what you want to do. I came to talk to the Builders. This room was the only room that the Meritanians could transport me here so excuse me.” 
He stepped aside as Barry walked passed him thumping his cane entering the hallway. Jinks went into the room and fell into a perfect split then proceeded to do his stretching exercises followed by swinging himself up and did his familiar Kata ignoring anything around him till a hand grabbed his arm breaking him of the reverie. Jinks snarled out some growl grabbed the hand’s owner by the neck and stared at Bill which he released his choke hold who removed his hand. 
He glared at Bill who spoke “Your food is ready as ordered. Sorry for the interruption but my noises wasn’t getting your attention.” 
He glared at Bill and walked passed the butler going into the hallway and went to the dining room to see Boo look at him with nervousness in his eyes as he went to sit down and took in the nourishment gobbling up the food along with gulping down the drinks. 
He finished got up from the table and heard Boo speak sounding not sure of himself “I didn’t say you could leave.”
Jinks gave up a loud angry roaring noise and growled loudly which he focused his eyes on Boo who showed fear on his face. He pointed a finger towards Boo and waved it then lowered it and walked out of the dining room going to his bedroom which once inside he went to his bed adjusting his pillow to sit leaning back against the headboard and shut his eyes feeling himself needing to sleep and passed out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare its noises ignored the sound and felt a hand shaking his shoulder which he jerked open his eyes feeling anger hitting him. 
He glared at the hand’s owner he saw was Bill who spoke “You’re wanted in the dining room”
Jinks eyed the clock seeing the time was six o’clock in the morning spoke “Bathroom.” 
He felt Bill remove his hand as the butler spoke “Sorry no time you’re wanted for a job that must be done soon as possible.” 
He gave up a growling sound and saw Bill form nervousness on his face and eyes as he got up from the bed and walked passed the butler going out the bedroom to the hallway which he took to the dining room finding food ready for him along with various people in the room. He sat and ate the food along with drinking it seeing Boo and Sochin still in the room along with a Highlander male seated that looked nervous as his eyes fell on him. He eyed Boo that gave him a fear look when he stared at the Builder before finishing his food and got up from the table. 
Boo he stared at spoke sounding nervous “Alright give him what he needs.” 
He saw two Human males in the room holding his familiar objects which he put on the clothes. He put on the syringe on his belt hook and held the bullet gun in his hands. 
He eyed Boo who spoke with fear in his voice while holding up a device that flashed a hologram of a woman “This is your target. You’re to inject her with the syringe over the heart area on the chest and make sure it’s not her private part area once done break her neck and make sure to use the projectile gun’s bullets wisely.” 
He nodded his head and heard Boo add “You’ll be transported to some place where we’ll scramble your tracker then transported to your target’s location.”
He again nodded his head and waited as Boo spoke in foreign language using the voice and found himself standing on a beach sensing himself alone on it. He eyed the water to see part of it rise up like a big wave which he smelled something odd along with sensing a life form in the water and blinked his eyes finding himself in a hospital room which he cued his senses finding no alarms were blared. He looked around finding nothing to indicate of an alarm or anyone in the room which he saw the female was laying on the bed wearing an oxygen mask on the lower half of her face. He went to her hoisting his gun and unhooked the syringe only to stiffen as his senses blare warning while feeling a prick of a needle hitting home in his neck followed by sleepiness which he dropped the gun onto the floor and fell towards it feeling himself to weak to stand. He felt himself passing out unconscious only to dream of facing Lance who hugged him abruptly. Jinks didn’t protest to the hug keeping his hands to his sides as Lance stopped hugging him to stare at him with some narrowed eyed look with his blue eyes appearing to be scrutinizing him. 
Jinks stared at Lance who spoke “Jinks a pity of what happened to you. Don’t worry it’ll stop for good and you’ll be fine again.” 
He felt no emotion hitting him as Lance forced his eyes shut and he came to hearing a ringing sound jerked open his eyes to find himself seated in a chair wrists handcuffed behind him with his head and hands bare and looked around to spot Ajax holding Jixi in sight off the edge of a spotlight shining overhead him. He eyed the two to stare at them while giving off a growling sound feeling an angry feeling hitting him as he glared at them. He watched as Jixi stared at him before staring at his father who shifted his head to look passed him then turned and walked out of sight. Jinks continued to growl broke the handcuffs and stood up only to blink his eyes finding himself standing off an edge of a spotlight seeing a female figure wearing black dress and a hood covering her head only her lips looking red and bare arms appearing white were bared seen. He stiffened recognizing her from his vision to look off his left to see a male chained by chains holding his arms above him with a look of familiarity in his face and clothes looking at him with some look on the male’s face that made him think it was sinister. 
He eyed the female which he heard a female voice unsure of his mind or ears speaking “Come to me.”
Jinks felt his feet become deadweight refusing to move as the female voice repeated her words he felt himself balking coming nearer to the female till the voice sounded loudly saying “Evan, stop it now.” 
He heard the angry tone in it as a woman in his mind lying on a floor wearing a peasant dress flashed. He stiffened as the woman in his mind was identified as Eve by his mind recognizing her and felt himself wondering what was her importance. He stared at the hooded female which he again heard the voice speaking her come to her command again felt his feet remained deadweight. 
He heard a male voice sounding familiar speaking in a laughing tone “I warned you that he won’t do your orders. He is controlled by a higher power that is more powerful than you are.” 
He looked at the male to see that the man was glaring at the female by the look on his face and shifted to stare at the female who glided towards him which he felt himself walking backwards away from her as she continued towards him. He watched as she halted as he halted followed by her gliding backwards which he walked forwards till his feet became deadweight again and stared at the female sensing nothing coming from her. 
Jinks watched as the female turned her head towards the chained male which he again heard the male voice speaking “I warned you, Eve.” 
He stiffened hearing the name eyed the male that was glaring at the female with a sinister look on his face as he shifted to look at the female who looked at him holding up a hand curling in a fist. 
He sensed nothing to hit his senses from the woman’s fisted hand continued to stare at her and again heard the female voice speaking “Evan, stop it now.”
Jinks again heard the male voice speak “I warned you of this. He is controlled by a higher power more powerful than your pathetic powers combined.” 
Jinks heard the female voice sounding angry “Evan cease now.”
He again heard the male voice speak “I’m not doing it. I can’t do a thing while in this position. You know that and stop being in denial about it.” 
He heard a growling noise sounding loudly and stiffened recognizing the noises coming from himself as he held up a hand and mentally ordered the female to choke and found himself standing in his bedroom which he willed the choking order to stop. 
He looked around and found Bill standing in the doorway looking nervous who spoke “You’re wanted in the dining room.” 
Jinks growled out “Bathroom.” 
He darted inside the bathroom feeling an irritation hitting him. 

Jinks came out of the bathroom feeling himself much better and saw Bill still standing in the doorway which he walked out of the bedroom passed the butler and went to the dining room to find Boo who looked with nervousness along Sochin who gave him a shocked expression on his face before resuming typing on the laptop. Jinks gave up a growling sound as he sat down in a chair and thrust his legs onto the table crossing them while folding his arms glaring at Boo who looked bugged eyed seeing his actions. He continued to growl eyes on Boo who formed nervousness in them before looking away to peer over Sochin’s shoulder. Jinks felt himself falling backwards onto metal floor and felt his arms grabbed by familiar hands which he growled an annoyed sound as he was raised to a standing position and faced the High Council to see the speakers abruptly lower their heads while the group behind them waggled their heads and waved their hands in random gestures. He continued to growl glaring at the High Council as they ceased their movements followed by the speakers raising their heads. He glared as a light show flashed off his right and looked to see Barry who spoke in foreign language using the voice sounding lengthy and felt the Master and Darkness willed away from him followed by tears spilling from his eyes as a feeling of sadness hit him. He struggled to not cry out as Barry continued his voice chatter while feeling something inside him burst and felt ranges of emotions hitting him all at once while his eyes continued to water and burst out wailing nonsense sounds as his eyes continued to drip tears. He continued to cry wailing till his throat became raw as the tears stopped and sighed feeling himself much better as Barry ceased his chatter. 
He eyed the High Council as Shad spoke “Ramses transport Horus back to his home now and make sure he can sleep this off.” 
He felt the Falcons release their hold onto his arms and found himself in his bedroom feeling sleepiness hitting him eyed his bed which he went to it laying his form on it and punched the pillow shutting his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

He dreamed of the hooded female standing underneath the spotlight as Boo walked into view looking nervous by the expression on the Builder’s face that dropped to one knee. 
He watched as Boo spoke sounding nervous “The attacks were anticipated due to the weapon found drugged with some drug that is created by a plant found in one of the islands owned by the Drainers. I believe that the attacker has an alliance with the Drainers due to that the plant is not found anywhere else except this island owned by them. The Drainers I should tell you have been very violent to anyone touching their isle territory even causing death to visitors hence the assumption of an alliance.” 
He heard a female voice sounding angry speaking “Evan, you told the Meritanians didn’t you?”
He heard a male voice speaking “You would know of me talking to them from our closely connected status sister dear so put your blame elsewhere.” 
He saw Boo shifted to look at his eyes sight which he figured was from the chained male before the Builder continued to stare at the female with fear on his face. 
He heard the female voice speak “Nevertheless find a way of eliminating the target I told you to do and use whatever means to do it even if it’s some other way than using the weapon.”
He saw Boo nod his head before the female waved a hand and saw the Builder get up walking out of sight in the inky darkness. He continued to watch as the dream went black and heard a sound of an alarm clock blare its noises which he came to opening his eyes lurching up in a sitting position to feel a hand touching his shoulder. He looked off his left to find no one in sight but felt the hand grip his shoulder tightly before removing itself. He frowned as his senses remained silent not warning him of anything which he eyed the clock seeing the time of seven o’clock blared on it. Jinks got up and heard a door knocking sound followed by the doors opening along with a throat clearing noise. 
He looked at the doorway with irritation running through him to see Bill who spoke “You’re wanted in the dining room immediately.” 
Jinks gave up a growl and went out of the bedroom passed the butler going to the hallway which he took to the dining room finding Boo inside along with Sochin typing on the lap top. He sat and found food in dishware on a tray on the table which he felt himself hungry ravenously ate the food and gulped down the drink the leaned back staring at Boo who grimaced forming nervousness on his face while sensing him staring. 
He continued to stare at Boo who spoke loudly “Alright, Mr. Montreal hit the gym room and practice now.” 
He heard the nervousness in Boo’s tone obeyed getting up and walking out of the dining room going to the gym room which he yanked opened the doors to see Barry inside. 
Barry spoke “Excuse me I’m here to talk to the Builders in the dining room.” 
He stepped aside watching as Barry walked passed him and entered the hallway which he went into the gym room and sat down doing his stretching exercises followed by getting up with a karate move and did his familiar Kata along with drills then ended with a bow towards the open doorway to find Missy sitting crouched in the hallway that gave up a meow sounding annoyed. He left the gym room and went to Missy bending down offering his hand to her and allowed her to sniff it before she gave up a yowl and darted down the hallway heading towards his bedroom which he straightened up his form and looked to see Barry coming down the hallway in the opposite direction while thumping his cane. 
He eyed Barry who reached him spoke “Interesting that the One has been manipulating things again hence your attacks on the female target anticipated.” 
He frown feeling himself confused as Barry paused to clear his throat then continued talking “There are others deathless like you living among the Humans which they are still around but hiding and manipulating things to their purposes.” 
He felt himself further confused as Barry gave him a familiar look which he spoke “Ugh Barry what happened to me to make me feel this way?”
He stared at Barry who spoke “Ah don’t worry about it, Jinks. The time for you to know will arrive once it’s proper. Excuse me while I leave.” 
He stared at Barry who spoke using the voice while speaking in foreign language and disappeared in a flash of light. 
Jinks sighed and saw Bill appear in front of him while speaking “You’re wanted in the dining room.” 
He obeyed going to the dining room to see Boo and Sochin still inside which he went to sit down and watched the Builders converse sensing them seemed nervous to see him by the looks they gave him. 
He frowned as Boo spoke addressing him “Stand up Mr. Montreal.” 
He obeyed and heard Boo speaking using the voice in foreign language and found himself standing off the edge of a spotlight facing a familiar hooded female who glided towards him which he felt himself walking backwards away from her. He paused from walking as she stopped followed by her gliding backwards which he walked towards her. 
He heard a male voice speak “I warned you Eve several times. Did you bother to listen to me? No so next time listen when I warn you of something. He is controlled by a higher power more powerful than you are than you can imagine.” 
Jinks frowned as he heard a female voice speak “Evan, cease your talk now.” 
He heard silence as he eyed the female to hold up a hand fisting it while mentally ordering her to choke as if compelled to do it despite not having the Master in control. He heard a choking noise and saw the female’s arms go to her throat rubbing it repeatedly over and over while hearing a howling noise that sounded familiar. He continued to choke the female as the howling noise continued getting louder and louder till he blinked his eyes and found himself standing in his bedroom and lowered his hand. He eyed the doors to see Bill standing there that looked like he had pain on his face by the male grimacing. Jinks frowned as Bill continued to grimace followed by an angry look on the butler’s face while flaring golden eyes and speaking in foreign language using the voice. He frowned as he heard Bill’s voice was joined by various’ voices sounding in male and female tones using the voice and foreign language while hearing a screaming sound loudly before being cut off. He heard sinister laughter then it stopped followed by Bill and the various’ voices continued chattering which he walked up to the butler and waved a hand in front of the male’s face that appeared to not acknowledge it. His senses warned him not to touch Bill which he slipped passed the butler going to the hallway and went to the dining room to hear chatter sounds within which he looked to see both Sochin and Boo were there speaking in unison in foreign language while using the voice with zoned out expressions on their faces and golden eyes. He frowned to go sit down in a chair and watched both Builders chatter before finding himself bored got up and attending to go to the library only to blink his eyes finding himself facing the hooded female again with his feet feeling like deadweight refusing to go near her. He eyed the female that held up a hand and fisted it and frowned as a bright light flashed in front of him but nothing appeared in its place as the light again continue to flash. He eyed the light to see it shaped like a shield in front of him as the female lowered her hand and removed her hood showing her face which he stiffened with recognition seeing her as Eve the woman he mated with in his past that later went insane. 
He stared at Eve seeing her eyes were golden Builder colored who narrowed them and heard a male voice speaking loudly “Free me now.”
Jinks saw Eve shifted to look off her right with an annoyed look on her face as he looked to see the chained male. He felt a compulsion to free the male from his chains obeyed hearing a howling sound behind him as he freed the male whose eyes flared golden followed by hearing a sinister laugh sounding loudly. Jinks stood next to the male Evan he assumed was Eve’s twin brother who placed a hand on his shoulder the raised a hand fisted aiming it at a direction in the darkness. 
He heard a female voice scream “No don’t do this!”
Jinks frowned as he smelled something familiar found himself in his bedroom and saw Bill in the room still looking the same as ever and chattering away. 
He frowned as he heard a male voice sounding in his mind sounding familiar “Will the source through and order the butler to sleep now.” 
He obeyed and mentally waved a hand ordering Bill to sleep and heard a shrieking sound of pain as the butler crashed to the floor followed by more shrieking sounds of pain sounding he heard. Jinks again found himself standing facing Eve to see her brother lying on the floor appearing to be unconscious which she had an angry look on her face glaring at him. 
He heard a female voice speak “You ruined everything you bastard. You’ll pay for this with the loss of what you hold dear period.” 
He stiffened as Eve jerked her head aside looking off her left followed by looking off her right which he saw scratch marks on her cheek. He frowned as she darted around in a circle while seeing her jerk her form appearing to be scratched all over by a hidden form. He continued to watch as she faced him with scratch marks on her face along with her arms and swayed her form rolling her eyes followed by falling to the floor appearing to go unconscious. Jinks watched as Evan got up from the floor and picked up Eve slinging her over his shoulder then disappeared in a flash of light and he blinked his eyes to discover himself standing in his bedroom seeing Bill getting up from the floor shaking his head. 
Jinks frowned as Bill looked at him with a confused expression which he shrugged as the butler spoke “I was ordered to have you go to the dining room.” 
He nodded his head and walked passed Bill into the hallway which he went to the dining room to pause seeing the familiar Builders looking at him with relieved expressions on their faces as Sochin closed up the laptop and got up walking out of the room followed by Boo.  
Jinks exhaled a breath to hear a familiar voice behind him speaking “Hit the library now.”
He recognized the voice as Barry’s turned around to see the Builder was there which he walked out of the dining room sensing the male following and went into the library. He shut the doors behind Barry and watched as the Builder went to sit down giving off a loud sighing sound before gesturing for him to sit down which he obeyed twisting his form to look at the male. 
Barry he stared at spoke “Alright there are two people who have the deathless status like you do also known are twins a male named Evan and a female named Eve. Eve is the one you mated with back then that produced her mental illness and son Evan who’s in the High Council’s hands in some suspended animation sleep. Eve wound up healed by the Meritanians but left her side effect of a mental power ability to control people especially Builders into doing her bidding. She’s been doing this for awhile till she started manipulating people into serving her which recently happened. Her motives are to gain more control of people to serve her whims. As for her brother he interfered and wound up chained as a result but he is equal to her in mental power ability but she’s stronger than he is due to having more experience in it. Eve was trying to use you as a weapon to assassinate people but the One interfered and prevented another death from happening after sensing Burke Richardson die.” 
Jinks spoke as Barry paused “Who’s the One you’re referring to?”
He frowned as Barry looked at him and spoke “The One is short for the All Seeing One and deity lord of all of us. The One was currently using one of us deathless people as a vessel to communicate to the world and communicated through Alexei to stop the assassination of Burke’s replacement which was prevented. Alexei used someone your familiar with to stop you called Eric, remember him?”
He stiffened as an image of a male Human with tan skin, short black hair, golden eyes and wearing a blue jumpsuit flashed in his mind to nod his head recalling his time with Eric years ago. 
He stared at Barry who continued talking “Ok since you remember him well the One used Eric to stop Eve from causing any further harm with the Builders under her control by having him scratch her with his poisonous claws repeatedly while in some hidden state. He managed to knock her out and got Evan to wake up to bring his sister to the Zesky hospital where Eve will be placed in a life tube after given the antidote to the poison. Eve at the moment isn’t in the right frame of mind to live among the natives due to what she caused happened around here hence she put in a life tube. Her brother I think will be placed in life tube just to keep him alive and to keep him around to fight Eve if she gets free and starts doing her manipulating again.”
Jinks again nodded his head and frowned as Barry gave him a familiar look which he spoke recalling something “I’m curious as to how Eric controlled his angry rages from interfering with his jobs he’s doing for the One.” 
He frowned staring at Barry who spoke “Ah that controlling is a result of a new medical device invented for Eric to permanently wear to control his rages as in preventing them from interfering with his life as he lives normally as he wishes. Eric as you should know has been employed by Alexei who has him serving him to do things around the hospital as payment for his medical device. This employment is Alexei’s way of keeping an eye on Eric and keeping him safe from harm including keeping others safe from him.”
He again got the familiar look from Barry which he spoke “Oh just curious who’s the woman that replaced Burke from his position after his passing?”
He frowned as Barry spoke “Turns out to be a female Builder, a senator named Jeanette Knight from California who Burke picked for the job of replacing him by letters he wrote to the senators just after your first assassination attempt on his life. I’m not kidding about her last name she’s married to a descendant of yours and has three sons.” 
He sighed loudly hearing Barry’s words only to get the familiar look which he spoke “Just relieved that I won’t be doing any assassination attempts again. Ugh it wasn’t pleasant doing it.” 
He saw Barry nod his head with his face remained the same and he added “I prefer to not assassinate people unless it’s necessary when it involves saving my life. I do mind what happened to me causing me to feel like some emotionless machine doing things without remorse. It sucks having that happen, Hmph.”
He paused as Barry spoke “Actually that emotionless machine status was caused by a Charon possessing you that you kicked out and wound up like that. The High Council figured this out and ordered me to use my voice to get rid of the machine you call it away from you which worked and your seemingly normal for now.” 
Jinks gave up a loud sigh hearing that as Barry gave him his familiar look which he spoke “Oh don’t tell me I owe the High Council a debt?”
He frowned as Barry spoke “That debt was paid by the High Council helping you for you helping them with their food issue. I had to remind the group of this debt to be paid when it appeared that you were a machine. It was them who came up with the idea of getting rid of the machine making you back to normal and now I assumed that the High Council will lay off trying to torture you for awhile I’m hoping.”
He nodded his head and fell backwards onto metal floor and again felt hands grab his arms that he saw belonged to the Falcons and didn’t protest as he was hauled to a standing position. Jinks felt himself annoyed as he glared at the High Council. 
He heard Shad speak with sarcasm “Welcome back Horus. It’s nice to see you alive and well after this ridiculous situation happening with some female mind walker who is power mad. Hmph she should know better than to use her powers for manipulating you which we don’t appreciate. Only we can manipulate you and don’t appreciate others doing it period.” 
He clamped his mouth in a thin line as Shad stopped talking followed by Onya speaking “Ah Ramses transport him to Isle number six inside the volcano now.”
He felt the Falcons release their hold on his arms to find himself back in the penthouse in his gym room facing Bill flaring golden eyes and hearing a loud excited meow sound and felt a cat body rubbing against his leg. 
He spoke “Let me guess Missy yowled again.” 
He stared at Bill who nodded his head and then the butler spoke “Rest assured that the Meritanians won’t try to transport you to isle number six due to that there’s some nasty gonoid detected living there called a T-Rex that has an attitude of eating anything that moves including manoids as well.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth and then inhaled air and spoke “Um what time is it now? I’m thinking I could use a shower and get myself out of these clothes.” 
He stared at Bill who held up his arm and pulled it back looking at a gold wristband on it which he figured was a watch and then the butler spoke “Oh its around one o’clock in the afternoon now. I have to go get some clothes for you to wear from out of the penthouse so you can get out of the uniform your wearing.” 
Jinks groaned loudly as Bill lowered his wrist and cocked his head then added “I’ll see about doing that now so shower and you’ll find the clothes on your bed once I get them excuse me.” 
He watched as Bill faded from view and with a sigh walked out of the gym room to frown finding himself in a jungle which he looked around and felt annoyance hitting him only to hear a roaring sound that sounded familiar reminded him of Drainers. He looked around to see the bushes rumble in one direction showing a Drainer he recognized as Aiden looking not happy to see him by hands fisted and growling loudly. 
Jinks spoke in Summeran “You’re Aiden.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as the Drainer Aiden spoke in Summeran “What are you doing here, Lance Richard?”
He spoke “Actually I go by the name of Jinks Montreal now. What’s going on with you?”
He stared at Aiden who looked off his left as the bushes rumbled showing a Human female with short black hair, scaly tan skin came into view while wearing a military uniform and combat boots on her form that frowned seeing him. 
He heard Aiden growl out “Maria you should have stayed in the bushes instead of coming out. I don’t know what this visitor’s purpose is other than the Meritanians transported him here.”
He frowned as Maria he assumed spoke “I know what this visitor’s purpose is. He’s to get us back into the Drainer King’s favor due to that his presence reminded me of something I aim to confront the Drainer Lord on.” 
He heard a growling sound from Aiden sounding like he was questioning Maria who added “Aiden, just transport the three of us to the castle now. I don’t aim to explain everything due to sensing that the island has listening devices and that the Drainers will prepare their rebuttal if I say it.” 
He frowned as Aiden looked away and watched as a globe came out of the Drainer’s chest and got bigger forming over the Drainer covering him entirely in a golden ball. 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Maria spoke “Get inside Jinks. You’re coming with us to the castle and I insist or I’ll knock you out.” 
He walked inside the globe feeling like walking through blowing air to sense the blowing stop and found himself inside the globe seeing everything through a window from the looks of it as Maria walked inside and watched Aiden make hand gestures as the globe lifted up in the air and streaked with a fast pace off the island towards the ocean. He continued to watch as the globe traveled over the ocean then reached another island which he saw a castle on it and then landed on a balcony which he saw a Drainer there he recognized as Torrin looking not happy as the globe reverted he saw went smaller and smaller and entered Aiden’s chest once it was small enough. Jinks kept his mouth shut as Torrin roared and spoke in foreign language while growling at Aiden who responded with an identical roar and identical language tones but different words from the sounds. 
He heard Maria yell “Oh for crying out loud! Torrin, Aiden stop it now! Spill it Torrin where did the Drainer Lord put my son I’m told I had and produce him now!”
He narrowed his eyes aimed at Torrin who folded his arms and spoke in Summeran “Take that matter with the Drainer Lord but don’t expect you both to be welcomed there. Jinks, is fine but you two are not.” 
He didn’t hear a comment from Maria and Aiden wisely kept his mouth shut as Torrin added “I’ll lead you there excuse me.” 
He followed Torrin to the throne room to see Drainers there that growled angry sounds seeing Aiden and Maria while acting threatening towards the two and ignoring him. Jinks kept his mouth shut as he, Aiden and Maria with Torrin reached the beginning of the steps then halted. 
He eyed Maria who spoke sounding serious “I have a bone to pick with you Drainer Lord. I like to know what happened to my son I birthed before I was put out asleep.” 
He heard Torrin speaking in foreign language followed by the Drainer King sitting on the steps speaking it then Torrin spoke “Says he was sent to the High Council after they acquired the both of you.” 
Jinks stiffened sensing the Drainer King spoke was a lie willed the Master through and spoke loudly in Summeran “Liar. You lied. I can detect lies and I know you lied.” 
He heard Torrin speaking in foreign language followed by the Drainer King speaking then heard Aiden give off a loud roaring noise from behind him which he again heard the Drainer Lord speaking. 
This was followed by Torrin speaking “Says fine, the child of yours, Maria grew up living among us. He was given a position by the Drainers and has kept the position due to that it’s important for someone who’s not Drainer to have that position.” 
He heard Maria speak loudly “It’s you who’s the son I birthed Drainer Lord. I’m not fooled by your words for you confirmed what I suspected happened to my son. It was the Drainer King gave you the title and had you replace him when he reached the end of his life span. That’s from knowing that only one who isn’t fully a Drainer can lead the Drainers as their Drainer Lord or they’ll fight among each other having a civil war for the position.”
Jinks heard her words and frowned as he eyed the Drainer King seeing the male’s mouth form a thin line with hands curling into fists as he heard growling sounds in the room become more louder as Torrin he sensed translated Maria’s words. He looked around seeing the Drainers seemed threatening and saw their gestures were aimed at Maria and Aiden from the looks of their fisting and heads aimed at the couple’s direction. He continued to eye the Drainers as the Drainer King spoke in foreign language followed by Aiden interrupting him in foreign language. He frowned hearing no translation from Torrin to figure out that the Drainer King and Aiden were having an argument by the tones sounding angry and repeatedly interrupting each other. He continued to watch and then looked at Maria to stiffen as Torrin abruptly grabbed her and began feeding off of her. He heard Aiden roar an angry sound followed by the Drainer King yelling something loudly followed by Aiden yelling something which he eyed both to see that they were both were looking at Torrin sucking onto Maria. He continued to frown as he stiffened to feel a hand each grab his arms by the sides holding him in place. He continued to watch as Torrin sucked Maria followed by snapping her neck and dropping her onto the floor which he heard Aiden roar out an angry sound followed by Drainer King roaring a loud sound and speaking in foreign language which wasn’t translated by Torrin or any of the Drainers to him. He continued to watch feeling himself a range of emotions running through him as the Drainer King continued to talk followed by Aiden walking off only to get multiple Drainers touching him on the upper body and from the looks of their hands only appeared to be touching him. Jinks continued to frown as he heard Shad speak with a firm tone in foreign language followed by the Drainer King speaking loudly in a firm tone which he recognized the name of Alex and frowned wondering what its importance for. He continued to eye the Drainer King and Aiden looking at them both back and forth till Aiden gave up a loud roar while appearing to put hands on his face and shaking his head. He continued to watch as the Drainers stopped touching Aiden who removed his hands and then walked out of the room followed by Shad speaking in foreign language in a firm tone which got the Drainers in the room to give off multiple growling sounds. Jinks grimaced hearing a roaring sound from the Drainer restraining him and heard foreign language sounding behind him as the Drainers looked at him looking like they didn’t seem happy to see him there by them growling loudly. 
He kept his mouth shut as the Drainer King spoke in foreign language followed by Torrin speaking in Summeran “Says get the Meritanians to transport you off of here. Your purpose here is done and besides if you’re not transported soon enough I’ll have you thrown in the brig till the plants do the job.” 
He felt himself freed and mentally yelled “Ramses! The Drainers are done with me so transport me back now!”
Jinks blinked his eyes to find himself standing in a jungle hearing a roaring sound that sounded gonoid like to him. He continued to look around feeling his senses blaring warning to him about something sinister with the jungle. 
Jinks mentally spoke “Don’t tell me that the Meritanians transported me to isle number six.”
Jinks heard sounds of roaring that sounded Drainer like followed by the bushes rumbling in front of him to see Aiden walking out that didn’t look happy to see him. 
He spoke “Spill it what the depths happened back there to cause Torrin to kill off your female Maria?”
He formed a glare on his face as Aiden spoke “Torrin was just acting on the Drainer King’s orders to kill her off which he did anyway.” 
Jinks spoke “I’m surprised that the Drainer King never offered an explanation to why he ordered Maria killed.” 
He heard a groan sound from Aiden followed by the Drainer speaking “The Drainers think Maria manipulated me with some mind walking power to like her enough to mate with her and create an offspring with her. They keep insisting on that mind walking power thing due to sensing something off about her whenever she’s in their presence.” 
Jinks folded his arms and spoke “Interesting what about that offspring of yours she bore? Did you find out about that?”
He stared at Aiden who again gave up another groan sound before speaking “I didn’t tell Maria but the High Council informed me before putting the both of us asleep that the Drainer King was looking at him as his replacement due to thinking that he won’t live that long. The Drainer King is still alive anyway from the sense I got from looking at him and I know that he’s not my son. As for him I heard from the Drainer King that he’s living as a guardian on one of the islands keeping the outsiders away and off of it with the help of others.” 
Jinks frowned to speak “Interesting Aiden.” 
He heard from Aiden “Shouldn’t you be transported home by the Meritanians?”
Jinks opened his mouth to speak and found himself in his bedroom of the penthouse facing Bill flaring golden eyes which the butler spoke “Missy was heard yowling again which I figured that you were out of your home and ordered the Meritanians to transport you back. Those plants gave me a great deal of trouble insisting that it wasn’t time for the transporting and kept saying that I should wait while threatening to transport me to King Winter’s Kingdom.”
Jinks spoke “Fine I might as well eat.” 
He heard from Bill “I suggest you go to bed there’s nothing more you can do around here.” 
He felt confused eyed the clock to see the time of three o’clock in the afternoon blared on it spoke “It’s only 3pm now. What’s up with the bed thing?”
He got from Bill “Master Jinks just go to bed I insist or I’ll have your doctor give you a sleep drug to put you out.” 
He stared at Bill with confusion that formed a serious look on his face which the butler faded from view followed by the bedroom doors slamming shut. Jinks went to the sink counter in the bathroom to grab cloth in black seeing it was pajamas which he sighed putting it on, exchanging his clothes and left the bathroom to find Missy sitting in her cat bed tummy sitting in it. He exhaled a breath through his mouth and yawned hard feeling himself tired and figured that it was the Meritanians doing it. 
He heard from Lance “Go to bed Jinks and get some sleep. You’re wrecked up from not enough sleep due to talking to me face to face and drugged that puts you in a trance keeping you from sleeping.” 
Jinks groaned softly got into bed pulling the blankets up his chest and shut his eyes feeling himself falling asleep and passing out unconscious. 

He dreamed of Eve that spoke “you’ll pay for what you hold dear to you.”
He saw her look off her right which he looked to see Robert and Victoria stab themselves in the chest with knives. 
He grabbed out a hand and gagged a figure on the throat while hearing Eve yell “No!” 
Jinks spoke echoing her words then with a fist punched the figure a male on the stomach hard that appeared to go dead from it. He dropped the male then glared at Eve who glared back at him. 
He heard a male voice speaking “Kiss her now.” 
Jinks obeyed grabbed Eve by the cheeks and kissed her on the lips while sensing her not protesting from the kiss. 
He again heard the male voice speaking “Mate with her.” 
Jinks again obeyed breaking off the kiss to grab Eve by the seat and lifted her up onto his sensitive part entering her and heard her give off a moaning sound very loudly while staring at her in the face that rolled her eyes. He thrust rhythmically in and out of Eve whose hands dug onto his shoulders as he with a roar spilled himself inside her and thrust till he was completely up to the hilt. 
Jinks rubbed his cheek onto her cheek and spoke “Eve.” 
He heard the longing of his voice as she spoke “Jinks.” 
He heard Eve sounded like she missed him as she kissed him on the lips. He heard a familiar sound and felt himself withdrawing from her as she continued to kiss him. He kissed her back as he withdrawn from her till he had to break off the kiss and the scene he saw went black. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare its noises ignored the sound to roll over while keeping his eyes shut. 
He stiffened as he felt a hand touch his shoulder shaking him while hearing a Highlander toned voice speak “Oh no you don’t. It’s time for you to get up and get some food now. You need it.” 
Jinks jerked open his eyes feeling annoyance hitting him rolled over as the hand removed itself to glare at a male Highlander wearing scrubs next to his bed that added “You slept for three days straight as ordered by your physician who insisted that you get up now and eat attending to your title as Emperor.”
Jinks sat up as the medic he assumed stepped back from his bed with a frown on the male’s face. 
He heard from Lance “Jinks will you will the source away will you? It’s making him nervous.”
Jinks obeyed seeing that the medic looked serious and he got up from the bed to stand next to the Highlander who held up a device that reminded him of a cell phone and waved it over his head before looking at it. 
He frowned as the medic spoke “Well you’re fine as far as I’m concerned. Excuse me.” 
He watched as the medic left the room which he went into his bathroom. 

Jinks came out dressed in black dressy pants and a button long sleeve top along with a bullet proof vest underneath his top while wearing shoes that felt like sneakers but appeared to look dressy like. He sighed feeling himself fine went to the bedroom doors swinging them open to see Bill there giving him a nervous look which he stiffened seeing. 
Jinks spoke “Spill it what’s going on?”
He glared at Bill who spoke “Sorry ordered not to say.”
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust left Bill and went to the dining room to find Boo and Sochin there. He glared as Boo looked at him with nervousness in his face as he went to sit down and ate his food along with drinking the drinks. 
He mentally thought “Ugh Eve is doing it again.”
Jinks heard from Lance “Jinks leave the matter to me and your minions and let them do the work.” 
He frowned inwardly as he gulped down his drink and placed it down on the table before getting up to blink his eyes finding himself standing on an edge of a spotlight facing Eve with a glare on her face and golden eyes seen. He spotted Evan behind her standing on the edge of the spotlight with golden eyes and a hand fisted in front of him. 
Jinks frowned wondering what was going on as he heard a male voice speak “Choose Eve and choose wisely.” 
He continued to stare at Eve and kneeled on one knee then held up a hand aiming it towards her while forming a pleading look on his face. He eyed Eve whose glare went away with eyes widening and appearing to do a double take look before she formed a frown on her face. He eyed her as she slowly walked towards him before taking his hand and he pulled her down while kneel his other knee and proceeded to kiss her on the lips while having a hand touching her cheek. 
He heard Lance’s voice sounding “She’s implanted to prevent offspring from forming but the implant is removable.” 
He continued to kiss Eve as he sensed her kissing him and felt where her hands were going from sensing them didn’t protest as she adjusted his clothes and pulled out his sensitive part. He broke off the kiss and stared at her as she stared at his sensitive part while having her hands on it that made him feel good. He removed his hand from her cheek to her shoulder and waited watching her examine him from her hands feeling him all over that made him feel good. He continued to watch her and felt her nails dig into him that made him move his hand from her shoulder to her neck gently gripping it while narrowing his eyes. He glared at Eve who released her nail digging to release her hold on his sensitive part which he moved his hand to her shoulder and watched as she straddled him without giving protest. He sighed as he felt himself entering her and her hands running through his hair yanking on the strands while seeing her shut her eyes and a pleasant look on her face. He brought his hands to her hips holding her and pulled her further down onto him till he was up to the hilt inside her. Jinks continued to stare at Eve while sensing himself feeling charges of pleasure while inside her as she raised her head up baring her neck and heard her give off a loud sigh sound. He leaned forwards and kissed her on the neck gentle kisses and sensed her liking it from the feel of her. He gripped Eve’s hips tighter and with gentle motions moved her up and down on his sensitive part while continuing to kiss her neck as he felt charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. Jinks sensed Eve feeling the same he was feeling from her giving off soft moaning sounds as he continued to move her and kissing her neck. Jinks spilled himself inside her with a jerk while shaking from an intense charge of pleasure hitting him hard and sensed the same thing from her. He continued to keep himself inside Eve and broke off kissing her neck to stare at her as she lowered her head to open her eyes seeing them appear to be Human blue like with a frown on her face. He kept his mouth shut as she rubbed hands on his face all over while keeping his hands on her hips. 
Jinks felt urged to speak spoke “You’re not allergic to cats aren’t you? I have one as pet.” 
He saw a frown appear on her face before she spoke sounding annoyed “Is that all you have to say about this?”
Jinks shrugged and spoke “Sorry.” 
He stared at Eve that widen her eyes and did a double take look before putting her cheek on his cheek and wrapping her arms around him while sighing loudly. He heard a meow sounding familiar focused his eyes to see that they were both in his bedroom from seeing the familiar items in it as he saw Missy sitting on a chair looking amused by the expression on her face. He glared at the cat that continued to tummy sit staring at him back which he felt Eve rub hands on his head running them through the strands. 
Jinks heard her speak “Fine I’ll be yours but I’m not wearing that ridiculous dress that Master Organization female members have to wear. I refused to go around wearing that thing and I’m don’t care what you say I’m not wearing it period.” 
Jinks spoke “What do you have in mind to wear Eve?”
He heard her speak “I’m willing to wear a dress as long as it’s not that dress members wear. I hated wearing that thing Yech.” 
Jinks opened his mouth to speak and heard Lance speak “Ugh, Jinks you might want to separate from her due to hearing some people are getting antsy for your presence.” 
He groaned loudly and spoke “Darn I hate doing this.” 
He forced Eve off of him who didn’t protest and he stood up adjusting his clothes as she stood up and watched her yank her skirt down a bit showing bare feet. He covered himself completely with his clothes and put them back in place showing nothing amiss with them then heard a meow sound. He looked down to see her look down and saw Missy sniffing her foot. 
Jinks spoke “That’s Missy my cat. Excuse her but she’s deciding if she’ll be friendly with you or not.” 
He frowned to hear nothing from Eve who he eyed continued to stare at the cat followed by her speaking “I could really use some shoes.” 
Jinks spoke “I’ll see that you get something to wear that’s appropriate.” 
He saw her look at him before she spoke pointing a finger at him “It better not be that damned dress. I’m not wearing it period.” 
He nodded his head and heard a door knocking sound turned to look at it seeing it open followed by Bill entering the room carrying folded black clothing with shoes on top in his hands which the butler set on the bed before leaving the room shutting the doors. 
Jinks spoke “Bathroom is in that way.”
He pointed a finger at the bathroom doorway and watched lowering his finger as Eve picked up the clothes and shoes then entered the bathroom gently closing the door behind her. Jinks sighed and felt Missy rubbing her body on leg which he bent down to scratch her back and felt it arch underneath his hands followed by her running off which he tracked her getting onto his bed and pawing her bed while giving off a meow sounding as she looked at him. Jinks sighed figuring out what Missy wanted went to the bed picking it up and carried it to a bare corner of the room putting it there and saw Missy get into it to yawn and curl into a ball appearing to be sleeping. 
He sighed and mentally spoke “Father who’s the people that is antsy for me?” 
Jinks growled annoyed sound as scene changed to show the High Council’s throne room with the High Council seated behind speakers along with feeling his arms again grabbed by familiar hands. 
Jinks felt himself annoyed glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Interesting you reek of mating who you have been mating with anyway?”
Jinks clamped his mouth shut and formed a thin line with his mouth and again heard Onya speak “Hmm wouldn’t that be that female mind walker? Hah interesting that she’s mating with you.”
He kept his mouth shut narrowing his eyes as Shad spoke “Well don’t worry about her we’ll handle her if she pulls anything again. We’re amused that you’re interested in her.” 
He again kept his mouth shut as Onya spoke “Ramses transport him out now.” 
Jinks felt the Falcons release their hold on his arms and found himself back in his bedroom to fold his arms staring at the bathroom door to feel a tap on his shoulder which he looked to see Bill. 
The butler spoke “I suggest you join her in there and give yourself a through wash. You reek sorry and you’ll find new clothes on the bed for you.” 
He exhaled a breath and watched the butler leave which he went to the clothes on the bed picking them up and carried them to the bathroom door knocking on it. 
He heard Eve’s voice speaking loudly “You better be Jinks period or I’ll be mad if your not.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth opened the door and walked inside shutting it behind him. He saw Eve sitting in the bathtub with hair wet and looking very naked from the looks of her. Jinks set aside his clothes onto the sink counter and stripped himself of his clothes, bullet proof vest and shoes leaving them piled on the floor while watched by Eve. 
He heard her hiss out a gasp before speaking “Eek they weren’t kidding about you being easy on the eyes woo, whoa.” 
Jinks once he was naked stood eyeing her as looked him up and down with her eyes forming approval on her face which he sighed softly. He stood staring at her as she stood up from the tub and revealed her form to him. He eyed her to see she looked pleasant to him with hint of some muscle on her form which he walked up to her and leaned forwards to kiss her on the lips a quick kiss then sighed before going to the shower entering it to clean himself. He eyed Eve through the glass shower wall as she sat down in the tub and washed herself with soap and shampoo while sensing her glancing at him from time to time as he cleaned himself thoroughly. Jinks got out once done as she got out of the tub. He handed her a towel from the rack next to the shower stall which she took. He proceeded to dry himself with his own towel and put it away as she did the same. He got dressed in the new clothes that included a new bullet proof vest to see her put on clothes that looked like lacy underwear and a black business suit along with flat heeled shoes and watched her brush her hair with a hair brush on the counter. He found his hair brush on the counter brushed his hair and sighed watching her braid her hair back then hold the style in place with a hair band. Jinks again sighed once done placed the hair brush down and followed her out of the bathroom to the bedroom doors which she opened one and stepped out following her. 
He saw Bill who spoke “Good morning you’ll find nourishment for the both of you on the table in the dining room.”
Jinks spoke “Excuse me Eve let me show you where it is.” 
He took her arm and didn’t get a protest from her as he led her to the dining room and found a cup full of pink liquid in his usual spot along with a tray next to it facing a different direction. He frowned seeing Boo and Sochin in the room that didn’t appear to look at him entering the room with Eve. Jinks released his hold on Eve’s arm and went to sit down as she sat and watched her eat fast seeing that she seemed hungry from the way she ate. He gulped down his drink and placed it down on the table then sighed as Eve continued to eat keeping up her fast pace followed by her gulping down her drink then sitting back sighing loudly. 
He stared at her as she spoke “Tastes good and it’s better than anything I’ve been having lately.” 
He nodded his head as he heard Boo speak “Master Jinks, would you mind showing her to the public as your Empress?”
He found himself agreeing looked at Eve who nodded her head which he got up and held up a hand and she got up taking it. He led her to the elevator and once inside spoke the command for the lobby and felt it go down which he gently squeezed Eve’s hand sensing her nervous. He led her out of the elevator into the lobby to the front entrance and brought her out seeing the crowd of people and press gasp seeing her. He smiled a smile and kissed her hand only to stiffen as her hand became limp in his arms to look at her roll her eyes and he grabbed her lifting her up. Jinks quickly brought her inside to place her on the floor and stared at Eve focusing on her forehead with horror seeing a round hole leaking blood on it that appeared to be a bullet hole and sensed her life was slowly slipping away from her. 
He screamed out “No Eve!” 
Jinks felt a needle darted into his neck as Eve was yanked from him and felt sleepiness as the drug took hold shook his head and felt himself surrendering to the drug as he slid to the floor and fell unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blaring its noises jerked open his eyes lurching up in a sitting position discovering his clothes except his underwear were off his form and blankets covering him. He heard a meow sounding looked off his right to see Missy sitting in her cat bed on his bed which he felt no emotion come to him but deadness feeling hitting him. Jinks forced himself to get up from the bed ignoring the time on the clock and walked into the bathroom to lean against the sink counter staring half hearted into the mirror. He eyed himself to see his face had some angry look on it and felt no emotion hitting him as he proceeded to use the toilet for an irritation hitting him then stripped himself of his underwear. He once done finding Master Organization army wear clothes in the color black along with bullet proof vest top included and combat boots that felt lightweight to him. He put them on and stared at the mirror willing the Darkness and Master through to see his Human blue eyes turn golden as the whiteness surrounding it turned all black. He felt nothing hitting him as he stared at himself in the mirror and then brushed his hair which his eye fell on a hair band sitting next to the sink. He picked it up and with careful maneuvering put part of his hair up in a tail making it neat by the hair brushing then once done placed the hairbrush onto the sink counter. He left the bathroom and went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to find Bill that formed a nervous look seeing him. Jinks ignored the butler and walked passed him going to the dining room to find Boo there along with Sochin typing on the laptop and three other people he saw were males two Humans and a Highlander wearing green Master Organization army clothes from the looks of them. He eyed the Humans to see that one held the familiar gun in his gloved hands while another held clothe in identical gloved hands. He went to sit down and took his time eating his food finding he needed the nourishment and gulped down the drink then stood up facing Boo who looked at him with some look that made him think it was pity. Jinks didn’t comment as one of the human men handed him the familiar clothe which he put on the mask and gloves then handed a long projectile gun along with a handgun which he pocket in his pocket. Jinks stared at Boo who held up his familiar device which flashed a picture of a male appearing to be a short blonde wearing jeans and a sweatshirt in a running position holding a hand gun in his right hand with some smirk look on the male’s face. 
He eyed the hologram as Boo spoke “Do what you want with this target as long as he’s dead period. We managed to use a Highlander that gave us a location of his hiding spot after it was apparent that the police weren’t going to catch him. The cops let him slip through easily through their checkpoints. We have people attending to those cops for those slip ups. Just see that target is dead period.” 
He nodded his head and heard Boo add again “We managed to scramble your tracking signal so don’t take too long. There are hackers out there that can figure out how to erase our work.” 
He again nodded his head and heard Boo speaking in foreign language using the voice followed by the scene changing to show himself standing in a kitchen with two entrances to it. He heard sounds of moaning that reminded him of sex followed the sounds walking to an entrance and peered to see his targeted male kissing a Human female wearing a slinky dress which he hoisted the gun and waved both hands mentally ordering both to sleep and found their order obeyed by them both falling to hit the floor. He went to them pulling out the handgun and eyed the female as an idea came to his mind. He brought the handgun to the female’s hand forcing her hand to grip it and with maneuvering shot the male straight on the forehead with gun touching his face. He again aimed the gun to the male’s chest over the heart area while sensing his life slipping away and again fired the gun. He sensed the male die life going out and brought the handgun to the female’s forehead and fired it sensing her life slipping away which he released her hold forcing the gun to drop to the floor then stood up watching the woman sensing cued to her. He sensed her die smiled then stood up and eyed the door which he heard banging sounds on it followed by faint yelling sounds that sounded in male voices that made him think it was the police. 
Jinks straightened up his form and mentally yelled “Ramses transport me back now I’m done!”
He felt his order obeyed to find himself standing in the dining room facing Boo which he handed the gun, gloves and mask back. 
He heard Boo speak “The handgun you were given?”
Jinks spoke “Some bimbo female the target invited in his apartment got a hold of it and shot him twice killing him then put the gun onto herself and killed herself. I left the gun there just to show to the police heard banging on the door that it was murder suicide and I had nothing to do with it.” 
He sensed his words weren’t the truth didn’t care about the lie as Boo formed a frown on his face before speaking in foreign language using the voice which he felt the Master and Darkness willed away from him and didn’t protest from that. 
He eyed Boo who spoke “Oh alright we’ll handle anything that points to you having a connection to that.”
He nodded his head and heard the Highlander speak “Ramses says that the High Council has requested the Master’s presence and that their very insisted on that.” 
He turned his face into a glare as Boo spoke “Fine transport him then.” 
He blinked his eyes to find the scene changed to discover himself in the High Council’s throne room arms again grabbed by the Falcons as he glared at the High Council seated in chairs behind the speakers. 
He continued to glare as Shad spoke “Interesting retaliation to our handiwork making our assassin dies by murder suicide, oh well.” 
He stiffened hearing the words as Shad continued talking “Ah we should explain anyway. We had someone paid to shoot this female mind walker in the head just to kill her when it was obvious that she was manipulating you again.”
Jinks felt rage hitting him growled an angry sound fisting his hands as Shad continued talking “Oh you don’t need to worry about her again the shooting was enough to kill her for good. We managed to handle her brother and have him knocked out and placed in some sleep state which we currently have in our hands keeping an eye on him. A pity that you fell for her trick of manipulating you to mate with her so she could pass on some sickness enough to poison you.” 
He sensed nothing indicated a lie hitting him continued to growl his sounds getting louder as Shad paused from talking followed by Onya speaking “Ramses put Horus to sleep while we attend to the sickness hitting him now.” 
He felt sleepiness hitting him shook his head struggling to stay awake only to feel the feeling persisted and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks dreamed of Lance who hugged him in a tight hold before releasing him to place hands on his chest and forehead. 
He felt nothing hitting him as Lance spoke “Jinks, I’m sorry but the High Council isn’t kidding about what they said about Eve poisoning you with some sickness through mating. She was manipulating you again enough to try to bring you down and take your place as Empress holding the title. Her brother fell for her trick too and is currently in the hands of the High Council in some suspended animation sleep.” 
Jinks felt nothing hitting him but deadness as Lance gently rubbed his forehead and then added “Don’t worry you’ll be fine due to that the High Council will take out the sickness through poisoning you which is what their doing at the moment and you’ll withdraw from the poison along with the sickness due to that your body will get rid of both anyway. You’ll be up and about soon as you get enough sleep for it along with that you’ll feel better once you’re completely recovered.”
Jinks spoke as Lance paused “I’m not trusting people again.” 
He saw Lance’s eyes turn all black and felt himself gagged on the throat by his father who spoke “Don’t ever think of that again. You’ll trust people believe me you will and that they’ll be vital to your survival against assassins. Trust me when I say this, Jinks.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut felt himself passing out unconscious.

Jinks came to hearing the familiar sound of an alarm clock lurched up in a sitting position with eyes opened. He looked around discovering himself in his bedroom of the penthouse and heard a meow sounding happy which he felt pressure on his lap followed by a furry head rubbing the bottom of his chin. He heard the alarm clock cut its noises laid his form down on the bed and felt Missy walk onto his chest to rub her face on his chin while giving off a loud meow sounding like a worried tone. He reached with both hands and lifted the cat off of him putting her onto the bed and rolled over on his side throwing the blankets over his head shutting his eyes only to open them as he felt ranges of emotions hitting him followed by tears spilling from his eyes. He curled himself into a ball putting hands on his face and sobbed crying hard while wailing loudly till his throat was raw and the tears stopped. He felt himself much better and no deadness feeling hitting him shut his eyes willing himself to sleep only to feel pressure on his body like a hand shaking him despite the blankets covering his form entirely. He groaned softly yanked the blankets from his face to stare at Bill that formed a pity look on his face. 
Jinks stared at Bill feeling himself sad as the butler spoke “You’re required to get up and eat as ordered by your doctor. You slept for five days recovering from the medical procedure done on you. I suggested that you get up and do what’s ordered. It’s not good for you to ignore things by spending time in bed not doing anything.” 
He groaned and sat up as Bill removed his hand and faded from view and heard door closing sounds which he got up from the bed feeling himself wearing nothing but his underwear shorts. He felt his hair to feel the tail was gone and sighed going into the bathroom to use its facilities. 

Jinks came out dressed in his familiar clothes that weren’t Master Organization army wear along with hair brushed and left down which he walked to the bedroom doors yanking them open to find Bill there. He exhaled a breath through his mouth and walked passed Bill going to the hallway and took it to the dining room to find Barry inside sitting at a chair which he noticed Boo and Sochin were gone from the room and not in sight. He found a tray holding food went to sit down and ate the food finding himself ravenously hungry gobbled everything up along with gulping down the cups of orange juice and strawberry milk which finished he pushed aside the tray and leaned back in the chair sighing softly. 
He stared at Barry who appeared to scrutiny him before the Builder spoke “Alright Jinks. Your minions got word out that your girl you picked as Empress was shot dead by an ex-boyfriend still in love with her. Another rumor is that the ex-boyfriend was shot dead by his current girlfriend who turned the gun onto herself and died from it. The press is wound up having a big fuss about it that is quietly going away with manipulating by certain people working for you all over that think this publicity isn’t good for you to have.”
He formed a frown on his face to nod his head as Barry gave him a familiar look which he shrugged and spoke “Ugh I’m not sure if I can trust people again but a certain somebody insisted that I do it period.”
He saw Barry’s look become more glaring sighed and added “Alright the High Council said that the girl I picked passed onto some sickness through mating I didn’t detect and was after my title to become Empress. I said to this certain somebody that I wouldn’t trust people again but this person told me off to trust them period saying that they were vital to my survival. The person didn’t bother to explain that remark to me anyway. I doubt I can do what this person insisted on which is trusting for my survival.”
He heard a throat clearing noise come from Barry sighed and continued adding “I also doubt that I can trust other people too. I have been manipulated to do things without explanation given too many times by people to do bad things and now I feel like I can’t trust them anymore. They manipulated me to kill someone without an explanation given and they can do that again due to seeing how easily manipulated I was when I assassinated the person.”
He again heard the throat clearing noise sounding from Barry who he paused to clear his throat and added “Barry out with what you wanted to say now.” 
He frowned as Barry’s face formed a glare before the Builder spoke in a serious tone “I suggest you trust people starting now who’ll handle doing things for you without having to give an explanation. You don’t always need an explanation to the things your minions do for you period. Just trust them and you’ll find yourself safe from harm.” 
He groaned out as Barry paused “Ugh how when I’m having trouble with the trust issue?”
He got a golden eyed glare from Barry who spoke “Just trust them Jinks Montreal.” 
He stiffened hearing the firmness in Barry’s tone clamped his mouth shut and stared at the Builder who pointed a finger at him then got up speaking in foreign language using the voice and disappeared in a flash of light. He groaned and got up from the table thinking that he’ll hit the library and found himself going to the gym room. 
He heard from Lance “Stretch and practice Karate but don’t do that split move period.” 
He groaned softly sat down and did his stretching exercises then swung himself up followed by doing his familiar Kata then did his drills in karate followed by ending with a bow towards the punching bag. Jinks walked to the punching bag feeling himself getting furiously angry emotion hitting him shocking him. He attacked the punching bag with karate allowing his anger to take control while growling angrily in a loud tone. He attacked the punching bag with everything he got in karate allowing his anger to boil till a rage episode arrived putting him out. 

Jinks came to find himself lying on the floor feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which he jerked open his eyes to see Bill leaning over him with a frown on the butler’s face. 
He felt himself calmer mood sat up as Bill removed his hand and straightened up his form. 
He got up with a swung up move then stood staring at Bill who spoke “The public has requested that you make an appearance and that their very insistence on that.” 
He groaned softly left Bill going into the hallway which he entered the elevator once reaching it and spoke “Lobby.” 
He felt the elevator go down followed by it stopping with doors opening and he walked out to pause rubbing a hand on his face then lowered his hand to go to the entrance walking out to hear the crowd gasp seeing him. Jinks stood and eyed the crowd seeing that they had various pity looks on their faces seeing him. He frowned eyeing the crowd feeling himself sad and felt a weakness feeling in his knees as he found himself abruptly kneeling and arms clutching himself while rocking his form with a sad look on his face as his eyes became blurry with tears spilling from them. He felt hands grab his arms yanking them from his body and lifting him up which he didn’t protest to that and allowed himself guided away into the lobby. He once inside felt himself still guided to something that felt like an elevator and continued to allow himself held as the elevator went up followed by guided out to feel his seat hit something soft while forced to lean back and then the hands released their hold on him. He allowed the tears to fall spilling in his eyes till he felt pressure on his lap and heard a meow sounding loudly followed by a furry face rubbing his chin which he blindly felt for Missy and petted her back feeling her sit on her haunches on his lap. He removed his hand and leaned his head back to stare at the ceiling while shutting his eyes willing himself to sleep only to dream of facing Lance who hugged him in a tight hold. He kept his hands to himself sensing that Lance wouldn’t like him touching. Jinks frowned as Lance stopped hugging him followed by putting a hand on his chest and a hand on his forehead keeping him calm which he welcomed the feeling hitting him. 
He stared at Lance who spoke “Jinks, you’ll be alright, don’t worry."
He frowned forming it on his lips as Lance continued talking “Just don’t worry about that and leave the worrying to me and your minions. You have people who care about you even though they don’t seem to show that very much. Just accept that and be well.” 
He nodded his head and felt his eyes forced shut as he came to feeling a purring vibration on his chest along with pressure of a cat sitting on it in a tummy sitting position. He opened his eyes to find them dried of tears and raised his head to look down staring at Missy who stood up arching her back and sat on her haunches and proceeded to rub her face on his chin followed by giving off several meow sounds sounding like a worried tone to him. He reached with a hand and rubbed her back feeling it arch underneath his hand’s movements followed by sitting up straighter as Missy got off his lap which he removed his hand. He eyed Missy who sat on her haunches and stared at him with some look in her eyes that suggested to him that she cared about him which he sighed and with both hands lifted her up and got up from the couch cradling her to his chest within his arms. He felt Missy purring in his arms and carried her down the hallway to the library which she gave up a yowl and squirmed in his arms and he placed her down on the floor and rubbed her back. He opened a door and walked inside to see Barry sitting in a chair both hands on his cane. 
He shut the door and folded his arms eyeing Barry who spoke “The scene of you kneeling in front of witnesses and appearing to have a crying breakdown has the public sympathizing with your situation about losing a female you were showing to be your Empress.” 
He sighed softly hearing that as Barry continued talking “Oh that breakdown did wonders for your image due to tabloids blaring that some female was blackmailed by your people to shoot her boyfriend for shooting to death your female. The tabloids have been blaring that the girlfriend couldn’t live with the blackmail and murder of her boyfriend shot herself to death as a result. The presses had a field day with that and have been trying to get a statement from you including any appearances just to broadcast slander. Your spokesperson has been repeatedly refuting the tabloids as lies and saying that you were grieving for the death of your female identified by the name of Evangeline Harrisburg that you selected as your Empress.”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth as Barry kept speaking “Oh you proved that grieving state your spokesperson was saying by having a crying breakdown in front of witnesses including having it recorded. Rest assured that the public who sympathize with you will be angry at the press for slandering you in your loss and will retaliate for the lies. I guarantee that they will retaliate anyway. Just trust people to take care of things for you including your minions who’ll see that you’re cared for properly. Don’t worry about it.” 
He nodded his head as Barry gave him a familiar look which he sighed and went to sit down eyed by the Builder. Jinks sat and twisted his form to face Barry seeing the Builder still looking at him. 
He spoke “Alright I’ll start trusting people again to help me with things. I’m just tired of being kept in the dark and manipulated to do things without an explanation given by people especially my minions. It’s getting frustrating that I’m a leader and I’m supposed to act like one but I’m feeling like a figurehead from the way things are going. Ugh.” 
He groaned loudly and saw Barry’s look become more glaring which he added “Barry what am I supposed to be doing while holding the title of Emperor and leader of the Master Organization? I can’t just hide out in my home with nothing to tell me of the outside world only told things by you and several others that don’t explain the whole story of what’s going on with the public. What do you expect me to do?”
Jinks stared at Barry with pleading on his face whose expression remained the same as the Builder held up a hand and tapped his head with a finger and cocked his head. 
He frowned as he heard from Lance “Barry is indicating that you should start thinking of a way for your situation so think, Jinks.” 
He sighed softly to lean back in the chair eyes still on Barry that stopped tapping the side of his head and placed his hand on his cane. He shifted to stare at the floor letting his thoughts wander about Lance’s words about Barry’s hand gesture. 
He heard a throat clearing noise looked up to stare at Barry who spoke “I’ll be back when the time is right. I’m wanted elsewhere seeing a situation that needs my input.” 
He watched as Barry stood up speaking foreign language using the voice and disappeared in a flash of light. Jinks leaned back in the chair and stared at the floor letting himself lost in his thoughts as memories popped up in his mind which he would comment about them mentally till a new memory would come taking its place and he kept up the commentary. Jinks exhaled a breath recalling himself acting like a father to two children he identified as Lance Knight and his sister Lizette both full grown and teaching them the ways of using their powers and being firm with them when they were caught using their powers on others for selfish gain. He frowned as he continued to focus on the memories of his parenting the two while he competed in tournaments as a black belt in sparring and winning matches undefeated even won the highest level tournament till he retired from competing. Jinks frowned as he recalled having a relationship with the children’s mother Janel despite Lance Knight’s objections and being forceful into getting his son to stop interfering with his relationship with her. He continued to recall that he used his vessel status to get Master Organization members to help him meet Janel in private in hotel rooms in secret behind his children’s backs. 
He frowned as he thought to himself “I’m a vessel of Lance Richard the Master leader of the Master Organization and Emperor of Shadan. Why am I not using this to my opportunity to get what I want around here? Ugh I guess I should start doing that instead of letting others do the job.” 
He sighed and got up from the chair to hear a yowl sounding in his ears which he looked down to stare at Missy on the floor on her four paws arching her back which he figured that she was on his lap and he didn’t seem to observe that. Jinks sighed and bent down rubbing her back with a smooth move then straightened up his form to yank open one of the library doors and walked into the hallway. 
He yelled “Bill!”
Jinks folded his arms and waited as the butler appeared in front of him with a familiar what do you want look on his face. 
Jinks spoke “I want detailed reports of the press saying about me involving the shooting death of my female and what their also saying about me having a crying breakdown in front of witnesses and them as well. I like the report detailed as soon as possible so get it done immediately. I like that report before its time for my required meal.” 
He formed a glare on his face as Bill formed nervousness spoke with it in his voice tone “Sorry I was ordered to not to do that regardless of you ordering it.” 
Jinks unfolded his arms and willed the Master through and with a quick move grabbed Bill by the jacket and lifted him up dangling his feet. He saw Bill’s throat move as if the butler was gulping. 
Jinks spoke “I’m the Master and your boss so spill it who gave you that order? I insist that you name this person and I’ll have a frank talk with him on who gives orders around here.” 
He narrowed his eyes glaring at Bill who spoke still sounding nervous “Sorry I can’t say who ordered me. I was ordered not to say it to you.” 
Jinks gave up a growling sound heard from Lance “Drop the matter Jinks. Let me handle this. I got my ways of getting things your way so don’t pursue the matter just drop it.” 
He slowly placed Bill down on his feet then removed his hands from the butler’s jacket followed by storming away from him going to the gym room which inside he attacked the punching bag with karate moves finding himself needing to blow off steam from feeling angry. He continued to attack the punching bag till the lights above blinked which he halted his attack to look up staring at them and heard a throat clearing noise sounding loudly. 
Jinks turned to glare at Bill standing in the doorway that spoke “Excuse me but its time for your required meal so go eat.” 
He gave up an Hmph sound and walked to the doorway only to get blocked by the butler who pointed a finger to his eyes and jabbed it at him. 
Jinks snarled out “You’re not the boss of me so move aside.” 
He again got the finger pointing gesture from Bill who refused to move blocking him. Jinks with a growl grabbed Bill by the jacket and moved him aside and then let go to take a step towards the doors only to get blocked by the butler still making his finger gestures while giving him a narrowed eyed look. 
He again gave up a loud growl only to hear from Lance sounding in his mind “Jinks, the Source is a private thing among you and the Master Organization members which should be kept secret. So stop flaunting it period.” 
He obeyed to will the Master away from him and saw Bill step aside which he walked into the hallway and went to the dining room to find a tray holding food in dishware which he felt himself hungry sat and ate everything including gulping down the drink. 
He stood up and frowned feeling a headache followed by familiar voice speaking “High Council, Horus’s people have been detected getting very nervous whenever he’s in your hands. They still have issues of trusting you not to do any harm to Horus due to how they view him as a valuable person and their very strong fasted in that view. Some of those people have been detected to be quite fanatic in that view and will do what it takes to keep Horus from being harmed.”
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust hearing Ramses’ voice as the Meritanian continued talking “Oh I wouldn’t do that to his tracker if I were you. There’s people not in his group of minions are monitoring him that are very good on doing that job of keeping his tracker signal very clearly traced and even will figure out who’s scrambling it. Those people I warn you have been detected alerting Horus’s minions of the scrambling done by your servants who have managed to hack through and trace him to where you got him very successfully. So don’t even think of doing that due to that Horus’s people were caught thinking of doing something serious to you with our involvement.” 
He grimaced as the headache went away followed by the scene changing to show the High Council’s throne room and once again felt his arms grabbed by the Falcons in tight ironclad grips. He opened his mouth and recalled Anubis warning him of a rule about who speaks first in the High Council’s presence clamped it shut and formed a thin line. 
He eyed the High Council seated in their seats behind the speakers as Shad spoke with sarcasm “Well couldn’t help overhearing things said by you complaining about your people treating you as a figurehead and your butler not doing what you’re ordered. Very interesting hearing that point of view which makes us suspected that someone is doing manipulating again using you to get things this person wants done around your home.” 
Jinks felt himself frowning kept his mouth shut to form it on his lips as Onya spoke “It appears from your butler’s refusal to do your orders is proof of this manipulating. We suspect that this someone must be referring to you when giving out orders saying it’s from you ordering them along with getting others to do the orders by talk of how you’re feeling due to losing a certain female which you were seen having a crying breakdown in front of numerous witnesses.”
Jinks again kept his mouth shut as Onya paused followed by Shad speaking “Rest assured that this someone will be attended to personally even if we have to do some manipulating to get this person removed.”
He opened his mouth to speak and felt the Falcons’ grips off his arms followed by finding himself back in the dining room of his home and shut his mouth forming a frown on his face. He left the dining room and went to the library going inside to find Meritania sitting in a chair examining a book he saw was his he was currently using to read with. 
Jinks frowned to shut the doors and cleared his throat loudly which he saw Meritania lower the book putting it back on the table in its previous position then spoke “I suggest you sit down.” 
Jinks obeyed and kept his eyes on Meritania who looked back at him before the Highlander added “Ah the High Council aren’t kidding on what they said. I managed to do some snooping around and found this person is a Builder you met previously in your dining room always standing in your presence as another is typing on some computer device. I heard this Builder is nicknamed Boo behind his back due to refusing to give up his name. He’s the one pulling the strings around here if you get my meaning.” 
He nodded his head as Meritania cocked his head and then the Highlander continued “This Boo in question was I heard put in place to take the leadership position by another I heard was Burke Richardson himself before he passed away.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing that as Meritania kept talking “I suspect that this Boo in leadership was due to Burke thinking you wouldn’t be able to lead the Master Organization courtesy of the High Council repeatedly kept giving you medical ailments that would knock you down for awhile and leave the group in shambles trying to pick up the pieces hence the leadership awarded to this Builder.”
He frowned forming it on his lips as Meritania continued speaking “Ah I have to warn you but it might take awhile before Boo gives up control of the leadership to you once its apparent that the High Council have stopped sticking you with medical ailments such as poisoning which has happened too many times already. Oh Boo is willing to give up the leadership from having a private talk with another Builder with me eavesdropping on them but he’s hesitance to do that due to the High Council keep pulling medical ailment stunts onto you to knock you down for awhile.”
He again nodded his head as Meritania continued “I warn you that the High Council has a bad habit of getting annoyed at people enough to pick on them for awhile then quit doing it then restarting the picking before losing interests in doing it followed by again do the picking which is a bad cycle that’ll keep on going over and over. At the moment they appeared to have lost interests in picking on you and it’ll be time before they get annoyed at you and start this pickiness again. Just be warned that the High Council have been pulling this pickiness stunt for too many cycled years and they always been doing it since I became aware of them and that’s way before the mainland arrived.”
He again nodded his head as Meritania paused to cock his head while staring at him which he figured that the Highlander wanted him to say something. 
Jinks spoke “Oh interesting hearing that.” 
He heard a harrumph from Meritania followed by the Highlander speaking “Interesting? Is that all you go to say about this? I surprised with you. I thought you would say something else instead.” 
He saw Meritania grab his pointed ear and yank it while having his other hand in a point waving it around. 
Jinks heard from Lance “The High Council is eavesdropping on the conversation courtesy of hidden servants sending them recordings of what’s said in your home.” 
Jinks spoke as he heard Lance become silent “Oh fine what am I supposed to do to get this Boo to shift leadership to me? You told me he’ll do it willingly but how can I convince him to do it without him worrying about other people trying to take me down and wreck things up?”
He glared at Meritania who spoke “Just have a frank talk with Boo himself once the opportunity arrives and do that. I warn you that you’ll have to think of something to convince him of the leadership change due to him very strongly worrying about something serious happening to you and having the Master Organization thrown in chaos with you down with some medical ailment. And that’s from overhearing him saying that to this Builder dubbed Torresin in some private conversation that wasn’t so private with me hanging around unnoticed.”
Jinks opened his mouth and fell backwards only to feel metal touch his forehead along with sleepiness jerked his eyes struggling to look around and seeing nothing but blackness as he shut his eyes falling unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a male voice with an accent speaking “Death cannot touch us we will live forever, live forever.” 
He felt pain hitting his body all over followed by it stopping and jerked opened his eyes seeing whiteness which his eyes focused on was a wall appearing to be a ceiling with implanted lights. He heard a door slamming sound blinked his eyes finding the Master and Darkness in control felt rage hitting him but the rage episode stayed within not taking over as he felt himself in control. Jinks got images coming into his mind seeing himself appear into the High Council’s throne room and Anubis putting a device on his forehead as he fell asleep. He continued to see clear in his mind the scene changing to show himself lying on a bed with two Highlanders cutting off his clothes with scissors and taking off his bullet proof vest showing his right arm having a bite wound on it that looked suspiciously like a Tee Dee mouth. He continued to watch in his mind as a new Highlander came into view and injected him with a syringe holding red liquid in it in his neck. He watched as his body lost its pale tan color and became white followed by scene changing to see his body tossed off a cliff in darkness falling down towards a whirlpool of water and then large teeth closed over his body followed by a gulping sound. He saw himself floating in darkness surrounded by watery liquid and recalled hearing a sound that felt like choking as he recalled willing the Master and Darkness through and fisting both hands while ordering himself freed. The scene changed to show water in a whirlpool showing himself thrown out of it and hitting a cave wall sliding down on it face on it. He continued to watch as himself hit a cliff out hang and laid there body still with the device on his forehead crumbling to pieces followed by his form disappearing in a flash of light. His mind stopped processing images as he felt rage hitting him fisted his hands and opened his mouth and heard a loud roaring noise that seemed to vibrate through him which he figured he was the one doing it. He shut his mouth and heard the roar cease its noise. He took stock of his surroundings discovering himself lying on some hospital bed wearing some kind of pants on his form with nothing else on him and he had restraints on his wrists and ankles which he willed himself to charge of electricity and felt the chains fell off of him. He sat up feeling himself filmed looked around finding two doors in opposite walls on both sides of him. He looked in front of him to see a large black window which he sensed someone was behind it watching him along with filming him as he noticed nothing else in the room to indicate the source. 
He heard a familiar voice speaking sounding in his mind “No way am I not doing that! No uh! Not a chance!”
Jinks growled recognizing the voice as Ramses continued to listen as the Meritanian’s voice continued “No sorry but putting him to sleep is not an option. He’s rather as First Ones say pissed off. I warn you that I sense his traveler side is itching to get out and cause trouble for what you did to him.”
He continued to listen as Ramses paused then continued talking “Oh I can sense the Traveler from scanning him and its there itching to come out and it’s very angry enough to cause trouble with you. I wouldn’t put him to sleep no way that Traveler is sensed to be violent from what I’m getting from his mind. Sorry think of another option High Council.” 
He opened his mouth and roared an angry sound feeling it vibrate throughout him then shut his mouth followed by Ramses again speaking “Yah that’s the Traveler making that noise through Horus. Its wants to come out and cause trouble from sensing it clear in Horus’s mind. I wouldn’t put him to sleep for it’ll come out. I know you too well that you can’t control the Traveler whenever its out causing trouble so think of something else.” 
He felt the headache stop swung his legs off the bed and found his strength remained the same but stronger feelings felt throughout him. He eyed the door facing him went to it yanking it open to find it was a bathroom with just a toilet and a sink which he eyed figuring that he’ll use it while feeling a need to do it. 

Jinks came out of the bathroom to glare at the other door in the room to see it open and Torresin stood in the doorway arms folded a frown look on the Builder’s face. He formed a glare on his face walked around the bed and went to stand in front of it as Torresin’s eyes narrowed appearing to scrutiny him. Jinks raised up a hand and eyed Torresin’s throat willing the Builder to come forwards towards him and saw surprise on the male’s face as he was thrown forward which he caught the man by the throat and held him in a close to a choke hold. 
He made sure that Torresin could talk as he spoke in a voice tone that sounded cruel to the Builder “Tell me everything about me and don’t leave anything out now.”
He felt Torresin gulp under his hand as he glared at the Builder who spoke “From what we could tell the High Council ordered the Meritanians to transport you to them where they placed a device on your forehead knocking out your signal then they cut their recorders’ transmissions. We couldn’t get any results using the Talent to get the Meritanians to transport you back due to not knowing your location till your signal came back on and we had results with our order. You came back suffering from poison that your body was withdrawing from along with a wound on your arm indicating that you were sucked by a Tee Dee. There was fluid found on your body that identified as some kind of stomach acid of some ocean gonoid known as Megadon that swallows manoids if sick with illness to get nourishment. You were healed of all of the injuries by the four horsemen’s sister who did it by her own willingness and kept insisting that you would wake yourself when the time arrived which you did.” 
Jinks smiled a sick smile and sensed Torresin’s nervousness hitting him as he released his hold on the Builder’s neck and then he spoke “Well see that I get clothes and nourishment Torresin. I have things to do and I need to do them and I will see fit that I do them period.” 
He heard his voice tone sounded harsh as Torresin faded from view followed by metal sounds as he saw metal slam over where the door was followed by smoke filling into the room making him sleepy which he forced himself to the bed and laid his form down on it and again smiled before shutting his eyes. 

He dreamed of facing Lance who spoke “Torresin hid that Lavinia ditched the Queen crown and mated with you due to saying it would help you heal then she took the crown again and left. Oh, no child was created from that due to that the hospital did some operation on her to prevent more carrying. I should add its been three days since you were knocked out unconscious. Your ghostly self did some trouble to the High Council who will retaliate against you for that. I know them too well that they’ll retaliate anyway giving you some medical ailment and you’ll be out again. Oh well.” 
Jinks smiled a sick smile and spoke smirking “I wouldn’t bet on that father dear.” 
He saw Lance’s eyes narrow staring at him followed by ahem heard which he was thrust to face the Meritanians by his father and looked off his right to see Ajax that appeared to scrutiny him. 
Jinks formed a frown on his face eyeing Ajax that spoke “I don’t know how you did it father but the High Council are down with medical ailments related to one of the four horsemen and that the Meritanians have denied transporting them to the group’s personal chambers to make them sick. The plants have turned out to be lying with their denials and have refused to say who ordered them which the High Council suspects that it’s you doing it.” 
Jinks heard Lance speak sounding angry “How do you expect Horus to do that when he was out asleep for three suns smarty?”
He kept his eyes on Ajax who formed a big frown on his face before his son spoke “Spies report that the four horsemen’s sister healed my father who woke up in front of her and told her to get her brothers to the High Council and inflict their medical ailments onto the group.” 
He sensed it was a lie spoke willing the Master through “You spoke a lie Ajax so tell the truth now.” 
He formed a glare on his face as Ajax spoke ignoring him “Predecessor, the High Council will see that my father pays for this latest stunt done on them by inflicting punishment on his own children such as Robert and Victoria and see that they suffer dearly for it.” 
Jinks growled held up a hand and willed Ajax to choke who appeared to gag loudly hands going to his throat which he spoke “You leave Robert and Victoria out of this now or else.” 
He heard Lance speak “Jinks lay off gagging Ajax will ya?”
He obeyed to fold his arms glaring at Ajax as he again heard Lance speak “Ajax, there’s a complication with hurting Robert and Victoria is that too many people know who they are and are spying on them very closely for anything so I wouldn’t recommend hitting them where it hurts.” 
He glared at Ajax who spoke “Well the High Council have their ways and will find it, Predecessor.” 
He opened his mouth to speak and felt his eyes forced shut only to come to finding himself standing among the bushes and felt a hand on his shoulder hearing a familiar sinister laughter. He looked off his left to stare at himself that again gave up the sinister laughter. 
Jinks spoke “Can’t you have the High Council lay off torturing me? I want to do things but I can’t when the High Council still wants me dead and will do anything to achieve it.” 
He frowned as himself spoke “Ah don’t worry about Victoria and Robert. Ajax is hiding what he really wanted to say to our dear daddy by saying his words in your presence. Your son is scared like the High Council is and there’s nothing they can do to you to stop you from calling upon your resources to inflict them with pain like you proved it while out asleep hah.” 
Jinks spoke as himself paused “What did you do anyway?”
He frowned forming it on his lips as himself spoke “Don’t worry about it just be well and healthy and you’ll see what I mean.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut came to lurching up in a sitting position looking around the room to see he was in his bedroom of the penthouse and the alarm clock he saw was a minute away from going off at eight o’clock. Jinks swung his legs off the bed finding himself wearing pajama pants which he sighed feeling nothing hitting serious hitting him as he stood up. He heard a meow sounding loudly and looked behind him at the bed to see Missy tummy sitting in her bed looking at him with some happy look in her eyes. He exhaled a breath and took a step checking for anything and discovered nothing serious which he went into the bathroom thinking that a shower would do him some good. He halted in front of the shower stall to see his console blinking red with words on it he read indicated out of service. Jinks exhaled a breath to look at the tub seeing its console was still active and with a shrug went to take off his pants getting into it to discover the water coming out was freezing cold. He raised the temperature checking for itchiness till the water was lukewarm which he proceeded to wash himself and then used the faucet water to rinse himself off before getting out to stand staring at himself in the mirror finding nothing seriously wrong with him and sensing nothing wrong despite the Master and Darkness in control. He willed them both away and dried himself thoroughly before putting on fresh clothes he discovered were the similar to what he wore the other day. He walked out of the bathroom after brushing his hair and went to the bedroom doors swinging them open to see Bill scrutinize him. 
Jinks spoke “The shower is out of action. I had to use the tub. The water came out freezing cold but I raised the temp to lukewarm enough to not burn me.” 
He saw Bill nod his head as if getting his words then the butler spoke “Your shower was detected out of operational by you activating the tub which a technician will fix it. It appears someone hacked into the shower controls and turned it off.” 
He gave up an Hmph sound walked by the butler going to the dining room which inside he found Barry sitting in a seat that gestured for him to eat by pointing at the tray and at him. Jinks obeyed eating and drinking the food and drink finding nothing seriously wrong with it. 
He finished pushed the tray away and stared at Barry who spoke “Alright the tub was said to be rigged with acid water than can burn a person by touch which luckily someone detected it right away and stopped that from happening.” 
Jinks gave up a growl hearing that as Barry held up a hand and waved it up and down which he willed himself to calm quit his growling noises to frown as the Builder lowered his hand. 
He frowned as Barry spoke “Ah that detecting was from someone inside the High Council serving you that alerted technicians of the stunt who fixed it immediately. Their still working on the shower stall issue but it’ll be fixed don’t worry.”
Jinks didn’t say a word gave up an Hmph sound as Barry paused to give him a familiar look which he spoke “Alright just sick and tired of the High Council pulling medical ailment stunts onto me to knock me down for awhile. I’m getting fed up with doing it and want it to stop period.” 
He groaned loudly as Barry’s eyes flared golden followed by the Builder getting up and disappearing in a flash of light. He exhaled a breath through his mouth to get up and found the scene changed to show the High Council’s throne room where he saw oxygen tanks standing next to each High Council member with tubes going inside their robes around the facial area as his arms were again grabbed by the Falcons. 
He kept his mouth shut as Shad spoke “You will pay the price for inflicting your damage on us by the assassinations of Robert and Victoria-“
Jinks interrupted yelling “You leave them alone!”
He heard a growling sound off his left looked to see Anubis who spoke in a loud whisper “Interrupting the High Council isn’t proper and you’ll be punished for that.”
Jinks snarled out as he again looked at the High Council “You leave Robert and Victoria out of this conflict now.” 
He heard Onya speak “Or you’ll what? You still won’t get the lesson that whatever you do to us your people will pay the price of death starting with Robert and Victoria period. Transport him back now.” 
He heard a voice using the voice speaking foreign language followed by finding the Falcons still holding onto him. He frowned for the voice sounded like Barry who walked into his line of sight off his right. 
He eyed Barry who pointed a finger at the High Council and spoke “Horus has nothing to lose seeing you die by anyway he can inflict on you should you assassinate his two children he values. Kill them and he’ll see to your assassination.” 
He heard Shad and Onya give off laughing sounds followed by Shad speaking “Nice try Barry but Horus already has something worth keeping him busy and his two children will die period.” 
He growled angrily hearing that as Barry spoke lowering his finger “If your referring to the Emperor position too bad check the public their losing interests in him holding it and are thinking of having him pass it down to someone else due to hearing him repeatedly getting sick with medical ailments over and over courtesy of you. I asked around and their blaring it in newspapers. I wouldn’t be surprised if they start to blare it on TV monitors till it becomes popular which he’ll be forced to give up the throne then.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth hearing Barry’s words as both speakers gave up Argh sounds before Shad spoke “Interesting news Barry but its nothing but a joke. The newspapers you’re referring to are just ones called tabloids that are saying anything to sell their papers including slandering Horus with their jokes. Nice try Barry. Ramses transport the two people called Robert and Victoria to isle number four and see that the Tee Dees finish them off period.” 
Jinks howled out “No!”
He felt the Falcons’ hands off him followed by finding himself in his gym room facing irritated Bill flaring golden eyes. He turned around and charged at the punching bag swearing profanities and speaking out loud the High Council’s words about killing off Robert and Victoria on Isle number four and having Tee Dees sucking them to death. He continued to rant talking about the High Council will do anything to see him dead including whatever he did to them they won’t stop hitting him with medical ailments to see him dead period. He ranted that he’s sick and tired of the medical ailments hitting him and he’s fed up with it and wanted it to end period. Jinks blinked his eyes mid punch to find the punching bag gone and replaced with a wall which he looked around finding himself in a familiar bedroom and eyed the doors seeing them open showing a male that paused from walking to stare at him with some familiar look on his face that seemed familiar. Jinks frowned uncurling his hands folding his arms staring at the male who walked inside shutting the doors and then walked up to wrenching his arms from his chest and abruptly hugged him in tight grip. 
He heard “Daddy.” 
Jinks gasped sensing the male was his son Robert felt relieved but felt a little panicky as he spoke “Where’s Victoria?”
He heard the panic in his voice sighed as Robert removed himself from him to stare at him in the face while speaking “She’s doing alright still in the house somewhere. The alarms haven’t gone off if she’s out of the house transported by the Meritanians.”
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth to sigh and placed a hand on Robert’s shoulder gently squeezing in a tight grip. He stiffened as he heard roaring sounds looked around to find both in a jungle that looked familiar as he heard sucking sounds darting towards it with Robert in tow. He saw the Tee Dees gathered around a figure with a female form sucking her. 
Jinks screamed out “No Victoria!” 
He heard Robert yell looked in time to see multiple Tee Dees pounce on him knocking him to the ground and appeared to be sucking onto him. Jinks attacked the Tee Dees sucking his son punching them and finding no effect as he felt a gonoid body from behind hit him onto the ground which he fell to and felt pain on his arm feeling like a Tee Dee sucking him followed by more pains on his other arms and legs of Tee Dees sucking. 
He snarled out “High Council, your dead for this.” 
He growled angrily fisting his hands as he felt sleepiness shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to jerking open his eyes to find a female form on top of him while sensing himself clothed in pants and nothing else on his form while lying on a bed that felt familiar. He felt for the female form who woke up with a gasp and looked at him in the face which he saw with shock was Kim herself who leaned forwards and kissed him on the lips. He felt himself kissing her back with arms going around her holding her feeling her bare back as she placed a hand on his cheek gently rubbing. Jinks recalled his previous time with Kim kept the kiss going till she broke it off and stared at him with some expression on her face that gave him trouble figuring out how she was feeling. 
He continued to stare at her and spoke “Kim thank you for healing me from the Tee Dees.” 
He clamped his mouth as her expression turned to anger and stiffened as her hand found his sensitive part through the pants which he released his hold around her. 
He kept his mouth shut as she spoke sounding angry “That’s not all the payment you owe me. I saved two others important to you. You owe me three things for that.” 
He kept his mouth shut to nod his head figuring out that she was serious with what she said. He eyed her as she sat up releasing her hold on him and stripped herself of her gown tossing it aside baring her body which he felt himself getting hard from eyeing her breasts. He didn’t protest as she bent down and removed the pants off of him tossing it aside the bed he saw was identical to the one in the bedroom he was in that he met Robert. He eyed the room with a quick look seeing it looked identical to the one he met Robert in and then eyed Kim that placed hands on his sensitive part making him gasp loudly from her touch giving him charges of pleasure. He continued to watch Kim as she went down and gripped him into her mouth orally giving him pleasure that made him gasp loudly which he fisted his hands forcing himself to keep them to himself. He watched as Kim finished her work straddled him and then felt himself entering her which he rolled his eyes baring his neck to feel charges of pleasure hitting him as she rocked him hands on his shoulders while feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. Jinks gave up a loud gasp as he spilled himself inside her and heard her give off a soft moan. He felt himself still hard lowered his head and opened his eyes greedily looking at Kim who sat up and took his hands which he uncurled putting them on her breasts. He felt for her nipples played with them along with rubbing her breasts and seeing that she liked his hand movements continued doing it. He kept his hands on her breasts as she again rocked him and he felt charges of pleasure hitting him followed by again spilling inside her. Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth as she removed his hands and pulled himself out of her. He stared at her eyeing her breasts greedily and eyed her face seeing a frown appear on it before she moved herself till her chest was level with his face. 
He heard her speak “Go ahead and do what you want with them with your mouth.”
Jinks obeyed to bring his mouth to a nipple and sucked hard sensing liquid coming out of her into him which he forced himself to swallow greedily drinking while feeling that it was vital to keeping him from getting sick from mating with her. Jinks drank having hands keeping to himself till he felt he had an enough went to the other one and sucked on the nipple and again got the same liquid coming out which he greedily drank. He drank till he again felt like he had an enough released his mouth to kiss her chest above them and leaned his head against her as her arms wrapped around him holding him in place. He sighed feeling himself happy having Kim hugging him followed by her pushing his head down onto the pillow and moving her form till her head was level with his. He eyed Kim who rubbed his forehead a hint of a smile on her face as he kept his face in a neutral expression eyeing her back. 
He kept his mouth shut as she spoke “Go to sleep Jinks.”
He obeyed shutting his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance who spoke “Interesting Jinks considering what you drank is enough to help you from getting sick from the mating with her twice. I had to convince her to do that despite she not sure of it.” 
He nodded his head as Lance paused to heard an ahem sounding loudly which he felt his form thrust sideways to face the Meritanians and looked off his right to see Ajax there. 
Jinks frowned as Ajax spoke “Predecessor, the High Council is having an angry fit that someone cut off my father’s signal and transported him off someplace else which they found him on the mainland in some place called California from his signal starting again. Their not happy about that due to that they detected that he has healed from the Tee Dees sucking along with the same to Robert and Victoria my brother and sister.”
He kept his mouth shut as Lance spoke “Aw tell the High Council to go have that fit on someone else instead of on my son.”
He frowned hearing sarcasm from Lance kept his mouth shut further as Ajax spoke “Predecessor.”
He heard the pleading in his son’s tone felt his eyes forced shut to come to hearing a baby crying noise jerked open his eyes to find himself leaning back on a pillow in a near sitting position and looked around discovering he was still in the room but Kim wearing her green dress was sitting in a padded rocking chair holding a bundle in her arms that stopped crying. He felt drawn to the bundle slowly got up watched by Kim ignoring his nakedness and got off the bed walking on the rugged floor towards her to peer over at the baby. He saw it was a male he sensed with Kim’s green eyes and a mop of blonde hair on his head that gave up a cooing sound eyes on him. He reached with a hand and rubbed his son’s head who didn’t complain to the touch. He moved his hand and went to touch his son’s hand who gripped one of his fingers in a tight hold. Jinks smiled seeing his son and heard a sigh from Kim loudly as he watched Nikolas fall asleep loosening his hold on his finger. He stepped back and watched Kim take the baby and carried it to a crib putting him inside which he continued to watch her as she straightened up her form to turn facing him with arms folded. Jinks frowned as she pointed a finger to the bed and then jabbed it at it. He sighed figuring that she wanted him back in bed obeyed to get on it and didn’t protest as she got into it and pulled the blankets up his stomach followed by her putting her head on his chest and sensed her fallen asleep. He stared at the ceiling seeing it was a canopy of a bed and figured it was best to sleep shut his eyes passing out unconscious.

Jinks came to finding himself still naked with chains around his wrists holding him up above him and he was in a sagging standing position. He straightened up his form finding himself standing underneath a spotlight. 
He heard a voice sounding like Meritania speaking unsure if it was through his mind or ears “Your in denial about something confront it now.”
Jinks stiffened as a memory of himself entering a karate tournament room confronted by a black belt that told him to leave. He refused and got attacked from behind knocking him down followed by attacked all over that made him fall unconscious from it. He continued to remember himself attending the karate studio while still recovering from the attack and doing karate in a Kata horribly and falling asleep in the car ride home. He felt rage hitting him as a whip was felt on his back making his back arch underneath its painful hitting feeling electricity hitting him. He continued to jerk arching his back as the whip hit him hard repeatedly while feeling rage hitting him as he willed the Master through and mentally ordered his body to charge of electricity and felt the whip that hit him stop along with the chains around his wrists breaking off. He looked around surrounding him and willed the Darkness through sensing he needed it to take several steps forwards only to feel his feet sinking which he looked down seeing it was quicksand surrounding him. 
Jinks mentally yelled “Get me out of this sinking trap now!”
He waited as he felt roughness on his feet that felt familiar and felt the sinking stop as he was guided out of the spotlight into the darkness as night vision arrived within his eyes sight. He saw a platform in a circle around the spotlight with metal leading to doorways in the walls shining lights faintly. Jinks got onto the platform and felt the rugged floor which he turned and looked at the spotlight seeing that the whipping machine was sitting on a platform and looking dead to him. Jinks looked around looking up to discover that the room was on the large side and saw multiple windows above him that seemed to have people behind them from the senses of that despite their blackness covering them. Jinks raised a hand and waved it around him turning into a circle and felt a pulling sensation which he obeyed walking on the platform following the pulling sensation it led him to a doorway with light faintly shining. Jinks reached it and heard multiple squealing sounds and felt his arms grabbed by familiar hands he felt were the Falcons. 
Jinks glared at Anubis in front of him who spoke loudly “Ramses put Horus to sleep now.” 
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a baby crying noise sounding loudly jerked open his eyes with night vision in his eyes discovering he was still in the room with Kim lying on top of him form still but sensed her breathing felt. He heard Nikolas crying his noises and deducted that the baby was hungry sighed and rubbed a hand on Kim’s cheek to hear her gasp raising her head up staring at him with annoyance. 
He spoke “Nikolas is crying. He sounds hungry.” 
He saw Kim’s eyes narrow glaring at him before she got off of him which he sat up finding himself wearing pants and nothing on his form as he stared at her as she went to the crib lifting up the baby then went to sit in the rocking chair adjusting the top part of her dress to bare a breast and brought Nikolas to it. He watched Kim’s face show a zoned out look and sensed that Nikolas was having his meal from the baby not making any noises. He continued to watch Kim who shook her head and adjusted her dress then again adjusted it to bare her other breast putting the baby to it and watch her have another zoned out look on her face. He sighed and leaned back adjusting the pillow wincing as his back complained in pain and realized that the whipping wasn’t a dream. He continued to watch Kim who shook her head adjusted her dress then patted Nikolas’s back while having the baby lean over her shoulder. He watched as Kim got up and carried Nikolas to the crib putting him in it then stood to face him with a glare on her face. 
Jinks spoke “You want me to apologize for waking you up to attend to Nikolas’s needs?”
He frowned as she folded her arms and spoke “You don’t have to spy on me attending to Nikolas’s needs, Jinks so next time, don’t do that.”
He nodded his head forming agreement on his face and eyed her as she made a finger gesture pointing to her eyes and pointed the finger at him. He sensed the Darkness and Master in control willed both away and stared at Kim as she went to the bed getting into it and laid her head on his chest while pulling the blanket up to her shoulder and he sensed her fallen asleep. He looked around the room with night vision and sighed softly which he shut his eyes willing himself to sleep feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the familiar sound of an alarm clock ringing its noise jerked open his eyes lurching up in a sitting position to discover himself in his bedroom in the penthouse alone with Missy sitting on her bed in a tummy sat position that gave off a meow sounding like a greeting to him. He got up from the bed and eyed the clock seeing that the time was eight o’clock in the morning. He frowned and went into the bathroom to see his shower was working from the console showing light on it indicating it. He felt an urge eyed the toilet which he went to it stripping himself of the pants that felt like cotton to him. He got into the shower once done and felt the water come out to his heat toleration levels sighed and cleaned himself thoroughly with soap and shampoo then rinsed it all off followed by walking out to grab a towel off the warming rack and dried himself. He put away the towel then went to the folded clothes seeing that they were his familiar black uniform with bullet proof vest which he put on along with the shoes. Jinks brushed his hair and walked out of the bathroom heading to the bedroom doors swinging them open to see Bill there looking relieved to see him. 
Jinks spoke “Spill it what has been going on since I was out asleep?”
He stared at Bill who formed nervousness and spoke “Sorry I was ordered not to say.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust sighed and left Bill going to the dining room which inside he found a tray holding dishware of food which he gobbled it up along with gulping down the drinks. He finished stood up and sensed Bill at his side which he looked at. 
Bill spoke “Your doctor requests you to hit the gym room and practice Karate for gauging your physical fitness.” 
He gave no comment left the dining room and went to the gym room walking inside to find Barry standing in front of the punching bag that spoke “Stretch and do karate now.” 
Jinks obeyed avoiding falling into a split move sat down awkwardly and did his stretching followed by swinging himself up and then did his Kata followed by drills then stopped with a bow towards Barry which he straightened up his form and folded his arms staring at the Builder. 
Barry he stared at spoke “Alright someone got a hold of Edenia you know who she is anyway and told her the situation regarding Tee Dees sucking you and two others. She managed to order the Meritanians to transport the three of you to someplace for healing from the Tee Dees. After that she had you three transported to her home which is one of your homes you own and had you pay a price for the helping. Edenia is still a little miffed about how you treated her when she asked you for help. It took a great deal of convincing from this someone to drop the matter and stop being angry at you due to her son’s sake and that you fathered him and you would be in his life whenever your wanted or not.”
He nodded his head as Barry paused to give him a familiar look which he spoke cutting his head bobbing “Fine Barry. I’ll see next time Edenia asks me for help with something I’ll see that I treat her properly along with helping her to the best of my abilities.”
He saw Barry nod his head but still give him the familiar look which he added “I think I should have used words instead of fists on Edenia to express my anger towards her. It was a bad thing to do and I shouldn’t do that next time I’m angry at her.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as Barry spoke “I should tell you that Edenia had a hand in allowing the High Council to whip you in some trap. Someone managed to get you out of that trap enough to get out of it along with getting Anubis to balk doing some orders by the High Council. That jackal was ordered to dump you into the quicksand and allow you to sink into it but he balked doing it instead ordered Ramses to transport you out to Edenia.”
Jinks frowned hearing Barry’s words as the Builder kept talking “The High Council have been lenient towards Anubis when he balks orders by them and caught doing acts of sabotage which they haven’t bothered to punish him for his acts of defiance. I’m not sure what’s going on with their leniency towards that jackal. Hmph I suspect that it has something to do with being a living record of the past involving some world named Humania their nervous about destroying. They displayed the same behavior towards me when I was caught doing sabotage around their base several times after I admitted being some ruler if you know what I mean.” 
He nodded his head and heard Barry added “I’m wanted elsewhere seeing a situation that requires me so see you around.” 
He watched as Barry spoke in foreign language using the voice and disappeared in a flash of light. Jinks sighed and left the gym room to find Missy sitting in the hallway which he picked her up and cradled her to his chest and felt her purring vibrations as he carried her to the library room. Once inside he sat down and placed the cat on his lap then picked up his book and began reading it finding himself amused by it. Jinks read till the lights above blinked which he looked at the doorway to find Bill standing there. 
Bill spoke “You have a meeting to attend to I’m required to take you them.” 
He thumped the book onto the table marking his spot then lifted up Missy from his lap and placed her on the floor hearing nothing from her. 
He got up and followed Bill out to the elevator which inside he heard the butler speak “Table room five.” 
Jinks frowned as the elevator went to its destination and then stopped which he walked out seeing a familiar hallway and frowned as he followed Bill to a set of double doors that had two Human men standing in front of it armed with guns in their hands. He frowned as Bill knocked on the door three times then opened one of them. He walked inside and felt a filming sensation as the door slammed shut which he looked around the room seeing a circular table illuminated by a spotlight and saw people gathered in seats around it looking at him with reverence in their eyes. He walked forwards and saw one of them farthest from him stood up with arms folded which he recognized was Boo the Builder. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as he reached the table and stood folding his arms eyes on Boo who spoke “ah the Master has arrived as requested.” 
He heard the firmness of Boo’s voice kept his mouth shut as a hologram of scene appeared from a projector in the middle of the table which he saw with recognition was a picture of Robert and Victoria smiling while seated together on a bench with greenery in the background. 
Jinks frowned as Boo spoke “Those two are doing fine now. We managed to get the Meritanians to back off transporting them to the High Council or anywhere on that group’s base.”
He nodded his head in a short bob as the hologram faded from view and then Boo added “Rest assured that we have people monitoring those two for anything serious that the High Council attempts to pull on them.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Boo gave him a narrowed eyed look which he figured that the Builder wanted him to say something. 
Jinks spoke “Keep them safe to your best ability. I don’t want any bad results from the High Council period. I prefer the High Council to leave them alone and out of their war with me. See that it happens and make sure they stay out of the battle period.” 
He stared at Boo who spoke “You’ll have what you want ordered. You’re free to go. There’s business that requires work to keep those two safe from harm that must be discussed without you knowing about it. I don’t trust certain mind walkers to scan your mind through other ways and find out about what we’re doing.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut nodded his head and walked out of the room manipulating the door to meet Bill in the hallway. 
He stared at Bill who spoke “I’m to take you to your home now.” 
Jinks wordlessly followed Bill to the elevator and heard the butler give the order to the penthouse and felt the elevator move going to its destination followed by stopping showing the living room which he walked out followed by the male. Jinks went to sit on the couch and found Bill standing nearby staring at him with a familiar look on his face. 
He spoke “Dismissed Bill.” 
Jinks watched as Bill faded from view and then leaned back on the couch to hear a happy meow sound and felt pressure on his lap which he looked down to eye Missy who settled into a tummy sit position on him. Jinks rubbed her back and heard her give off a meow sounding like she didn’t want to be petted which he removed his hand and put it aside allowing the cat to sit on his lap. He stared at the ceiling till a light show flashed which made him looked down to see Kim standing there with a glare on her face. 
He frowned as she spoke sounding annoyed “I need your help with something.” 
Jinks removed Missy off his lap and stood up facing her which he speak “What do you have in mind for me to do?”
He heard from Kim “Get me this male named Trian. I want to talk to him. I’ll have you transported to his location to get him and then transported to another location of my choosing.” 
He nodded his head feeling disgust take hold but refrained from forming it on his face as the scene changed and he felt swords poking him all over while seeing they belonged to males appearing Human wearing various clothing. 
He heard a male voice speak Summeran “Tell Edenia that Trian is not for her to have.” 
He spoke “I would if I could. I hurt her physically when she asked me for help on some matter previously. She is quite angry at me and will not be willing to listen to me.” 
He stiffened as he felt the Master and Darkness brought forwards within him as he heard a new male voice sounding familiar speaking “Let him go now. I know Edenia will listen this time.” 
Jinks felt the swords off of him followed by the males surrounding him in a circle as he felt rage hitting him. He saw the scene changed to find himself in a cave room and saw Kim standing in front of a male reaching her hand towards his cheek with night vision blaring in his eyes sight. He roared an angry sound and saw the male look his way then abruptly backed up eyes still on him. Jinks glared at the male and shifted to see Kim turn around folding her arms with annoyance on her face. He snarled out a growl softly and went to Kim grabbing her chin with a hand and kissed her full on the mouth sensing her angry at his behavior. He felt her break off the kissing followed by pointed a hand curling into a fist aimed at him and saw her eyes narrow as he stared at her. He continued to stare at Kim who kept the fist held up in front of her and saw frustration appear on her face before shifting to aim the fist towards the male who disappeared in a flash of light followed by her doing the same. 
Jinks roared an angry sound heard from Lance speaking in his mind “Calm down now! It won’t help matters!”
He willed himself to calm shifted as the scene changed to show a hallway and double doors off his right which he brought a hand to the doorknob finding it locked backed up and waved a hand seeing them open wide showing Kim in an apparent bedroom standing with arms folded glaring at the familiar male he saw was a blonde that was standing a meter in front of her with some look of annoyance on his face. 
He roared an angry sound and saw the male look in his direction and speak face aimed at Kim “I told you that he has marked you as his from the smell and he’s standing in the doorway seeing me as a threat.” 
He saw Kim look in his direction with a glare on her face before resuming looking at the male who added “I belong to someone else who has me as hers so I can’t be yours. Besides your male would challenge me in a fight which I’ll lose if you attempt to touch me.” 
He stepped into the room glaring at the male as he went to Kim putting a hand on her shoulder that he sensed from the touch seemed furiously angry. Jinks watched as the male disappeared in a flash of light which he released his hold on her shoulder and stood staring at her. Jinks watched as she unfolded her arms and turned towards him who he faced his body towards her and didn’t flinch as her hand slapped him on the cheek hard.
 He kept his mouth shut as she spoke “You bastard had to ruin everything.”
Jinks heard from Lance as Kim paused “Let her hit you and keep your mouth shut. She needs to release her anger.” 
He obeyed as Kim again slapped him on the cheek and heard her speak in an angry tone “Thanks to you I’ll never get what I wanted was a mate who cares about me. You sick bastard to do this stunt on me keeping him from me.” 
He kept his mouth shut willed himself to calm as Kim he saw fisted her hands and then rained them onto his face hitting him there repeatedly while hearing her growling an angry nonsense sound. He forced himself to stand and not flinch from the fists hitting him till he felt her shoed feet kicking him in the legs and kept himself still as she continued to hit and kick him. Jinks forced himself to refrain from grimacing as one of her feet found his sensitive part and started kicking them there repeatedly as she continued her assault onto him. He felt pain from her kicking him in the sensitive part refrained from grimacing as she kept on hitting and kicking him. Jinks heard a baby crying noise sounding loudly off his left deducted from the noise that the baby was Nikolas who sounded upset to him. He continued to eye Kim who’s assault became slower and slower till she leaned against him head on his shoulder hands felt touching his chest despite the bullet proof vest on and heard crying sounds coming from her over the baby’s wailing noises. He kept his hands to himself as she continued to lean on his form while crying tears loudly as he continued to hear Nikolas wailing away. 
He heard from Lance “Hug her now.” 
Jinks obeyed putting arms around Kim holding her in a tight hold while having a hand rubbing the back of her head and felt her form shaking as her crying stopped. He continued to hear Nikolas’s noises adjusted their positions and guided her not resisting to the crib where the baby was lying inside it. He let go of Kim who didn’t protest to that and bent down hands into the crib lifting up Nikolas cradling the baby on his arm and hugged Kim with an arm with the baby sandwiched between them. Jinks heard Nikolas stop his crying noises and felt Kim wrap her arm around him while having a hand on the baby he saw and felt her head on his shoulder and heard her sobbing loudly. He kept himself calm feeling that she and Nikolas needed him that way from senses cued to the both of them. Jinks sighed softly feeling himself satisfied having them both in his arms as Kim continued to cry tears. He leaned the side of his chin on Kim’s head who kept her head on his shoulder while hearing her become silent followed by sensing her form give off a shaking vibration then it stopped. Jinks sighed as Kim removed herself from him taking Nikolas from his arm and cradled the baby to herself which he watched her go to the rocking chair to sit down. He watched her leaned down kissing Nikolas on the forehead then straightened up her form still holding the baby to herself in her arms with some look of sadness in them. He sighed and went to Kim gently putting a hand on her shoulder and placed his other hand on Nikolas’s head and stared at her in the face as she looked up to stare at him with some sad look in her eyes. 
Jinks spoke “Is he worth having me as yours?”
He saw Kim’s expression remained the same as she spoke voice sounding broken “Yes.” 
Jinks leaned down and kissed Kim on the lips a gentle kiss then broke it off to kiss her on the forehead then leaned down further to kiss Nikolas on the forehead before straightening up his form removing his hands from the both of them. He heard a sigh from Kim followed by her raising a hand towards him fisting it and found the scene changed to show himself standing in his living room of the penthouse to hear a meow sounding happy and felt Missy rubbing her body on his left leg. He sighed and bent down to rub Missy’s back that arched underneath his hands as she gave off mews sounding like she was happy to him. He continued to rub Missy before she gave up a yowl sounding annoyed followed by watching her go underneath the couch which he heard a familiar sound coming nearer and nearer. Jinks straightened up his form to see Barry walking into the room from the hallway and stood with a frown on his face. 
He spoke “Something I can do for you Barry?”
Barry he saw paused from walking and appeared to scrutiny him with eyes narrowing then the Builder spoke “Edenia’s interests in another is from him saving her life from a dangerous situation which made her think he was caring towards her for doing that. Too bad she didn’t realize that the life saving was because he recognized her and what her purpose was and figured out that she was needed alive hence he saving her life.” 
He frowned hearing Barry’s words who paused to clear his throat then continued talking “Someone made it clear to Edenia that she wasn’t to have this another due to him already having a female who has taken him as hers. It took her a bit to listen to them warning her of that. Rest assured that she has listened now and will leave him alone and focus on her offspring she bore.” 
Jinks nodded his head to stop bobbing it as Barry gave him a familiar look which he spoke “Just curious, you got any idea what this another meant by smelling a certain male’s scent on Edenia and telling her that he’ll lose the fight to the male who marked her with the scent which she was furious about took out her anger on me?”
He saw Barry’s eyes narrow followed by the Builder speaking “Interesting seems like something that reminds me of the past when certain male manoids wishing to keep other males off their females would mark the female by kissing them anywhere on the body that is below the female’s neck right on the chest and sometimes that involves sucking her feminine body parts that is also on the chest area.”
He stiffened hearing that as Barry paused to give him his familiar look which he spoke “Oh drat did that without realizing the consequences onto a female and now she’s stuck with me despite having offspring she bore I fathered Hmph. I don’t think she’ll be happy hearing that and will be pretty upset about it.” 
He gave up a harrumph sound as Barry’s expression became glaring which he added “Oh fine she used me as a punching bag after it was apparent that some male she was hitting on rejected her saying that he smelled my marking on her and my rude behavior towards that male me insisting on having her as mine.” 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth and frowned as Barry spoke “Interesting explains something but rest assured that she won’t react angrily to hearing your words due to that certain someone will explain the situation to her which I know is happening now from seeing it clear in my mind. You should be fine at the moment but be wary that she might use you again for helping her purposes whatever that’ll be when it comes up.” 
He opened his mouth and saw Barry held up a hand which he closed his mouth as the Builder added “I’m aware of that Edenia requested three things from you for doing a favor of saving three people’s lives which you already did them. I warn you that she might put aside the things you did in her favor and request more favors for you to do for her so be warned of that.”
He saw Barry lower his hand forming a glare on his face followed by the Builder speaking foreign language using the voice and disappearing in a flash of light which he sighed and heard a meow sound and again felt Missy’s body on his leg. He bent down and rubbed Missy’s back with a hand and felt her arch it underneath his hand’s motions. He sighed as Missy rubbed her face on his leg as he rubbed her back. Jinks saw a light show off his left sighed and straightened up turning to see Kim with arms folded a glare on her face. 
He wisely kept his mouth shut as she spoke “You owe me three favors for saving your life and two others which I will call upon those favors when the time arrives. I expect you to do those favors without question and no protesting. I will make your life more miserable if you refuse due to hearing that you’re already suffering from people not quitting giving you medical ailments. I hear that the medical ailments have wrecked you up that your not fully healed from it along with you having to give up certain positions of leadership to other people due to being knocked out too many times from sicknesses.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut forming a frown on his face as she pointed a finger at him and added “You’ll do what I say regarding those favors or else.” 
He nodded his head as she refolded her arm then disappeared in a flash of light. Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth and heard Missy give off a meow sounding annoyed to him who he looked down seeing the cat sitting on her haunches with ears flat on top of her head and eyes narrowed. 
He spoke out loud “Join the club.” 
Jinks heard nothing from Missy watched as she walked out of the living room into the hallway which he rubbed a hand on his forehead and sighed again followed by walking out of the living room to the hallway which he found his way blocked by Bill who kept doing it while clearing his throat. 
Jinks spoke “Something I can do for you Bill?”
He glared at the butler who pointed a finger to his eyes and pointed it at him. He growled recognizing the gesture willed the Master and Darkness away from him. 
Bill he glared at spoke “Your required meal is in the dining room as ordered.” 
He went to the dining room and found a tray holding dishware full of food which he sat down and gobbled up the food along with gulping down the cup of strawberry milkshake. He sighed once done to feel himself much better along with a sense of weariness hitting him. 
He groaned and heard from Lance “Jinks go to bed and get some rest. I suspect that Kim might have you do something that used a lot of energy.” 
He stretched his arms and yawned in response which he went to his bedroom and shut the doors behind him. He eyed the bed and went to it adjusting the pillow to lean against the head board for him to sit up leaning back which he proceeded to do and then sighed shutting his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare its noises sighed loudly and kept his eyes shut only to jerk them open when he heard a crying sound that reminded him of someone hurt. He lurched up into a sitting position looking around the room finding nothing amiss and frowned as he heard a meow sounding happy followed by Missy getting onto his lap which he gave up a groan figuring out that she gave up the noise to wake him up. He removed Missy off of him and got up from the bed and went into the bathroom. 

Jinks came out with disgust within him while wearing Master army clothes in the color of black along with lightweight combat boots on his feet. His hair was pulled back into a tail which he rubbed a hand on his forehead feeling himself further disgusted. He walked to the bedroom doors swinging them open to find Bill there that looked nervous which he figured that the butler wouldn’t talk as if ordered not to. He went to the dining room to find Boo there with Sochin typing on the laptop with a Highlander seated opposite them along with two Human men holding familiar objects in their hands and food ready for him. Jinks went to sit down and ate his food then stood up once done. He was handed the mask, gloves and guns then heard Boo speaking in foreign language using the voice and felt the Master and Darkness willed forwards. He eyed Boo who held up a device in his hand flashing a picture of a person he stiffened seeing it was Kim.
Jinks continued to stiffen as Boo spoke “This is your target. You’re to inject the syringe drug into her chest above the heart area and that’s it. Use the projectile gun for defense only. You’ll be transported to a location while we scramble your tracker then transported to target’s location.” 
Jinks nodded his head and mentally yelled “Lance what’s going on with this?!”
He heard nothing as Boo spoke in foreign language using the voice and found himself standing in a forest clearing that made him think it was sinister and heard familiar howling sounds followed by finding himself standing in a bedroom to see Kim lying on the bed on her stomach appearing to be passed out unconscious. He heard a familiar crying sound of Nikolas wailing away sounding hungry and felt a compulsion to grab her head by the hair and inject the syringe gun in her chest. 
He resisted opening his mouth and forcing himself to speak loudly “Kim wake up and stop me from hurting you.” 
He saw Kim remain motionless but sensed her still asleep as he fought the compulsion hitting him. He unhooked the syringe gun and hesitated towards her feeling himself still compelled. 
Jinks spoke repeating his words loudly speaking over and over “Kim wake up and stop me from hurting you.” 
He reached her and with swift moves grabbed her by the hair lifting her up and heard her gasp loudly followed by injecting her with the syringe right in the chest over the heart area then stepped back thumping her on the head and saw her appear to go unconscious from that. Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth letting go of Kim and felt his knees weak kneeled and found himself back in his dining room and didn’t protest as the guns, mask, gloves, Master and Darkness were removed from him as he continued to kneel feeling himself shocked with what he did to her. He continued to kneel staring at the wall till he felt a compulsion to get up and obeyed and found himself in his bedroom which he saw his bed and went to it putting the pillow up for him to lean back sitting up which he did and shut his eyes forcing himself to sleep only to open them as he felt sadness hitting him cried tears softly wailing nonsense sounds and then felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance who looked annoyed. 
He felt Lance put a hand on his chest and forehead keeping him calm as he frowned seeing a glare on his father’s face who spoke “The High Council poisoned Kim and she has been refusing people’s efforts to inject her with the antidote while you were out unconscious for two days. Luckily Nikolas was given the antidote to handle the poison she passed to him from feeding him which he’s inherited your trait of getting immune to poisons regardless of given the antidote or not. He seems to have inherited your ability to fight off poisons from his body reacting to being poisoned accidentally by his mother feeding him from her body so don’t worry he’ll be fine and so will Kim.” 
He groaned loudly hearing that as he heard ahem sound felt himself thrust to face the Meritanians along with Lance keeping a hand on his shoulder which he looked to see Ajax standing off his right. 
Jinks frowned as Ajax spoke “Predecessor, my father did it again. He caused one of the High Council members to pass away abruptly which the group is furious hearing that.” 
He sensed Ajax’s words were a lie spoke “Liar you’re lying.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut came to find himself underneath a tree to stand staring at his father and Ajax listening to them converse. 
He heard Lance speak “Spill it what’s really going on?”
He glared at Ajax who spoke appearing to not notice him “One of the High Council members passed away abruptly which was due to a malfunction of a machine device over the member’s heart organ that killed him. The remaining members are pretty upset due to that this member was the leader of the group and now they have to fight to pick someone to take his place.”
He continued to glare as Lance spoke “Why don’t you take that person’s place Ajax since your one of them?”
He looked at Ajax who spoke “Sorry I don’t qualify due to that the position goes to full Highlanders and that they won’t accept hybrids such as me for the leadership position. Also there’s this question mark about how I feel towards my father which the feelings are different from the current High Council’s feelings towards him. I don’t think I’ll take the leadership position anyway. I prefer to raise my offspring instead and keep myself out of this war the High Council seem to have with my father.” 
Jinks felt a hand grabbing on the shoulder and felt he pulled backwards till bushes appeared in his eyes sight which he frowned as he felt himself stopped and looked off his left to see himself give off a sinister laugh. 
Jinks spoke “Spill it what did you do?”
Himself he stared at spoke “Ah something the High Council didn’t count on is me manipulating their machines implanted in their bodies to end their lives. Worked the first time and believe me it’ll work again no matter how many times which all you have to do is mentally order the device to stop and it’ll do it ending life. Remember that.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut felt himself passing out unconscious.

Jinks came to find himself next to Lance who looked at him before speaking “The High Council captured Edenia and put her in suspended animation sleep. That’s courtesy of the Meritanians whining about her controlling them to do her whims way too much and now she’s out.” 
He spoke “What about her son Nikolas?”
He stared at Lance who forced his eyes shut as he heard a sound that sounded familiar jerked open his eyes to hear the sound was of a baby. He got up from the bed and darted towards his bathroom door to find Nikolas lying on the floor wailing away. He went to the baby and picked him up cradling him to himself. Jinks felt Nikolas stop his wailing to coo which he held and jerked as the scene changed to find himself in the High Council’s throne room arms again grabbed by the Falcons which he kept a tight hold on the baby. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Anybus take the baby and toss it in the gate.” 
He shifted towards Anubis and spoke “Don’t you dare do that.” 
He repeated his words as Anubis walked up to him and punched him in the face before yanking Nikolas out of his arms. He growled an annoyed sound as Anubis he saw disappeared from view. 
He heard Shad again speak “Ramses knock him out now.” 
He felt sleepiness jerked against the sleepiness and then shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. He dreamed of darkness to see a light far ahead of him showing two people with male and female forms standing in front of it the male having arms wide. Jinks felt himself floating towards them seeing their forms remained blacked out even when he reached them only to feel a hand gripping his right hand yanking him backwards away from the light as the scene went black. 

Jinks dreamed of facing Lance who appeared to scrutiny him which he spoke “what the depths happened to me?”
He stared at Lance who spoke “Ah some stunt the High Council tried to do ending your life but didn’t work. I wouldn’t be surprised if they pull that again finding some desired results with that stunt.” 
He opened his mouth and felt his eyes forced shut to dream of a male he recognized was Eric standing next to a bed holding a hand with gloved hands staring at a figure lying on the bed with pleading on his face. He continued to dream as the view shifted to show himself lying on the bed that appeared to be a hospital bed with an oxygen mask over the lower half of his face and his eyes were open looking dead to the world. He frowned as the scene went black to again dream of Lance. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Interesting.” 
He spoke “Someone called me from the dead.” 
He heard ahem from the Meritanians felt himself thrust to face the plants which he looked off his right to see Ajax with a confused look on his face. 
Jinks spoke “Something I can do for you?”
He stared at Ajax who spoke sounding pleading “Predecessor.” 
Jinks felt his eyes forced shut to find himself standing in a jungle and felt a hand on his shoulder which he looked to see himself give off a sinister laugh. 
Jinks frowned as himself spoke “Hah the High Council forgot when they took Edenia out of commission that she’s your equal as Queen of the Underworld which you’re Lord of. Her powers I assure you now go to you including the ability to control the Meritanians by mentally ordering them to do the orders along with ordering them to transport people your hand fisted is aimed at.”
He frowned as himself gave up another sinister laugh then added “Oh don’t worry about Nikolas the three elementals have their hands on him and have taken him to someplace safe out of the High Council’s hands which is off Shadan through a gate. I suspect that your son will be back once he’s grown enough to cause the High Council some trouble.”
He formed a frown on his lips as himself forced his eyes shut which he passed out unconscious. 

Jinks heard a ringing sound very loudly came to find himself held up in a standing position by familiar hands that felt gloved and he was wearing nothing but pants on his form without his underwear underneath. Jinks opened his eyes and stood his form glaring at the High Council as he sensed himself not suffering from any medical ailment. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Someone called me from the dead?”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth hearing his words echoed which he figured that Ajax overheard them judging by the expression on his son’s face. 
He spoke “Just had a dream of something that made me think that.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as Onya spoke “Interesting. Ramses knock him out now.” 
He yelled “Hold it I want to say something first!”
He heard Shad speak “So talk Horus.” 
Jinks spoke “What do you plan to do about the Traveler?”
He heard both speakers in response say in unison “Ramses knock Horus out now.” 
He gave up a sinister laughing sound as sleepiness arrived within him and he shut his eyes still laughing as he passed out unconscious to dream of standing underneath a tree and on a beach ahead of him was Lance having back to him as he saw Ajax appear next to him. 
Jinks continued to watch as Lance turned to face Ajax who spoke “Why are you still here? They killed off my father.” 
He eyed Lance who spoke “How should I know? Take it up with the All Seeing One deity Lord of us all.” 
Jinks frown hearing sarcasm from Lance as Ajax spoke “I saw my father’s body burned after he was declared dead.” 
He heard from Lance “You sure of that, Ajax?”
He eyed Ajax who spoke “Actually I was in the High Council’s throne room watching it on their monitors of my father burned by eater while he was covered up in a High Council robe.” 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Hmph High Council robe? What’s up with that since the High Council obvious hates him?”
He eyed Ajax who spoke sounding like he was groaning “That High Council robe was to hide my father from people hacking into the recorders and interfering with the scene. Besides we normally dump bodies of the dead into some pool for some trapped gonoid First Ones dub Megadon to eat and get rid of the bodies for us. Burning them isn’t our usual thing besides my father survived being eaten by a Megadon that threw him up and was apparently sick from the swallowing that lasted two suns due to ignoring bodies thrown at the thing.” 
He heard Lance speak “Interesting.” 
Jinks gave up a sinister laugh as if compelled and walked forwards taking a step to find himself standing between Lance and Ajax which he saw his son looked bugged eyed as he continued laughing. 
Jinks forced Ajax’s eyes shut and then turned to face Lance who flared black eyes which made him feel nervous as his father spoke “If you’re still alive what did the High Council do with your body and who they killed off?”
Jinks cut his laughing as Lance forced his eyes shut which he came to hearing the familiar sound of his alarm clock blare jerked open his eyes lurching up in a sitting position senses blaring that he wasn’t alone in the room. He looked off his left to see a Highlander wearing medical scrubs staring at him with a frown on the male’s face. 
The Highlander he stared at spoke “Excuse me device on your chest I need to remove.” 
Jinks looked down watching the Highlander removed a flat paneled device off his chest then continued to stare at the male who stuffed it in a duffle bag on the floor then stood up straightening his form. 
Jinks spoke “Spill it what the depths happened to me?”
He glared at the Highlander who spoke “Oh just the usual joke played by the Meritanians getting you out of the High Council’s hands and having them burn one of their dead to make the group think they succeeded in killing you.”
Jinks frowned hearing the Highlander’s words as he spoke “Ugh how long it’ll take them to figure out that the joke was played on them?”
He heard from the Highlander “The time varies but believe me heads will roll once they find out they were betrayed by their own servants who had a hand in keeping you alive and making it seem that you were dead to the group.” 
Jinks frowned as the Highlander turned aside to fold a lap top and picked it up by a handle before bending down to pick up the duffle bag and straightened up his form. 
Jinks spoke “What’s up with them wanting me alive despite the group wanting me dead?”
He saw a big frown appear on the Highlander’s face who spoke “I’m not the one to tell you this. Learn it from someone else. As your doctor I recommended you go back to sleep and get some more rest. It’s seven o’clock in the evening now and I was just checking to make sure you survived the latest stunt pulled by the High Council.” 
Jinks frowned watching as the Highlander walked off which he watched the male leave his bedroom shutting one of the doors behind him with a hand still holding the duffel bag strap. He sighed and heard a meow sounding and sensed Missy come out from underneath his bed which he cued his senses to her and watched her get onto the bed going to her cat bed and watched her tummy sit in it. Jinks sighed and laid his form down and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance who had an all black eyed glare making him nervous. 
Lance he stared at spoke “Hmph some of the servants of the High Council are seeing you as some sort of deity due to your deathless state and that they’ll do anything to keep you unharmed and alive and out of the High Council’s hands.” 
He frowned hearing that as Lance paused to give up a harrumph sound before adding “That view is spreading among the servants pretty fast due to certain Highlanders’ convincing talk to them. The Meritanians managed to help them transport you off the High Council’s base to your home for rest. The servants managed to destroy the device that registers your signal in the High Council’s home base just to keep them from being aware that you’re still alive. Oh the Meritanians hinted through their talk that the reason for helping you involves some link detected with the Shadonia and needing to keep you alive so that species won’t kill themselves to extinction.”
He continued to frown feeling himself no longer nervous as Lance continued talking “You owe the Meritanians a favor so don’t give them any trouble and make them regret helping you.”
He saw Lance’s eyes narrow glaring at him which he spoke sensing the Meritanians eavesdropping on the conversation “Father, something tells me that Edenia’s powers went to me after the High Council put her out of commission. She has shown an ability to control the Meritanians by making them transport people and herself by mental orders including a hand gesture movement which she demonstrated in front of me.” 
He paused to see Lance’s face remained the same which he added “That’s all I know of Edenia’s powers and her involvement with the Meritanians. By the way just prior to her out of commission state she came to me and told me that I owe her several favors and that she was planning something for me to do for her and wanted me to do it without complaint. She made it seem that she had a solution to helping me stop suffering medical ailments from certain people if I did her favors as ordered.” 
He clamped his mouth shut to see Lance look at the Meritanians by the head gesture then look back at him which he added “I don’t know much more about Edenia and her power abilities besides her controlling the Meritanians to do transportation to get around place to place. That’s all I know about her and her abilities as my equal to the Lord of the Underworld status.” 
He frowned as Lance appeared to look him up and down by the head gesture before speaking “Interesting anything else?”
Jinks spoke “Ugh someone told me that she was being told of me marking her which got some male she was hitting on to reject her and an explanation to my rude behavior. Was that you telling her that?”
He frowned as he stared at Lance who spoke “Hmph figured it out didn’t ya? Well she took the news quite nasty and threatened to have you serve her whims for mating and having you baby sit Nikolas once he was old enough to not be dependant on her so she could do whatever she wanted to do with her manipulating the Meritanians. The Meritanians didn’t like her attitude blabbed everything to the High Council who tried to poison her but you gave her the antidote. The High Council wound up ordering her captured and put in some suspended animated sleep. They figured that dumping your son in the gate was better than raising him to their beliefs due to that your offspring raised with their servants have turned out to want to have nothing to do with killing you off and have balked doing the assassination despite ordered.” 
He frowned hearing that as Lance stopped talking which he spoke “What about Ajax?”
He got a harrumph from Lance who spoke “Oh Ajax has displayed the same attitude over the years he was raised and is still displaying that attitude. Your son has refused to get involved in this war with you and the High Council despite the group threatening him and his offspring bodily harm. Ajax would rather die than get involved in this war anyway. That attitude is shared with his offspring and your offspring as well including Robert and Victoria. They don’t want to get involved and will do anything to get out of being in this war.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Lance gave up another harrumph sound which he spoke “I heard that the Elementals got a hold of Nikolas my son with Edenia and transported him off Shadan to be raised elsewhere.” 
He felt himself gagged on the throat by Lance’s hand along with his father’s other hand on his forehead to feel a headache of his mind scanned and recalled conversations with his sinister self flashing in his mind. 
He heard Lance speak “So you can communicate with the Traveler interesting. Just curious as to why the Traveler would do that considering he never communicated with me when I had a body and ignored my attempts of communication with him when I first detected him causing trouble.”
He groaned out “I don’t know much about that.” 
He felt Lance’s hand on his throat become more ironclad gagging him further as his father removed his hand from his forehead followed by the headache stopping. 
Jinks gagged as Lance spoke “Ah well next time the Traveler communicates with you tell him to lay off torturing the High Council and that they’ll stop retaliating by giving you medical ailments just so you can heal up and be at full strength to manipulate things around Shadan when needed. Also I don’t know how Meritania managed the planet without your elemental help which I suspect that Edenia was doing your job due to her being your equal to the Lord of the Underworld status.”
Jinks gagged out as he felt Lance’s hand become a bit looser “Ugh fine I’ll tell the Traveler what you said.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut came to find himself standing in a clearing among bushes and felt a familiar hand on his left shoulder along with hearing a familiar sinister laughing sound. 
Jinks looked off his left to see himself which he spoke “Can’t you lay off torturing the High Council so that they’ll stop retaliating by giving me medical ailments? I’m fed up with that and it’s annoying.” 
He glared at himself who spoke with sarcasm “A pity our daddy doesn’t get it that the High Council want you dead and will do anything to kill you off. The High Council for some reason have refused to drop this attitude despite my manipulating with threats aimed at them their aware I’m causing. Their, the ones responsible for this war not me. I’m just teaching them a lesson in getting them to drop their attitude which they have stubbornly refused to get rid of despite me threatening them.”
Jinks spoke as himself paused “Perhaps you’re the reason why their not dropping the attitude for their probably doing it to spite you and your threats.” 
Jinks felt a hand on his throat gagging him and saw an angry look on him self’s face with eyes flaring all black followed by himself speaking “I don’t like your words and drop the attitude now or else.” 
He gagged out “Just curious as how you were created to cause trouble on my behalf.”
He felt the hand off his throat groaned and stared at himself who spoke “The High Council created me and that’s all you should know. They refused to have anything to take responsibility to the creation of me despite me telling them off about it. Oh the High Council can communicate with me by simply thinking of me and I’ll talk to them back. It doesn’t matter if their awake or asleep for there’s always communication between me and them which includes that offspring of ours named Ajax. A pity Ajax is pathetic when it comes to communicating with him he’ll tell me anything just to get me to go away and out of his mind.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing him self’s words which he thought mentally “Oh no the Traveler’s got to be the reason why the High Council want me dead and will do anything to kill me off just to silence him.” 
He felt himself gagged on the throat again gagged out “What’s up with that?”
Jinks narrowed his eyes aimed at himself to sense the hand gagging him shaking followed by being removed to see himself put a hand on his forehead while giving off a loud growling sound. Jinks frowned staring at himself who put another hand on his forehead with form appearing to be shaking and continued to hear growling sounds coming from him sounding loudly. Jinks frowned further as himself removed a hand from his forehead and forced his eyes shut which he felt himself passing out unconscious to come to hearing his alarm clock blaring its noises. He jerked open his eyes to stare at the ceiling and sat up hearing a meow sounding happy. He looked at Missy sitting in her cat bed with some happy look in her eyes sighed and swung the blankets off his form which he got up from the bed thinking it’ll do him some good which he entered the bathroom to pause near the mirrors. He went to one and stared at himself through it seeing he looked the same as ever with an odd look in his eyes that made him think it was sinister. He saw the blue eyes flare red colored as he thought of the High Council and felt himself getting angry with the emotion running though him as his face formed an angry look. 
He glared at himself in the mirror with red eyes and heard from Lance “Jinks, stop it. Just calm down and let others handle the High Council including getting them to lay off torturing you.” 
He mentally spoke “They better be snappy for I’m not in a good mood.” 
He heard from Lance “Jinks, cut the eye look by stop being angry and let others handle this. Your eyes I warn you will always flare that eye look whenever you’re in an angry mood so stop it now.” 
Jinks felt a headache of his mind scanned and felt the angry mood go away followed by his eyes stop flaring red colored along with the pain stopping which he sighed and stripped himself of his pants then entered the shower finding nothing amiss with it as he soaped and shampooed himself thoroughly and rinsed himself off the substances. He sighed again to walk out grabbing the towel to dry himself fully then dumped the towel back onto the warming rack which he went to the sink counter to put a hand on his clothes sitting on the sink counter in a folded position and again felt his mood evaporate as he felt them different from what he was expecting. Jinks yanked one of them up to glare at it seeing it was a Master Organization army top with an imbedded bullet proof vest in it which he snarled out a growling sound feeling himself angry. 
He again heard from Lance “Jinks stop it now. Just trust me and put the clothes on. I know what’s going on so let me handle it trust me please.” 
He obeyed to put on the clothes and combat boots on his feet then brushed his hair feeling compelled to keep it down as he glared at himself in the mirror finding his eyes flaring a red color as he felt himself still angry. Jinks once done with the hairbrush dropped it onto the sink counter and stomped out of the bathroom heading to the bedroom doors which once reaching them he yanked them open to glare at Bill that formed nervousness seeing him. Jinks without a word stomped passed Bill heading to the dining room to find Boo there with Sochin typing on the laptop. He saw Boo look in his direction and saw the Builder widen his eyes seeing him looking at him. Jinks gave a glare and went to sit down and ate his food finding himself ravenously hungry which he gobbled up everything then gulped down the cups of strawberry milkshakes. He once done pushed aside the tray and placed his legs on the table crossing them along with folding his arms as he shifted his eyes to glare at Boo who continued to stare at him with a widen eyed look. 
Jinks spoke “Spill it Builder what do you have in mind for me to do? It better be worth my time.” 
He glared at Boo who a double take looked before resuming leaning over Sochin’s shoulder to stare at the laptop. Jinks glared at Boo who spoke in foreign language with Sochin answering him as both conversed back and forth. He sensed presences of three people entering the room which he looked to see were three males two Humans and a Highlander that did double take looks when he glared at them sensing that they could see his red eyes.
He eyed the Humans seeing that they held their familiar objects and felt disgust take hold cutting off his angry feeling as Boo he heard spoke “About time you got here. Good proceeded as planned now.” 
Jinks felt disgusted got up from the chair swinging his legs off the table and went to the Human men who did double take looks seeing him which he took the clothes putting them on and took the guns from them. He willed the Master and Darkness through and turned to glare at Boo with narrowed eyes. Jinks glared at Boo who held up his hand holding his familiar device showing a hologram of a person he stiffened seeing it was Alexei Zesky.
Jinks heard Boo speak “This is your target. You’re to inject him with the syringe’s drug anywhere on the neck area and make sure it’s that area period. We’ll scramble your tracker so that they won’t know of that your coming so be ready to be transported to his location now.”
Jinks held the bullet gun in his hand and waited as Boo spoke in foreign language using the voice and found the scene changed to show a bedroom which he darted towards the doorway to peer into it seeing a living room and found Alexei staring out a window with back to him. Jinks unhooked the syringe gun and darted towards Alexei only to halt and feel compelled to inject the drug into his own neck instead of the man’s. Jinks felt the compulsion too much obeyed and felt himself falling to the floor going unconscious while hearing a loud door slamming sound before he passed out to dream of facing Lance. 
He stared at Lance who looked at him up and down before speaking “Drop the clothes Jinks. Take them off now.” 
Jinks obeyed finding them gonoid looking which he threw into the water finding them dissolving and found his black medieval clothes in its place of his nakedness. He sighed and heard ahem sounding turned to face the Meritanians while looking at Ajax who formed nervousness on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Ajax spoke “Predecessor.” 
He heard the pleading in his son’s voice felt his eyes forced shut to find himself standing underneath a tree watching Lance and Ajax hug each other while his son looked freaked out nervous. 
Jinks frowned as Lance let go of Ajax to keep hands on his son’s shoulders before speaking “Don’t worry about the Traveler. He won’t be bothering you for awhile.” 
Jinks found his father’s words the truth as Ajax nodded his head followed by speaking “I can’t stand the Traveler period.” 
Jinks found himself standing next to Lance who looked at him with a glare which he shrugged and kept his mouth shut as his father forced Ajax’s eyes shut who disappeared in a flash of light. 
Jinks spoke “Spill it father what the depths is going on having me transported to the Zesky hospital only to knock myself out instead of my target?”
He glared at Lance who glared back and with a hand forced his eyes shut as he came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder and he was lying on a bed wearing nothing but some dress that felt like a hospital gown with a blanket on top. He felt the hand shaking become harder which he jerked open his eyes and felt the shaking stop and looked to see Alexei standing next to the bed a glare on the male’s face. 
Jinks frowned speaking “Excuse me I was trying to sleep.”
He felt chain manacles on his wrists and ankles as Alexei folded his arms and spoke “That’s not all you were trying to do wasn’t it?”
He shrugged and spoke “I don’t know what your point is.” 
Jinks saw Alexei’s look become more glaring sighed and spoke again “Oh fine somebody had me target you with some syringe drug which I wound up injecting myself with. Satisfied?”
He glared at Alexei who kept the glare on the male’s face still aimed at him whom he frowned as the male pointed a finger at his eyes and jabbed it at him. 
Jinks willed the Master and Darkness away from him and spoke “That’s something that is a part of my hybrid status.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut as Alexei shook his head in a no gesture before the male spoke “No uh had you checked out and there’s nothing to indicate that from your hybrid status so it’s something else. Spill it Jinks now.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth and spoke “Just abilities for being partly an elemental and a deity.” 
He clamped his mouth shut to frown as Alexei spoke “You’re referring to Lance Richard who I’m familiar with from having people who worship him in my life which your face is similar to him.” 
Jinks frowned to nod his head figuring that it was best to keep his mouth shut as Alexei continued talking “I had you tested thoroughly for those abilities seeing them clear in your eyes which they couldn’t find anything to indicate that. Hmph your explanation of being an elemental and deity sure explains your eyes I saw detected in you.” 
Jinks frowned to nod his head as Alexei gave him a glaring look which he figured that the male wanted him to talk. 
He spoke “Fine I’ve been like this for a long time and my offspring have inherited some of the abilities which were passed down to them including their descendants.”
He clamped his mouth shut forming a thin line while staring at Alexei who continued to glare at him. 
He heard a faint ringing noise saw Alexei turn around back to him speaking loudly “Yes?” 
He heard a pause followed by Alexei speaking “Fine I’ll be there. Handle the patient on my orders.” 
He frowned as Alexei turned around and pointed a finger at him while speaking “Don’t do anything foolish. I’m keeping an eye on you.” 
He frowned as Alexei walked to the door shutting it in a gentle slam which he sighed and felt an irritation hitting him groaned and mentally willed the Master through to charge up his body full of electricity. He felt the manacles on him snap off which he sat up as the door to the room banged open showing a male flaring eye of an Amula holding a gun while wearing a uniform. 
He spoke “Bathroom.”
Jinks frowned as the male aimed the gun at him and pulled the trigger which he saw a dart came out of it caught it and threw it at the Amula who flinched from it imbedded in his shoulder before collapsing to the floor. Jinks got up and went to the door leading to the bathroom only to feel a leg kick him from behind knocking him onto the floor. He looked around seeing no one and felt a fist hit him on the head multiple times followed by sleepiness groaned loudly and shut his eyes passing out unconscious as the fisting continued. 

He dreamed of Lance who spoke “Alexei thinks you can travel to place to place from entering doorways something that is part of the species you’re a hybrid of. Don’t blame me for him coming up with that view but that’s what he suspects due to seeing your eyes and hearing a door slam sound loudly in his quarters just as you appeared falling to the floor unconscious. Oh that was Eric who knocked you out due to him sensing you in Alexei’s quarters and figured out that you were going to cause him harm. I don’t know how but Eric somehow got the Meritanians to knock yourself out from them saying that they detected something suspicious going on involving him and had to do the knocking out.” 
Jinks frowned nodded his head and felt Lance forced his eyes shut which he came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder jerked open his eyes to find himself chained to the bed along with an object felt wrapped around his sensitive part which he figured out what it was and groaned rolling his eyes releasing the toxins from within him as the hand shaking him stopped. He sighed once done and focused his eyes on Alexei standing next to his bed with arms folded a glare on the male’s face. He frowned and willed the Master away from him figuring it was annoying Alexei who gave him a glaring look.
Alexei he stared at spoke “Interesting eye look minus the Builder like eyes hmm.” 
He kept his mouth shut as he heard a ringing sound watched as Alexei turned around back to him speaking “Yes?”
He heard a pause followed by Alexei speaking “I’ll be there.”
He frowned as Alexei turned around and spoke to him “Don’t do anything foolish. I’m watching you.” 
He watched as Alexei left the room and sighed examining the manacles to see wires around them appearing to go underneath his body. He frowned as he sensed a flat paneled object on the back of his neck figured that it was part of the manacles’ restraint. He sighed again and stared at the ceiling and frowned as a hand gloved waved over his eyes which he shifted them to stare off the side of his bed was a male figure wearing all black clothing that reminded him of Master Organization army wear while wearing some kind of mask covering the entire head and eyes blacked out by something resembling sunglasses attached to the mask. 
Jinks frowned as the male moved his black gloved hands making gestures he recognized as sign language and understood him saying “Why did you balk targeting Alexei and put the drug onto yourself?”
Jinks opened his mouth and shut it then looked at his hands only to look at the male who again signed “I’m hearing not deaf. I just can’t talk due to medical reasons.” 
Jinks spoke “I couldn’t go through with the targeting. Felt it was wrong to do it and did it on myself.”
He frowned as the male signed “Oh really? That’s not the impression I got when I was in Alexei’s quarters catching you sneaking up behind him. I sensed something hitting you and you brought the drug to yourself. I slammed the door to his quarters due to him leaving it open just to get his attention. He hates it when I’m behind him and touch him trying to get his attention.”
Jinks frowned as the male folded his arms and sensed that he wanted an explanation which he spoke “Fine I was compelled to inject the drug into myself which I couldn’t fight the compulsion and did it.” 
He saw the male nod his head which he added “Thanks to you slamming the door Alexei thinks I can travel through doorways place to place a part of some species that I’m a hybrid of. Why don’t you just admit to him of the door slamming bit so I can get these restraints off of me? It’s unnecessary having them.” 
He glared at the male who signed “I already took the liberty of doing that admitting to Alexei but he insisted that you wear the restraints. What he orders is done around here and people obey and that includes me obeying him.” 
Jinks felt himself getting angry saw the male did a double take look which he spoke in an angry tone “What’s so special about Alexei to get people to do his orders without question?”
He saw the male turned sideways head turning to aim at the door which he saw Alexei standing there with arms folded a glare on the man’s face. 
Jinks glared back as Alexei spoke “Interesting eye change.” 
He felt himself still angry as Alexei spoke gesturing to the male with a finger “You out of sight so I can talk to him without seeing you around.”
He eyed the male who faded from view and watched as Alexei walked up to the bed folding his pointing arm and added “I had an interesting conversation with some Builder via communication device that refused to give up his name admitting about manipulating you to be sent to here for testing after hearing something suspicious from the Meritanians via Highlander voicing their talk.”
Jinks felt himself getting more furious growled out as Alexei paused “Wait till I get my hands on that Builder. It’s not the first time he and my so called minions manipulated me to do things without explaining them fully to me in my face. I’m fed up with this crap pulled on me and I aim to get my hands on that Builder and teach him a lesson for those manipulating stunts he ordered others to pull onto me.” 
He growled a nonsense sound finding himself furious while fisting his hands and looked away from Alexei to glare at the ceiling. He felt a headache hitting him followed by his anger going away making him calm and felt the pain stop which he exhaled a breath through his mouth. 
He heard Alexei speak “Interesting reaction to the Meritanians scanning you.” 
He stiffened hearing Alexei’s words shifted his eyes towards the male who continued “Ah I can sense the Meritanians scanning people and myself from my senses alerting me of that but nothing I can do to keep those plants out of my mind or out of the minds of others. They scan whenever they want and nothing I can do about stopping them from doing it. I suspect that they’ll be discussing what’s going on around here with the High Council due to being aware that their very talkative to the group regarding you and whatever situation is happening at the moment involves you. The High Council from sources seems to have some nosy obsessed interest in you and your life due to the Meritanians heard talking to them about you.”
Jinks felt himself still calm frowned hearing Alexei’s words as the male stopped talking to glare at him which he figured that he wanted him to say something. 
Jinks spoke “Alright the High Council for some unexplained reason won’t stop giving me medical ailments just to kill me off that I keep surviving their assassination attempts. Most of those attempts have resulted in knocking me out unconscious for a few days to sleep off the medical ailment which keeps happening too many times to count. As a result my leadership in some group was dropped and someone took my place to take control and keep the group from falling apart. They haven’t bothered to admit this leadership change to me in my face which I had to find out through some other sources that have me annoyed. I’m not happy that my people won’t admit things to me in my face and keep hiding things from me including manipulating me to do things without an explanation. This includes the latest stunt of making me target you which I wound up knocking myself out just so that they could get me here and have you test me which they didn’t bother to give me an explanation for that manipulating. All they had to do was tell it to me in my face and I would have done it without complaint. It’s annoying.” 
He gave up a harrumph sound as Alexei spoke “Oh really would you really have come to here if you were told to do it?”
He heard the sarcasm in Alexei’s voice tone which he spoke “I would have anyway just to see if I’m recovered fully from the medical ailments that the High Council keeps throwing at me.”
He heard from Lance “Sorry Jinks but I know you too well that you wouldn’t have come anyway despite them asking you to do it hence the manipulating.” 
Jinks heard Alexei speak as Lance became silent “Interesting name you’re called, Jinks which also means bad luck. I’m surprised that you’re still using that name to call yourself.”
He frowned hearing Alexei’s words as he heard from Lance “He’s given people the impression that he hates doctors and won’t have anything to do with them.” 
He stiffened as he saw Alexei nod his head with some awareness look in the male’s face that suggested that he heard Lance talking through him. 
Jinks mentally spoke “Father, what impression are you talking about? I haven’t done anything to make it seem like I hate doctors.” 
He heard from Lance “Don’t mind my son, Alexei. He hates doctors by instinct due to the High Council throwing medical ailments on him and he’s fed up with their tests.” 
Jinks frowned as he heard Alexei’s voice mentally speaking in his mind shocking him “Interesting Lance. What else should I do to him while he’s here? All the tests were done on him and found nothing seriously wrong with him except something that indicates that he needs to get lots of sleep without medical ailments interrupting it just to get back to full strength and be healthy. He’s not fully at his highest strength level from tests indicate it and not fully healthy yet.” 
He heard from Lance “Well the High Council will find out about this and pull something due to being aware that he has abilities that involve his eyes changing to something and believe me they’ll do it just to keep him from causing them trouble.” 
He heard from Alexei mentally “You’re talking about the Meritanians blabbing it to them hmm? Hmph those plants from my impression seemed to be amused with blabbing things to the High Council about Jinks surviving medical ailments just to get the group to have angry fits and keep them occupied with their anger.” 
Jinks frowned as he heard from Lance “Hmph I figured that out myself but this time the Meritanians haven’t said anything yet but I know them too well that they’ll talk once the opportunity arrives.” 
He felt a headache and heard a familiar voice sounding in his mind “High Council, spill it the Traveler is why you want Horus dead just to get rid of the ghost and keep him from scaring you. Don’t deny it I can sense it clear in your minds that the Traveler has you freaked out enough to cause medical ailments to Horus.” 
Jinks felt himself angry gripped his hands tighter with nails digging into his palms hearing Ramses’ talk as the Meritanian continued “Ooh Horus admitted that he can communicate with the Traveler just prior to you removing him permanently. Just be warned that another Horus will take his place due to sensing something going on among the restless natives on the mainland and no its not Robert his son he fathered but someone else.” 
Jinks felt hands gripping his fists forcing them out of the fisted position as he again heard Ramses speak sounding sarcastic “How technological advanced do you think the First Ones are involving Horus and keeping his image intact as Emperor of Shadan among the people?”
Jinks felt the hands stop manipulating his hands as he felt his anger stop hitting him followed by Ramses speaking “Don’t blame me but those First Ones are willing to do anything to spite you by doing something to keep Horus seen alive among the natives on the mainland which they already did something and will make sure that he’s seen alive period.” 
Jinks felt the hands release their hold on his hands as he again heard Ramses speak “Well you’re advanced enough to create Highlanders from cylinder tubes and so are the First Ones which they already have done that to create another Horus with some differences sensed from him which you’ll see what I mean once its apparent he displays the differences.” 
Jinks stiffened hearing Ramses’ words as the headache stopped and heard from Lance “Jinks, Ramses isn’t telling the truth involving you. The High Council’s servants kept you alive enough to have you transported by the Meritanians to your home where your doctors monitored you sleeping. I have to admit that the Traveler hasn’t made a peep the whole time you were out unconscious due to that he now inhibits you with you in control. Evidence of the Traveler is by your eyes flaring red whenever your angry which is a permanent thing along with you sounding like him when in that mood.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth as Lance became silence to hear a clinking sound and felt the restraints off of him along with the device off the back of his neck. 
He sat up to stare at Alexei who spoke “There’s nothing more I can do for you here so return home and get some sleep while your at it.” 
He felt himself falling backwards found himself landing on a rugged floor swung himself up with a karate move and looked around while hearing a meow sounding loudly. Jinks saw himself in his bedroom eyed his bed feeling himself tired and yawned loudly. He went to the bed yanking back the blankets and got in throwing the blankets up to his chest and shut his eyes. 

He dreamed of a cylinder tube that was standing vertically that clouded up then showed a figure of a male inside with his face and short hair looks that reminded him of someone but couldn’t place it with pointed ears of a Highlander followed by the dream becoming black as the scene shifted to show Lance. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Guess the latest stunt that the High Council pulled this time?”
He frowned forming it on his lips as Lance continued talking “The High Council recreated your son Lance Knight with Highlander characteristics in some cylinder tube thinking that they’ll use him to foot your seat permanently if you turn out to cause them trouble.”
He stiffened hearing Lance’s words as his father continued talking “The High Council brought Ramses’ tube explanation fully involving a new Horus being created to take your place. Their not sure what to make of the new Horus due to that the Meritanians aren’t talking much by Builders ordering them to keep their mouths shut. I warn you that this cylinder tube explanation that Ramses talked about has been believed by a majority of your people including High Council servants due to others hidden planting evidence pointing to it and that involves you flaring red eyes in their presence. This resulted in you tricked in going to the Zesky Hospital for a full test which they found that you’re fully identical with no explanation for your eye change.”
Jinks groaned softly as Lance continued talking “Oh there’s several people that are aware of the deception and believe me that number is small and they don’t have to worry about the Meritanians blabbing about the trick to the High Council due to that some of them are Builders who can detect their minds scanned. One of those people is Alexei himself who’s not fooled by what Ramses said including one other serving him who is ordered to not to talk about it period.” 
Jinks groaned again as Lance gave him an all black eyed glare that made him nervous which he stiffened as his father added “The High Council isn’t smart recreating your son due to that he’ll have full memories of his life with you along with that of Highlander indicated to be a High Council member that passed away. I suspect that your son won’t get involved in this war due to that his instincts will keep him out of it when he’s near you. Ajax has admitted to me of having instincts sensed blaring within him to not to hurt you that are too powerful to overcome whenever he’s in your presence which I suspect will hit Lance Knight himself. It’s a pity that the High Council needs to think straight when they fight their battles with you.” 
Jinks groaned loudly as Lance narrowed his eyes and forced his eyes shut which he felt himself passing out unconscious and came to hearing the alarm blaring in his ear. He rolled over yanking the blankets over his head and heard a familiar sound of someone crying in pain ignored it to keep sleeping. 
Jinks continued to hear the sound spoke out loud “Missy cut making that sound now I’m trying to sleep.” 
He continued to hear that sound roared an angry sound and kept on sleeping only to feel pressure on his shoulder as if someone was shaking him. 
Jinks spoke “Leave me alone and let me sleep will ya?”
He felt the hand stop shaking him followed by the blankets yanked from his face and a hand patting him there that felt masculine while hearing a male voice sounding like Bill speaking “Get up Master Jinks. You slept enough according to your doctor.” 
Jinks spoke eyes still closed “yeah right Bill I’m still tired as ever.” 
He felt the patting stop followed by the blankets yanked off his form and felt a rough tongue licking him on the face that made him jerk open his eyes to see it belonged to Missy that gave up a meow sounding annoyed. 
Jinks growled annoyance sat up to glare at Bill standing next to the bed that put down the blankets as the butler spoke “You slept for seven days without interruption which your doctor had you scanned during your sleeps and declared you fine enough to get up now. So do that and take a shower you’re reeking very badly that isn’t pleasant. I also recommended that you use the toilet while you’re using the facilities.”
Jinks glared at the butler finding himself angry heard from Lance “Jinks calm down and do what he requested. I know what’s going on so don’t worry trust me.” 
He got up from the bed finding himself wearing black pants that felt like sweatpants to him as Bill faded from view and heard a door shutting sound. He stomped into the bathroom and eyed the toilet which he stripped himself of his pants and figured he’ll do what the butler recommended involving it. 

Jinks once done washed his hands in the sink and stared at himself in the mirror seeing his eyes still had that sinister look in it instead of oldness as he normally sees while seeing them look red figuring out he was still angry. He stomped into the shower finding the water still at his heat toleration levels showered thoroughly and then dried himself with a towel once done. He walked out and went to his clothes finding them all black but different from before but not the Master Organization army wear clothing and bullet proof vest was gone from there. He put on the underwear that looked like briefs to him instead of his usual underwear shorts then put on the top that was just a long sleeve shirt with a crew necked collar and then put on the pants seeing that they felt the same as before which he tucked in the top into the pants. He eyed himself in the mirror after adjusting his clothes to see the top stuck to him a bit closely on him highlighting the muscles on his form. He eyed the shoes seeing that they looked like sneakers put them on and found that they were sneakers. Jinks brushed his hair and exhaled a breath through his mouth and without a word left the bathroom marching to the bedroom doors and halted hearing a crying sound of someone in pain off his right which he looked to see Missy sitting on his bed on her haunches that again gave up that sound by her mouth opening. 
He spoke “Missy cut it out and do that only when it’s necessary when you need help and I need to do something around here.” 
He glared at the cat who gave up a meow sounding like she agreed with him which he watched her get off the bed to go up to his foot sniffing his shoes which he watched as she rubbed her flank on his leg along with doing it with her head. He sighed and bent down petting her back feeling it arch underneath his hand and sighed again as she darted out of his hands going to the bed he tracked her getting on it and went to her cat bed to lay on it and appeared to fall asleep by form still with breathing sensed from her. 
Jinks sighed and went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to find Bill there in his familiar spot which he spoke “What the depths did I miss around here while I was hospitalized?”
He glared at Bill who spoke “I’m not the one to tell you that. Besides I wasn’t told that you were hospitalized but told that you would be out of the penthouse for awhile.” 
Jinks growled an annoyed sound walked passed the butler sensing the male following him which he stopped and spoke “Dismissed Bill.” 
He sensed the butler gone and went to the dining room to find Boo there along with Sochin typing on the lap top. He went to sit and ate his food and drank his drink finding himself terribly hungry gobbled up everything in the dishware along with gulping down the cups’ contents. He sighed once done and pushed the tray back then shifted to glare at Boo who appeared to be gaping at him by the shocked expression on the Builder’s face. 
Jinks spoke “Spill it Builder what did I miss since my hospital stay?”
He glared at Boo who spoke Summeran “Nothing much happened to cause trouble even from the High Council haven’t said a peep. You heard of anybody named Lance Knight?”
Jinks spoke “Yah he’s my son I fathered through a female using my own son’s body just before the form was destroyed by the High Council. Why are you bringing that up? He’s been dead for a long time and not interested in talking about him.”
He glared at Boo who spoke “Well the High Council managed to create a body copy of your son with Highlander characteristics. They aim to use him to foot your seat if you cause them trouble from my impression of things detected going on with them.”
He spoke “Interesting. I got the impression from sources that Ajax has admitted that he has some instinct sensed aimed at me that controls him from hurting me which this sources said it’s the same with other offspring. Wonder if Lance Knight would have that himself which I hope he does so that the High Council will have a problem on their hands.”
He gave up a sinister laugh only to cut it off as Boo appeared to be not laughing but frowning while staring at him. 
Jinks spoke “Spill it Builder what’s on your mind?”
He glared at Boo who spoke “Ah you know what happened to cause you a hospital stay?”
He spoke “Yah I know something involving the same thing that happened to Lance Knight happened to me. You had to trick me into going to the hospital when you could have just knocked me out and transported me there instead.” 
He felt himself angry continued to glare at Boo who appeared to gulp before the Builder spoke “That tricking was necessary due to hearing that your predecessor don’t like doctors and is fed up with being tested which it was assumed that you would display the same attitude.”
Jinks got up and spoke “I need to practice combative art.” 
He saw confusion form on Boo’s face as he pointed a finger at the Builder and spoke “Don’t trick me into doing things again or I won’t be happy with you.” 
He lowered his pointing hand and arm then walked out of the dining room thinking to himself “What the depths is going on with me? I’m displaying some attitude that I never done before.” 
He entered the hallway and heard from Lance “The Traveler inhibiting you changed part of your personality and something involving your eyes to make others think you’re different as proof of a similar creation as Lance Knight in a tube.” 
He sighed and went to the gym room swinging up the doors to see Barry inside standing in front of the punching bag that spoke “Stretch and do karate. I want to talk to you once you’re done.” 
He fell into a perfect split only to hear Barry speak “Jinks lay off doing that move unless it’s an emergency.” 
Jinks gave up a loud roaring sound feeling nothing wrong with his body doing that move and continued to do his stretching exercises cutting off his sound. He felt no complaints from his body and swung himself up followed by stomping towards Barry and halted in front of him. 
He spoke in an angry tone “Get out of my way now. I want to use the puncher and if you don’t move I’ll use my fists on you instead.” 
He felt himself shocked with the attitude hitting him hid it well to see Barry’s expression remained the same a frown and watched the Builder move aside going to a corner to stand watching him. He attacked the punching bag with karate senses cued to the thing figuring out that he was back to full strength and completely healed of medical ailments that the High Council threw at him from its movements underneath his attack on it. He finished went to the middle of the room and did his Kata in a black belt rank then figured he’ll do some drills feeling himself needing to do them which he proceeded to do then ended with a hand fisted on his chest over his heart and bowed. 
He turned to face Barry straightening up his form while folding his arms fisting his hands and snarled out “Spill it Barry what should I know that its important for you to be here?”
He glared at Barry whose expression remained a frown followed by the Builder speaking “You know how you were created and your purpose? Humor me.”
He gave up a profanity comment using the word you shocking him but hid it and spoke “This involved some tube creating me using a piece of my predecessor and I wound up dumped back into here after this was done. My minions didn’t realize this was happened till I displayed something suspicious that they didn’t find with my predecessor and tricked me into going to some specialized hospital for tests. They didn’t find anything funny with me according to the hospital and dumped me back home which all I did was snooze for seven days according to this butler of mine waking me up from my sleep. Harrumph.” 
He clamped his mouth shut forming a thin line with it and glared at Barry feeling himself annoyed with the Builder who spoke “Interesting. The High Council recreating Lance Knight is just some stunt to learn more about your predecessor due to him being in his life. Their nervous and are willing to learn anything about you due to hearing that you were created by servants of them that later killed themselves leaving the group questioning what the servants were thinking pulling that stunt. The High Council in question isn’t sure what to make of you anyway. I warn you that they’ll have you pop in on them to gauge who you really are and your feelings towards them.” 
He gave up a profanity comment using the letter a, included as Barry paused from talking to find the scene changed and felt his arms grabbed by the Falcons as he found himself in the High Council’s throne room. Jinks clamped his mouth shut recalling Anubis’s warning on who speaks first in the High Council’s throne room glared at the group feeling himself angry. 
He heard Shad speak “Well welcome back Horus. We see that you’re still alive despite the traitorous actions of our servants who deposed themselves soon after they did the stunt of recreating you via some cylinder tube and roped the Meritanians into dumping you back in your home. Unfortunately we discovered too late that your people managed to get a hold of this information and now you’re here as this person we see in front of us.”
Jinks spoke as Shad pauses a profanity comment using the word you included. 
He heard both speakers give up “That language is not appropriate here and stop it now!” 
Jinks spoke sarcasm “Fine whatever you say.” 
He heard Shad speak “Perhaps we should punish you for that use of not appropriate language which we frown on along with that attitude you’re displaying.” 
He spoke “Well excuse me for being rude but you killed me off. Don’t expect me to be happy with you on that so get to the point of this visit now.” 
He formed a glare on his face to glare at the High Council to hear Ramses’ voice speaking in his mind along with the headache “High Council, lay off punishing Horus for his attitude due to that he’s reacting from you already killing him successfully which I know you would feel the same thing if it happened to you.” 
He heard Shad speak “Ramses just put Horus to sleep now.” 
He heard Ramses speak “Horus? You meant that vulgar language swearing person the Falcons have in their hands is Horus? I thought you dubbed him by the word annoyance.” 
He heard the speakers speak in unison “Ramses put him to sleep now.” 
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious to come to hearing an alarm blaring its noises jerked open his eyes lurching up to see himself back in the penthouse of his bedroom and felt himself still wearing his clothes and felt nothing seriously wrong with his body. He felt an irritation hitting him got up from the bed darting into the bathroom figuring he’ll use it.

Jinks came out sighed and went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to see Bill there that scrutinized him by the narrowed eyed look. 
Jinks spoke “Spill it butler now. What’s with that look?”
He glared at Bill who spoke “Just checking for something due to reports of the High Council throwing you in rigorous tests while you were out unconscious which you slept for three days straight after being dumped here.” 
He gave up a profanity word and then clamped his mouth shut as Bill looked bugged eyed which he added “What else have you heard that the High Council pulled on me?”
He continued to glare at Bill who removed the shocked expression followed by saying “Nothing much that’s it. The tests I heard were a bit on the rigorous side due to that they were just trying to find anything that indicated any difference from your predecessor which the Meritanians blabbed that the results found something suspicious related to this species called Hyperon whatever that is that explains your eyes changing ability to this red color. I’m surprised that the hospital didn’t catch that which I suspect that they didn’t have the knowledge of the Hyperon species to say anything about it.” 
Jinks gave up a growl sounding gonoid like to him as Bill stopped talking to give him a familiar what you want look. 
He spoke in a growling tone “Dismissed Bill.”
Jinks saw Bill fade from view which he went to the dining room to find Boo there with Sochin typing on the lap top which he sat and ate his food finding himself terribly hungry along with gulping down the drinks. 
He pushed aside the tray and stood up only to hear Boo speak “Just wait a bit Master Jinks before going to practice.” 
He glared at Boo who looked nervous and noticed that the Builder appeared to scrutiny him with narrowed eyed looks. 
He sat down and spoke “Spill it Builder now.” 
He glared at Boo who spoke “Alright you familiar with this species called Hyperon?”
He spoke sarcasm “Whatever they are their responsible for my red eyes.” 
He leaned back in the chair folding his arms glaring at Boo who spoke “Actually the High Council according to files used some sickness involving the Hyperon onto your predecessor just to kill him and succeeded in doing it when it was obvious that the sickness destroyed his heart organ and killed him. They burned his body after they were done due to that the Hyperon sickness would mutate and take over the predecessor’s body forming a new Hyperon hence the burning to keep him dead.” 
He spoke “Interesting anything else?”
He glared at Boo who spoke “The High Council tested you to see how you’ll do sexually which you’re found to be the same as your predecessor with nothing to indicate on passing on the Hyperon sickness or anything into females when mating with them.” 
He spoke “Oh good at least I can have a female as mine.” 
He smirked as Boo spoke “Oh one problem Master Jinks. The High Council isn’t sure on how the female’s body will react to carrying your child and haven’t tested that bit yet so hold off on that female bit for awhile.” 
He dropped the smirk to give off a sound of disgust as Boo added “Also they tested you for poisons and discovered that the Hyperon trait in you killed off any poison they injected in you no matter how lethal it is. The Meritanians admitted to interrupting their poison test by transporting you out saying that they were fed up with the High Council trying to kill you and did it. The Meritanians have admitted to threatening to transport the High Council to King Winter’s Kingdom if they don’t stop torturing you with poisons and medical ailments. It appears that the plants are fed up with the High Council’s stunts and their doing this by themselves with no input from a Builder which the group is having an angry fit at the moment.”
He spoke “Well too bad for them excuse me I need to practice.” 
He got up and walked out of the room only to feel his arms grabbed by two Human men flashing Amula like eyes and gripping the areas in ironclad holds while pushing him backwards back into the room.
Jinks growled an annoyed sound only to hear Boo speaking loudly behind him “Sorry Master Jinks. I didn’t say I was finished so make him sit.” 
He felt himself forced to a chair and kept in place by hands holding him down as he glared at Boo who added “Ah thank you very much. So anything else said about the Meritanians regarding Master Jinks?”
He saw Boo looking passed him heard a familiar voice speaking “The plants are currently arguing with the High Council on keeping Master Jinks alive and unharmed despite tests done on him. It sounds like the plants have made up their minds that he should be kept alive and unharmed. The High Council want to do more tests on him something the plants are accusing the group of purposely harming him.”
Jinks exhaled a breath hearing Meritania’s voice sounding behind him as the Highlander continued talking “The argument is still on going at the moment which the Meritanians sound like they have transported the High Council to King Winter’s Kingdom and are balking transporting the group home which some ship will pick them up.” 
He frowned as Meritania became silent eyed Boo who spoke “Oh interesting that the Meritanians expressed a caring attitude towards some manoid which their not known to do that.” 
He heard behind him Meritania speaking “I suspect that there’s more to the Meritanians’ interest in Master Jinks himself than what their saying to the High Council and grumbling among each other talking about seeing that the group will cease torturing him with their medical test stunts such as poisoning him.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut shrugged off the hands yanking them off his shoulders but sensed the Amula were standing behind him ready to grab him if he stood up from the chair. 
He saw Boo notice that which he glared accusingly at the Builder who spoke “Alright Master Jinks your doctor told us to have you lay off practice for some time but you’re allowed to do some stretching exercises as required to keep yourself active.” 
He gave up a growling sound very loudly glaring at Boo who frowned forming it on the Builder’s face before adding “Merry let us know when the Meritanians are in a good mood for a dialog with us subject the High Council balking to drop their nasty attitude towards Master Jinks after successfully killing him and appearing to do the same to his replacement.” 
He heard Meritania speak behind him as he cut the growling noises “I warn you that it’ll take awhile till the Meritanians calm down from being angry enough to not cause you trouble when you try talking to them about the High Council. They sound like their furious at the High Council and don’t want anything to do with them at the moment.”
He eyed Boo who spoke “Fine just let us know as soon as the Meritanians are in a talkative mood. Dismissed Merry and don’t go too far you’ll be called to talk about the plants again soon.”
He sensed Meritania leave the room by the presence gone and continued to stare at Boo who shifted his eyes to look at him back. 
Jinks spoke “Well what the depths am I supposed to do while sitting here? I’m itching to do something and I’m feeling like I need something to do.” 
He glared at Boo who spoke “And have you disobey doctor’s orders? I don’t think so. You’re sitting for as long as needed.”
Jinks spoke feeling his anger rising “Then get me something to read such as a book I was in the middle of that’s on the table in the library room. That should spare me being bored sitting here so get me that.” 
He folded his arms and glared at Boo who stared at him back with some frown on the Builder’s face as the male spoke “Your reading books is interesting hearing that from you. I got the impression that you hated reading.” 
He snapped sounding anger in his voice tone “Well then get me a book since I can’t do anything physical I might as well read and have something to do while sitting as ordered by the damn doctor.” 
Jinks continued to glare at Boo who spoke “Well I doubt that you’ll read the book anyway due to that I know you hate reading.” 
He snarled out allowing anger to take control “Get me a book!”
He glared at Boo who spoke “Belay that order you won’t read it anyway.” 
Jinks felt himself very angry gave up a roar and stood up only to feel hands grabbing him on his arms holding him in tight grips which he willed the Master through and mentally ordered his body to charge of electricity and heard yells of pain sounding behind him followed by the hands off of him. He stomped off towards the entrance only to get his way blocked by Bill that continued to block him. 
He willed the Master away from him and snarled out “Get out of my way now you miserable excuse.” 
He felt hands grab his arms in tight grips which he proceeded to use karate to flatten off the two Amula holding him by knocking them off him. He took a step towards the entrance and found Bill still blocking him which he held up a hand fisting it and waved it in the butler’s face. 
He spoke “I’ll use this if you don’t get out of my way and out of my face now.”
Bill he glared at spoke “I have my orders which I’m carrying them out.”
He again felt his arms grabbed by hands that felt gloved from the touch as he spoke “I’m the Master and you should be obeying me and my orders not that nameless Builder who won’t give up his name so obey me period.”
He glared at Bill who spoke “Sorry my orders come from someone else than that Builder your referring to.” 
His senses blared telling him the butler’s words were a lie willed the Master through and spoke “Liar you’re lying through your teeth butler.”
He saw Bill shift his head to look at Boo behind him who he heard speaking “Get Master Jinks to sit down now.” 
He felt the hands on his arms become ironclad and heard growling sounds from the Amula holding him as he felt himself compelled to allow them to force him to turn around by them and brought to a seat and forced to sit down followed by them releasing their hands on his arms to place them on his shoulders holding him down in the seat. Jinks glared at Boo as he yanked off the Amula’s hands off of his shoulders only to find the hands resume their former positions after being taken off still holding him down in the seat as he willed the Master away from him. He felt himself very angry allowed the emotion to come through taking control and fisted his hands tightly while boring a glare at Boo who appeared to frown seeing him glaring at him. 
He heard a familiar sound of a throat clearing noise which he saw Boo look away face turning into a glare followed by the Builder speaking “Your advice isn’t wanted around here at the moment Barry.” 
Jinks heard Barry speaking foreign language using the voice and saw Boo shift his face towards him as he felt his angry mood stayed the same. He heard Barry continue chattering using the voice and speaking in foreign language which he felt a headache and felt his angry mood evaporate leaving him calm followed by uncurling his fists to feel himself relaxed as the pain stopped. 
He sighed as Barry spoke “You see what I meant Mr. Builder. Master Jinks appears to have lost his rage episode ability from how I manipulated him to use it and him not displaying it despite the manipulating. I should tell you that the Meritanians can scan him and give him the command word of calm which will remove his angry mood enough to leave him calm enough to listen to people ordering him to cooperate.”
Jinks frowned hearing Barry’s words feeling himself still calm as Boo spoke “Interesting Barry anything else I should know of regarding him?”
He heard Barry speaking “Ah I wouldn’t recommend him to mate with females due to that a certain female has managed to manipulate him mentally and physically to accept her only and believe me he won’t get sick from mating with her despite having some sickness hitting from a previous mating.”
He frown feeling himself confused as Boo spoke “Don’t tell me that female is the one the High Council keeps referring as Edenia who they have asleep in their hands.”
He heard Barry speak “Actually she was transported out by the Meritanians and is currently waking up in her home that is owned by Master Jinks. She is currently under the care of offspring of him and rest assured that he’ll be fine enough for him to mate with her when it’s possible.” 
He sighed softly hearing Barry’s words as Boo spoke “What about this baby offspring of hers Master Jinks fathered? The High Council has reportedly ordered this servant Anubis to throw the baby through some travel gate which that servant was seen doing it.” 
Jinks groaned a soft sound as Barry spoke “Rest assured that the offspring has been returned to his mother. This is due to manipulating by the Meritanians who made sure that the baby came out through another travel gate hidden on Shadan and transported to Master Jinks’ older offspring who have been busy caring for him while waiting for his mother to return. The baby and his mother are assured safe from the High Council for now.” 
Jinks felt himself relieved to hear that only to hear Lance speaking in his mind “I warn you that Kim’s attitude towards you will be possibly the same as before her capture by the High Council. She’ll force you to do some favors and that includes helping her care for your son.”
Jinks frowned as Lance became silent heard Boo speak loudly “Something you want to say Master Jinks?”
He spoke “That female Edenia who I dub the name of Kim has some nasty attitude towards me due to a previous incident of using my fists on her because of me being angry at her and not knowing better to use words instead of punching her. She managed to get the Meritanians to transport me and my favored offspring out of the High Council’s Tee Dee trap that was hurting us and got us all healed. Kim has made it clear to me that I owe her favors for that and she will insist that I do things for her in exchange of making my life better enough to stop suffering medical ailments from a certain group. I think she was referring to the High Council that wouldn’t stop sickening me with medical ailments.”
He clamped his mouth shut to form a thin line while staring at Boo who narrowed his eyes staring at him back. 
Jinks heard Barry speak “Interesting Master Jinks. I warn you Mr. Builder that this Kim he refers her has no hearing ability which makes her immune to Builder talent orders. She from my impression seems to be slow to get rid of her anger towards people that offends her along with being forceful in getting people to do things for her.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Barry’s words as the Builder continued talking “Oh by the way Kim is up and awake at the moment and from what I’m seeing, her mood isn’t that good despite having her son with her.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth to hear a new voice speaking “Mr. Builder I suggest you have Master Jinks stand up and be unrestrained due to hearing the Meritanians telling me that Edenia or should I say Kim has been detected thinking of having him transported to her and she’s known to be very quick on her actions whenever she thinks them.” 
Jinks felt hands off of him stood up and folded his arms only to find the scene changed to find himself in a familiar bedroom facing an empty bed to hear an angry female voice speaking “Turn and face me.” 
He heard the voice of Kim he recognized sounding off his right obeyed till his front was facing her with a glare on her face while she was sitting in a padded rocking chair holding Nikolas wrapped in a blanket in her arms. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as she looked him up and down with her eyes and spoke still using the angry tone “Spill it Jinks what the depths happened to our son after I was knocked out by the miserable excuse of a group calling themselves the High Council?”
He spoke “The High Council ordered him thrown through a travel gate which their servant Anubis did it despite me warning him not to do it. I’m told that the Meritanians manipulated the baby to come out through another travel gate hidden on Shadan and then transported him to some people of mine to care for while waiting for you to return.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as the scene changed and found his arms grabbed by the Falcons unfolding them as night vision blared in his eyes sight. He looked around finding himself facing the High Council seated on a dais with their speakers in front of them twenty meters away from him which he saw manoid creatures his mind screamed Hyperon standing between him and the High Council’s dais. He kept his mouth shut as one of the Hyperon walked forwards towards him and felt a clawed hand pull up his shirt baring his chest. He willed the Master through and glared at the Hyperon that kept coming and poked him on the chest with a reed claw finger which he felt a stinging pain from that along with sickness hitting him. 
Jinks felt himself released and fell to kneel on the ground eyes on the High Council as Shad spoke “There that should get rid of you for good.”
He felt anger take hold snarled a growling sound as the High Council and speakers walked away disappearing through a travel gate as he sensed Anubis and Falcons gone. Jinks laid his form down on the rocky ground and groaned shutting his eyes feeling himself getting sicker. He felt a hand pull up his shirt and stiffened as a mouth touched him right where the Hyperon poked him and felt something stinging him along with a sucking sound then felt licking of a tongue before sensing the presence away from him. Jinks jerked open his eyes swinging himself up with a karate move and looked around finding himself surrounded by Hyperon gathered in a large circle with expressions in their eyes that were varied of fear and anger. He heard a howl and looked off his right to see a Shadonian standing there holding a gun weapon in his hands. 
He recalled Basic spoke in a loud tone “What do you want?”
He eyed the Shadonian that hoisted the gun and took several steps forwards towards him till he was close enough to see his face clearly before speaking in Basic “Who do you think you are?”
He kept his mouth shut as the Shadonian continued “Looks like that manipulator that tortured one of us with the stinger and controlled her to do something she didn’t want to do.” 
Jinks recalled that fresh in his mind as the Shadonian paused to narrow his eyes and added “Sting you and the stingers will heal you like they’ve been doing lately to persons we sting as ordered by the voices.” 
He spoke “Well then sorry about the manipulating.” 
He heard growling sounds coming from the Hyperon as the Shadonian gave up a howling noise that shut the sounds. 
He glared at the Shadonian that spoke “Sorry? You’re sorry about this? Hah you’re just saying anything to avoid us attacking you.” 
He spoke “Fine whatever you say.” 
He heard the anger in his tone felt himself getting angry at the High Council figuring out that they pulled another stunt on him again just to get rid of him as said by their speaker Shad. 
He heard the Shadonian speak “Sarcasm is all you have to say for this, manipulator?”
He spoke folding his arms “Excuse me but cut this babble and get this attack over with. You’re wasting my time and I’m itching for a fight.” 
He glared at the Shadonian as he unfolded his arms fisting his hands up in front of him. 
The Shadonian he saw formed a big frown on his face before speaking “Ugh manipulator up to something be careful when attacking him.” 
Jinks saw the Hyperon all around him charge towards him and stiffened as the scene changed to find himself in a familiar bedroom facing Kim standing with arms folded. 
He folded his arms keeping his hands fisted while she spoke “You owe me another favor for getting you out of that Hyperon trap set by that miserable group the High Council.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut willed the Master away from him and unclenched his hands lowering his arms while staring at Kim who added “Strip yourself of your clothes now. I want to see you and do it period.” 
Jinks obeyed stripping himself of his shoes and clothes leaving them piled on the floor while keeping an eye on Kim that narrowed her eyes seeing him doing it. He stood naked and stared at her back still keeping his mouth shut as she appeared to be scrutinizing him by her eyes staring at him in a narrowed look. He saw Kim’s eyes focused on his chest followed by her marching forwards unfolding her arms and didn’t flinch as she placed a hand on the area feeling him. He kept his mouth shut as she bent forwards and appeared to be scrutinizing an area on his chest which he figured was where the Hyperon stung him. 
He stared at Kim who straightened up her form then removed her hand and she spoke “I’m tuned to the Meritanians whenever their transporting people I know about it and that involve transporting you as well.” 
He kept his mouth shut as she added “Well say something Jinks.” 
He spoke “Thanks for getting me out of that Hyperon trap.” 
He felt one of her hands hit him on the cheek which he didn’t flinch from that as she spoke “Don’t thank me Jinks. You’ll regret that thanking once I have you doing favors you owe me.” 
He kept his mouth shut as she added “Say something now.” 
Jinks spoke “Fine you’re making me itchy to do something besides standing here like this.” 
He stared at Kim who gave up an Hmph sound followed by speaking “Itching to fight aren’t you? Well back off from that for awhile and get your seat on the bed now.” 
He obeyed to lay his form on top of the bed finding the blankets at the foot of it and eyed Kim who stripped herself of her dress and got on top of him straddling him while putting a hand on his sensitive part. He felt himself getting hard seeing her nakedness and feeling her hand touching him. Jinks without stopping himself placed hands on her breasts fondling the nipples and saw her expression remained a glare which he removed his hands and laid them besides his body. 
He stared at Kim in the face who spoke “Keep your hands to yourself now.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut and continued to stare at her in the face as he sigh feeling himself guided inside her and felt her hands on his shoulders as he felt himself thrust inside her up to the hilt. He sighed moaning softly rolling his eyes as he felt charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her from her movements manipulating his sensitive part. He jerked as he spilled himself inside her while feeling and intense charge of pleasure hitting him that ran throughout his body and sensed her feeling the same from her form collapsing on top of him and shaking vibrations felt. He opened his eyes and sensed something within him burst making him feeling sexually charged again as he brought her hands to her sides and with a quick move thrust their forms till he was on top of her. He heard a gasp sound from Kim as he stared at her in the eyes seeing her eyes widen as he gripped her hips and began thrusting inside her again feeling charges of pleasure hitting him each time he entered her. He heard or felt no protest from Kim as he had his way with her in the mating and curled his lips into a sneer as he continued thrusting inside her and with a jerk fully up the hilt spilled himself inside her while shaking from an intense charge of pleasure hitting him. He felt himself collapsing on top of her from the charge of pleasure hitting him and sighed of the feeling running through him while sensing her feeling the same. Jinks brought his hands to Kim’s back holding her in a hug while having his cheek touching her cheek and heard her crying softly while feeling her shaking underneath his hands. He continued to hear Kim cry tears and stilled his form as the charge left him and kept he still inside her thinking that he wouldn’t move unless she ordered him to do it. 
Jinks felt Kim’s hands on his back and felt her hugging him in response while hearing her cry out in a broken voice “Jinks.” 
He kept his form still as she brought her hands to his head pulling him up a bit till he could stare at her in the face seeing her eyes were filled with tears along with a sad look on her face. He composed his face to be blank as she placed hands on his cheeks and brought his face closer to hers and didn’t protest as she kissed him on the lips which he kissed her back sensing she would wanted him to do it. He didn’t complain as Kim broke off the kiss to rub his face with her hands which he continued to stare at her in the eyes sensing that she was calming down from her crying bout as her eyes stopped watering of tears. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Kim sighed loudly eyeing her face seeing it turn into a glare followed by her speaking “Your not to mate with any other female except me period or else.” 
He nodded his head in a short bob as she gave him a glare feel her hands in his hair pulling on strands which he didn’t react from the pain felt. 
He continued to stare at Kim who added “Don’t even think of hiding attempts to mate with other females for I’m tuned to you and will make sure you don’t mate with them period. Remember my words Jinks and remember your mine to mate with alone and no other female may mate with you no matter how tempted you are.” 
He felt himself angry dig his nails into Kim’s back and formed a glare on his face boring it at Kim which again yanked his hair which he spoke “What about you mating with other males hmm?”
He glared at Kim as she stopped yanking his hair by her eyes widening which he spoke “Your mine, Kim, period. Mine to mate with and don’t even think of mating with other males for I’ll know of it. The males will suffer from my fists if they touch you in some mating way and I’ll foot their seats just to keep them away from you. Remember what I said Kim about males and I’ll stay away from females as you ordered.” 
He glared at Kim narrowed her eyes and she spoke “Aw get off of me now.” 
Jinks gave up a sinister laughing sound sensing Kim become nervous underneath his hands as he smiled a smirk then kissed her on the forehead before pulling out of her and getting off of her and the bed to stand next to it cutting off his laughing to glare at her. 
He stood as Kim looked him up and down with some look of approval in her eyes as she spoke “Get dressed now. I’m transporting you out and I expect your clothes on your form before my patience runs out.” 
He didn’t protest went to his clothes putting them on his form and stood watching her raise a hand fisted aimed in his direction and found himself back in the penthouse in the living room to hear a throat clearing noise sounding off his left. 
He looked to glare at Bill that spoke “You’re required by your doctor to sleep for awhile a required time frame.” 
He glared at Bill and spoke a profanity comment including the word you and went out of the living room sensing the butler following him which he halted his walk and added “Dismissed Bill.”
He heard from Bill “Sorry I have to see that you comply with doctor’s orders by seeing you in bed sleeping period.” 
Jinks gave up the familiar profanity comment with the word you included and went to the bedroom feeling himself too tired to practice karate hitting him. He entered his bedroom slamming the door in Bill’s face and went to his bed yanking the pillow up to sit leaning back against it on the headboard and proceeded to do it then shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks jerked open his eyes feeling rage running through him. He sprung from the bed raising his fist and found himself yanking Kim from a male she was kissing on the lips and punched him hard in the face to see the man fall backwards hitting the wall and slid to the floor. He turned to glare at Kim who had annoyance on her face aimed at him as she raised a hand fisted in his direction and saw frustration form as he found himself still where he was. He watched as she aimed her fist towards the male and both she and he disappeared with a flash of light. Jinks roared feeling himself angry found himself yanking Kim off of a male she was kissing on the lips that looked like he was still unconscious and brought a fist into the man’s face that remained asleep. He darted towards her and brought a hand to her throat gripping the area in a gentle hold along with bringing a hand to her chin and proceeded to kiss her on the lips before breaking it off to glare at her with rage running through him. 
Kim he saw glared back at him before she spoke loudly “Alright I get the message regarding you treating males touching me in some mating way so back off.” 
He removed his hands from Kim and folded his arms glaring at her as she added “Get your seat out of here and back to your home. You should be sleeping as ordered by your doctor who’ll increase your sleeping time due to being aware of this situation happening.”
He found himself back in his bedroom and sensed nothing from Kim went to the bed and adjusted the pillow to sit leaning back and got on the bed leaning back shutting his eyes feeling himself needing to sleep and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare its noises ignored the sound and kept on sleeping only to feel pain digging on his stomach along with a meow sounding annoyed. Jinks blindly removed Missy off of him and kept on sleeping. He heard her give off a loud yowl sounding annoyed followed by her again on his front claws digging into him while meowing loudly. 
Jinks spoke out loud “Missy cut it and let me sleep.”
He felt Missy get off of him followed by a hand patting him on the cheek that felt masculine along with Bill’s voice speaking “Wake up Master Jinks. You slept for three straight days and it’s the fourth day which your doctor has ordered you up and about.” 
Jinks heard from Lance “Jinks, get up. There are things you’re required to do and sleeping isn’t one of them.”
He jerked open his eyes and sat up as Bill stopped patting him on the cheek which he glared at the butler that left the room slamming the door. He felt Missy back on his lap by her furry head rubbing the bottom of his chin and giving off a meow sounding happy to him. Jinks felt himself happy having Missy giving him attention rubbed her back and sighed as she got off his lap and watched her go to her cat bed and saw her sat down in it on her side and curled into a ball appearing to be sleeping. He sighed again loudly and got up from the bed figuring that he’ll use the bathroom for what he had in mind only to feel rage as he found himself yanking Kim from a male she was kissing and threw a fist at the man who ducked form faded from view and turned to glare at her. He saw anger on Kim’s face who threw fists aimed at him which he caught her wrists and held on to them as she struggled against his hold. He blocked Kim’s feet kicking at him with his legs and feet blocking them and heard a loud crying sound he recognized as a baby and recognized the sound as Nikolas as he quickly sensed that they were both back in the bedroom where the baby was in his crib crying away. 
He heard Kim yell “You bastard! How dare you do this to me?! I should have any male I want but thanks to you I can’t!”
He eyed her in the eyes to see them flashing of anger felt himself angry bared his teeth in a sinister smile and felt her halt her struggling by eyes staring at him with some expression of shock in them. 
Jinks spoke “I should have any female I want but thanks to you I can’t due to you ordering me.” 
He sensed his voice came out sinister smiled that familiar smile and narrowed his eyes aimed at Kim sensing her become nervous by his senses blaring it. 
He glared at Kim who spoke “Jinks let go of me. Nikolas wants me and its time for him to feed.” 
He heard the fear in her voice tone and saw it in her eyes adjusted his hold till her wrists were contained by one hand and brought his free hand to her chin then leaned forwards kissing her on the lips sensing she not resisting from it but could sense her fear. 
He broke off the kiss to speak with her looking at him “Don’t even touch males in a mating way and I won’t do it to females either like you ordered me and I keep my bargains with you period.” 
He released is hold on her wrists to see the fear look was still in her eyes as she darted away from him with him watching her going to the crib to pick up Nikolas and went to the rocking chair to sit holding him to herself. He sensed Nikolas was really upset not hungry from the crying sound the baby made that became quiet held in Kim’s arms. He stalked towards Kim that looked nervous as he went to her and kissed her on forehead before bending down to kiss Nikolas on the forehead before straightening up his form. He saw her raise a hand fisted aimed at him and found himself in his bedroom which he eyed his bathroom doorway thinking that he’ll use the facilities for he felt like needing it. 

Jinks came out, sighed and went to the bedroom doors swinging them open to find Bill there that appeared to scrutinize him. Jinks gave him a glare and walked passed the butler going to the dining room to find food there ready for him to eat and drink which he proceeded to do once he sat down finding himself ravenously hungry. He got up once done and found Bill in the room clearing his throat. 
Jinks glared at Bill who spoke “Your doctor has ordered you to limit your physical activities and avoid doing combative art till he says it’s ok for you to do it.”
He glared at Bill and spoke “Did the doctor give a specific reason for this order?”
Jinks heard from Bill “Actually the doctor specified that you’re currently recovering from being poisoned repeatedly back to back and your body needs time to heal from that so avoid doing combative art as ordered. He did say that you can stretch but that’s about it.”
Jinks recalled his poisoning by a Hyperon in front of the High Council’s presence spoke “Get me this Highlander named Merry. I want to talk to him.” 
He glared at Bill who formed nervousness on his face as the butler spoke “Sorry I can’t do that it’s not part of my orders serving you.” 
He gave up a growling sound and stormed out of the room thinking of heading to gym room to practice only to find himself compelled to his bedroom which he slammed the doors shut behind him once inside. He folded his arms and paced in the bedroom in front of the foot of the bed and heard the doors open which he looked to see a long black haired female wearing a Master Organization Peasant dress enter the room followed by the butler shutting the doors behind her. He stared at her as she brought hands to the skirt part of her dress and lifted it up slowly which he figured that she intended to mate with him. 
He spoke “Leave your dress on.” 
He saw her hesitate followed by her again lifting her dress up further which he willed the Master through and spoke echoing his words in a firm tone. He saw her frown followed by releasing her dress to let the skirt part fall covering her legs. 
He sensed her nervousness spoke “I already have someone in mind for mating with. If you want a baby I’ll submit a sample for implantation but I’m not mating with you get it?”
He formed a glare on his face to see her face turn into a big frown with eyes still having nervousness in them. 
He spoke “Explain your purpose here now.”
He heard the harshness of his voice tone refrained from grimacing on his face as he continued to glare at her as the female spoke in a quiet voice “Just to mate with you.” 
His senses blared telling him it was a lie spoke “You sure of that?”
He again heard the harshness of his voice tone glared at her as her eyes shifted to stare at the floor before she quietly spoke “Master I’m just here to pleasure you.”
His senses again blared telling him she spoke was a lie spoke with harshness still in his voice “Spill it woman what’s your actual purpose here now? Speak it now and stop lying to me.” 
He heard her gasp loudly before her eyes looked at him with hurt in them before she spoke sounding like it in her voice “Stop it Master and take me as yours.” 
Jinks growled an angry sound and saw her eyes form fear in them as he felt anger running through him stalked up to the female and snarled out “I said I already have someone in mind for mating with and she’s not you so get out if your not going to be honest with me for your wasting my time.” 
He blocked her hand from reaching him and grabbed her wrist along with her other wrist then put them together into one hand. He jerked himself backwards putting a hand on her throat as she attempted to kiss him on the face which he avoided by jerking his head out of the way. 
Jinks gagged her and spoke angrily “You don’t have my permission to touch me so back off now!”
He released her wrists to bring her to the bedroom doors sensing one of her hands grabbing him on the sensitive part which he felt rage brought a fist into her face and saw her eyes roll followed by her form becoming limp in his arms as if knocked out unconscious with her hand releasing her hold on him. 
He heard an irritated voice speaking “What do you think your doing?”
He recognized the voice as Kim looked off his left to see her standing there which he spoke “I’m honoring my bargain with you by not mating with this female who refused to get my message of backing off.” 
He dropped the female onto the floor that fell still unconscious as he turned to face Kim glaring at her as she glared at him back. 
He heard Kim speak “Interesting excuse Jinks. You expect me to believe that? You punched her just as you sensed me here just to make it seem like you were honoring our bargain.” 
Jinks snarled an angry nonsense sound stormed towards her feeling rage to grab her by the throat with a hand and gripped the area in a gentle grip feeling her gulp underneath his hand while sensing her become nervous seeing it in her eyes. 
He spoke “I’m the Master and vessel of deity lord Lance Richard. There have been females thrust towards me that expect me to mate with them to create offspring for them to teach their beliefs with their males they have declared as their mates to. Don’t ever forget this that there are people fanatic with their beliefs in Lance Richard that they’ll do anything to have a piece of him and that includes getting offspring from me whether its by truth or by lie.”
He glared at Kim who he sensed was still nervous as he paused and then leaned forwards and brought his lips to her mouth kissing her there sensing her kissing him back as he heard a door opening sound broke off the kiss to turn his head and glared at Bill standing in the doorway with a big frown on the butler’s face. 
He released his hold off Kim’s neck and put the hand on her shoulder in a tight grip then spoke “Get rid of the female on the floor now and get her out of my sight. When she wakes tell her that I don’t tolerate liars and that I already have someone who I want as mine to mate with. Also if she wanted a baby from me she’ll have to get it from implantation for I’m not mating with her or any other female except one I have declared as mine.” 
He glared at Bill who nodded his head which he eyed as the butler went to the female lying on the floor and picked her up carrying her out of the room leaving the door open ajar. He turned towards Kim who he saw was frowning but sensed she was still nervous from his hand touching her. He again bent and kissed her on the lips putting a hand on her back and pushed her form closer towards his and brought his hand on her shoulder to the back of her head holding her in place while still kissing her. He felt Kim’s hands on his upper body’s front between them and sensed that they were feeling him all over touching the muscles of his form from their movements sensed. 
He didn’t protest as she broke off the kiss and spoke “Um Nikolas needs me at the moment for feeding.” 
He sensed her words were a lie and sensed her fear from his senses cued to her who he released his hold on her to back up folding his arms staring at her, her still having nervousness in her eyes and face. He watched as she disappeared in a flash of light and sighed feeling himself no longer angry which he left the bedroom going to the library to yank open the doors and felt annoyance seeing Barry inside sitting in a chair hands on his cane in front of him. 
Jinks slammed the doors with a bang then turned to face Barry who spoke “You don’t need to slam the doors. It’s not necessary Jinks.” 
He felt his annoyance take hold folded his arms fisting his hands and formed a glare on his face as Barry added “There’s an impression around here that you have already selected a female as yours and that they were just testing you to see if you would remain faithful to that female you picked by having a female come onto you for mating.”
He gave up a growl sound as Barry held up a hand which he cut his noise and watched the Builder put the hand down on his cane as the male continued talking “As for that female hitting onto you she was Builder ordered to get expectant with your offspring and do what it takes to get that come to fruition. I believe the order has been cancelled at the moment of her waking from seeing it clear in my mind. Also your female who you selected has been identified going around by the name of Kim Eden among the Humans and your people and I believe you know that she has a hearing disability.” 
He nodded his head as Barry paused to clear his throat then continued talking “Ah I warn you that it’ll take a bit till your worshippers get it that you won’t mate with their females to create offspring despite them requesting it by truth or lie. Your worshippers I warn you will be told of you having a female that you have selected to only mate with and won’t mate with any other female besides her. It might take your worshippers a bit before they accept your terms. I warn you they including others might be foolish to do something towards you and your female you selected if they refused to listen to your terms so be careful of that.” 
He heard from Lance as Barry paused “The foolish thing is harming Kim enough to have others save her life so that you would be forced to mate with females to create offspring as a price tag for saving her. They also might try to threaten her enough to get you to submit to mating terms just to keep her from being harmed. While you’re talking to Barry, will the Source away will you? I’m sensing that it’s not needed at the moment.” 
He obeyed to stare at Barry with Human blue eyes which the Builder spoke “Your worshippers think it’s a high honor to have you mate with their females including the females feeling the same having you mating with them. They don’t seem interested in implantation do to feeling that mating is much better and honorable instead. I warn you that they might get desperate to do anything to have an offspring from you including doing something drastic enough to cause trouble for you and your female which I get the feeling that you know what I mean.”
Jinks saw Barry’s eyes narrow with a familiar look in them figured out that the Builder could sense Lance talking to him like any Builder could. 
He spoke “I get the importance of what your saying and yes I’ll see what I can do to make it clear to the worshippers about me and my female.” 
He yawned abruptly feeling himself tired sighed and saw Barry gesture to a chair with a hand while giving him a glare. Jinks sighed and went to sit leaning back in the chair and shut his eyes feeling sleepiness hitting him. 

He dreamed of Kim held in hands of two people wearing hooded black robes and gloves while she was struggling and saw a third appear into view holding a knife aiming it at her which he screamed as the knife slashed her on the throat causing bleeding. He could only watch in horror as the knife went to her chest hitting home over the heart area followed by Kim’s form becoming still as if dead. 
He heard a voice speak sounding familiar “Now he’s ours to do what we please.” 
He stiffened recognizing the voice as Shad as the scene went black. 

Jinks lurched up into a standing position feeling a hand on his shoulder remove itself which he looked at Bill who spoke “Its time for your meal.” 
He felt himself not hungry spoke “I’m not hungry and I don’t feel like eating.” 
He sat down as Bill spoke “Either you eat or I’ll have your doctor here to have you submit to an exam due to you appearing to be in denial about a problem medically.” 
He leaned back in the chair and shut his eyes only to open them as he felt a hand on his cheek patting him. 
He stared irritate at Bill who spoke “You either eat or I’ll send for the doctor.” 
Jinks spoke “Go away Bill. I’ll eat when I want to. So get out of here.” 
He shifted to shut his eyes and sensed the butler gone which he continued to run the dream in his mind and opened them to look off his left finding Barry gone from the chair. 
He mentally yelled “Father what’s going on with Kim?!”
He heard “Busy now don’t disturb me.” 
Jinks sighed and felt himself falling backwards to find himself on a dirt ground and underneath a spotlight and saw a female form lying next to him which he saw was Kim appearing to be dead to him from sensing nothing and seeing her throat slashed and a red splotch on her chest. He scrambled towards Kim pulling her to him and held her feeling her remain dead in his arms. He felt rage hitting him looked around dropping her onto the ground and stood up snarling a growling sound as a spotlight ten meters away from him flickered open showing a figure sitting in a chair which he recognized was Kim that was jerking despite having her hands behind her back and mouth covered with tape. He looked down at the female and squatted to feel the back of her neck sensing a hook which he yanked off seeing it was a mask and saw a female Highlander in her place. He stood up and dropped the mask then took a step forwards towards Kim only to see the multiple spotlights flare on illuminating the room showing an aisle of hooded black robed figures standing between him and Kim tied up. He looked around to see he was surrounded by the figures in a circle with an aisle leading to Kim. He glared at them as a figure stepped forwards from behind hooded figures he saw was a short black haired female wearing a Peasant dress that stood staring at him. 
Jinks heard a male voice speak electronic “You’ll mate with her and create a child or else.” 
Jinks eyed the female who had reverence in her eyes and sensed her happy with that which he shifted his eyes towards Kim to see a figure holding a knife to her neck along with a gloved hand on top of her head holding it in place near the weapon. 
Jinks felt himself angry and spoke out loud “I am the Master you obey me and my orders and my whims-“
He was interrupted by the electronic voice speaking “Spare us the talk and mate with that female now or else your female gets hurt.” 
He growled an angry roar and felt hands touching his chest which he sensed the female touching him kept himself still to glare at her seeing she was naked. He felt disgust take hold as she undid the fastenings of his pants pulling them down along with his underwear then straightened up her form to stare at his sensitive part peeking from his shirt hiding most of it. He fisted his hands and glared at her as she lifted up his shirt and saw her eye him and his chest with approval on her face. He felt himself still angry as her hands let go of his shirt to touch his front upper body feeling his muscles. He shifted to stare at Kim still tied up that was jerking her form and restrained by two hooded figures holding her arms while she was standing with her hands behind her back. He jerked feeling himself irritated as the female got a hold of his sensitive part feeling disgust take hold. 
He heard the electronic voice speaking “Don’t stand there Master. Mate with her now.” 
Jinks eyed Kim to see a third hooded figure had a knife to her throat while having a hand on her forehead holding her head still as her form jerked still restrained by two figures holding her arms. Jinks felt himself angry with a growl shifted his eyes to glare at the female as she stared at him with some look he figured she expected him to submit to the mating as she let go of him. Jinks felt he had no choice to grab the female by the seat which he obeyed lifting her up as she straddled him hands on his shoulders gripping the shirt on him and felt himself furiously angry only to hear a loud screaming like roaring sound and felt her become limp in his arms which he continued to hear the sound that didn’t hurt his ears but continued. He dropped the female onto the ground to look around seeing that the hooded figures were down on the floor including the ones that holding onto Kim were no longer holding her as the noises continued sounding. 
Jinks heard from Lance “Jinks cut making that noise now! You’re attracting unwanted attention!”
He brought a hand to his mouth clamping it and felt the noises stopped which he forced his mouth shut and adjusted his clothes putting on his underwear and pants and tucking in his shirt. He went to Kim who stood with eyes widen with shock and fear in them as he stormed towards her unstopped. He reached Kim to yank off the tape off her lips along with yanking off the handcuffs around her wrists tossing them to the floor and wrapped arms around her in a tight hold feeling she was still his Kim as he senses told him that from the touch of her as she hugged him back. He eyed the scenery to see that they were back in Kim’s bedroom and heard a cooing sound which he saw a crib and sensed Nikolas inside it cooing away with his noises. 
He sensed that Nikolas was happy from the noises the baby was making as he felt Kim’s form shaking and heard her speak “Jinks, you care about me.”
He heard the words spoken in a broken voice and sensed that she was telling the truth and realized that they were true to him himself. He leaned his chin against the side of her head and tightened his hold around Kim sensing her wanting it as he sensed that she was in shock from speaking her words and realizing them regarding him. He released his hold around Kim at her order and stepped back staring at her seeing tears down her face from her eyes and kept an eye on her as she went to the crib to pick up Nikolas and carried the baby to the rocking chair where she sat down cuddling his son to herself from the looks of it. He sighed and watched Kim stare at him with a sad look and didn’t protest as she held up a hand fisted and found himself in his dining room with smells of food assaulting him that made his stomach rumble hungrily. He sensed Bill in the vicinity behind him didn’t comment to the butler but went to the table and sat and gobbled up the food along with gulping down the drinks of strawberry milkshakes. 
He sighed once done, got up and stood staring at Bill with a frown as the butler spoke “I’m ordered by your doctor to see you take in the nourishment and see how you do it.”
He frown feeling annoyance as the butler gave him a familiar look which he spoke “Ugh does the library still have my book where I put it or its put away?”
He heard the harshness in his voice refrained from grimacing as Bill spoke “Your book is right where it’s been left and hasn’t been touched.” 
Jinks spoke “Fine dismissed Bill unless you have anything else to tell me?”
He glared at Bill who shook his head in a no gesture then faded from view which he went to the library and yanked open the doors to find Meritania inside that appeared to be reading a book he saw wasn’t his familiar book. 
Jinks slammed the doors hard and turned to face Meritania that frowned seeing him which he spoke “Merry, you sure of what you heard regarding the Meritanians arguing with the High Council? Several incidents happened to me that suggested the argument was something else.” 
He glared at Meritania who gave up a harrumph and the Highlander spoke “I can only say what I heard from the Meritanians talking. I can’t hear talk from the High Council’s side of the conversation between them and the Meritanians. It did sounded like they were arguing with the High Council which turned out to be some joke to put me off due to me telling others about their talk. The Meritanians are aware of me tuned to them on a permanent basis and was trying to get me to avoid telling others of their conversations hence the fake argument.” 
He gave up a growling sound feeling himself angry only to hear Lance sounding in his mind “Jinks lay off being angry will you? It won’t solve things due to that emotion wrecks your thinking so stay calm.” 
He went to sit down as Lance became silent and willed himself to be calm by breathing deeply through his nose and sighed as the emotion of anger went away which he saw Meritania was again reading a book by the head aimed at it. He looked at the table seeing his familiar book was there picked it up and brought it up to his face which he read it finding himself engrossed with the contents. He finished the book and sighed to get up going to the bookcase using his memory to figure out where he found it which he found other books by the author and put it away. He sighed and recalled a book series by another author he was currently reading and didn’t finish went to another bookshelf by memory and found two other books in the series sitting in there which he took both out and went to sit down. He placed the books down on the table and picked one that was the earliest in the series and opened it beginning to read it. He found himself engrossed in the contents as he sensed Meritania gone from the room by his senses telling him that.
He continued to read till the lights blinked above looked at the doorway to see Bill that spoke “Its time for your required take in nourishment meal.” 
Jinks sighed and got up only to feel familiar hands grabbing his arms holding him which he found himself restrained by the Falcons and saw Hyperon in the vicinity as he looked around to spot the High Council seated in seats along with their speakers standing in front of them. Jinks felt himself angry as he was pulled towards the High Council only forced to a stop two meters from their stairs which he glared at as he felt the Falcons abruptly let go of him and found himself surrounded by Hyperon that charged him from all directions. Jinks jerked as he felt sleepiness hitting him struggled only to fall the ground screaming out words he didn’t understand what he said as sleepiness persisted making him pass out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feeling himself naked lying on something that felt like metal that felt smooth and cold to the touch. He jerked open his eyes and saw a figure leaning over him wearing scrubs a mask covering the face showing Highlander eyes that made him angry which he thrust his head up and butted the male in the head. He heard groaning noises and saw the male flying backwards as he sat up looking around and found himself sitting in the morgue as he saw another figure with a male form wearing scrubs and a mask covering his face with Highlander like eyes seen. He felt rage hitting him snarled a growling sound glaring at the Highlander he assumed who backed away from the table he was on and then darted away heading towards a set of double doors which he found himself off the table tackling the male and kneeled to bring a fist into the male’s face repeatedly. He fisted not caring where his hand went as the Highlander went still and sensed him alive felt rage hitting him only to hear sounds of doors opening looked up with eyes narrowed to see Torresin come into view with a Highlander male wearing scrubs and a doctor’s coat on his form. Jinks felt rage hitting him willed the Master through and stood up with a quick move as both males paused from walking to see him with widen eyes. He held up a hand and fisted it aimed at the Highlander male ordering him to choke and saw his order obeyed as the male grabbed his throat and started gagging loudly. Jinks found the choking stopped by Torresin stepping in front of the Highlander who gave up a loud gasp behind the Builder along with coughing sounds. 
He mentally ordered the choking to stop and snarled out loud “You won’t destroy me this time High Council.” 
He glared at Torresin who held up both hands palms up and slowly walked up to him putting the hands on his shoulders and stiffened as he felt a prick of a needle hitting him from one of Torresin’s hands touching him and felt sleepiness shook his head. He felt Torresin grabbing him arms around him as he felt himself gently lowered to the floor as the drug took effect and he felt himself passing out unconscious with the Master willed away from him. 

Jinks dreamed of himself coming out of a doorway to see a male wearing a trench coat aiming a handgun towards Kim seated in a rocking chair holding Nikolas. He saw the male had pointed ears of a Highlander along with short hair and wraparound sunglasses which made him angry. He stormed towards the Highlander he assumed who cocked the gun and thrust his fist into the male’s face who flew backwards hitting the wall with a loud grunt. He brought his foot into the Highlander’s front kicking him repeatedly and saw him disappear in a flash of light. He turned towards Kim who he saw was looking at Nikolas and then blinked his eyes to find himself standing in another room he recognized as his bedroom to spot a figure lying in bed with his face and hair. He raised his arms to eye level and saw gonoid skin clothes on them to realize that he was the Traveler. He went to himself lying in bed and laid his form on top of him and felt himself passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance who looked him up and down with a frown on his father’s face. 
Jinks stared at Lance who spoke “Alright the High Council ordered the Meritanians to transport you to some place underground one of their islands where Hyperon and whatever bad things live. They ordered the plants to put you to sleep so you’ll be easily picked off in a fight with the Hyperon who only at first kicked you repeatedly all over. The High Council ordered them to stab you with their reed claws thinking it’ll get you sick enough to become a Hyperon then they left the scene and didn’t stick around to see what happened to you. Hah they didn’t account for someone arriving who the Hyperon from senses cued to them acted deathly afraid of and this individual injecting you with some sort of lethal poison which killed off the Hyperon sickness but left you appear dead for a bit. This someone took you to the hospital who thought you were dead hence you in the morgue but your body withdrawn from the poison and the Hyperon sickness by expelling it while in there. Oh it took Torresin a lot of convincing and pleading to get the hospital’s morgue director to allow him to see you due to that the hospital have a policy of allowing only family members see the dead period. “
He frowned as Lance paused to form an all blacked eyed glare that made him nervous as his father added “Oh I don’t like your attitude towards Highlanders picking a fight and trying to kill them off after you got up which Torresin had to knock you out with some drug he had on his person.” 
Jinks groaned softly was Lance continued speaking “That’s more than once this someone saved your life from Hyperon sicknesses. I don’t know what’s this person’s motive to saving your life despite not able to communicate with this individual. I get the feeling that this person is doing it by themselves and not by orders of people who wants you alive at all costs due to negative views towards the High Council. I’m not even sure what’s going on with this person despite asking the Meritanians to scan this individual’s mind which the plants have balked doing it by claiming that this someone can detect their mind scanned.”
Jinks frowned as Lance paused to cock his head and then added “I still am not even sure of this person’s identity either hence me not referring to their name due to that the person hid themselves very clearly from me and I don’t even know who it is that is keeping you alive. Plus I can’t communicate with this person due to something blocking me from doing it which I suspect that the Meritanians are doing that. The plants know who that person is and aren’t letting me know who at all or finding out that individual’s identity either Hmph.”
Jinks heard ahem sounding from the Meritanians twisted to face them and looked off his right to see Ajax looking bugged eyed and shocked by the expression on his son’s face. 
He frowned as Ajax spoke sounding shocked “How did you survive that Hyperon’s sickness anyway?”
He heard Lance speak with sarcasm “I blame the surviving on Jinks himself for yelling ‘Help me please’ as he was put to sleep by the Meritanians just prior to the Hyperon hitting him with their sicknesses. Somebody heard him and he’s still alive as far as I’m concerned so what brings you here?” 
He frowned to realize that Lance wasn’t kidding with what he said as he stared at Ajax who spoke “Just checking on you and surprised that your still here instead of gone.” 
He spoke “Ajax, you know anything about an all seeing deity named All Seeing One?”
He frowned as Ajax did a double take look followed by the expression on his son’s face again showing shock on it followed by him speaking “Oh no didn’t account for that legend first spoken among First Ones after they arrived on Shadan. Oh dear the High Council thought it was an ancient Earth legend deity focused on a First One who they assumed was Predecessor himself which I don’t think its him anyway. I think this legend is someone else isn’t it Predecessor?”
Jinks frowned as he heard Lance speak “I assure you of one thing this legend isn’t your father period due to hearing that this deity can see everything all over Shadan like the Meritanians can.” 
He heard Ramses speak “Hey! We’re not what you’re thinking Lance Richard!”
Jinks frowned to turn to look at the Meritanians to see them glaring at Lance who he heard speak “Fine then who else is this deity anyway if its not you three?”
He frowned as he eyed Ramses who spoke “The High Council refer this deity as Conduit and have been seeking evidence of who this All Seeing One is due to being wrong in thinking its you Lance Richard when its obviously not. They know Conduit isn’t us either despite us having similar talents of one so stop thinking that, Lance Richard.” 
He frowned to hear growling noises from Lance spoke “Alright then Conduit’s not me, Lance Richard or you three then who is that deity actually, the planet itself?”
He saw the Meritanians look in direction with double take looks before Ramses spoke “Shouldn’t you be getting up from bed?”
He felt his eyes forced shut came to hearing the sound of an alarm clock blaring its noises along with loud meowing sounds sounding irritated which he jerked opened his eyes and lurched up in a sitting position finding himself back in bed in his home in the penthouse as the alarm clock cut its noises. He heard Missy cut off her meowing to give up a soft mew sound and felt her on his lap followed by her furry head rubbing the bottom of his chin. He sighed and rubbed Missy’s back that arched underneath his hand followed by her getting off his lap and eyed her as she went to her cat bed and watched her tummy sit in it. He sighed again and got up from the bed feeling himself an irritation. He washed his hands in the sink after he was done then stared at himself in the mirror from the waist up eyeing his body to see scar markings were gone from the area instead of normally there. He frowned to put a hand on his chest over his heart feeling nothing to indicate a scar recalling himself shot there by a bullet gun and there was a scar marking left in the area where the projectile hit him which he found gone from his body. Jinks stepped back from the mirror and looked down at his body examining himself seeing familiar scar markings were gone from their spots as if they were healed up and never been there. 
He thought to himself “My scars appeared to have healed up and gone from my body. I don’t know what happened to cause that.” 
He heard from Lance “Ah Jinks one side effect to the Hyperon’s sickness when you were hit the first time that your body healed itself of all scar markings. This was taken as evidence to the High Council that you were created in some cylinder tube due to seeing that from other previous creations not having scar markings on their bodies. I’m still trying to find out who that person is that answered your call for help which the Meritanians are still blocking me out Hmph.” 
He frowned as Lance became silent which he entered the shower stall and felt the water turn itself on to heat toleration levels which he gave himself a through scrubbing with soap and shampoo finding himself better from that then allowed the water to wash the substances away. He walked out and grabbed a towel drying himself then dumped it onto the drying rack before going to the sink counter to examine clothes folded on there. He found that they were the same as before his Hyperon attack which he put on and brushed his hair then dropped the brush down onto the sink counter. He stared at himself in the mirror eyeing his eyes seeing a sinister look in them shrugged and left the bathroom going to the bedroom doors to swing them open which he saw Bill there looking relieved to see him by the expression on the butler’s face. 
Jinks without a word went passed Bill and found the butler following him which he paused from walking and spoke “Dismissed Bill.”
He heard Bill speak “Sorry Master Jinks. I was ordered by your doctor to observe you taking in nourishment and report how you eat and drink.” 
Jinks gave up a disgust sound went to the dining room followed by Bill which he went to sit down and found himself ravenously hungry gobbled up all of the food on the dishware along with gulping down the drinks then once done stood up to stare at the butler who faded from view. He felt himself itching to practice karate went to the gym room and swung open the doors finding Barry inside standing in a corner to his annoyance that ordered him to stretch and do karate but avoid falling into that split move. Jinks obeyed without a complaint doing his stretching exercises then swung himself up which he proceeded to do his Kata then went to the punching bag and did karate motions on it followed by going in the middle of the room to do drills before finishing with a bow hand fisted over his heart towards the wall holding multiple colored belts on it. He turned to face Barry folding his arms and frowned as the Builder appeared to be scrutinizing him from narrowed eyes. 
Jinks spoke “Spill it Barry, what’s with the scrutinizing anyway?”
He glared at Barry who frowned then spoke “Ah just checking something due to hearing something from Merry regarding a certain individual who is hiding their identity from you for helping with several sicknesses hitting you.” 
Jinks formed a frown on his face as he stopped glaring as Barry paused to clear his throat then continued talking “I have to say that this person who helped you seems to have some kind of interest in keeping you alive. The oddest thing is this person is hiding their identity from you and your allies which the only motive for that is to keep the High Council from interfering with their life as the individual keeps you alive. That’s the only explanation I can think of for why the person is in hiding. Except the oddest thing is the Hyperon acted deathly afraid of this person as the individual arrived and took you to safety which I know that species pretty well to know that their not afraid of manoids regardless of who they are which has me confused.”
Jinks frowned hearing Barry’s words as he heard from Lance “Tell him the person isn’t Charon for I would have known of it.” 
Jinks spoke as Lance became silent “Um I don’t think the person is a Charon or I would have known of it.” 
He clamped his mouth shut into a frown as Barry stared at him with widen eyed look then narrowed them with some awareness look in his eyes. 
He frowned as Barry spoke sounding distracted “Interesting never thought he would do this despite having some anger towards you hmm.” 
He felt himself confused formed it on his face while staring at Barry who’s eyes focused on him before speaking distractedness gone from his voice “I think I suspect who pulled this life saving thing on you. Unfortunately the Hyperon being deathly afraid of this person from their behavior doesn’t make any sense for this individual who I suspect was attacked before by them back then when the High Council had a picky interest. This person I know of was attacked several times by the Hyperon due to High Council orders and luckily the individual had something in their body to kill off the species’ sicknesses and managed to survive each attack and escape them as well. Hmph the Hyperon from what I know would be more determined to bring down this person after failing to bring the individual down the first time.” 
Jinks spoke as Barry paused “Supposed this person was wearing something that made the Hyperon afraid of them?”
He frowned as Barry stared at him before the Builder spoke “Unfortunately no a disguise wouldn’t fool the Hyperon for they seem to have some sense telling them who a person is despite them wearing clothes or having head covered. I doubt that the clothes would have anything to do with it. I still don’t know why the Hyperon would act so afraid when they normally don’t do that.” 
He spoke “Ugh don’t tell me this was done by another Hyperon or something that was Hyperon.” 
He eyed Barry whose eyes widen before the Builder spoke “Interesting theory Jinks but I doubt that a Hyperon would have done that.” 
He spoke “Then it’s got to be Anubis and his guards due to that I haven’t seen the Hyperon act threatening to those three.” 
He heard from Lance “No it’s not those three, period. The Hyperon would attack those three if they tried to infer with them attacking you without being ordered by the High Council.” 
Jinks groaned softly as he saw Barry’s expression form a questioning look on his face which he spoke “Something tells me that the Hyperon would attack Anubis and his guards if they tried to save my life without orders from the High Council so no they didn’t do it. Wouldn’t that be done by a High Council member?”
Jinks saw Barry’s eyes flare golden followed by the Builder speaking “Impossible the Hyperon would attack the High Council any chance they would get if the group is defensiveness from an attack. The only reason why the Hyperon isn’t attacking the High Council is because of their speakers Shad and Onya are known to defend them and are armed with weapons enough to kill off one of them should they attack so I doubt it. Think of something else Jinks.” 
He groaned loudly as Barry formed a grimace on his face and frowned as the Builder spoke “Drat the High Council have asked for my presence subject our conversation which has piqued their interest.” 
He stopped his groaning as Barry disappeared in a flash of light which he left the gym room to find Missy sitting in the hallway that gave off a meow sounding happy to see him. He sighed and went to the library walking passed Missy and sensed the cat following him which he yanked open the doors to the room and frowned seeing Meritania inside sitting in a chair with arms folded. 
He stared at Meritania who spoke “Barry suspects this male named Eric as the one who saved your life repeatedly but he’s not sure due to being aware that this male had some anger aimed at you. You remember how this Eric treated you in the past?”
He entered the room and shut the doors then spoke “Ugh I remember clearly but I don’t get it why Eric would do that.”
He frowned as Meritania unfolded his arms and leaned forwards while speaking “Actually the only way this Eric would save your life if you did him a favor as in saving his life which he would repay you by doing that.” 
Jinks nodded his head in short bob as Meritania paused to cock his head and went silent which he figured that the Highlander wanted him to say something. 
He spoke “I heard from Barry that the one who saved my life was someone the Hyperon were deathly afraid of which is not normal for them to act that way he says.” 
He frowned as Meritania spoke “Not if you’re carrying an eater.” 
He stared at Meritania with a confused look who added “Hyperon are deathly afraid of eaters due to that an eater can easily kill them off along with water and the sun as well. So I don’t think it’s Eric who alone saved your life but had help from the three elementals Lord Teorjer, Ellison Donovan and King Sea which could explain the Hyperon’s behavior due to being aware that those three had powers to kill them off. Also I know those three elementals very well that they don’t have anything to kill off the Hyperon sickness or the ability to carry some manoid down on the ground which I suspect that they roped Eric into doing that for them.” 
He frowned to nod his head as Meritania cocked his head again aimed at him which he spoke cutting his head bobbing “Oh ok interesting that those three including Eric would save my life. I don’t know what their motive is anyway.” 
He heard a harrumph from Meritania followed by the Highlander speaking “Does Lord of the Underworld ruler of earth and gonoids ring any bells Jinks Montreal?”
He hearing Meritania’s words spoke “Ugh ok I figured out what you mean but Eric? I doubt how he would be interested in saving my life anyway. I don’t recall doing anything for Eric to have him do that to me.” 
Jinks heard Meritania speak “Not if you’re the Traveler.” 
He stiffened as the Highlander pointed a finger at him who he spoke “Oh now I get it what you meant. The Traveler saved Eric’s life and he’s repaying the favor as requested by him.” 
He saw Meritania fold his arms with a head bob which he added “Interesting I guess. I would love Eric to explain to me how the Traveler saved his life and got him to save mine as a payment.” 
He stiffened as the scene changed to find himself in living room that looked familiar to hear a throat clearing noise which he looked off his left to see Alexei standing with arms folded along with a glare on the male’s face. 
Jinks frowned as Alexei spoke “You heard of anyone named Traveler hmm?”
He nodded his head but kept his mouth shut as Alexei added “Interesting fellow the Traveler is. I heard he caused the High Council a lot of trouble. Also the Traveler has been saving Eric’s life from Hyperon attacks repeatedly by possessing him to use combative art moves to fight them off and escape into some travel gate to arrive here for medical aid. This Hyperon stunt went on for years while you were indisposed which the High Council stopped the moment you were out of that specialized tube. Interesting that Eric’s poison is enough to kill off Hyperon sicknesses which have been used on you to save your life from being sick enough to turn into one of the species.”
 Jinks stiffened sensing a presence behind him looked behind as Alexei paused which he saw the familiar masked male that signed to him standing there. 
He heard Alexei speak “Ah Eric care to show your face to Jinks here?”
Jinks stiffened as the masked male pulled off the mask showing Eric’s face that was in a glare while noticing that Eric was wearing breathing tubes going into his nostrils and going around his ears down his neck underneath his top. He stared at Eric who put on the mask again then folded his arms form fading from view which he heard a throat clearing noise sounding from behind him turned around to look at Alexei. 
Jinks frowned as Alexei spoke “Excuse Eric and his attitude but he has witnessed me being hurt a few times and unable to stop it from happening which have him a little protective of me from that.”
Jinks didn’t say a word as the scene changed to show the familiar library room and found Meritania gone from the chair which he went to sit down and leaned back with arms folded mentally recalling his conversation with the Highlander flashing in his mind. 
He heard from Lance “The three Elementals have some sort of deal with Alexei on the use of Eric for doing things for them from my impression going on with those people I sense. I suspect that the deal involves causing trouble for the High Council who’ll try to knock down Eric and keep him under their hands then pull that Hyperon stunt on you again from what I’m hearing from the Meritanians talking to the group.”
Jinks felt himself angry felt himself falling backwards only to find his arms grabbed by familiar hands belonging to the Falcons and found himself in the Hyperon cave again facing the High Council as Anubis grabbed his shirt and lifted it up baring his muscled abs. 
He snarled out as a Hyperon came near him “You’re jealous that I’m deathless without help of machinery. You’ll do any thing to kill me off just to be assured that I won’t be around flaunting my deathless status in your face. Admit it High Council that’s why you want me dead period.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as the Hyperon reached him and stuck out a reed finger towards his abs and hesitated before darting away from him as a fireball arrived hitting the Hyperon that burst apart with flames going out. 
He heard Shad speak sounding angry “Who threw that eater ball at one of our minions? Come forth and admit it now!”
Jinks sensed a presence behind him which felt familiar and kept his mouth shut as the Falcons abruptly released their hold on his arms squawking loudly in pain which he saw them hit the ground with form still. Jinks eyed Anubis who let go of his shirt whose staff was out pointed at him with ears flat on top of his head and eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at him. He fisted his hands and watched as a ball of lightening hit Anubis from straight on the chest from behind him that gave up a howling sound of pain before hitting the ground unconscious. Jinks eyed the Hyperon seeing that they were acting threatening towards him by angry looks in their eyes. 
He kept his mouth shut as Shad spoke sounding angry “Show yourself now you coward!”
He looked around sensing the presence all around him and frowned as he found himself back in the penthouse in the library room which he uncurled his fists and went to sit down frowning wondering what was that that saved his life. 
He heard from Lance “That was Eric acting like the Traveler while unconscious by the High Council using power abilities of the three Elementals. I’m not sure what the High Council plan to do about that considering that Eric is keeping you alive. I’m not sure why he’s doing the life saving despite having life saved by the Traveler which he could have ignored you instead which the opportunity was there to do it. It was Eric’s choice to accompany the three Elementals to pick you up from the Hyperon. I don’t know why he chose that choice. He could have said no anyway and the three elementals wouldn’t be able to change his mind.”
Jinks frowned hearing Lance’s words as his father became silent which he felt sleepiness yawned and shut his eyes to pass out unconsciously dream of himself lying on the ground of the Hyperon cave with shirt up baring his stomach and there were Hyperon gathered around him in a circle heads bowed aimed at him. 
He heard a voice speak “Is the change happening to him now?”
He recognized the voice as Shad as he heard Anubis’s voice speaking loudly “Move aside and let us three see him.” 
Jinks continued to dream as Anubis came into view to kneel next to himself and put a hand on his shoulder shaking him and sensed nothing as the Jackal stopped touching him and stood up speaking “He’s unconscious now but I sensed the change is happening by the skin looking like its turning him into one of them.”
His senses blared telling him it was a lie frowned watching himself still lying asleep with form still but sensed breathing felt. He frowned as he heard a baby crying sound that sounded familiar as the scene went black and came to feeling himself lying on a bed hearing baby crying that he recognized the sound as Nikolas crying away. He felt himself wearing nothing on his form but blankets covering him up to his chest along with a feminine head lying on top of his chest which he jerked open his eyes to discover he was in a bedroom that looked familiar he saw belonged to Kim. He felt her head on top of his chest brought a hand to it and rubbed gently while hearing Nikolas crying to be fed from his crib. He heard a gasp sound removed his hand as Kim abruptly looked at him with a narrowed eyed look which he frowned as she got up going to Nikolas and picked him up from the crib and carried him to the rocking chair which she sat down. He shifted his eyes to stare at the ceiling figuring that Kim wouldn’t like him staring at her feeding Nikolas. He continued to stare at the ceiling feeling himself much better rested and not suffering from anything hitting him except an urge which he yanked off the blankets and got up from the bed and found the bathroom doorway open which he went inside finding it was what he needed.

Jinks came out felt himself better to find Kim on the bed asleep which he went to her and got into the bed pulling the blankets up to his chest covering his nakedness then shifted to his side to face her asleep. He stared at Kim’s face that showed a peaceful look sighed and shut his eyes feeling he needed to sleep. He passed out unconscious to come to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder which his nose smelled food jerked open his eyes to see Kim leaning over him that pointed a finger to the dresser next to the bed and glared at him. He sat up and saw a tray holding dishware full of food on it reached for it and with careful maneuvering got it on his lap while sitting in bed. He felt himself ravenously hungry gobbled up all of the food and gulped down the drinks then once done placed the tray on the dresser and adjusted the pillow to sit leaning back against it while eyeing Kim sitting on the bed wearing her familiar green dress crossed legged that stared at him. 
He signed “Something I can do for you?”
He stared at Kim who signed “Go to sleep Jinks, you need the rest.” 
He obeyed to shut his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious to dream of Lance who he saw was glaring at the Meritanians that had heads bowed. 
He frowned as Ramses spoke “Actually Eric chose to assist the three Elementals due to sensing Alexei wanted him to do it. He originally was going to refuse and be upfront with that but he saw the expression on Alexei’s face that suggested he agree period and agreed to the Elementals’ request. He’s not happy with being in your hands in lock up at the moment and would rather be with Alexei as his bodyguard than in the cell he’s in.”
Jinks frowned as Ramses paused followed by the Meritanian continuing “He can sense his mind scanned and isn’t happy about it anyway. Oh his interest in being Alexei’s bodyguard is that he sees Alexei as a father family figure and wants to protect him from harm due to his feelings he senses around him. The protecting gives him some sort of purpose in life with doing something useful despite being in lock up for a long time controlled by his angry rages that would come and go without a warning.”
Jinks narrowed his eyes as he eyed Ramses as the Meritanian continued “Eric has a way of controlling those rages is by the breathing device he’s wearing that was invented awhile back starting eight cycles ago and has been going through wearing several prototypes due his rages kept popping up. His latest breathing device about three cycles old from mind walking him appears to be working very well stopping his rages but cut off his ability to verbalize his words so he communicates by hand language. The First Ones he works with have managed to learn enough hand language to get it his talk along with Alexei being fluent in it himself as well.” 
Jinks felt himself getting annoyed felt a hand on his shoulder looked to see Ajax standing there that removed his hand and spoke in a low tone “The High Council has mentioned to me of thinking of making a deal with Eric to not to interfere with their attempts to kill you by Hyperon sicknesses.” 
Jinks spoke low tone “Spill it Ajax is it their jealousy towards me that I’m deathless is why their trying to kill me?”
He glared at Ajax who appeared to look nervous which he blocked Lance’s hand attempt to force his eyes shut and glared at his father who growled out “Jinks, Ajax wants a private talk with me so get out of here now.” 
He didn’t protest as Lance forced his eyes shut passing out unconscious and came to hearing a baby crying noise jerked open his eyes lurching up in a sitting position to see with night vision in his eyes. He looked around to hear Nikolas crying away in his crib sounding like he was hungry and looked at the bed to find Kim gone which he eyed the bathroom door to find it shut with a line of light shining underneath it. He got up and went to the door finding it unlocked and opened it a crack listening which he heard humming sounds coming from there along with water splashing sounds that told him that she was in the tub. 
He sighed and opened the door wider as he heard Kim’s voice irritated speaking “Jinks why are you spying on me?”
Jinks yanked open the door and stepped into the room to see her sitting in the tub full of water while appearing to be naked looking annoyed by the expression in her face. 
He spoke “Excuse me but Nikolas wants to be fed and he’s crying again sounding like it.” 
He stared at Kim in the face whose eyes narrowed followed by her speaking “Well Nikolas will get his meal once I’m good and ready from my bath and he better feed this time. He pulled that crying to be fed joke before twice and didn’t bother to feed off me at both times which annoyed me. He’ll get his attention from me once I have my time to myself so get out or else.” 
Jinks backed up and shut the door as he went to Nikolas who was still crying away. He picked up Nikolas and cradled the baby in his arms while walking back and forth in a pace pattern. He sensed Nikolas being soothed by the walking motions hearing the crying becoming softer but continued to hear him wail some more. He sighed and kissed Nikolas on the forehead then continued to cradle the baby to himself as he heard him kept wailing his noises in a softer tone. He heard the bathroom door yank open along with a click of a light and stared at Kim wearing her dress with her feet bare and hair looking wet with night vision in his eyes that went to him taking Nikolas from his arms. He didn’t protest as she went to sit down and he stared at her watching her adjust her dress to bring Nikolas to her breast’s nipple and sighed as he heard sucking sounds of the baby feeding from her. He went to the bed and went to sit down lying his form down on it and felt compelled to stare at Kim feeding Nikolas which he sensed was himself doing it and not mentally ordered. He eyed Kim feeding Nikolas whom she switched to her other breast while adjusting her dress to give the baby access to her breast as he watched her and again heard the familiar sucking sounds. He sighed and shifted his eyes towards the ceiling staring at it as he heard the sucking sounds stop followed by silence. He continued to cue his senses towards Kim sensing her patting the baby who gave up a quiet burp sound then followed by the rocking chair squeaking its noise as he sensed her get up going to the crib and continued to stare at the ceiling. He felt the bed vibrate as she got into it followed by feeling the blankets put on his stomach and her head on his chest with form still and sensed her asleep. He felt himself tired yawned and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious to dream of being underneath a tree watching Lance standing on the beach facing Ajax. 
He frowned as Lance spoke sounding annoyed “Talk Ajax and explain why the High Council have some angry attitude towards your father enough to want to kill him off.” 
He eyed Ajax that looked nervous before blurting “It’s like he said jealousy about him being deathless.”
Jinks stiffened sensing that Ajax told the truth heard Lance speak “Ugh no wonder that they picked on this male apparently deathless named Eric for being like that for cycles before losing interests to do it to your father and won’t stop pulling these ridiculous stunts on him.” 
He heard Ajax speak “Well there’s nothing I can do to stop it. They have their minds made up and their jealousy keeps them angry a lot which something the Meritanians find amusing due to repeatedly telling them news to get the High Council into angry fits.” 
He eyed Lance that looked in his direction with eyes narrowed then his father looked at Ajax before speaking “Interesting.” 
Jinks saw Lance forced Ajax’s eyes shut followed by turning his head in his direction with an all black eyed glare and pointed a finger at him. 
He took a step and found himself next to Lance who spoke “The Traveler is cunning allowing you to eavesdrop on my conversations with your son.” 
He frowned as Lance forced his eyes shut and he found himself passing out unconscious to dream of seeing the familiar Hyperon cave. He felt annoyance watched as the Falcons come into view holding onto a familiar figure he recognized as Eric struggling with their hands on his arms. He felt anger arriving darted towards Eric to and felt himself possessing him which he saw Anubis reach towards him intending to lift up his shirt which he made himself invisible as if compelled and watched the Hyperon look confused before darting away as it burst into an eater surrounding it. Jinks felt himself freed darted away running allowing Eric to guide him which he saw a gate turned visible and ran into it only to feel hands grabbing his arms in tight holds while seeing the scene appeared to be a large hanger room with multiple Humans pointing projectile guns aimed at him and the hands he sensed were the Falcons. 
He heard “Let him go now or else you stinking jackal head.” 
He recognized the voice as Alexei who stepped into view with two male Humans standing next to him. 
He heard Anubis sounding behind him “The High Council will have what they want which is either Eric or Horus aka Jinks Montreal so chose now.” 
He sensed Eric’s anger as Alexei spoke “Take him Jinks Montreal but leave Eric alone.” 
He felt himself still held by the Falcons as Anubis spoke “Sorry but Jinks is not available so Eric will have to do Argh!”
He heard squawking sounds and felt the Falcons release their holds on him falling to the floor as he heard zapping sounds of electricity followed by three thuds sounds. 
Jinks in Eric stared at Alexei who spoke “Come here Eric.”
He found Eric obeying found himself out of Eric’s body to stand watching as Eric went to Alexei who hugged him and frowned seeing a dart gun in Alexei’s right hand injecting the contents into Eric’s neck that slipped to the floor form still but sensed the male was still alive. 
Jinks watched as Alexei spoke “Put Eric in the cryogenic tube room now. I refused to allow the High Council to play games using him as a toy so move it with my order. Keep him asleep the best you can so hurry up.” 
He watched as two males hoisted their guns and picked up Eric dragging him away followed by Alexei as the scene went black followed by dreaming of Lance which he found himself standing next to him glaring at the Meritanians. 
Jinks frowned as Ramses spoke having head bowed “yes I’m not kidding on what I said. Alexei is kept alive by machines invented by Builders and the medicine you supply to him so I’m not going to transport him to you for you to watch the Hyperon attack him. You can forget about Eric either, Alexei had him put out of commission as in some suspended animated sleep in some tube so forget him anyway.”
Jinks felt himself getting annoyed as Ramses paused followed by speaking “High Council the servants are back transported to the base but they’ve gone to eat something due to needing to refuel their strength. Oh I suggest you leave the Badlands now the Hyperon are getting antsy for a fight and will pick on you so get out of there now.”
He glared at Ramses who added “Fine you asked for it smarty for not listening to me.” 
He continued to glare as the Meritanians raised their heads and gave up harrumphs sounds. He heard one of them give off ahem and felt his eyes forced shut to find himself standing in the Hyperon cave to see the Hyperon gathered around at the foot of the steps leading to the High Council’s dais throne chairs. He eyed the speakers and raised a fist mentally ordering the Meritanians to transport them out and found his order obeyed followed by the Hyperon darting up the steps which he waved a hand ordering paralysis to hit the High Council members who remained seated. He watched as the Hyperon went to each High Council member and started attacking them by biting, kicking and swatting their reed hand claws at them as he saw one of them get up from their seats and walk away unnoticed by the Hyperon. He sensed the High Council member was a female and sensed her afraid as she walked to the gate behind the seats and went through it in a flash of light which he waved a hand and mentally ordered the gate to cease its function followed by the scene going black as he heard a crying sound that sounded like a baby. He came to finding himself lying in bed appearing to be Kim’s bedroom with night vision in his eyes and found her lying on her side next to him asleep which he got up recognizing the cry sound as Nikolas’ way of wanting to be held. He went to Nikolas in the crib and bent down picking him up and cradled him to himself holding the baby whose cries became softer but continued wailing. 
He heard “What are you doing?”
Jinks sighed and looked at Kim sitting up in bed which he spoke “Go to sleep Kim. Its not feeding he wants.” 
He looked down at Nikolas held in his arms and frowned as Kim’s hands came into view onto the baby followed by her speaking “Let me hold him.” 
He gave up Nikolas without protest and stared at her as she held the baby followed by some look of shock on her face and saw her eyes roll arms limply dropping him which he caught and watched her hit the floor in an apparent faint. Jinks squat still holding Nikolas and brought a hand to Kim’s neck feeling for a pulse and found one beating steady which he sensed that she fainted and didn’t fall dead. He sat down on the wooden floor and brought a hand to Kim’s face patting her and found she didn’t respond but sensed she was still out of it unconscious. He sighed as Nikolas again wailed in his arms which he adjusted the baby to be held in one arm then with a free hand pulled Kim to lean against him and wrapped an arm around her and the baby keeping the child’s body touching her while he squirmed in his arm’s grip. He leaned his chin onto Kim’s forehead and sighed as she kept on slumbering leaning against him. He adjusted their positions till he was leaning back against the footboard of the bed still holding Kim and Nikolas with his arms. He felt himself tired settled Nikolas on his lap and placed Kim’s hands on the baby and his hand on him as he wrapped an arm around her and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks dreamed of an eyes sight point of view standing in the High Council’s throne room sensing himself annoyance hitting him seeing the High Council seated in their seats and speakers in front of them. 
He heard Shad speak “I don’t find it amusing having the Hyperon to attack the High Council and now their gone too late to save them.” 
He sensed the words were the truth as Onya spoke “Its not amusing having you transport the speakers out leaving a path for the Hyperon to attack the High Council unstopped. What do you have to say about this, Jupiter?”
He stiffened at the name Jupiter sensed his body was alien to him only to hear Ramses speaking sounding in his mind without a headache felt “Ugh High Council there’s a survivor of the attack who walked away unscathed that went under medical tests and wants out of the High Council due to suffering from medical ailments that are bothering her too much.” 
He frowned as Ramses paused followed by Shad speaking “Tell the doctors to put her down permanently. Once your in the High Council your in it for life till its time to be put down. Its obvious that she’s too concerned with her pains to bother being one of us so put her down now.” 
He heard Ramses speak “I would relay that but she went through a travel gate after getting her machine implants removed and from the image of her mind just prior to going through is she went to someplace off Shadan that I can’t even identify what world she went to.”
He sensed nothing from Ramses or from the alien body to see if it was lies frowned inwardly as Shad spoke “Then knock out Jupiter now and order for the whipping to be done on him for the stunt he pulled on us.” 
He heard an alien voice laugh in a sinister tone sensing it was from the body he was inhibiting and saw the eyes sight blink followed by the floor rushing up to meet and saw the view went black. 

Jinks dreamed of standing watching an apparent naked male having similar body tones as him but looking not so muscular that was reacting to be whipped on the back while having hands above him by manacles in chains. He eyed the male to see with shock his face and the ears were like a Highlander with short black hair that looked like Lance Knight’s hairstyle from memory as he was whipped. He continued to watch as the male growled on an angry sound followed by eyes he saw were Human blue with whiteness surrounding it turn all black followed by the male giving off a roaring noise and broke off the manacles then turned around running to spot two Highlanders masked in the vicinity standing next to a machine with a whip attached that shrieked out screams of terror before running away from the machine separating in different directions. He watched as the male attacked the machine with such force that sparks flew from it and watched him yank the pole holding the whip up. He continued to watch as the male held the pole and swung it in a direction while still holding it to see the whip act like a rope going around a running Highlander’s neck gagging him and throwing him backwards. Jinks continued to watch as the male yanked the Highlander towards him and then brought a fist into the Highlander’s face very violently followed by repeatedly punching the male in the front violently that didn’t react from that. He heard a gun cocking sound belonged to a dart gun looked in another direction to spot the other Highlander holding a syringe gun aimed at the male who halted his punching to look at him. He frowned as the male waved a hand and heard clicking noises from the Highlander’s gun as the male darted towards him which the Highlander screamed and darted off running. He watched the male waved a hand and saw the Highlander collapsed onto the floor yelling out in foreign language as the male reached him. Jinks continued to watch as the male reached the Highlander and punched him violently in the face knocking him unconscious then stood up waving a hand towards his eyes sight point of view which the scene went red with a clicking sound followed by a smashing sound heard and then blackness. 

Jinks came to hearing the familiar sound of an alarm clock blare loudly jerked open his eyes lurching up to find himself back in his bedroom in the penthouse while clothed in sweatpants and blankets on his form. 
He felt himself confused as to how he got here mentally thought that thought and heard from Lance “Kim transported you home due to sensing people getting antsy for you and that includes your cat Missy that wouldn’t stop giving off her yowling noises. That furball is really dependant on you from the way she sounded and wouldn’t stop yowling for awhile without stopping the noises. I had to alert Kim of others being aware of you missing and not happy about that due to Missy alerting them of that. Oh she’s doing fine and so is Nikolas after having that fainting spell she had. She fainted due to realizing that that Nikolas despite being a baby wanted her to care about him hence he indicating of wanting to feed only wanted her to hold him despite not feeding.” 
Jinks frowned mentally spoke “Ugh who’s the male with my face and Highlander ears that makes me think of my son Lance Knight despite having his hair and style? I dreamed about him.” 
He heard from Lance “The High Council referred him as Jupiter but his official First One name is Judd McBroom which he uses as an alias when traveling around the mainland among the First Ones. Excuse me for referring your species your posing as, as First Ones but the Meritanians have been eavesdropping on my conversations too many times lately that their cued to certain words I mention which gets them to listen in on me.” 
Jinks frowned as he heard a meow sound and felt pressure on his lap followed by a furry head rubbing the bottom of his chin which he mentally spoke “Interesting anything special about Jupiter?”
He heard Lance’s voice sounding “Argh somehow your rage episodes got transferred from you to Jupiter who’ll use the ability whenever he’s blowing his temper. He suffers the same thing you suffered while under the rage episodes being knocked out and not remembering what he did while under them. Oh he does have your power abilities but they just involve the Source. He does have Highlander traits of scanning people’s mind and receiving talk including sensing his mind scanned and an ability to block out Highlanders but that’s when there’s only one Highlander scanning him. More than one can easily break through his blocks and scan him fully.” 
He frowned as Missy continued to rub his chin which he rubbed her back and felt it arch underneath his hand as Lance became silent which he spoke out loud “Missed me didn’t you Missy?”
He heard a meow sounding happy from the cat as she continued to rub his chin with her head and sighed as he picked her up and held her to his chest feeling purring vibrations felt from her. Jinks sighed again and placed her down on the bed and removed the blankets getting up from the bed finding himself wearing sweatpants on his form and eyed the cat that went to her cat bed and saw her tummy sit in it looking happy to see him by the look in her eyes. He sighed again and went into the bathroom thinking that he’ll use it and froze seeing a familiar male he saw identified as Jupiter by Lance wearing a suit and a tie with a trench coat on his form and wrap around sunglasses while leaning against the sink counter. 
Jinks stood staring at Jupiter that straightened up his form while keeping his arms folded twisting his form to face him and spoke in a familiar voice sounding Highlander accent “Take off your pants and show yourself to me. I insist for I’ll make a deal with you on doing something for you in exchange.”
Jinks sensed Jupiter’s words were the truth stripped himself of his pants leaving them piled on the floor and stood naked staring at the male who he sensed was looking him up and down with his eyes despite the head not moving. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Jupiter spoke “Turn around in a circle slowly.”
He heard the firmness in Jupiter’s voice obeyed holding his arms out and did it before resuming facing the male with arms down. 
He frowned as Jupiter spoke lowering his arms “Interesting.” 
Jinks flinched as he felt pain over his heart and looked down to see a dart imbedded in the area which he looked up and growled an angry sound fisting his hands. 
He heard Jupiter speak “Trust me, Father.” 
He stiffened at the word father as sleepiness arrived hitting him and felt himself crumbling to the floor feeling his legs too weak to hold him and shut his eyes once he hit the tiled floor and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feeling a hand shaking him on the shoulder which he jerked open his eyes discovering he was lying back in bed wearing his sweatpants on his form as the hand removed itself. 
Jinks shifted his eyes to stare at with annoyance Jupiter standing next to the bed that looked away speaking “He’s awake do what you must. I’ve done my part so I’ll be going.” 
Jinks frowned as Jupiter disappeared in a flash of light which he sat up only to see a Highlander wearing scrubs holding a device at the foot of his bed that spoke “Ah no you don’t, lie down now and stay down period.” 
He frowned feeling himself confused laid his form down and watched the Highlander walk around the bed still waving the device aimed at him before adding “Your staying in bed till I say you can get up period.” 
Jinks spoke “Spill it what the depths happened to me?”
He glared at the Highlander feeling himself annoyed as the male, a doctor he assumed spoke “Ah I’m not the one to tell you so go to sleep now or I’ll knock you out again.” 
Jinks shut his eyes only to dream of facing Lance who spoke “Jupiter has a conflict war between himself inside his mind and body. He’s fighting two sides which is the Highlander side of a High Council member that wants you dead and the Human side of Lance Knight that wants you alive hence he appearing to have divided loyalties to both you and the High Council.” 
Jinks frowned hearing that as Lance continued “Jupiter’s Human side won out and took control getting the High Council killed off by Hyperon but his Highlander side interfered granting one of them to live and take off unharmed in the attack. One of your Builder minions got a hold of Jupiter and voice ordered him to serve you including darting you out unconscious. That was just to knock you out so you would have bed rest as ordered by your doctor detecting that your body needed the sleep to get the proper rest to function normally.” 
Jinks spoke “Does the High Council the new one know that Jupiter has this internal war within him?”
He frowned as Lance spoke “They know of this internal war, Jinks, from him displaying behavior that suggested this conflict and there’s nothing they can do about it. It’ll always be a part of Jupiter period.”
Jinks frowned as he felt his eyes forced shut felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare its noises sighed and found himself still in bed with blanket up his chest. He rolled over onto his right side and threw the blankets over his head letting himself sleep some more only to hear a loud yowling sound that sounded irritated to him as the alarm cut its noises. 
He continued to hear the yowling sound sighed and spoke out loud loudly “Missy let me sleep will you, you silly kitty.” 
He continued to hear yowling sounds groaned as he felt pressure on his shoulder followed by the blankets yanked from his form which he heard Bill’s familiar voice speaking “Its time for you to get up. You slept for four days as required by your doctor so get up and attend to your body’s hygiene while you’re at it.” 
Jinks groaned and rolled over on his back while opening his eyes and stared at Bill who faded from view followed by the sound of a door shutting loudly. He sighed and felt an irritation figuring out what it was and got up darting into the bathroom. 

Jinks came out dressed in his familiar clothes feeling himself better from showering along with hair brushed and shoes on his feet. He sighed and heard a throat clearing noise sounding in the room which he looked to find Barry seated in one of his chairs. 
Jinks felt himself annoyed spoke “Spill it Barry what’s up with you here?”
He glared at Barry who spoke “Just assuring that you don’t go back to sleep despite getting up to use the facilities.” 
He heard an edge in Barry’s voice tone struck out a hand and found himself outside hearing gasps from the crowd while holding a bullet in his hand and eyed Torresin standing behind his hand where it was aimed near his head. 
He mentally thought “Screw this I’m doing it.” 
His eyes focused on a male wearing trench coat with hood covering his head and sunglasses as he sensed was the shooter. He willed the Master through and heard the crowd become silent abruptly as he waved a hand and mentally ordered paralysis to hit the male who crumpled to the ground dropping his gun in his hand noticed by people staring. Jinks heard a throat clearing noise from Torresin as he lowered his hand and held up the bullet making sure it was seen then pushed aside the Builder with a hand and stood in front of the microphone. 
He spoke using the Master’s voice “It’ll take a lot more than bullets to bring me down permanently.” 
He narrowed his eyes and glared at each member of the crowd that flinched with nervousness in their faces then willed the Master away from him to wave a hand fisted and then handed Torresin the bullet who took it who looked nervous to him. 
He folded his arms and found himself standing in his bedroom facing Barry seated in a chair which the Builder spoke “Interesting Master Jinks. I believe the public will be more nervous of getting you angry than doing spiting to the High Council.”
He frowned hearing Barry’s words as the Builder continued talking “Also I do think that show of special abilities you demonstrated with get certain people involved to do something to you as teaching you proper use of using them for thinking that you don’t know how to use them properly. Those people are aware of this stunt of you created in some cylinder tube by High Council servants due to sources blabbing to them about it. They might be getting involved with you and your life I warn you on that whether you like it or not.” 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke “I suggest you go to the dining room and get something to eat first before anybody does something serious to you for interfering with shooting Torresin.” 
He nodded his head and went to the bedroom doors swinging them open to see Bill that had a narrowed eyed look on his face. He ignored the butler but sensed Bill following him which he went to the dining room and sat eating his food and drinking his drink in a fast motion finding himself terribly hungry and once done got up and sensed the butler gone from the room. Jinks took a step and stiffened as a door appeared in his eyes sight which he looked around discovering himself in a rectangular small room with a high window above him opposite from the door and a mattress on the floor with a brown blanket on top along with a pillow. He eyed the door to mentally will himself to calm along with the Master willed forwards and waved a hand and frowned seeing that the door remained shut despite his hand motions. 
He mentally spoke “What’s the point of dumping me onto the Lotus Order when I already know how to use my power abilities anyway?”
He heard nothing from Lance spoke his words out loud and heard nothing to answer his question. He glared at the door that remained shut went to sit down and did his stretching exercises along with swinging himself up and proceeded to do his Kata mindful of the walls and the door keeping himself from banging into them. He felt himself getting tired went to the mattress and adjusted the pillow against the wall and sat down leaning back crossing his legs and folded his arms while bowing his head and shut his eyes feeling a hand grab his shoulder which he jerked open his eyes finding his legs out of their uncrossed position along with his arms on his sides hands together. He looked around the room feeling the hand remove itself and didn’t see who the person was along with sensing nothing to indicate that. He frowned and leaned his head back willing the Master away from him while shutting his eyes and felt himself passing out unconscious.

Jinks came to smelling food jerked open his eyes to find the door was still shut but in front of it was a tray holding dishware of food and drink that made his stomach rumble in hunger. He got up and went to the food sitting down crossed legged and brought the tray to his lap then gobbled up the food using silverware finding himself terribly hungry which he ate then gulped down the drink sensing something funny with it but its taste made him drink it all down. He set aside the tray and saw a bucket next to the door in the corner sighed and figured out what it was while feeling like needing to use it went to it adjusting his clothes. Once done he adjusted his clothes and frowned wondering what the Lotus Order would be doing to him to teach him the use of Master power abilities despite he already knowing about them. He eyed the door and felt himself tired went to the pillow putting it on the wall and sat down leaning back on the mattress which he threw the blanket on his form and leaned his head back staring at the ceiling seeing it looked like it was made out of wood and didn’t have any light sources hanging from it. Jinks frowned and shut his eyes feeling like needing to sleep. He slept passing out unconscious to dream of Lance having an all black eyed glare that gagged him on the throat. 
He gagged as Lance spoke sounding furiously angry “You’ll do what they say period without complaint or be punished harshly by them.” 
Jinks opened his mouth and felt his eyes forced shut felt himself passing out unconscious came to hearing noises that made him jerk open his eyes which he saw the door was open ajar and the noise he heard recognizing it as chanting sounds. Jinks got up and went to the door only to halt as he felt himself free of all of his clothes and shoes that weren’t on his body. He looked around the room to find something resembling clothing in brown color lying on the floor near the door in a folded position. Jinks picked it up seeing it was brown pants that felt like cotton to him and a long sleeve short brown robe top that resembled a karate uniform to him. He put on the clothes and found no shoes while looking around as the chanting resuming its noises making him drawn to leave the room. Jinks obeyed to the compulsion leaving the room finding a hallway and remembered the way to the statue’s room which he went to and found the same as before about ten male figures wearing orange with a figure in black appearing to be a male having backs to them also facing the statue. He went into the room as if drawn and went to the end of the aisle and kneeled shutting his eyes only to hear a familiar clapping sound followed by the chanting stopping jerked open his eyes to find the male in black was kneeling facing him with some look in his eyes and face that made him think it was related to seriousness. He grimaced inwardly as the male’s eyes narrowed with some look of disapproval in them which made him frown wondering why the male was looking at him like that. He eyed the male to see he looked familiar and recalled a previous visit to the Lotus Order’s home where he met the male who introduced himself as Tan Lee. He stared at the male and assumed that he was Tan Lee the sensei and Master of the Lotus Order group here. 
He kept his mouth shut as Lee kept his eyes narrowed staring at him before speaking “Jinks Montreal. I’m Master Sensei Tan Lee. You’ll refer me as Sensei Lee when ordered to speak as said by me around here.”
He frowned to keep his mouth shut as Sensei Lee spoke “Now go back to you room and stay there till you’re ordered out.” 
He heard the firmness in the male’s voice tone obeyed getting up and walked away out of the room finding his room from memory and went inside and heard the door slam shut behind him who he went to and discovered it wouldn’t open despite his manipulating of the Master or his hands. He felt sleepiness sighed and went lie down punching the pillow with both hands and pulled the blanket on top of him and shut his eyes feeling himself tired and needing to sleep. He felt himself passing out unconscious to dream of Alexei standing in front of a window hearing a door slam. He saw Alexei turn to look at the door showing a room looking like an office followed by Eric’s familiar form mask on covering his head appearing with hands fisted which he saw Eric wave a fist towards Alexei. 
He continued to watch as Alexei spoke “Sign your words Eric. I don’t know your thoughts.” 
He watched as Eric walked up to Alexei and threw a fist into the male’s face that fell backwards hitting the floor with a loud groan sound. Jinks continued to watch as Eric proceeded to kick Alexei with his foot followed by disappearing in a flash of light which he saw the scene changed to show a familiar room belonging to the Lotus Order. He watched as Eric looked around finding himself alone in the room and proceeded to attack the door pounding on it that refused to budge followed by attacking the walls with his gloved hands fisted then fell into kneeling pose before sliding to the mattress and lying on it on his side with form still but sensed that he was still alive and fallen asleep as the scene went black. 

Jinks came to hearing chanting sounds that woke him making him get up. He eyed the door seeing it ajar walked out of the room to the familiar statue room to hear the chanting stop. He frowned as he went to the room and stood in the doorway seeing Eric’s kneeling form back to him facing Sensei Lee he heard was introducing himself to Eric and ordering him to go back to his room. Jinks stood as Eric got up and turned around and saw him yank the mask down covering his face before fading from view. 
He heard Sensei Lee yell “Eric! Show yourself now!”
Jinks walked into the room only to feel a leg knocking him down onto the floor on his back and felt a fist connect with his face which he used his senses and grabbed a wrist holding it tightly with one hand as Eric’s form appeared from a hidden state. He raised his leg and kicked Eric in the back of the head that jerked from that followed by grabbing the male’s other wrist as his fist aimed at his face. He tightened his hold on the wrists and halted his kicking to glare at Eric who stood up pulling him up to a standing position. He used his legs to block Eric’s attempts to kick him and stiffened as the floor changed to rocky like which he heard growling sounds that sounded familiar. Jinks released his hold on Eric’s wrists to find himself and Eric surrounded by Hyperon which he eyed the male to see him fade from view and saw the Hyperon aim their eyes at him. He stiffened as a hand fisted hit him on the back of the head hard making him woozy followed by the hand repeatedly hitting him till he collapsed onto the ground on his stomach. He felt himself twisted onto his back by hands followed by fists connecting with his face as he felt himself passing out unconscious and the last thing he felt was his shirt ripped open baring his chest and stomach areas. 

Jinks came to hearing screaming sounds jerking open his eyes and found himself still in the Hyperon’s cave by the ceiling but the screaming continued vibrating throughout his body. He sat up to see lying on the ground were numerous Hyperons with forms jerking shattering apart into dirt from the looks of it. He continued to hear the screaming frowned wondering who is doing it till a hand gloved clamped over his mouth and the sound stopped. Jinks felt another hand grab his hair on the top of his head jerking it up which he saw Eric’s masked form standing over him and sensed angry vibes from the male. He felt his mouth forced shut by one of Eric’s gloved hands as his hand still held his hair. He eyed Eric who raised a hand fisted aiming it at his face as if he was going to punch him. 
He continued to eye Eric as he heard a male voice sounding familiar speak “Eric, don’t do this please.”
He frowned for the voice reminded him of Alexei but wasn’t he from his senses cued to a presence standing nearby. He continued to eye Eric as the presence came nearer and nearer till he saw a hand Human like touch Eric’s shoulder as the male’s hand on his hair shook before letting go of him and stepping back. Jinks eyed the hand to see it belonged to a Zeskaya from the looks of it that appeared to be staring at him. 
He heard the familiar voice speak “Jinks get up and come with us now.” 
He obeyed swinging himself up and stood as the Zeskaya released his hold onto Eric’s shoulder and gestured for him and Eric to follow. He obeyed walking around shaking Hyperon on the ground falling apart into dirt from the looks of it till they reached a gate and he got an image of a place in his mind went through following the Zeskaya with Eric besides him. Jinks came out of the gate to find himself in the Lotus Order’s statue room with Eric besides him to see Sensei Lee standing with arms folded a serious expression on the male’s face. Jinks kept his mouth shut as Sensei Lee clapped his hands and saw mist form in front of the male followed by the forms taking shape showing two Asian Human males wearing orange Karate like uniforms. 
Jinks frowned as Sensei Lee spoke loudly “Escort them to their rooms and make sure that they stay there getting some sleep. They need it.” 
He didn’t protest as one of the Asians grabbed his arm and yanked him from the room which he lost sight of Eric seeing the other Asian doing the same to the male. He didn’t protest as the Asian led him through the hallway to a door and opened it with a wave of a hand and released him gesturing him to go inside which he obeyed. He heard the door slam shut behind him sigh seeing that the room was the same as the one he stayed in which he felt tired went to the mattress and laid his form down on it and pulled the blanket up to his shoulders. He sighed and punched the pillow with a hand and then shut his eyes feeling himself tired and needing to sleep. Jinks felt himself passing out unconscious to dream of a beach while underneath a tree to see Alexei standing facing Lance. 
He listened as Alexei spoke sounding upset “Eric is angry at me for some reason. I suspect it’s from me darting him out unconscious and putting him in some sleep state just to keep him out of the High Council’s hands. I never got a chance to explain to him my reasons of doing it. He attacked me quite a bit violently and luckily the Meritanians transported him out which his tracker implanted in him says his location is in New York City in Chinatown. The Meritanians have refused to transport him back saying that he’s learning a lesson and needs to get it the lesson’s importance.” 
Jinks frowned as Alexei paused followed by Lance speaking “Alexei let go of Eric and let others care for him. He’ll be fine where he is. I know what the lesson he needs to learn is. Stop worrying about him.”
Jinks heard Alexei groan out “Sorry bad habit of worrying about him since he had those rage episodes and trying not to repeat mistakes I made in the past.” 
He continued to watch as Lance spoke “Those mistakes are learning experiences. Use them to learn from, Alexei and remember them well.” 
He watched as Lance forced Alexei’s eyes shut followed by the male disappearing in a flash of light and then his father pointed a finger towards him while forming an all black eyed glare aimed at his direction. 
Jinks took a step forwards and found himself next to Lance which he felt himself gagged on the throat followed by his father speaking “I don’t find it amusing that the Traveler lets you eavesdrop on conversations that are private between myself and others. So be warned that I’ll teach you a lesson using others as my hand if I hear of you blabbing what’s private here to others.” 
He gagged out “Fine father.” 
Jinks felt his eyes forced shut came to hearing chanting noises sounding loudly and found the door ajar with night vision flaring in his eyes sight. He sighed and felt compelled to get up and walk out of the room which he obeyed to the compulsion and followed the chanting noises to the statue room which he paused in the doorway to sense a presence next to him which he looked out of the corners of his eyes to see it was Eric mask still on his head but face bared that had a glare on his face. Jinks shifted his eyes towards the group of men still chanting away illuminated by multiple candle lights shining off the walls and gathered around the statue at the end of the room. He continued to watch eyeing Sensei Lee who held up his hands clapping them followed by the orange men disappearing in misty like fog before it cleared away showing nothing in its place. Jinks eyed Sensei Lee that got up and bowed towards the statue before turning around with arms folded a serious look on the male’s face while eyeing him and Eric with eyes shifting back and forth. 
Jinks frowned as Sensei Lee spoke “Come here both of you now.” 
He obeyed walking further into the room side by side with Eric till Sensei Lee held up a hand and felt himself halting while a meter away from the male. 
Jinks eyed Sensei Lee who refolded his arms spoke “What lesson have you learned this time both of you? Jinks, speak for Eric since I’m not fluent in his hand language.”
Jinks shifted sideways looking at Eric who faced him face still in a glare. He continued to stare at Eric who looked at him back before he felt compelled to offer his hand for shaking and did it sensing it was himself doing it while staring at the male. 
He spoke “Thanks Eric.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut as Eric’s eyes shifted from his hand to his face before taking his hand and gripping it gently and he felt himself and Eric shaking each other’s hand before letting go. Jinks eyed Eric who raised a hand fisted in front of his chest along with putting a palm on the fist with his other hand and then gave a bow towards him which he recognized the gesture of a karate student acknowledging a Sensei master. Jinks kept his mouth shut as Eric straightened up his form and lowered his hands which he turned to look at Sensei Lee sensing Eric doing the same. 
He eyed Sensei Lee who spoke “You have learned your lesson very well both of you. You may return now.” 
He blinked his eyes finding himself back in his bedroom of the penthouse to hear a meow sounding excited which he felt a cat body rubbing his left leg followed by Missy’s head which he sighed and bent down to give her attention by scratching her back and feeling it arch underneath his hand. He sighed and felt tired straightened up his form and went to the bed laying his form on top of it while pulling the blankets up to his chest and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

He dreamed of Eric appearing in the airplane hanger room to see Humans looking relieved to see him go up to him gently patting on him the shoulder and arms. Jinks continued to watch as Alexei walked into view and saw the Humans back away forming an aisle for Eric and Alexei to face each other without anyone between them. 
He eyed Alexei who spoke “I’m sorry Eric.”
Jinks watched as Eric walked up to Alexei who paused from talking which he saw Eric abruptly hug Alexei in a tight hold while seeing Alexei looking relieved by the look on his face. Jinks continued to watch as tears fell from Alexei’s eyes and saw Eric release his hold on Alexei to place a hand on the male’s shoulder who quietly sobbed tears while putting a hand on his face covering his eyes. He continued to watch as the scene went black followed by sensing himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to jerking open his eyes while lurching up in a sitting position to hear a yowl sound sighed and eyed the clock seeing it was a minute before eight o’clock in the morning. Jinks heard a happy meow sound glared at Missy who got onto his lap and rubbed her furry face onto his chin and licked his face as well while giving off meows sounding happy. Jinks glared at the cat and removed her off of him before swinging off the blankets off his form and getting up. He went into the bathroom and eyed himself in the mirror after yanking off the ripped top dropping it on the floor. He stared at his chest and stomach seeing nothing to indicate Hyperon stinging. He sighed and stripped himself of the pants then entered the shower with the water turning on the heat toleration levels which he cleaned himself thoroughly with soap and shampoo then once done allowed the water to rinse himself off. Jinks walked out going to the warming rack where towels were which he grabbed one and dried himself thoroughly then went to his clothes feeling his mood evaporate sensing that they were different from before. Jinks held up the top to glare at it seeing it was a button open top he had before his first stinging by Hyperon. He examined the clothes sensing that they were similar along with finding a black business suit jacket included. Jinks put on the clothes and shoes he discovered were dressy like sneakers. He brushed his hair neatly as he could then left the bathroom to the bedroom doors swinging them open to glare at Torresin standing there with arms folded. 
Jinks glared as Torresin appeared to be frowning which the Builder spoke “Go to the dining room and eat then I’ll tell you what’s up with the change of clothes and your agenda for the day.” 
Jinks without a word walked passed Torresin sensing the Builder following him which he went to the dining room and found Sochin there typing on his lap top along with a Highlander male wearing a suit also typing on a lap top that looked up to stare at him with a frown before resuming typing on the computer. Jinks went to sit down and ate his food finding himself hungry and gulped his drink. He finished pushed aside the tray and eyed Torresin who stood behind Sochin that noticed him staring. 
Torresin he stared at spoke “The Senators after some stalling accepted Senator Jeanette Knight to the King’s position as Queen after doing a vote. They voted on whether to go with Burke Richardson’s letter recommendation to each of them on whom to replace him to finish his term or seek candidates for the title. They kept stalling on when to vote till someone High Council related got a hold of them and yelled at them to vote period or else which they voted and agreed to Richardson’s recommendation by secret ballot vote. The recommendation passed by an almost narrow margin and Senator Jeannette Knight will be sworn in as soon as possible. You’re attending the sworn in ceremony that is being held in the Saints’ Cathedral site of your crowning in the city due to Richardson’s instructions in his letter on the swearing in ceremony and wants you to attend. It’ll be held later today at an appointed hour. ”
Jinks felt himself falling backwards hit a rocky ground and felt his arms grabbed by familiar hands which he growled an annoyed sound sensing himself back in the Hyperon cave as he was lifted up by the Falcons. He glared at the High Council seated on the dais and shifted towards Anubis who reached a clawed hand towards him. Jinks swung up his feet kicking at Anubis only to hear the Falcons growling followed by them forcing him to kneel which he struggled against their grips. He eyed Anubis while willing the Master through who grabbed his shirt with both hands and ripped it open popping the buttons and stood aside as a Hyperon came forwards. He saw it burst into an eater blowing up and saw Anubis look pass him with eyes narrowed. 
Jinks heard a booming male voice speaking “THE RAKCAR HAVE WARSHIPS ORBITING THE PLANET AND ONE OF THE WARSHIP IS A PLANET KILLER WEAPON WARSHIP. CEASE YOUR ACTIONS TOWARDS THE LORD OF THE UNDERWORLD CONTROLLER OF THE EARTH NOW!”
Jinks heard groaning sounds from the Falcons felt himself freed and stood up glaring at the High Council as the scene changed to show his familiar dining room which he faced Torresin who was flaring golden eyes. Jinks looked at him questioning as he heard a siren like sound very loudly sounding in the room. 
He frowned as Torresin spoke as the sound stopped “That siren is sounding an air raid happening at the moment and there’s sources indicating that the planetary shield has been activated. We’re checking out what’s activated it at the moment.” 
He nodded his head and jerked as the scene changed to find himself back among the Hyperon surrounded by them and saw the High Council still seated on the dais. 
He glared at them as Shad spoke “Hyperon attack at will now.”
Jinks heard “No don’t! Belay that order now!”
He stiffened recognizing it as Meritania’s voice sounding behind him as he felt a hand on his shoulder and looked to see the Highlander standing there as the Hyperon halted still surrounding both of them. 
He eyed Meritania who spoke “The Elementals aren’t kidding! There are Rakcaran warships orbiting the planet along with a planet killer machine warship. Horus is Shadan’s only defense against the weapon of the planet killer. The shield won’t hold I know it due to that it won’t stop the Rakcar’s warships from entering the planet and firing on the generators producing the shield destroying it.”
He eyed the High Council as Shad spoke sounding sarcastic “You will say or do anything to spare us from destroying Horus due to knowing your view towards him.” 
He heard nothing from Meritania only felt the Highlander’s hand tighten on his shoulder as he felt a headache and heard Ramses’ voice speaking “High Council, Meritania isn’t kidding the First Ones have detected the Rakcar orbiting the planet and have activated the shield along with planetary weapons. The Rakcar are real due to sensing them from the minds of the Spottians that arrived on Shadan awhile back warning the First Ones that the Rakcar attacked their home world and caused damage which they escaped from the destruction.”
He heard Shad speak “Oh no not you too Ramses?”
Jinks felt annoyance hearing that as Ramses continued “Fine.” 
He saw a light flash standing on the steps of the High Council’s dais revealing a Highlander servant that spoke loudly in a panic voice “High Council, the Rakcar are orbiting the planet with their warships and planet killer warship. Our attempts to communicate with them have resulted in no answer. We sent a signal for the Shadonian fleet to arrive which we’re not sure if it went through or not for we haven’t heard anything from them. The First Ones have managed to activate the planetary shield but I doubt that it’ll hold long due to sensing it won’t block Rakcaran warships from entering the planet and firing on the generators. If you don’t believe me then scan my mind now.” 
He waited as the servant paused to see Shad and Onya bow their heads followed by the Highlander groaning very loudly which he eyed. 
He felt himself annoyed as the speakers raised their heads followed by Shad speaking “Fine we get your message transport Meritania out and leave Horus with the Hyperon.” 
He heard Meritania yell “No!” 
Jinks felt Meritania gone from him as the High Council got up from their seats and entered the gate followed by the speakers and servant which he shifted to stare at the Hyperon that growled while acting threatening towards him. 
He heard Ramses’ voice sounding in his mind “Lance Richard, forget it your pleading we won’t do it period. What the High Council order we obey without question.”
Jinks felt the headache gone from him eyed the Hyperon that charged towards him at all sides and quickly willed the Master through to mentally order paralysis to hit the Hyperon while waving his hands and saw no results as they kept coming towards him. 
He mentally yelled “Father what am I supposed to do now?!”  
Jinks heard Lance speaking in his mind “I’m working on it don’t distract me!”
He ducked as the first wave of Hyperon arrived swinging reed claws at him which he used karate defend himself and continued ducking and getting out of the way as the Hyperon collided with each other appearing to be dazed from that and saw them recover quickly to attack him. 
Jinks felt sleepiness arrived within him yelled mentally “The Meritanians are putting me to sleep!”
He heard Lance yell in his mind “I’m working on it don’t distract me!”
He frowned as the sleepiness persisted and groaned as reeds slashed at his clothes cutting them and slashed at him anywhere all over while feeling himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to discovering himself lying on something that felt like a bed and familiar with his clothes completely off his form and feeling sicknesses and weaknesses hitting him. He willed the Master away from him sensing he didn’t need it. He felt a hand rubbing his forehead jerked open his eyes to stare leaning over him on the bed was Kim which he looked at with confusion. 
He stared at her as she spoke “Lance contacted me and told me to transport you out which I did but had to keep the Meritanians from transporting me elsewhere just to get you transported back to the Hyperon. Your fine at the moment due to that a poisonous drug was injected in your system that is killing off the Hyperon sicknesses but the doctor says bed rest for awhile.”
Jinks spoke finding his voice cracking “What about the Rakcar attacking the planet?”
He heard a sigh from Kim followed by her speaking “Lance tells me that the Rakcar managed to destroy the shield generators after entering the planet with their warships despite the Humans’ planetary weapons firing at them that proved no effect on the warships. The High Council has managed to get through to the Rakcar and is currently having a dialogue seemingly an argument at the moment trying to convince them not to fire their planet killer weapon on the planet.”
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Kim gave up another sigh and then she spoke “The High Council is at the moment stalling the Rakcar from firing on the planet with their warships while waiting for the Shadonian fleet to arrive. There’s nothing to indicate that the fleet got their signal or not hence the stalling which the dialogue has turned into an argument at the moment. The Rakcar is accusing the High Council of favoring the Shadonia hence the other races seeing that species as a leader and worth being in peace with. The High Council has shot back accusing the Rakcar of not being loyal to them and refusing to accept them as their rulers and not doing what they ordered for their home planet. The argument is still ongoing at the moment but I wouldn’t be surprised if the Rakcar would get fed up and fire anyway.” 
Jinks groaned loudly as Kim continued to speak “Oh Meritania managed to contact me and told me to keep you out of the Hyperon’s hands period due to emphasizing that you’re the planet’s only defense from a Rakcar’s planet killer’s weapon. He made it seem like the weapon is nothing but some giant earth rock which you’re capable of destroying mentally. He emphasized to me that I would have to help you with the destroying saying that you would need my strength to do it mentally due to suffering from a medical ailment at the moment.” 
Jinks frowned forming it on his lips as Kim paused to cock her head and then kissed him on the lips which made him feel a little bit better. He stared at her as she broke off the kiss to hold his hand and kept her hand on his forehead. 
He heard Meritania’s voice speaking in his mind “The Rakcar has broken off communications abruptly. Not sure what’s going on but the High Council is still sending messages to them ordering them to obey them and leave the planet alone. I warn you that the planet killer warship is still in position armed and aimed at the planet ready to fire be prepared to destroy the weapon if it fires once I give you the word.” 
Jinks heard nothing from Meritania sighed and stiffened as s sick feeling hit him spoke to Kim “Bathroom I don’t feel good at the moment.” 
He felt no protest from her as she released her hold on him and he got up and got off the bed falling to the floor. He felt Kim’s hands on him holding him up and leaned on her as she guided him into the bathroom which he eyed the toilet with relief on his face and got to it in time as the sickness hitting him became full blown. 

Jinks groaned once done and heard the toilet flush itself as he went to the sink and washed his hands and groaned from the stench in the bathroom sensing the smell going away. He leaned against the sink counter staring at the mirror to sense Kim watching him from the doorway which he looked and stared at her seeing her look worried by the expression on her face. He sighed and went to Kim who took his hand and pulled him not resisting to the bed and force him to lie down on it which he obeyed and didn’t protest as she put blankets covering him up to his chest and he sighed feeling her hand rubbing his forehead. 
He heard Meritania’s voice sounding in his mind “Activity from the planet killer has been detected which indicates that it’s preparing to fire so be prepared to destroy the weapon once it enters the planet.”
He heard nothing else from Meritania sighed and heard a familiar crying sound that reminded him of a baby which he recognized as Nikolas spoke to Kim “Nikolas is crying I hear him.” 
Jinks eyed Kim as she got off the bed and went to the crib lifting Nikolas up and carried him to the bed which she sat on it crossed legged and placed the baby on his back on his stomach area feeling his son’s cries stop followed by cooing sounds. Jinks placed a hand on top of Nikolas’s chest holding the baby on top of him while feeling Kim’s hand below his hand on his son’s stomach. He sighed as Kim’s other hand went on top of his hand gripping it while it was on Nikolas’s body. He stared at the ceiling with a frown as Kim he sensed continued to stare at him. 
He stiffened as he heard Meritania’s voice speaking in a panicky tone in his mind “Ugh the Planet Killer just fired its weapon and it’ll enter the planet soon so get ready to destroy it now on my order.” 
Jinks shut his eyes waiting for Meritania’s worded order and heard the Highlander yell sounding in his mind “Now!”
He cued his senses towards the planet and felt them directed towards an asteroid that was falling towards the ocean right over Australia Atoll which he mentally ordered it to shatter falling apart and found it obeying to his order and sensed it blowing apart into too many small pieces that fell into the ocean in the Australia Atoll area with lots of splashes. He felt himself passing out unconscious came to dreaming of Lance who hugged him abruptly which he didn’t hug back thinking that his father wouldn’t like it. He frowned as Lance stopped hugging him to pat him over his chest and face which made him feel confused. 
Jinks formed confusion on his face as Lance spoke “The Rakcar’s planet killer fired two more times shooting what First Ones call asteroids at the planet. I heard Meritania screaming at you to destroy them which I sensed that you were passed out from destroying one already. For some reason both asteroids after entering the planet wound up destroyed the exact way you destroyed them but I sensed it wasn’t you or Kim doing it but someone else I’m shocked to find out who was responsible.” 
Jinks formed a frown as Lance paused to give off a chuckle sound before adding “It was Nikolas your son who destroyed those asteroids from cueing my senses aimed at you which I discovered him doing it in the process. He seems to have inherited your earth control power abilities and I wouldn’t be surprised if he has Kim’s abilities to manipulate the Meritanians along with your Source abilities.” 
He heard a harrumph sounding off his right sensed it was Ramses which he formed a glare on his face as Lance did the same and he and his father looked at the Meritanians to see all three looked annoyed by the expressions on their faces. 
Jinks heard Lance speak “Something I can do for you Meritanians?” This is a private conversation so be gone now.” 
Jinks eyed Ramses who spoke sarcastic “Oh nothing to worry about.” 
He was interrupted by a screaming sound that made the Meritanians give off giggling sounds which the screaming stopped. 
Jinks frowned for the screaming sounded familiar heard Lance speak sounding angry “Ramses transported Nikolas off planet. Kim just told me that.” 
He felt himself go dead hearing that as the Meritanians kept on giving off giggling sounds twisted his form to face the plants and raised his hands mentally willing the Master through to mentally call for his earthquake power to come and hit only to feel hands grabbing his hands in a tight ironclad hold. 
He heard Lance’s voice speaking “Oh no, you don’t. You’re not doing that. It won’t solve anything for the Meritanians will do anything to spite you back for hurting them.” 
He gave up a roaring sound and struggled against Lance’s ironclad hold on his hands as the Meritanians he saw stopped having mirth on their faces followed by doing double take looks and frowns forming. 
Jinks snarled out “You shouldn’t have transported my son for I’ll see that you’ll pay for this stunt.” 
He heard Lance speak sounding angry “Jinks! Lay off the threats now!”
He gave up another roar and felt paralysis hitting his body that made him hit the ground on his back followed by Lance’s foot placed on his chest and his father leaning down glaring at him with an all black eyed glare. Jinks opened his mouth and felt himself choked as Lance held up a hand fisted towards him. He shut his mouth and felt the choking stopped to feel himself getting nervous as the anger went away from him. 
He stared at Lance who narrowed his eyes and his father spoke “I’m counting on you to calm Nikolas’s mother and get it straight to her that she can have another you’ll father through her who’ll do the job of finding Nikolas once the child is old enough to seek the older brother.” 
Jinks groaned softly which he heard Ramses’ voice speaking “Oh no you don’t Lance Richard, take back that idea now or I’ll do what I did again and I mean it.” 
Jinks eyed Lance who straightened up his form to turn his head looking at the Meritanians he guessed which his father spoke “You don’t like Kim do you hence you spiting her by transporting her son off planet?”
Jinks groaned softly as he heard gasps sounds from the Meritanians followed by Lance speaking again “Its Kim controlling you with her powers on who to transport that have you disliking her and doing anything to spite her just to get her to stop doing her controlling.” 
Jinks heard gasps from the Meritanians as Lance he eyed folded his arms but kept his head aimed at the plants as his father continued “You transported her son off planet due to evidence pointing that Nikolas inherited his father’s powers and thought he would have inherited his mother’s powers and cause you more trouble being controlled not only by Kim but by him. You hated that controlling and would do anything to get it to stop hence transporting Nikolas off planet and threatening to do the same with any other offspring that would come along in the future for fears of being controlled with no end to the controlling stopping.”
He frowned feeling himself calm as Lance continued “Don’t deny it Meritanians, I heard you yelling at Kim to quit the controlling and that you would do anything to get her to stop by you saying it. That includes transporting her son off planet as a lesson along with threatening to do the same to other offspring just to get her to stop controlling you. You hated that controlling and would do anything to stop it wouldn’t you?” 
Jinks felt the paralysis stop followed by Lance walking backwards which he swung himself up to see a gate behind his father along with ropes grabbing him and yanking him through it then the gate disappeared in a flash of light. 
Jinks heard giggling sounds looked at the Meritanians and thought of a question spoke “Meritanians, how old are you anyway in First One cycles?”
He saw mirth looks go away from the Meritanians’ faces followed by shock looks before Ramses spoke folding his arms “Argh he had to ask that question.” 
Jinks twisted to face the Meritanians folding his arms as the plants gave up grumbling sounds with annoyed expressions on their faces. He frowned as he heard a growling sound off his left looked to see Lance came out of the earth with an all black eyed glare on his father’s face that glared at the Meritanians. 
Jinks spoke “I just asked the Meritanians how old they are in First One cycles. They haven’t answered the question yet and seemed annoyed about it.” 
He frowned as Lance spoke with sarcasm making him confused “Well Meritanians aren’t you going to answer my son’s question about how old you are?”
He looked at the Meritanians that stopped their grumbling followed by them staring at Lance with widen eyed shock looks on their faces before Ramses spoke “You ask that question again and I’ll do something spiteful to you so don’t ask period.” 
Jinks heard Lance give off hysterical laughter sounds which he looked at his father with confusion to see him still having his eyes all black despite laughing. 
Jinks heard Ramses speak “I don’t find that funny Lance Richard but insulting so quit you’re laughing now.”
Jinks turned to look at the Meritanians as he heard Lance speak sounding sarcastic “Sorry was thinking of something that made me laugh rudely excuse me.” 
Jinks frowned as he saw the Meritanians narrow their eyes appearing to be staring at Lance from the looks of them which he figured that they were scanning his father’s mind and felt his eyes forced shut. 

Jinks came to hearing a familiar voice speaking “Kim, stop it! You already have someone to care for who needs you now more than ever!”
He recognized the voice as Barry heard crying sounds loudly before becoming softer followed by Barry’s voice again speaking in a calmer tone “That someone is lying on that bed and needs you badly to care for. He has been tortured too many times by medical ailments courtesy of his enemies who do anything to bring him down permanently with the help of the Meritanians obeying their orders. He needs you to help him fight his war with his enemies to stay alive and survive.”
Jinks heard Ramses’ voice sounding “Oh no, you don’t.” 
He heard a click sound followed by crying sounds abruptly ending its noises and heard Barry’s voice speaking “Now you did it Ramses. You shouldn’t have done that for her powers will go to him and he’ll control you like mad for the stunts you pulled. What a shame that your not thinking straight in matters around here.” 
Jinks heard Ramses’ voice sounding “Well don’t even think of giving him any ideas to do any stunts on us or I’ll transport you off planet like I did with that bitch and her offspring.” 
He heard from Barry “I’m surprised that you haven’t bothered to transport him off planet yet. What’s holding you back from doing it hmm?”
He heard Lance’s voice speaking “Barry, Ramses won’t do it because of some link detected between my son and the Shadonia connecting each other. If my son gets transported off planet the Shadonia will go mad turning into killing machines and kill anything in their path including themselves and will keep doing it till they extinct themselves to death. This is something the Meritanians want to avoid due to sensing something important with the Shadonia they have hinted about but refused to say what it is.” 
He felt no emotions hitting him as Barry’s voice spoke “Meritanians don’t complain that I warned you that Horus will go mad in anger once he wakes up and discovers what you did to Kim and his son Nikolas. I know him too well that he’ll retaliate by using his new powers to do things to the High Council just to spite you. I know you three too well that you actually care about the High Council and will do what it takes to keep a group active instead of destroying them out.” 
He heard Barry pause followed by Ramses’ voice speaking “So what Barry? Horus can’t do a thing to us. We’ll cause him pain if he tries any stunts on us and the High Council for no one but us controls us period.” 
He heard hysterical laugher sounds frowned as the laughing became fainter and fainter then silence followed by a familiar sound that made him think it was an alarm clock blaring felt himself lying on a bed with blankets on his form up to his chest and felt a rumbling vibration on it along with pressure of something felt like a cat sitting on him. He heard a meow sounding loudly in a worried tone jerked open his eyes to stare at the ceiling followed by the cat again meowing which he recognized the sound as Missy’s reached out both hands and removed her off of him and sat up. He checked himself mentally finding himself fully healed of medical ailments and sensed that he was back up to full strength along with an awareness feeling hitting him that made him look at the bedroom doors which he stared at to hear Missy give off a yowl and sensed her off the bed and underneath it as one of the doors opened showing Barry peering into the room. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke “Glad to see your up and about Master Jinks. There’s much to be discussed and I’ll see you in the dining room for discussion. Don’t take too long and waste my time.”
He frowned as Barry shut the doors and heard Missy give off an irritated meow followed by sensing her getting out of underneath his bed and getting onto his bed which he eyed her going to her cat bed and watched her tummy sit with ears flat on top of her head. Jinks frowned and felt a need to use the bathroom hit him got up from the bed swinging the blankets off his form and went into the bathroom slamming the door. 

Jinks came out dressed in black clothing that was a long sleeve crew neck top along with pants that seemed for office wear and sneakers on his feet. He sighed feeling himself better from showering and using the toilet went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to see Bill standing in his familiar spot looking relieved to see him. Jinks ignored the butler to walk to the dining room sensing Bill following which he continued to ignore. Once inside he saw Barry sitting in a chair frowning that eyed him entering the room. Jinks went to sit down and gobbled up his food along with gulping down his drinks then once done pushed the tray aside. 
He sensed Bill gone from the room and stared at Barry who cleared his throat before speaking “The Meritanians are in trouble at the moment with the High Council due to something Ramses said that got the group furious with the plants and their laughing attitude after he said his words. Ugh the High Council isn’t buying it that I got Ramses to say his words due to overhearing the entire conversation between the Meritanians and myself talking courtesy of scanning Ajax’s mind when he was asleep eavesdropping on the talk. It’s a pity that the Meritanians have refused to act grown up like despite being very, very old in Human years. The plants from Humans testing one of them due to a medical problem years ago are considered a million years old due to tests done anywhere on the planet that indicate that age to them.” 
Jinks frowned as Barry gave up a sound of disgust before adding “The Meritanians have been repeatedly told to act grown up by the High Council and various people who expect them to act their age instead of young kids who don’t seem to care about rules. Unfortunately it appears that the Meritanians aren’t getting that grow up talk despite people telling it to them.” 
Jinks sensed some awareness hitting him and saw Barry disappear in a flash of light which he stiffened as an image of the Hyperon cave flashed in his mind which he held up a hand fisted and mentally ordered the Meritanians to transport the Builder back to him finding his order obeyed to see the male hit the floor unconscious. Jinks quickly got up from the chair and took a step forwards only to find himself in the Hyperon cave with Hyperon charging towards him in front of him mentally ordered the Meritanians to transport him to the High Council’s throne room which he saw the scene changed to the room and again felt his arms grabbed by the Falcons. 
He eyed the High Council as Shad spoke “Spill it Horus what are you up to? The Meritanians admitted to transporting you to the Badlands but you ordered them to transport you to us so admit what you’re up to now.” 
Jinks spoke “Shouldn’t you be using me to force the Meritanians to transport people to locations when they balk doing it?”
He felt a headache and heard Ramses’ voice sounding in his mind “You’re not doing that Horus, working with the High Council when it’s obvious you hate them.”
Jinks gave off sinister laughing sounds and mentally spoke while still laughing “What better way to control you than through the High Council hmm?”
He heard Ramses speak “High Council, Horus wants to control us through you.”
He heard a pause as he quit his laughing followed by “Argh! Your thinking the same thing controlling Horus into making us obeys you. Don’t even think about putting that in practice! I’ll transport you off planet like I did with Edenia and her son Nikolas oops.” 
Jinks felt rage hitting him snarled a growling sound as the Falcons’ hands on his arms became more ironclad. He felt rage hitting him as the headache abruptly left him and he continued to feel angry fisted his hands while growling angry nonsense sounds. He saw nothing in his eyes sight as it clouded up turning all red and saw blackness shaped of a figure appearing to be male without any details come into view and he felt his eyes forced shut by a hand feeling masculine and heard voices talking that he didn’t understood the words. He continued to feel the angry feeling running through him struggled to free himself from the hands holding his arms in tight grips along with shaking his head as the hand covering his eyes remained keeping them shut. He got a vision of Kim sitting on a floor appearing to be wooden crying very hard while leaning her back against the wall that appeared to be stone and clutching herself with her arms. He continued to see as a figure came into view appearing to be a Banshee holding a wrapped bundle which he figured was a baby and placed it on her lap and saw her eyes widen. He watched as she picked up the bundle and hugged it herself while mouthing the word mine over and over seeing relief on her face. Jinks continued to eye the scene as she and baby disappeared in a flash of green light and then the vision went black which he sensed an awareness hitting him that made him turn his head towards his right while mouthing the name Kim over and over. Jinks felt a feminine body pressed into his front with an arm around him holding him along with hearing cooing sounds that reminded him of Nikolas. He felt himself calming down from his rage as he felt a head touching his shoulder leaning against it and leaned his chin against the head. He sighed as he felt himself become more calmer felt the female stiffened followed by her yanked away along with the hand and Falcons’ grips off of him. Jinks opened his eyes to find himself in the Hyperon cave surrounded by Hyperon while sensing himself filmed. He opened his mouth and gave up a loud roaring sound while growling nonsense sounds. He glared at the Hyperon in front of him that halted their threatening gestures before lowering their arms and turning around walking away from him. Jinks looked around in a circle finding the Hyperon doing the same thing all around him which he spotted a gate took a step and found himself back in the High Council’s throne room arms grabbed by the Falcons. He saw Barry in the room along with Kim with tears standing her cheeks holding a wrapped bundle in her arms he sensed was a girl that cut her crying sounds to give off cooing sounds. 
Jinks looked at Kim looking at him and he spoke “Baby is a girl not a boy.” 
He saw Anubis appear into view grabbing the baby as she fell to the floor with eyes shut and frowned seeing the gonoid head warrior feel her neck with a hand and spoke loud whisper “She’s fainted from the looks of it and is still alive.”
Jinks sighed as Anubis shook Kim repeatedly who jerked up into a sitting position and took the baby from the gonoid head warrior before standing up as the male did the same. Jinks eyed Kim who formed confusion on her face before forming a glare on it while eyeing him. 
He spoke “Spill it the baby is mine isn’t it? Came out of our mating while we were fighting each other?”
He stared at Kim who formed a frown on her face before she looked down at the baby and appeared to be examining it by touching his daughter’s head to see a mop of brown hair from her manipulating the blanket and then stared at him with a frown. 
He spoke “They lied about not having you carrying due to that the drug didn’t work but they hid it from you.” 
He formed a glare on his face as Kim looked at him and nodded her head with a look on her face agreeing to what he said. He stiffened as the Falcons released their holds on his arms and he found himself in the Hyperon cave surrounded by Hyperon that proceeded to attack him. Jinks felt sleepiness hitting him jerked feeling himself falling towards the rocky ground and felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing voices talking sounding familiar. 
He recognized one as Barry’s speaking “The High Council has put Edenia and Merry in suspended animated sleep states. That daughter of Edenia’s turns out to be some Drainer hybrid that she didn’t birth or Master Jinks fathered. The Drainer hybrid has been transported to the Drainers to care for.”
He heard Lance’s voice speaking “Argh why can’t the Meritanians help people with their problems instead of doing the High Council’s dirty work?” 
He heard nothing else felt pressure of a hand shaking his shoulder jerked open his eyes to stare at a Shadonian male leaning over him with the Hyperon’s cave ceiling in view behind the male that spoke in Basic “Manipulator.” 
Jinks felt himself sad yelled “Stop it! Stop it with the insanity! Just stop it now!”
He felt tears spilling from his eyes as the Shadonian straightened up his form to fold his arms still staring at him with eyes narrowed before speaking “Oh turns out he’s like me despite being infected with the jabber.”
Jinks continued to cry tears felt them spilling down onto his face as he wailed anguished cries ignoring the Shadonian staring at him that made him feel an itchy feeling on the right side of his head. He reached with a hand and scratched hard feeling his ear was Human like and his hand was Human like continued to scratch despite the itchiness. He cut his wailing and felt the tears stop as the Shadonian looked away as there were bright light flashed out of the corners of his eyes. He brought a hand to his chest feeling himself the same and realized what the Shadonian meant is that he hadn’t changed into a Hyperon despite being infected with their sicknesses. He forced himself to sit up and brought another hand to his chest feeling it bare of a top despite himself wearing pants and shoes on his feet along with socks. He forced himself to get up awkwardly and looked at what the Shadonian was looking at to see Barry standing in front of a familiar gate a hand waving something that resembled a scorpion by the tail in front of him. 
Jinks frowned as Barry spoke in Basic “Hello anybody cared to tell me what I’m waving?”
He kept his mouth shut as the Shadonian spoke loudly in Basic “That is a stinger known around here to sting us on the foot if we step wrong.”
He frowned as Barry walked up to the Shadonian lowering his hand still holding the scorpion he sensed was still and spoke “Not if you wear the stinger on your arm and you’ll find yourself with special powers.” 
He heard bah ha from the Shadonian as Barry continued speaking “If one of you Hyperon wears this on your arm you’ll see how manipulator you calls him did his magic trick on you.” 
Jinks frowned as the Shadonian snatched the scorpion from Barry and marched up to a Hyperon sticking it on the Hyperon’s arm and stepped back who’s form shredded backwards showing a naked male Highlander looking confused by the expression on the male’s face. Jinks kept his mouth shut as the Shadonian yanked the scorpion from the Highlander’s arm and the Highlander’s form shredded backwards showing a Hyperon in place. 
He heard the Shadonian give off a loud growling sound before turning to face Barry who spoke “I see you get it how manipulator did his trick on you and your people.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the Shadonian quit his growling noises to speak “Bah ha what do you expect us to do with manipulator that rulers keep calling him by this name of Horus and repeatedly dumping onto us? The rulers won’t get it that the jabber won’t work on him despite repeatedly ordering us to jab him with the jabber and he won’t become one of us anyway despite us telling them off about it.”
Barry he stared at spoke “I’ll take him off your hands since its obvious that he’s useless to you. I have a job and I need him to do it.” 
He heard the Shadonian speak “Get out of here and take this Horus with you now.” 
Jinks saw Barry looking at him that jerked his head towards the gate which he walked forwards towards it unstopped and sensed the Builder following him. He reached the gate and halted as an image of room appearing to be a single throne chair room from the looks of it flashed in his mind. He shook his head and frowned when the image remained refusing to go away. 
Jinks heard Barry speak “Just go through anyway. Must be the One manipulating you to do a job from what I’m sensing from him.” 
Jinks obeyed going through the gate to come out of another gate in a forest jungle with night vision again flashing in his eyes. 
He frowned sensing that he was still on Shadan from hearing Lance speaking in his mind sounding annoyed “Why are you asking me that question, Ajax on why I’m still here? Blame it on the All Seeing One for doing that. I don’t have any say on whether I leave this place despite the Meritanians keep throwing me out Hmph.” 
He looked around as Lance became silent hearing nothing more from his father and eyed the jungle sensing nothing threatening which he took a step forwards and heard a twig snap along with a rope wrapping around his ankle yanking him upside down into the air high above the gate dangling. He growled an annoyed sound and looked around upside down to see bushes rumbling down below him showing manoid figures holding gun weapons step into sight that appeared to be Human from the looks of them staring at him. 
Jinks spoke in Summeran “Hello, get me out of this trap now.” 
He heard Summeran spoken from one of the Humans in a male voice “Hmph speaks that language and appears Human but doesn’t smell like one anyway.” 
Jinks folded his arms and spoke as the male voice pause “Excuse me?”
He glared at the Humans as one of them fired their gun and he felt the rope give away holding him up and unfolded his arms and felt himself flipping to land on his feet despite falling towards the ground. He landed and stood among the Humans he eyed surrounded him in a circle to notice that they weren’t Human by their eyes appearing to not have anything to indicate Human in them. Jinks without a word heard foreign language spoken and bent down yanking off the rope off his ankle then stood up tossing it to the ground before folding his arms with a glare on his face. 
He heard Summeran from one of the Humanoids in front of him “The Unseeing One should handle you so cuff him now.” 
Jinks unfolded his arms as two of the Humanoids came forwards grabbing him on the arms yanking them behind and he felt steel on his wrists locking them together and didn’t protest as he was forced to walk through the jungle hearing multiple twigs snapping underneath his and their feet single file. He eyed the Humanoid in front of the line that held up a hand and spoke foreign language halting the group before continuing walking. Jinks frowned as to what was said kept his mouth shut to hear a dog barking like sound sounding loudly and sensed that the group was going towards the gonoid from the sound getting louder and louder. He eyed the Humanoids in front of him that separated forming an aisle and he was brought into a clearing to see a male appearing to be Human sitting on a log wearing some eye wear mask covering his eyes with a dog appearing to be a German Shepherd Dog breed from the looks of it next to him having some kind of harness on the gonoid. He sensed that the male was blind frowned as he was forced towards the Humanoid and then forced to kneel once a meter away from him. Jinks kept his mouth shut as the dog abruptly walked forwards only held back by the blind man having a hand on its leash which he sensed the gonoid wanted to sniff him. Jinks heard foreign language spoken from one of the Humanoids besides him holding him down kneeling in front of the blind man. 
He frowned as the blind man answered in Summeran “Interesting, you got a name stranger since it’s obvious that you’re not human despite looking like one?”
Jinks spoke “I go by the name of Jinks Montreal among the Humans.”
He frowned as the blind man gave off hysterical laughter sounds that made him confused before the male spoke cutting off the laughing “Ah that’s not what I meant Mr. Montreal. I meant the name you go by the High Council has given you that you reek of their servants and appear to have claw marks on your arms from two of them holding you there. It’s obvious that the High Council found displeasure with you and dumped you here hmm?”
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth figuring out that the male wasn’t so blind but had some ability to see him despite having eyes covered. 
He spoke “Fine the High Council call me Horus which is short for son of Osiris.” 
He heard growling noises sounding among the Humanoids besides him and saw the blind man held up a hand palm up and heard a word speaking sounding in his mind “CEASE.” 
Jinks frowned as the growling stopped followed by the blind man lowering his hand to put it on his thigh while still seated on the log. 
He heard the blind man speak “Interesting but your not the one that has been identified as Horus son of Osiris. Care to explain why the High Council calls you that?”
Jinks frown heard nothing from Lance spoke “I’m just another son fathered by Osiris that is inhibiting the father’s body due to the High Council destroying my original body after doing a job for them. The High Council I should tell you have some sick obsession with trying to kill me with all kinds of methods including sickening sicknesses on me and attempting to ruin my life among the Humans.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth shut seeing the blind man’s mouth turn into a thin line and sensed that he had spoken too much to annoy the male. 
He kept his mouth shut as the blind man spoke in foreign language followed by hearing a voice yell loudly “Don’t you dare do that!”
He heard groaning sounds from the Humanoids as the blind man shifted to look off besides him which he followed his example and saw a Wiser came walking into view an angry look on the face. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the Wiser spoke “You leave him living period or the Shadonia will extinct themselves to death and take others with them in the process.”
Jinks heard the blind man speak “Don’t tell me this stranger is this reputed Lord of the Underworld I’ve been hearing about going on around the natives here.” 
He eyed the Wiser while keeping his mouth shut as the manoid spoke “Physically he’s what you said but his father is around spiritually.”
Jinks looked at the blind man who shifted his head towards him and he stiffened as Lance’s voice sounded in his mind “So we meet again, Telviv. I see that your female has turned out to be a gonoid from the looks of her.”  
Jinks kept his mind blank not replying to Lance’s comment as the Wiser spoke “See what I meant spiritually, Unseeing One?”
He eyed the blind man who spoke “Ah Osiris lives and survived the stabbing by his own traitorous brother.”
Jinks heard foreign language sounding from the Humanoids around him followed by the blind man holding up a hand and again heard that loud voice sounding in his mind “CEASE.” 
He heard the talking become silent as the blind man lowered his hand and then spoke “Interesting, Wiser, but what’s Osiris’s purpose of being here anyway besides introducing himself to us?”
Jinks frowned as the Wiser he heard spoke in foreign language which he eyed the blind man to see him disappear in a flash of bright light along with the dog. He heard screaming sounds from the Humanoids and felt their hands off of him followed by silence as he stood up yanking the handcuffs off his wrists and looked around seeing the people were lying still sensing them alive. 
He turned to face the Wiser who spoke looking angry “Drat this was not expected and now the head will be cut off permanently due to knowing them too well.”
He frowned hearing the Wiser’s words as the manoid continued talking “Argh nothing will revived them from their state without a head restored in its place and I know of a way but it’ll bring the people out of the open and cause more trouble for them. Oh well nothing I can do but do it and see that the damage is fixed period.” 
Jinks frowned as the Wiser thrust out a sword from an arm and marched up to him grabbing him on the wrist and with a thrust cut his hand with the weapon making him grimace from the pain and felt himself bleeding from it. Before Jinks could protest he felt himself forced down to place his bleeding hand over a Humanoid’s face seeing the eyes were open and saw blood drip into the eye area making the Humanoid shut the eyes from that abruptly. Jinks felt himself freed from the Wiser’s hold stood up straightening his form and eyed the manoid that wiped his sword on the ground before standing up to thrust the weapon back into his arm from the looks of it. Jinks stiffened as he felt a headache hitting him that made him groan loudly and shook his head followed by the pain abruptly stopping. He shut his eyes and stiffened as familiar hands gloved grabbed he by the arms in tight ironclad holds which he opened his eyes and glared at the High Council seated in their seats behind the speakers seeing that he was in their throne room. 
Jinks felt himself angry fisted his hands glaring at the High Council as Shad spoke with sarcasm “Interesting that you survived the Hyperon sicknesses and didn’t change as we thought you would do.” 
He spoke “I communicated with the Hyperon that their sick of you dumping me onto them and you not getting it that their sicknesses won’t work on me so quit the insanity now.” 
He formed a glare on his face fisting his hands as Onya spoke “Insanity? What insanity?”
He heard both speakers give off laughing sounds which he opened his mouth and roared an angry nonsense sound very loudly that seemed to echo in the room followed by feeling a hand gloved clamped over his mouth cutting the noises.
Jinks eyed the hand’s owner was Anubis with a glare which he shifted to glare at the High Council as Shad spoke “Hah you proved to be useful in getting rid of something we’ve been seeking for no success and trying to remove.” 
He recalled the blind man flashing in his mind as Onya spoke “At least we don’t have to worry about the Merrans causing us any trouble since the head has been cut off permanently controlling them to do frivolous things to annoy us.” 
Jinks recalled the Wiser’s words figured out what the High Council was talking about but wisely kept his mouth shut on what the Wiser did to him and his hand. 
He heard Shad speak “Anyhow Erra dump Horus in King Winter’s Kingdom and make sure it’s in the ocean near the sea floor perhaps underneath an ice float.”
He felt the Falcons and Anubis release him and found himself in his bedroom in the penthouse to hear an excited meow sounding loudly followed by pressure on his left leg of a cat body rubbing along with a head felt rubbing. 
Jinks mentally spoke “Alright who got Erra to transport me to my bedroom instead of doing High Council orders?”
He heard from Lance sounding annoyed “Jinks cut that tone now. It was Erra who did it by herself and don’t make her regret doing it.” 
He mentally spoke “Aw tell her I appreciate it so excuse me while I get a life for being rude.”
He heard from Lance “Ah Jinks go shower and go to bed that’s her request and I insist you do it period.” 
He sighed and without a comment went into the bathroom to shower. 

Jinks came out without his clothes on his form fresh from showering and felt himself annoyed with being naked for there weren’t any pajama pants on the sink counter in the bathroom. 
He heard from Lance “Since when you are vain Jinks? Go to bed and forget the pajamas.” 
Jinks groaned and went to the bed yanking the blankets back and got inside then yanked the blankets up to his chest and stared at the ceiling with a frown. He felt Missy get onto his chest and tummy sit from the feeling along with rumbling vibrations felt of her purring. He sighed and felt himself getting sleepy and shut his eyes feeling himself passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance who was glaring at the Meritanians giving off hysterical giggling sounds. 
Jinks spoke loudly “Excuse me what’s so funny this time? I missed the joke.”
He saw Lance look at him with an all black eyed glare followed by pointing a finger at him and his father spoke “The Meritanians played a joke transporting that blind man to the High Council knowing that the Wiser would fix their damage by putting you in place as the Merrans’ head.” 
He felt confusion hitting him spoke “Merrans? Wouldn’t they be those Human like people I just recently met?”
He saw Lance fold his arms and followed by his father speaking “You got it in one. Their, the Merrans people created by a Meritanian named Merra just prior to Ramses transporting her off Shadan. They were linked to the blind man mentally to his mind and now their linked to you thanks to that Wiser’s manipulating. You’re their head now.”
Jinks spoke “Um what do I gain having the Merrans linked to me anyway?”
He frowned as Lance spoke “Hah more trouble for the High Council and more people for your army in this war of keeping you alive.”
Jinks opened his mouth and heard ahem sounding loudly which he felt Lance twist his form to face the Meritanians and looked off his right to see Ajax standing there looking annoyed. 
Jinks frowned as Ajax spoke “Predecessor, the Meritanians are laughing again and refused to say what’s so funny despite being ordered. The High Council orders you to hit them with your earthquake power to cut off their laughing sounds that is annoying to hear.” 
He heard harrumphs from the Meritanians followed by Ramses speaking “Some of the jokes aren’t suitable for the High Council to hear due to overhearing First Ones saying it and their making fun of certain things the group won’t tolerate hearing.” 
Jinks shifted his eyes towards the Meritanians as he heard Ajax speaking “Spill it Ramses it isn’t the First Ones that have you laughing its something else.” 
He heard from Lance “Oh alright I’ll tell you Ajax. The Meritanians transported the Merrans’ head some blind man to the High Council in front of Horus there. I witnessed a Wiser at the scene doing something to my son’s hand as in cutting it and letting blood leak onto the eyes of a Merran. I don’t know what that Wiser was thinking of doing that.” 
Jinks turned his eyes to Ajax who looked confused that looked at him before speaking “No way my father can replace that blind man as the Merrans’ head. Only a Merran with some Highlander mind walking traits can take the job besides it’s impossible for my father to do it. He doesn’t have Merran traits in him.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Ajax’s words as Lance he heard spoke “Fine. What do you know of the Wiser attempting to do that stunt on your father to the Merrans?”
He stared at Ajax who appeared to be frowning before his son spoke “That Wiser was probably desperate to keep the Merrans alive for without the blind man as their head they don’t do anything but lie still on wherever they fell and remain like that despite anything going on around them.”
Jinks stiffened as some awareness hit him eyed the Meritanians that were staring at him with narrowed eyed looks as a memory of meeting Leader brother of Alexei flashed in his mind. He recalled the Merrans to sense that they weren’t Human despite having an appearance of that along with eyes that made him think they weren’t Human but recalled it was because of his night vision in his eyes sight making him think the eye differences. 
Jinks felt a hand shake his shoulder and looked at his left to see Lance glaring at him who spoke “You zoned out Jinks. I think you need some sleep due to your zoned out state.” 
Jinks didn’t protest as his eyes were forced shut felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm clock blare its noises sighed and rolled over throwing the blankets over his head. 
He heard a yowl sounding loudly spoke “Missy let me sleep you silly kitty.”
He felt tapping on his side of a hand patting him followed by Barry’s voice speaking “Jinks, get up you slept enough for three days.” 
He groaned loudly followed by Barry’s voice again speaking “Besides you have duties that require you to do them as Emperor so get up.” 
Jinks felt the hand stop its patting on top of him whom he sighed and opened his eyes sitting up throwing the blankets off of him and discover underwear shorts on his form covering his sensitive part. 
He felt confused as he stared at Barry standing next to the bed which the Builder spoke “Your duty requires to you to shower, get dressed and go to the dining room to eat and find your agenda for the day. Don’t take too long patience isn’t your people’s strong suit.” 
He watched as Barry walked to the open bedroom door and walked out of the room shutting it behind him. Jinks sighed and got up from the bed as he heard a meow sounding loudly irritated to him. He looked to see Missy get out from underneath the bed and go to him rubbing herself on his leg. He sighed and bent down rubbing her back then straightened up his form going into the bathroom to pause seeing a Human male with golden Builder eyes and short black hair standing next to the tub with arms folded and wearing raggedy loose clothing that reminded him of gonoid skins sewed together and a cloth strap with a gun weapon point peeking behind his shoulder.
Jinks stared at the male who spoke pointing a finger at him “You’re the one that Wiser talked about.” 
He frowned as the male refolded his arm and then lowered his arms before fading from view and he sensed a light show in his doorway followed by the bathroom door slamming shut with a bang sound. Jinks frowned and rubbed a hand on his forehead and sighed again which he figured that since he was in the bathroom he’ll use the facilities. 

Jinks came out of the bathroom dressed in his familiar black clothes shaking his head with annoyance running through him. He figured to himself that the male in the bathroom was a Merran some type of Zeskaya due to transporting through the doorway like one hence the male’s words indicating who replaced the blind man as their head. 
Jinks sighed and went to the bedroom doors swinging them open to see Bill flaring golden eyes that spoke “Intruder was detected in your bathroom with you in it.”
Jinks spoke “I’m fine as far as I’m concerned nothing seriously wrong.” 
He saw Bill’s eyes narrow appearing to scrutiny him which he ignored and went to the dining room sensing the butler following which he didn’t say anything about. He saw only Barry seated in the dining room at the table that looked at him with some scrutiny look that annoyed him. Jinks went to sit down and ate his food gobbling it up and gulping down the cups’ drinks. He sighed once done pushed aside the tray and stared at Barry sensing the butler gone from the room. 
Jinks spoke “Spill it Barry what am I supposed to be doing as Emperor that you insisted that I get up? I don’t see anybody here in this room besides you to tell me my agenda. So this better be worth my time.” 
He formed a glare on his face as Barry spoke “Merrans, what have you heard about them?”
He stiffened hearing Barry mention the word Merrans which he spoke “Some Meritanian named Merra created them hence their named after her.” 
He frowned as Barry spoke “Oh really? They were created by a manoid mating with a part of Merra too many times to count and that manoid I know who it is did it while drunk with some alcoholic drink each time and doesn’t fully remember doing it.” 
Jinks formed a frown on his face hearing Barry’s tone was of sarcasm. 
He heard Lance speak sounding in his mind “Barry thinks I’m the one who did the mating with that plant Hmph. I don’t remember anything whenever I drink myself drunk enough to put myself out to do odd things including annoying people too.”
Jinks saw Barry’s eyes narrow spoke “I don’t remember anything whenever I drink enough alcohol to become drunk enough to put me out to do odd things including annoying people too.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as Barry spoke “Interesting you’re an alcoholic hmm?”
Jinks sighed and spoke “Yah one sip of alcohol and I’ll find myself wanting to drink more of it and will keep on doing it even putting myself out while getting drunk.” 
He sighed again as Barry spoke “Interesting which you shouldn’t make that a secret or otherwise people will find you’re refusing to drink rude.” 
Jinks groaned softly as Barry continued “Just be firm that you and alcohol don’t mix and make it clear that you were an alcoholic and would rather not tempt fate with drinking again. They should listen to you if you’re firm on that matter.”
He sighed for the third time as Barry gave him a narrowed eyed look which he spoke “Fine I’ll see what I can do about that and make sure I don’t tempt fate again-” 

Once again Nikolas paused from telling his tale to give off a sound of disgust again. He formed a glare in response to Yana's telling him to keep telling the story. Nikolas ignored Yana and heard Tank's laughter in his mind in a louder tone of a voice. Groaning softly he kept on speaking the story this time changing the subject.

Jinks frown hearing as Ramses paused followed by yelling in his mind “No you’re not thinking of doing that! Don’t you dare!” 
He felt himself confused as Ramses continued sounding pleading “No do not do that idea! I insist you not to do it!” 
Jinks frown further hearing that as Shad spoke “Horus we have a job for you to do.” 
Jinks heard Ramses yell in his mind “Don’t you dare say it!”
He heard Shad speak “We want you to order the Merrans to sting the Meritanians inside at our order as said due to that the plants aren’t getting the message that their jokes aren’t tolerated around here.” 
Jinks heard from Ramses “Do that order Horus and I’ll make you regret it period.” 
He mentally spoke “Then lay off doing the High Council’s orders involving torturing me and I won’t do that order.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust as Onya spoke “Ah Ramses transport Horus back to his home now. We’re done with him for now.” 
Jinks felt the Falcons release their holds on his arms along with finding himself in the lobby of his home building and saw Torresin standing nearby that spoke “Good wondering when the High Council would finish chatting with you. Let’s get this over with.” 
Jinks walked to the entrance and walked out hearing a gasp from the crowd sensing Torresin following him while sensing himself filmed as he felt the headache of his mind still scanned figured that the Meritanians were still doing it. 
He went to the microphone and folded his arms waiting as Torresin spoke whispering “They want reaction to your drunken status and shooting.”
He spoke as Torresin became silent “Alright I admit it I’m a recovering alcoholic. A mere sip of alcohol and I’ll find myself wanting to drink more of it till I’m out of it drunk and doing annoying behavior while under the influence.”
He paused to hear gasps sounds followed by continuing speaking “Alright as for the shooter rest assured that some Drainer got a hold of him and he won’t be doing much after that.”
He felt Torresin tap him on the shoulder and eyed the Builder that jerked his thumb towards the entrance which he figured it was time to leave obeyed going inside and went to the elevator going inside speaking “Penthouse.”
He felt the elevator go up sighed feeling himself fine felt the headache continue mentally thought to himself “Hello Meritanians why are you still scanning my mind?”
He heard nothing in response felt confusion as Lance sounded in his mind “Jinks, go lie down and get some sleep. I sense your body is complaining from not getting enough rest and wants to sleep hence the headache.”
Jinks sighed as the elevator reached the penthouse floor walked out and eyed the couch which he heard Lance sound in his mind “Hit your bedroom now. You’ll be safer there due to that intruders won’t be able to access the area should they come up via elevator.” 
Jinks sighed and went to his bedroom shutting the doors and went to his bed adjusting the pillow to sit leaning back which he proceeded to do and then shut his eyes to feel himself passing out unconscious- 

Nikolas cut himself off from telling the story he hearing Tank's voice in his mind speaking "What lesson I want you to learn hmm?"
He ignored Tank's voice repeating the question seemingly sarcastic tone and appeared to be directed elsewhere than at him. Nikolas frowned as he eyed Dalton as if drawn to find the male was again into his hissy fit but this time was silent and not commenting a word. He frowned to eye Dalton finding the male ignored his staring till a newspaper whacked him.
Nikolas glared at Yana who spoke "Just tell the story! Ignore Daddy!"
He sighed and obeyed to speak the story ignoring Dalton kept on moving into a silent hissy fit he noticed. 

Shad speaks sounding sarcastic what hold he has over the Meritanians to balk doing orders for them. 
Jinks snarl “you got to be kidding me the Meritanians can control me with mental orders.” 
He hears Shad say “Excuse me? What’s kidding anyway?” 
He speaks “Just some First One saying about protesting people’s remarks them saying it as true when it’s nothing but ridiculous joke.” 
He glared at the High Council as Onya spoke “Interesting Horus but forgot that the Meritanians can control you as can the Builders as proven by them. It’s obvious that the Builders have gotten you to have some hold on the Meritanians Hmm?”
Jinks spoke “Like what hold are you talking about? I fail to see how this can happen.” 
He heard Lance sound in his mind “Actually the High Council is using you as a scapegoat for the Meritanians balking their orders. Their just angry and is using you to take out their anger on.” 
Jinks formed a thin line with his mouth as Onya spoke “You lie, Horus. You know what the hold is and is lying about it so spill it now.” 
He spoke “Oh your just furious at the Meritanians and is taking out your anger onto me so stop that behavior now.” 
He heard both speakers speak “Put Horus to sleep now, Ramses.” 
Jinks felt sleepiness hitting him snarled out loudly “I don’t find this amusing.” 
He shut his eyes as sleepiness persisted and passed out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm clock blare its noises sensed his body was fine while lying in bed in his home sighed and rolled over keeping his eyes shut. 
He heard a loud yowling sound of a cat and sighed as Barry’s voice sounded “Jinks get up now. You slept enough.” 
Jinks opened his eyes and sat up finding himself still wearing his clothes on his form and saw Barry standing in the doorway which the Builder spoke “Don’t take too long patience isn’t my strong suit.” 
He watched Barry leave shutting the door which he sighed and got up to hear a loud meow and saw Missy come out from underneath his bed with ears flat on top of her head and watched her get onto his bed to go to her cat bed and sit in it. He went into the bathroom figuring that he’ll use it. 

Jinks came out with disgust within him while wearing Master Organization Army wear clothes in the color black on his form along with combat boots. He felt himself annoyed thinking that the Builders were pulling another job for him to do again hence the clothes and felt himself very disgusted. He went to the bedroom doors yanking them open to spot Bill looking nervous which he walked out ignoring the butler to go to the dining room which he found Boo standing over Sochin’s shoulder who was typing onto a lap top while Barry was seated opposite them looking annoyed by the expression on the Builder’s face. Jinks went to sit down ate his food gobbling it up along with gulping down his drink. He pushed aside the tray feeling himself further disgusted and folded his arms to glare at Boo. He sensed people enter the room remained seated and heard throat clearing noises sounding loudly which he ignored and saw Boo looking at him and point a finger at the people standing besides him. Jinks got up to see two familiar Humans were there along with a Highlander. He saw that the Humans had the familiar clothing in their hands along with weapons. He put on the mask and gloves then took the dart gun along with the bullet gun then stood staring at Boo who cleared his throat loudly while eyes narrowed at him. Jinks exhaled a breath and mentally willed both the Master and Darkness through then stood staring at Boo who held up his familiar device flashing a hologram of a person he saw with disgust was Jeannette Knight. 
He heard from Boo “This is your target. You’re to inject the drug anywhere in her neck and make sure all of it goes in.” 
He refrained from making a loud disgust sound as Boo added “We’ll transport you to a location then scramble your signal and transport you to your targeted location so be prepared for it.” 
Jinks bobbed his head and then held the bullet gun waiting as he heard Boo speaking foreign language found himself outside in a forest clearing hearing a loud howling sound that sounded familiar followed by a stinging pain in the back of his neck felt sleepiness shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feeling an irritation hitting him jerked open his eyes to discover his clothes were off his form and he was wearing some hospital gown with a blanket on his form and restraints on his ankles and wrists. He felt a familiar device on the back on his neck along with something enclosing his sensitive part which he figured what it was rolled his eyes groaning releasing the toxins from within him. He sighed once done and looked around the room to spot two doors on opposite walls along with on the wall in front of him was a large black window and he sensed himself filmed. Jinks sighed and willed the Master and Darkness away from him feeling himself not needing to use either in control. Jinks looked around the room again and frowned seeing it looked familiar and saw smoke billowing down from grates in the ceiling which he coughed making him feel sleepy shut his eyes only to come too hearing a loud ringing noise while sensing his body was naked with front pressing against some metal fence and there were manacles around his wrists holding them above him. He jerked open his eyes to hear the ringing stop and saw a male Human wearing some military uniform on the other side of the fence with eyes of an Amula seen. 
He stared at the male who held up some boxy device in his hand and spoke “Say the words I give up the throne and you’ll be freed.” 
His senses blared telling him the male said a lie spoke “Why should I bother saying those words anyway?”
He saw the Amula glance at the device with eyes appearing to look at it then the male shifted to look at him before adding “Just say the words, Jinks Montreal.”
He spoke “Forget it I’m not saying it High Council. This stunt won’t work on me so cut it out.” 
He glared at the Amula who gave up a howling sound and felt something hitting his back that felt familiar and felt like a whip that continued to whack him. He felt rage take control allowed the emotion through followed by a rage episode arriving within him putting him out.

Jinks came to find himself lying on the dirt ground still naked and took a look around discovering he was in a cage room highlighted by a giant spotlight shining overhead. 
He heard a familiar voice speaking “Interesting reaction to the whipping. Anyway say the words I give up the throne and you’ll be freed.” 
His senses again blared telling him that the Amula said was a lie looked off his right to spot the male there which he got up willing the Master through and mentally ordered the man to sleep with a hand wave. He saw his order obeyed as the Amula dropped to the ground form changing into a wolf that curled into a ball and appeared to be sleeping. He heard electrical humming sounds coming from the fence surrounding him as he folded his arms and glared at the Amula wolf sleeping. 
He heard “Say the words I give up the throne then you’ll be freed.” 
The voice sounded electronic in a male tone to him which he again got his senses telling him it was a lie spoke “You’re lying with your words on having me freed if I say the phase you want.” 
He again heard the voice echo their familiar words again got his senses blaring which he shook his head and sat down crossed legged putting a hand fisted on his cheek and elbow on his thigh as he stared at the sleeping Amula wolf as the voice continued over and over with his senses continued blaring. He formed disgust on his face as the voice stopped talking followed by the light above going out which he saw above him was a hologram image of himself snapping the neck of a male wearing army clothes while in front of a female wearing medical scrubs. Jinks frowned seeing the scene as the light again blared turning itself on followed by the hologram disappearing. 
He heard the voice say “you killed one of us Amula.’ 
Jinks spoke “I served twenty years in lock up for that killing under some Builder voice ordering me to do it.” 
Jinks heard in response “The judge was lenient due to being part of your Master Organization group. You should have gotten a life sentence in prison as the law states back then.” 
Jinks spoke “I was Builder ordered to do the killing.” 
He heard “You lie!”
He yelled “So are you when you demand me to say some words in exchange for freedom which you’re lying about that!” 
He heard silence in response mentally thought to himself “What’s going on with my tracker and why haven’t the Builders gotten me out of this trap?”
He heard from Lance “Actually the Amula scrambled your signal and keeping it up despite the efforts of your people trying to track you. Oh I can’t talk much to you due to sensing that the Amula can detect me talking to you. They think it’s the Meritanians doing the talking so make them think that.” 
He heard nothing more from Lance heard the voice speak “Say the words I give up the throne and I’ll be lenient towards you.” 
His senses blared telling him that the speaker’s words were a lie spoke out loud “You’re lying again Amula. Now explain why I should bother saying that phase words.”
Jinks heard a howling noise eyed the wolf on other side of the gate that had woken up howling before shifting form to a Human male that got up to stand with arms folded. 
Jinks eyed the Amula who spoke “You’ll pay for putting me to sleep you bastard.” 
He exhaled a breath hearing the threat spoke “Whatever.” 
He heard the Amula spoke “I’ll say the words I give up the throne if I were you.” 
Jinks spoke “Forget it Amula, I’m not saying it period without a very good reason why I should.” 
He glared at the Amula who spoke “The only way to get the public to drop worshipping you as some deity if you give up the throne and announce it via recorded message.” 
He spoke “Nice try but I have the Master Organization who’ll see that I’ll stay Emperor.” 
He heard from the Amula “Master Organization? Hmph actually your nothing but some figurehead worth worshipping as some deity due to your face twin to their deity lord. They won’t do a thing to help you keep the throne so give it up now.” 
He spoke “What makes you think that attitude Amula?”
He heard the anger in his voice tone as the Amula spoke “Don’t think what secret you have will be hidden from us. We’ll find out like that killing you did to one of us. We aim to broadcast to the public a recording of that killing along with you saying the words I give up the throne. Don’t even think of the Master Organization to help you either. We have managed to remove certain people who think you worthy of the Emperor throne and leadership of that group. We made sure your nothing but a figurehead and that your worshippers won’t do a thing to help period.” 
Jinks spoke as the Amula gave up a chuckle sound “Hmph you sound like your working for the High Council who’ll do anything to get me removed from the Emperor throne and make people stop seeing me as some leader.” 
He heard a growl sound from the Amula who spoke in a growling tone “I find your accusation insulting and for saying that you can forget getting yourself freed for we’ll see that you’re in prison for the rest of your life where you should belong for that killing as the law states.” 
Jinks spoke as the Amula paused “Then I’m not going to bother saying the words anyway for you can forget getting them from me.” 
He folded his arms as the Amula spoke “Oh you’ll say them Mr. Montreal you will.” 
He saw the Amula held up the boxy device and saw a hologram flash in front of him through the gate of two people he recognized as Robert and Victoria seated on a bench smiling.
He stiffened as he heard from the Amula “If you don’t talk then two people you have been known to favor keeping them alive will die. We have the means to put them down on a permanent basis with nothing in our way to stop us.” 
His senses blared telling him it was a lie spoke as the hologram stopped “I can detect lies Amula. What you said was a lie and don’t bother threatening me with them. They can take care of themselves and they have the means to defeat your assassins.” 
He glared at the Amula that formed a frown on the male’s face cocking his head like he was listening to something followed by the man speaking “Then if you don’t say the words we tell you then we’ll do what it takes to put those two down on a permanent basis including having the help of the High Council you accuse us for working for.” 
Jinks spoke “What do you plan to do to me if I bother saying those words?”
He narrowed his eyes as the Amula again cocked his head followed by the male speaking “We’ll see that your put in prison where you belong for a life sentence permanently as stated by the law back then.” 
Jinks spoke “Who made you judge and jury to do this Amula?”
He glared at the Amula who spoke “The Builders from what we know will see that you won’t go to prison and will manipulate people to keep you out. They’ll say anything to keep you out of prison where you should belong permanently.”
Jinks unfolded his arms and got up from the ground and walked towards the fence where the Amula was standing behind it. He saw a frown appear on the Amula’s face as he stopped with the fence inches away and folded his arms staring at the male who continued to frown visibly. 
He narrowed his eyes and fisted his hands and bared his teeth at the Amula who continued to frown and then he spoke sarcasm “Why don’t you prove to me that the High Council isn’t behind this stunt due to knowing that group will say anything and do anything to get people to stop being interested in me by having me out of the Emperor position and out of the leadership position in the Master Organization?”
He heard multiple growling sounds of Amula and saw the male’s expression change to disgust as the man spoke in a loud voice “He’s not going for it. I can sense it from him that he’s not going to do what we ordered him.” 
Jinks spoke as the male paused with the growling continued “I know from Builders telling me that High Council have Amula in their employ and that the group will do anything to trash me to the public so don’t bother with this stunt I’m not doing it period.” 
He glared at the Amula as the growling became louder and heard the male give up growling noises that sounded to him like foreign language followed by a loud howling sound that shut up the growling noises. He heard a loud male voice giving up growling noises sounding behind the Amula in front of him followed by the male giving up similar sounds which went back and forth. 
Jinks heard from Lance “Their going to broadcast the killing and say that you should be in prison for a life sentence for it. Your people will counter attack saying that you were Builder ordered and served a twenty year sentence for the killing as said by a judge.”
He frowned as Lance became silent and felt a headache followed by a familiar voice sounding in his mind “Horus what are you doing now?”
He recognized the voice as Ramses spoke “Why are you asking me that question and what’s the High Council’s interest in me this time? I’m busy at the moment so excuse my rude attitude.” 
He glared at the Amula again heard Ramses’ voice sounding in his mind “I eavesdropped on Lance Richard’s talk to you. I’m aware of the situation around you. I got to warn you that the Amula are thinking of targeting the Builders in some war attempt if the Builders prove to counter attack their slanderous attempts to kick you out of the Emperor position and keep you out of being locked up in prison.” 
Jinks continued to glare at the Amula as Ramses paused headache still felt followed by the Meritanian continuing “The Amula from mind scans will do anything to kick you out of the Emperor position and have you thrown in jail for the murder of one of their kind they insist you should serve a life sentence for the killing instead of your lenient twenty year sentence you already served for that. They don’t seem to care if you were Builder ordered or not as long as your in jail for killing one of their kind which they’ll do anything to achieve that result.” 
He mentally spoke “Get out of my mind now and scan Lance Richard’s mind for my thoughts as long as you get out.” 
He felt the headache stop saw the Amula’s eyes narrow with a glare in them as the male spoke “what did the Meritanians want this time Mr. Montreal?’
Jinks spoke sarcasm “Just told me a way out of this situation which I’m not going to say what they said.” 
He glared at the Amula who spoke “My people will see that your in jail permanently and will do what it takes to achieve this result including the deaths of people you care about to get this done.” 
Jinks spoke in a firm tone “Wrong words to say in front of me Amula for you’ll regret it.” 
He smirked as the Amula frowned visibly on his face before the male spoke “I fail to see how you can make bargains when you’re not in position to make one Mr. Montreal.” 
Jinks spoke recalling something of his military training among the Amula flashing in his mind “Oh I am in position to make a bargain Amula and believe me I’m not kidding about that.” 
He continued to smirk with that memory in his mind as the Amula gave up growling sounds that sounded like he was speaking foreign language followed by a loud growling sound behind the male before both went silent. 
Jinks smirked as the Amula spoke “Spill it Mr. Montreal what bargain that’ll interests us to drop our vendetta against you?”
He spoke “Well just answer some questions first then I’ll tell you the bargain. Spill it was the Amula you accuse me of killing held the position of Pack Leader hence your rude attitude towards me?”
He formed a glare on his face aimed at the Amula who appeared to widen his eyes while giving off growling sounds followed by growling sounds heard behind the male. 
He eyed the Amula whose eyes narrowed before the male spoke “That’s none of your concern Mr. Montreal so speak the bargain now.” 
He spoke “None of my concern? You just proved that the Amula that died by my hands held the position of Pack Leader hence your vendetta towards me and your words saying that you’ll and your kind will do anything to see I’m in jail for a life sentence.” 
He smirked as the Amula’s eyes narrowed with anger forming on the male’s face before the man spoke with anger in his voice tone “The bargain Mr. Montreal speak it now and stop wasting my time.” 
Jinks gave up hysterical laughing sounds before cutting off the sounds and cleared his throat before speaking “Oh the bargain Amula? You know an Amula named Britain Morgan? Let me know what happened to him. I’m curious due to him leading some military group connected to the Master Organization where I was given training among the Amula there. So what happened to him anyway?”
He formed an innocent look on his face as the Amula gave up a loud growling sound before speaking “your stalling on giving the bargain Mr. Montreal so speak it now and stop wasting my time.” 
Jinks spoke with sarcasm “Oh your time Amula or should I say Pack Leader hmm?”
He heard multiple growling sounds of Amula sounding loudly and heard the male give off a howling sound and heard the noises cut off followed by the man speaking “I don’t find it amusing that you’re stalling on the bargain Mr. Montreal so speak it now before we do something to beat it out of you through torture.” 
 Jinks recalled the Master in control along with a memory of a conversation with Britain Morgan flashing in his mind spoke “My bargain is that you’ll drop your vendetta against me and I won’t reveal that Britain Morgan admitted to me that his name isn’t really Britain Morgan but the name of the Amula that you accuse me of killing and that one of you is the nephew of the murdered Amula who has taken up this ridiculous attitude towards me.” 
He glared at the Amula who widen his eyes as he paused then continued “I know of the nephew because the murdered Amula’s brother had failed attempts to assassinate me and he admitted to fathering a son through the wife of the murdered Amula. The son from what I know is now an adult full grown and is in position to take over the leadership of the Amula as Pack Leader. Also I know from training with them in military that the Amula would have a vendetta against people if their Pack Leader was proven murdered by someone that isn’t an Amula which explains your attitude towards me.”
He heard growling sounds from the Amula hidden in the darkness as he continued loudly “My bargain is if you pursue this vendetta against me and I will reveal that the murdered Amula held the position of Pack Leader and was a descendant of General Britain Morgan leader of a Master Organization army group of Amula that I trained with. The Master Organization will have proof of this due to one of the higher ranked members insisted that I join the army group which I did. I should warn you that my life and what I did in it has been very crystal clear detailed in records by people who see me as the Master and deity and think its worth their time to keep records of me. They will have recorded of a conversation between me and General Britain Morgan admitting that he changed his name to the name he has now and that his former name is the exact name of the murdered Amula.” 
He heard the Amula in front of him give off a howling noise sounding angry before giving off growling noises that shut up the loud growling noises before the male spoke in Summeran to him “You’re not nice to make this bargain Mr. Montreal. What makes you think we’ll uphold our side of the bargain when you’re not in position to do anything about it?”
Jinks spoke “Oh you sure of that Amula or Pack Leader whatever you are?”
He glared at the Amula who spoke “That view is from what I see are you trapped in a cage and not able to get out without us freeing you. You’re in no position to make any bargains at the moment Mr. Montreal.” 
Jinks cocked his head and spoke “You forget Amula that I’m the vessel of a deity Lord named Master Lance Richard and who do you think will get me out of this situation hmm?”
He heard a chuckle from the Amula who spoke “You expect me to believe that nonsense deity will get you out and force us to uphold our side of the bargain you made with us? Hmph you’re in no position to do anything at the moment.” 
Jinks spoke “I wouldn’t laugh if I were you.” 
He heard the firmness in his voice tone unfolded his arms lowering them as the Amula gave off another chuckle before speaking “What I see is a man trapped in a prison willing to say anything to get out and be free.” 
Jinks raised his hands palms up and willed his earthquake power to come forth and felt the vibrations of the earth shaking all around him as he saw a confused expression appear on the Amula’s face as he continued to shake the earth. 
He heard Lance yell in his mind “That’s enough Jinks! Stop it now before you knock yourself out unconscious!”
He obeyed to will the earthquake to stop and folded his arms before speaking “Oh people will arrive to this location once they pinpoint the source of the earthquake to see what caused it so that will cause you some problems then and free me as a result.” 
He gave up a harrumph sound as a glare formed on the Amula’s face followed by the male speaking in growling tones and saw movement of another male arriving carrying a gun in his hand that stuck the firing end through the bars and fired which he saw a dart come out of it heading towards him caught it with a hand. 
He spoke “Nice try but darting me out won’t work for I’ll catch them shot at me including the bullets.” 
He jerked as he felt a stinging pain in his back hearing a dart gun going off and felt sleepiness groaned loudly and saw the ground rising up to meet him which he felt on his cheek and shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to dreaming of himself waking up in bed in the penthouse getting up and walking into the bathroom only to come out dressed in Master Organization army wear in the color black. He continued to dream of the dining room showing Boo standing along with Sochin there typing on the lap top as himself came into view to sit at the table eating and drinking followed by getting up putting on the mask and gloves then looked at Boo who held up a device showing a hologram of a familiar Amula male. 
He heard Boo speak “Do whatever you want as long as he’s put down permanently.” 
He watched as himself nodded his head followed by Boo speaking in foreign language and saw himself appear in a forest running and shooting the gun while hearing howling sounds of pain sounding loudly before coming onto a wolf that shifted form into the Amula male which he removed his mask and dropped it before throwing a fist into the man’s face jerking it backwards. 
He continued to watch himself speak “You’re not worth killing.”
He heard a gunshot sound followed by himself falling to the ground unconscious and saw a Human male standing holding a hand gun pointed at where he was standing before collapsing followed by the male going to himself to kick him onto his back and aim the gun at him self’s head. 
He heard the Amula target male spoke loudly “Leave him alive for now but dump him in the city for the others to attend to him.”
Jinks saw the male with the hand gun put it away and picked up himself slinging him over his shoulder and ran away out of sight as the Amula shifted to wolf form and darted into the forest darting away as the dream went black.

Jinks came to hearing a ringing noise groaned feeling himself sitting in a chair with arms having restraints to the armrests while having nothing on his form kept himself still asleep only to jerk open his eyes when a loud howling noise sounded loudly in annoyed tone to him. Jinks looked up to discover himself in a spotlight surrounded by Humans appearing to be Amula and all males wearing army clothing holding long guns pointed at him in the vicinity of his eyes sight. He glared at the males as a familiar Amula male stepped forwards from two of the males stepping aside and watched the male walk forwards towards him fisting his hands. Jinks glared at the Amula male who brought a fist into his face that made him move his head back from it connecting with his nose and felt nothing seriously wrong as the fist removed itself. Jinks glared at the male as he sensed something on his forehead that felt familiar and metal like to him which he figured was blocking the tracker from tracking his location. 
He heard the Amula male speak “That’s for ruining things Mr. Montreal with that earthquake of yours. It took an hour for the city’s natives to descend onto our hiding spot which we were able to get out before they arrived including carrying you out as well. The Builders have been seen hanging around by spies and have suspicious hitting them sensed from them. It appears that they know that you caused that earthquake to go off from their reaction of seeing the contents of the hiding spot that showed a cage along with a destroyed whipping machine. Those Builders think someone has you and was overheard telling the police that someone had taken one of their own against their own will and that their trying to track that person. Oh we managed to find out that a device can block the tracker implanted in you can keep it from going off which we have put on your forehead. Don’t think of yanking it off period.”
Jinks spoke feeling an irritation hitting him “You got something for me to relieve myself with?”
He glared at the Amula male he assumed was Pack Leader who spoke “Just do it then they won’t track us here anyway. Besides you were injected with a drug to keep you weak enough to keep you from using your earthquake power which will knock you out if you use it.” 
Jinks felt the Pack Leader’s words were the truth from his senses not blaring them a lie which he shut his eyes and bowed his head forcing himself to release the sleep drug’s toxins out of him. He exhaled a breath through his mouth as he was done opened his eyes and looked up to glare at Pack Leader who was standing nearby his wheelchair. He checked himself and felt a weakness feeling hitting him along with feeling a familiar object on the back of his neck that felt like a restraint to him which he eyed the restraints on his arms to see wires jutting from the bands appearing to go to the device on the back of his neck. He shift to glare at Pack Leader that looked at him with arms folded seeing the male’s facial features clearly that reminded him of General Britain Morgan from memory but the skin was a pale tan color along with hair appearing to be military styled short in black from the looks of it and the eyes still Amula looking as he noticed the others around him had identical eye looks with identical hair styles but various skin colors. 
He glared at Pack Leader he figured was Montoya Ramos’ son the nephew of the murdered Amula that spoke Summeran “Cut him where it hurts the most for not speaking the words I want him to say.” 
Jinks spoke “I give up the throne.” 
He glared at Ramos he figured he’ll call him as the male held up a device and saw a hologram of an electricity wires flash showing two of them. 
He eyed the hologram as Ramos spoke “Your voice has to match what we have on record on the voice recognizer recorder I have in my hand.” 
Jinks growled an angry sound willed the Master away from him as a male came forwards hoisting his gun and pulling out a knife to halt besides him sitting in the chair. 
Jinks spoke refraining from using sarcasm “I give up the throne.” 
He eyed Ramos that continued to hold the device giving up a hologram and saw the two wires of electricity fade and one wire appeared in their place. 
He glared at Ramos who spoke “As the law states for murder I will go to jail and spend the rest of my life in it on a permanent basis. Repeat that now.” 
Jinks clamped his mouth in a thin line as the Amula holding the knife he noticed edged closer towards him and saw the male’s eyes aimed at his sensitive part echoed Ramos’ words and then clamped his mouth shut. 
He glared at Ramos feeling rage running through him as the male spoke “Good I have enough for the broadcast and will proceed as planned. Take off the blocker and let the Builders have him, they can’t do a thing anyway but to lock him up in jail which I’m sure that the public will demand for his incarceration.” 
Jinks glared at Ramos to see the knife holding male took off the device off his forehead along with there a beep sound and he felt the restraints off of him and stood up with arms folded to blink his eyes finding himself in the dining room of the penthouse. He saw Boo and Sochin there typing on the lap top along with Barry seated that had a concentration look on his face with eyes shut. Jinks opened his mouth and saw Boo look at him with a glare putting a finger to his lips and he shut it. He saw Boo point a finger at him and gestured to his jacket which he looked down and without a word walked out of the dining room heading to the bedroom which he felt his arms grabbed by the Falcons as the scene changed to find himself standing in the High Council’s throne room. 
Jinks glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Hmph Ramses you could have said something about Horus not wearing clothes when we asked you to transport him to us.”
He heard nothing from Ramses as Shad continued “Nevertheless we have achieved our objective which is removing Horus from the Emperor throne and removing him from leadership of this group called Master Organization.” 
Jinks growled a soft sound hearing Shad’s words as the speaker continued “Well the public won’t be interested in Horus once they see that broadcast and that the Builders will have a war on their hands should they try to counterattack the Amula species’ work done on Horus himself so Ramses put Horus to sleep now.” 
Jinks felt sleepiness hitting him snarled out “You’ll regret doing this stunt to me.” 
He heard nothing from the speakers as sleepiness persisted and he shut his eyes passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feeling a hand shaking his shoulder jerked open his eyes to discover a familiar ceiling above him that told him he was still in the High Council’s home base and shift to look off his left to stare at the hand’s owner as the hand removed itself from his shoulder. 
He stared with shock seeing the person was Barry who spoke “Jinks get up. You’ll find clothes and shoes in the dresser. Be sure to use the facilities while you’re at it and be quick about it. I don’t have much patience for I have things that are needed to be said to you.” 
Jinks sat up and got up from the bed and saw a dresser next to the bed which he yanked open drawers to find clothes inside that appeared to be folded in black which he took out along with shoes that appeared to be Human styled army combat boots from the looks of them. Jinks took the clothes and shoes into the bathroom figuring that he’ll use the facilities. 

Jinks came out wearing the black clothing that appeared to be some kind of army combat clothing in the color black along with the rest of his clothes consisted of underwear briefs underneath and thick woolen socks for his feet while wearing boots. He sighed rubbing his hair feeling himself annoyed with not able to brush it and saw Barry sitting on the bed looking at him with a big frown on his face. 
Jinks removed his hand and folded his arms and spoke “Alright Barry what is it you wanted to tell me?”
He frowned as Barry spoke “I assure you of one thing the High Council had nothing to do with setting off that Amula identified as Pack Leader Montoya Ramos Junior to pull his stunt played on you. That was courtesy of Montoya Ramos Senior his father according to sources willed him the contents of some safe box in a bank vault he was to acquire once he reached a certain age. The contents from what I’m aware of included recordings of the Amula murdered by you. Also a recording of Ramos Senior himself admitting trying to assassinate you for the murder and that the judge was lenient towards you at your trial and that there’s a law that states a life sentence for murder along with that Amula admitting that his brother held the Pack Leader position at the time of the murder.” 
Jinks gave up a sound of disgust as Barry paused to clear his throat then continued “The High Council courtesy of the Meritanians’ scanning the minds of the Amula managed to figure out the situation and ordered the plants to transport you to them which their reason for knocking you out was to get the tracker device implanted in you removed. Their aware that the Amula can track you through that device implant and managed to take it out and destroy it. The High Council through the Meritanians had a Highlander minion of yours inform your people of the tracker’s removal along with that the Amula have the computer skills ability to track you. Oh I managed to convince the Meritanians to transport me to the High Council and told the group that I will tell you what’s going on due to knowing how you’ll react if someone else told you of the situation.”
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth as Barry gave him a familiar look which he spoke “Last I heard from Ramos that he managed to record me saying some words while under threat by him and his people and that he was going to use them to broadcast a message to the public along with the recording of me killing off one of them. Did he go through with that stunt?”
He formed a glare on his face as Barry spoke “Unfortunately he did that stunt but your people have counterattacked with another recording of the killing very clearly detailed that included a Builder ordering you to do the deed which your people have said that you were Builder ordered. They also said that there was no laws back then saying anything about people breaking the law under Builder voice influence hence the judge’s leniency towards you. Oh the judge who gave you that sentence is still alive and went public to the news affiliates saying that his leniency was because he knew that there was no law related to the Builder species that were ousted after that tape was aired. The judge said that he had no idea what sentence to give you due to that you were Builder ordered to kill someone and there was no law on that decided that twenty years of incarceration was enough punishment towards you for the killing.”
He frowned as Barry again cleared his throat then continued “After the Judge came forwards to the news affiliates there were reported assassination attempts on his life and his family with the responsible party pointing to the Amula themselves according to evidence there by each attempt.”
Jinks frowned and spoke “Barry you talk like its been days since I was knocked out by Ramses.” 
He formed a frown on his face as Barry spoke “The High Council knocked you out for seven days due to having trouble trying to get the implant out of your skull which they figured out a way and did it through your nose including removing the earring devices in your ears that were powering the implant to keep its function. Their reason for removing that implant was due to the Amula had managed to figure out how to track you along with people the High Council have said to me that their interests in you was getting a bit on the obsessed side which they wanted to stop the behavior.” 
Jinks spoke as Barry paused “What’s the public’s reaction towards me anyway?”
He frowned as he saw Barry’s expression change into a big frown as the Builder spoke “Reaction towards you has been mixed with various emotions including people heatedly getting into arguments on the views of the Amula and the views of the Builders related to you killing an Amula under Builder voice order. There are also similar feelings towards the judge who gave you that twenty year sentence and his reasons for that sentence about there being no law back then for Builders using voices on people to break the law. The argument among people has also reached the government officials including the Queen. Their debating on what to do about the situation due to being aware that the Builders have publicized a message through news affiliates about declaring war on the Amula species if they continue to refuse to acknowledge them as the responsible party for the murder of the Amula that died by your hand. The Amula hasn’t responded to that war declaration yet due to that the Builders’ message was only a day ago and it’s still broadcasting at the moment.” 
Jinks exhaled a breath through his mouth as Barry gave him a familiar look which he spoke “What’s the word out regarding me not around to give a statement to the public?”
He frowned as Barry gave a throat clearing noise and the Builder spoke “The moment the Queen got a hold of that Amula’s broadcast and your people’s counterattack broadcast she contacted your people and told them to keep you out of the public eye and not to have you give any statements to the public an order your people are obeying at the moment by letting the High Council have you in their hands. Oh the Builders have been busy giving out broadcasts to the news affiliates accusing the Amula of not acknowledging the Builder species as the responsible party for the murder of one of them and the Builder race’s existence as well.”
Jinks groaned a soft sound as Barry again gave him a familiar look which he spoke “Ugh what’s the High Council’s interest in having me in their hands while this situation is ongoing?”
He stiffed as the scene changed to show the High Council’s throne room and again felt his arms grabbed by the Falcons unfolding them out of position keeping them down at his sides. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Well welcome back Horus so nice of you to join us.” 
He heard the sarcasm in Shad’s voice tone spoke “Well you interrupted a conversation between me and Barry by having me transported here.” 
He clamped his mouth shut as Onya spoke “Oh don’t worry about that Horus. We heard everything said between you and Barry courtesy of that Builder wearing a listening device which picked up the entire conversation. Your being here was us deciding that you were ready for a meeting.” 
Jinks kept the glare on his face aimed it at the High Council as Onya continued “Ah our interests in having you in our hands is due to being aware that there’s Amula serving you would attempt to assassinate you due to sharing the same feeling view of that Amula identified as Montoya Ramos leader of a group of Amula in the city where you live. That view we warn you are very popular among the Amula underneath Ramos’ leadership and the Amula serving you who turned out to support Ramos very fully. There’s other Amula have been detected not part of either group have been thinking of supporting Ramos with his view and some of them are thinking of assassinating you and will do what it takes to do it.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut formed a glare on his face as Onya became silent followed by Shad speaking “Your in our hands till that situation between Builders and Amula get resolved to peace terms along with the Amula dropping their interest in assassinating you or having you thrown in prison.”
He kept his mouth shut as Shad continued talking “Oh one good thing came out of that situation is your no longer considered Emperor due to a majority of First Ones neither Amula or Builder demanding you out of the throne.” 
His senses blared telling him Shad’s words were a lie heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Keep your mouth shut about that being a lie and don’t say anything to make the High Council get upset with you. The group is doing you a favor keeping you safe from people wanting to harm you very badly.” 
He formed a thin line with his mouth as Lance became silent followed by Onya speaking “Anybus take him to the barracks and Meritanians kindly tell the General that Horus’s job is to whip the soldiers in shape by having him fight them in combative art along with teaching them how to improve their fighting skills as well.” 
He heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Don’t you dare protest to that, Jinks. The High Council is in a good mood towards you so don’t wreck it up.” 
He kept his mouth shut as Lance became silent and didn’t protest as the Falcons forced him out of the room into the vast hallway while following Anubis in front. He kept his mouth shut as he was led to the familiar room and blind fold placed over his eyes which he felt the roller coaster movements along with the Falcon’s claws digging into his arms very deeply. 
Jinks spoke during the traveling “Excuse me must you dig your claws into my arms? Please refrain from doing it.” 
He heard Anubis speak a loud whisper sounding like a groaning tone “Your lucky you have your eyes covered the traveling in this always makes me feel like being sick.” 
He heard groaning sounds from the Falcons besides him as the claw digging continued followed by the roller coaster stopping then rising up like an elevator in a fast motion then a loud squealing sound as the thing stopped abruptly. Jinks felt the blindfold removed blinked his eyes and saw sunlight shining as he was forced out and spotted ahead of him was a dirt field appearing to be on the large side holding buildings that reminded him of his time training with the Amula in the Master Organization army group on the mainland. Jinks kept his mouth shut as Anubis gave up a loud roaring sound that made him grimace from the loudness of the noise. He eyed one of the buildings as if drawn to see some kind of door opened and two male Highlanders wearing identical army wear like he was wearing but in the color blue came out jogging towards him held by the Falcons with Anubis in front. He eyed the Highlanders who arrived looking like they had looks on their faces that they were expecting his arrival and both stood with arms folded. 
He heard Anubis speak in a loud whisper “You got the orders to what he’s here for?”
He eyed the Highlanders as one spoke “Yes the Meritanians said it.” 
He felt himself freed from the Falcons’ holds as Anubis spoke “Treat him well and don’t make him regret his cooperation to you.” 
He saw Anubis fade from view followed by hearing a squealing sound behind him frowned staring at the Highlanders as they looked at each other cocking their heads then looked back at him. 
Jinks frowned as one of them spoke “Come with us now. We’ll show you where you’re to go around here.” 
He didn’t protest as they led him to the buildings and explained each function along with a tour inside which he discovered the contents was for an army to train combative art fighting live in residence and take in nourishment and felt himself filmed in each of the buildings and around their vicinity. He noticed other Highlanders there wearing identical clothing as his but in the color blue as his tour guides and that the Highlanders all appeared to be males to him along with identical hair pulled back but various colors of blonde, black and brown and had ranges of emotions on their faces seeing him in their presence. He didn’t comment as the guides led him to the live in residence building and told him one of the beds had a number on it was assigned to him to sleep on. Jinks didn’t comment as his guides bade farewell then he walked among the rows of bunk beds while noticed by Highlanders as he eyed the beds for their numbers seeing they were numbered in Human language style and at the foot part of the bed held the number which he wandered among them checking for his number till he found it in the corner of the room that wasn’t a bunk bed and had like the other beds a brown blanket and a white pillow. Jinks eyed the bed and the other beds to see that they were distanced apart from each other making him feel like the High Council didn’t want him sleeping near their army members. He kept the thought to himself feeling his mind not scanned but figured that the Meritanians were scanning Lance’s mind to hear his thoughts. He went to the bed yanking the blanket back and got inside lying down pulling the blanket up to his chest and stared at the ceiling seeing round lights jutting from it shining above along with the filming sensation felt which he sighed and rolled over on his side facing the wall and threw the blanket over his head and shut his eyes figuring that some rest would do him some good. He dreamed of Lance glaring at the Meritanians that had heads bowed. Jinks cleared his throat and got a black eyed glare from Lance who resumed staring at the Meritanians which he looked to see them having their heads bowed. 
He heard Lance speak with anger in his voice tone “The High Council and their minions on the mainland are encouraging people to stop viewing you as a royal ruler titled Emperor.”
Jinks felt anger take hold glared at the Meritanians as Lance continued “Those minions of theirs are fueling some sort of war between the Amula and Builders over some tape of you killing an Amula by Builder voice order. The minions have been talking the Amula out of believing the Builders while they have been talking to the Builders claiming that the Amula don’t believe them and think their species don’t exist. Both sides thanks to the minions’ talking have resulted in slanderous broadcasts through news affiliates aimed at each other. None of the First Ones have bothered to come forwards preventing this war from happening which is going to happen thanks to the High Council’s manipulating.”
Jinks spoke as Lance stopped talking “Who is capable of stopping this war from happening in the first place? I don’t think I can take the job due to how Amula feel towards me.” 
He eyed the Meritanians that raised their heads with eyes narrowed that told him that they heard him talking and saw them staring at him which he felt some odd feeling hitting him stiffened from it as he heard an ahem sounding from them as a light flashed off his right. 
He looked to see Ajax that spoke “Predecessor.” 
He heard the pleading in his son’s voice along with it on Ajax’s face felt his eyes forced shut felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing a loud sound that sounded like a bugle horn reminding him of his time training with Amula in some army group jerked open his eyes and thrust off the blanket to sit up seeing Highlanders getting up from their beds and making it look neat which he followed their example and followed them outside in the sunlight that looked like sunrise to him to the mess hall building he figured he’ll call it as he went inside. He got in line and followed the Highlanders’ example of getting trays along with dishes of plates and cups and silverware from bins. He stood in line watching them go to a Highlander wearing an apron over a military uniform in the wall put food on their plates and filled their cups with drinks after they placed the tray to him on the counter in front of them. He got a tray full of food along with the drink looking like orange juice from the color and wandered around looking for an empty seat to sit at the tables gathered around the room. His way was blocked by a Highlander with black hair wearing some sort of cap on his head and a glare on his face. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the Highlander spoke pointing a finger “Your table is there next to the wall and you’re to eat there from now on period as ordered by the High Council.” 
He didn’t comment saw a table next to the wall that had a chair next to it and appeared to be distanced away from the other tables and heard the Highlander speak “I’m the leader of this army group referred as General and expect you like the others to address me by the reference along with the word yes once ordered.” 
Jinks looked at him sensing the Highlanders in the room gathered around were eavesdropping by the lack of noises spoke “Yes General.” 
He continued to stare at the General who added “Dismissed and go eat.” 
He spoke “Yes General.” 
Then he walked away going to the table to sit down making sure the chair was next to the wall and eyed the Highlanders in his eyes sight view seated at tables nearby that appeared to be mentally chatting with each other by head jerking gestures while eating their food with silverware. Jinks ate his food recognizing it as vegetables, salad food and fruits from the taste forcing himself to take his time eating it despite feeling himself hungry enough to eat fast which he ate everything on his plate then drank down the cup’s liquid which was orange juice from the taste leaving nothing left. He looked around once done to spot Highlanders getting up from their tables once done eating and going to an area in the room to place trays and dishes in bins then walk out of the mess hall through the entrance. He got up and carried the tray to the bins and followed the Highlanders’ example to walk towards the entrance only to get blocked by the familiar Highlander wearing the cap he again recognized as the General. 
The General spoke as he stared at the Highlander “Rules around here for the army is their also assigned to kitchen duty as in cooking food which your spared from doing that along with giving out the food but your duties involved washing the dishes, the food picker ups and the holders as well as cleaning up messes in the eatery room and its contents.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the General added “Go to the Training Hall. The High Council ordered on you teaching combative art fight. What the High Council orders we obey around here so dismissed.” 
He spoke “Yes General.” 
Jinks walked around the General and left the Mess hall building going outside to see the sun was higher in the sky which he found the building for fighting combative art and went inside seeing a group of ten Highlanders gathered in a semi circle in the middle of the room which he went to them only to halt his walking as one of them stepped forwards hands up in fists and started swinging fists, legs, and feet aimed at him which he found himself blocking with karate. Jinks felt himself annoyed as the Highlander kept on coming which he figured to himself that he would have to fight back to stop the fight. Jinks aimed a kick at the Highlander’s front only to see the male catch his foot which he used the hold to jump up and kick the Highlander on the forehead seeing the blow released the hold on his foot knocking down the male backwards. Jinks regained his footing to keep himself standing and backed up eyes on the Highlander lying on the floor that appeared to be blue and matted that sat up shaking his head with a grimace on his face before lying backwards in a fast motion which he sensed was still alive and knocked out. 
He heard from Lance sounding in his mind “The Meritanians are monitoring you from what I overheard them saying to the High Council including the contents of your fight. I suspect that they knocked out your opponent judging by him appearing to be like that.” 
Jinks shifted towards the Highlander group folding his arms as he saw them appearing to look behind him heard a throat clearing noise which he turned around to see the General standing there escorted by two Highlanders all with arms folded. Jinks lowered his arms keeping his face from displaying any emotion as the General made a head cock gesture and continued to eye the Highlander as he again saw a head cock gesture quickly twisting aside spinning around as he sensed a Highlander behind him kicking a foot aimed at his back. He faced the Highlander who continued to swing fists, legs and feet aimed at him in karate moves which he easily blocked and figured that it was best to fight back and used his limber status to kick the fighter multiple times aimed for the head while having his kicking blocked a few times and continued to aim for the head as he fought back using kicking, fisting and footing sensing the male attempting to do the same to him. Jinks continued to fight figured that he should knock the Highlander off his feet which he proceeded to do seeing the male fall backwards hitting the mat and felt compelled to kick him in the head which he felt annoyed at proceeded to do it and sensed the male knocked out from it. 
Jinks mentally spoke “Drat Meritanians for compel ordering me to kick the Highlander in the head while he’s down. I fail to see what’s the point of doing that Hmph.”
Jinks heard nothing from Lance eyed the downed Highlander to see another Highlander stepped forwards hands up in fists and felt annoyance hitting him as the male proceeded to attack him with karate which he counterattacked knocking the male off his feet with a kicking move and kicked him in the head seeing the male knocked out from that. He heard a loud throat clearing noise sounding off his left looked to see the General was still there and eyed him as his senses blared warning which he raised his right arm blocking a foot aimed at stomach from a Highlander off his right. Jinks figured that the High Council wanted him to fight the Highlanders to gauge his karate movements against their army members trained in it as he looked away towards the fighter and proceeded to fight with him. He found the Highlander anticipated his leg kicking move knocking the two previous Highlander fighters down by backing up several times whenever he made the move only to meet air. Jinks willed himself to calm and glared aimed at the Highlander who formed a frown on the male’s face as he fought him. Jinks figured that his limber status would give him an advantage over the Highlander he sensed from fighting wasn’t that limber like he was proceeded to use his legs to aim kicks at the male’s head seeing them blocked part of the time along with the male using fists aimed at his head and feet aimed at his stomach. Jinks aimed a kick at the Highlander’s head which was blocked then charged forwards throwing fists into the male’s stomach feeling them connect along with a loud groaning noise from the male who bent down gripping his front which he brought a fist into the fighter’s forehead hard and saw him fly backwards onto the matted floor with form still but sensed that he was still alive. Jinks eyed the remaining standing Highlanders with a glare on his face to see two stepped forwards with hands up fisted and blocked their attack by proceeding to make sure that their feet and fists hit each other seeing them get hurt from it. He continued with that stunt till both halted their attack looking dazed which he brought fists into their faces as if compelled and saw them both fly backwards hitting the floor with form still. He eyed the four remaining Highlanders and saw them dart forwards towards him hands up in fists and proceeded to do the stunt again making sure that their kicking and fisting hit each other instead of him which he avoided easily and blocked their attempts to hit him till they halted their attack looking dazed which he fisted and kicked in the head and knocked each of them down seeing them fly backwards hitting the mat then looked around at the Highlanders down on the floor seeing his previous opponents still down on the floor unconscious which he turned to face the General seeing the Highlander had arms still folded a glare on the male’s face. 
Jinks eyed the General who spoke “Interesting reported recorded documents on you fighting combative art aren’t kidding on what they implied of opponents in fights unable to defeat you regardless of the species.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the General continued “Interesting that there’s others reported recorded seeing you practice combative art and said something of quoting giving them the creeps seeing you doing the movements. Hmm I see what they meant by creeps from sensing it while you fought.” 
He kept his mouth shut as the General cleared his throat and he heard whining squeal sounds and felt his arms grabbed by familiar hands he recognized belonging to the Falcons that gripped the areas in tight ironclad holds. He saw Anubis appear standing next to the General with a whining squeal sound. 
Jinks felt annoyance take hold narrowed his eyes in a glare as the General spoke “The order is done as said by the High Council so you can take him now.” 
He glared at the General figuring out that the High Council wanted to test out his karate fighting their army members in it. 
He heard Anubis speak in a loud whisper “The High Council orders that the ones defeated do kitchen duties for seven suns unstopped starting in the order of them knocked out by Horus.” 
He glared at the General who spoke “It’ll be done as ordered Anubis.” 
He didn’t protest as he was forced forwards by the Falcons and kept the glare on his face as he was hauled out of the building to the field and continued hauled towards a giant boulder that stood way over his head and stopped. He eyed the boulder to sense it wasn’t what it appeared as part of it facing him slid open like elevator doors and he was thrust inside to see the familiar couch room with a Highlander at a console there. He glared at Anubis who placed the blindfold covering his eyes and again felt the elevator motion followed by the roller coaster feeling along with the Falcons’ claws digging into his arms then the motion stopped and blinked his eyes as the eye wear was removed. He was forced out into the familiar vast hallway and kept the glare on his face as he was forced into the High Council’s throne room and halted in the middle of the room to face the group behind their speakers. 
He formed a thin line with his mouth and narrowed his eyes as Shad spoke “Well what should we do with you hmm?”
He heard the sarcasm in Shad’s voice tone refrained from talking or thinking of any comment only continued to glare at the High Council as Onya spoke “Perhaps we should have you returned to your home and let the Amula attempt to assassinate you with the Builders defending you in the process. It’s getting interesting on the mainland seeing the Amula and Builders easily manipulated by servants into fighting each other which they haven’t yet declared war on each other despite our servants’ manipulating.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Onya paused followed by both speakers giving off laughing sounds before cutting it off followed by Shad speaking “Hmm perhaps we should have you dumped among the Amula and see how you handle fighting them which should be interesting seeing that.” 
Jinks spoke as if compelled to speak “Where will you dump me and how you plan to view me fighting off Amula without interference of other species fighting the Amula off of me?”
He clamped his mouth shut into a thin line and kept the glare on his face as Shad spoke “Interesting question Horus and interesting point anyway put him to sleep, Ramses.”
Jinks felt sleepiness shook his head feeling himself passing out unconscious came to hearing a ringing sound jerked open his eyes finding himself seated in a chair with restraints felt on his legs and arms pining him to the chair and felt his clothes were still on his form which he looked up to discover himself underneath a spotlight along with surrounded by Human males with eyes of Amula holding long guns in their hands aimed at him. Jinks recalled his time in prison with the Amula kept his mouth shut formed a glare on his face as a familiar Amula he recognized as Ramos came into view from behind him chuckling loudly. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Ramos he eyed formed a sneer on his face and spoke with it in his tone “So nice of the Meritanians to dump you onto us. It’ll get those miserable excuse hybrid Amula Humans calling themselves Builders to back off with their threats of war towards us and our kind once we announce that we have you in our hands.” 
Jinks spoke as Ramos gave up another laugh “What do you know of the Lord of the Underworld hmm?”
He glared at Ramos who formed anger on his face before the male spoke “Bastard knows of our deity lord. Some Amula turned traitor and blabbed this to him for this is only known among our species and kept secret religiously.” 
Jinks spoke as Ramos paused “Oh really what about the Highlanders and the Meritanians? Both are mind walkers and could have easily gained information from your mind and blabbed it to me.”
He glared at Ramos who marched forwards and threw a fist aimed at him which hit him on the forehead making him jerk his head backwards followed by Ramos’ voice speaking in an angry tone “Your words are insulting Mr. Montreal to imply our allies as traitors to our kind in this war we’re fighting with the miserable Builders.” 
Jinks brought his head back in position to glare at Ramos sensing an edge in the male’s voice tone that made his senses blare warning as the Amula male added loudly “Suit up now!”
Jinks watched as Ramos pulled out cloth from his pocket of his pants putting it on his head seeing it was a mask that only bared the male’s eyes and saw the others doing the same as one came forwards holding a device in his hand that reminded him of a cell phone. 
He glared at Ramos who stepped aside and went to the masked male holding the cell phone device aimed at him and heard “Recording on now.” 
Jinks sensed himself filmed as Ramos spoke loudly “Builders or whatever you call yourself back off with this war on us now. We have Jinks Montreal and will inflict harm to him if you don’t back off your threats now.” 
He felt the filming stop as the Amula holding the cell phone spoke “Recorder off sending the video to the news affiliate along with scrambling the signal so they won’t track it.”
He eyed the Amula holding the cell phone and with a hand fiddled with it pressing buttons as he heard beeping sounds that continued lengthy followed by the male again speaking “Done. They should get the video and broadcast it within an hour’s time.”
He continued to eye the male Amula who folded the cell phone in half and pocketed the device in his pants’ pocket and walked to stand among the Amula in a circle facing him with guns pointed. 
He shifted to glare at Ramos who spoke loudly “Well let’s see what the Builders have to say once they get the video for there’s nothing they can do about preventing us from harming you if they react with a threat.”
Jinks glared at Ramos willed the Master through to see Ramos’ eyes narrow with some look in them and heard the male give off a growling sound and heard multiple gun cocking sounds loudly. He fisted his hands mentally ordering his body to charge of electricity and felt the restraints snap open then stood up pushing the chair backwards away from him to hear it slide on the floor with a scraping sound behind him. 
He glared at Ramos who spoke “Do anything threatening to me and my people will riddle your body with bullets from their guns.” 
Jinks uncurled his hands and twisted in a circle waving his hands mentally ordering guns to jam seeing the Amula had gathered around him and Ramos in a large circle on the edges of the spotlight shining above guns still aimed at him. 
Jinks mentally ordered paralysis to hit Ramos’s lower body with a hand wave and heard him speak “What the depths? I lost feeling in my legs and I can’t move who’s pulling this on me?”
He heard growling sounds from the Amula gathered around him took a step forwards towards Ramos and heard multiple sounds of gun jamming sounding loudly as he continued to walk towards the Amula’s leader. He reached Ramos and brought a hand towards the Amula’s leader’s neck in a tight ironclad hold which he in response waved away the paralysis and lifted the male up dangling his feet and heard gasps sounding loudly among the Amula around him. 
He saw Ramos’s narrowed eyes widen with some look of shock in them as he spoke in a loud tone “You know me as Jinks Montreal but among the Amula I’m known as the Lord of the Underworld your deity lord. I insist you cease this behavior towards me for I don’t find it amusing along with ceasing this war with the Builders.”
His senses blared warning as he sensed a presence behind him swung Ramos throwing him releasing his hold at the Amula male that was behind him gun raised above his head and watched the Amula’s leader hit the male and saw them both crumble to the ground with groaning sounds loudly. Jinks heard Ramos give off loud growling sounds as the Amula’s leader untangled himself from the male Amula and saw the Amula gathered around charging with guns swinging aimed at him. Jinks recalled a similar situation while fighting the Highlanders mentally used his senses to get out of the way of the attacking Amula along with getting them to hit each other with their swinging guns sensing them receive pain from that along with avoiding getting kicked and fisted by them by making them miss and hit each other. He continued to do the avoidance stunt till he heard a loud howling sound sounding loudly and saw the Amula back up going to stand in a circle around the spotlight surrounding him with one his senses told him was Ramos standing in the spotlight with eyes narrowed. 
Jinks glared at Ramos who spoke “You expect me to believe that the Lord of the Underworld allowed some Builder to control him into killing one of us?”
Jinks heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Ah ask him what have that murdered Amula done to die by the hands of you since you’re the Lord of the Underworld.” 
Jinks spoke “Tell me what have that Amula that died by my hands done to be killed off?”
Jinks glared at Ramos to hear a growling sound come from Amula’s leader only to cut it off as an Amula male stepped forwards putting a hand on the male’s shoulder in some apparent tight grip while hearing growling noises from one touching him. He heard the growling noises seemed lengthy as Ramos gave up a loud roaring howling noise interrupting the male’s talk he assumed before becoming silent followed by the growling noises resuming. 
He heard the noises stop followed by Ramos speaking in Summeran “That video message you recorded the Meritanians say that you deleted it. Confirm that.” 
He heard a groan sound loudly off his left and saw a male step forwards speaking in Summeran he heard “I remembered something said identifying the Lord of the Underworld which Mr. Montreal displayed one of the behaviors deleted the video due to recognizing who he was which is what he proved by his actions towards you and us as well.”
He heard multiple growling noises then was cut off by a howling noises followed by Ramos speaking “Mr. Montreal I’ll drop my vendetta if you personally do a public apology for that killing and tell the Builders to back off with their war threats. It’s your job to handle the Builders and their threats against us Amula. I’m not doing a thing about that and prefer you to handle it. Meritanians transport him out now.” 
He blinked his eyes and found himself outside his home building from the looks of it with Torresin there doing a double take look on his face seeing him while standing sideways in front of a microphone looking in his direction as he heard gasps sounds. Jinks shut his eyes quickly and willed the Master away from him then opened his eyes and folded his arms marching up Torresin forming a glare on his face. 
He snarled “Move aside I have something to say.”
He glared at Torresin who spoke “Public wants your reaction to some video circulating around showing you killing a male identified as an Amula under Builder voice order.” 
Jinks narrowed his eyes and spoke making sure his voice could be heard amplified through the microphone “Did anyone bother to inform the public that the murder happened over twenty years ago which I was tried in absentia through some court system trial due to someone shooting me putting me out in some coma and found guilty which the judge gave me a twenty year prison sentence that I served incarcerated in various prisons and finished the sentence and now I’m a free man?”
He heard gasps sounds from the crowd as he saw Torresin look shocked by the widen eyes which he continued talking “Oh I don’t find it amusing that the Amula and Builders are threatening each other on something that happened over twenty years ago including getting very picky enough to declare war on each other. I insist that both the Amula and the Builders back off with their threatening each other and stop that behavior now it’s no longer tolerated which I insist that it stops now!”
He turned to face the crowd with the microphone in front of him and added “Well as for that Amula that died by my hands I apologize for that murder that happened. Rest assured that the Builder who pulled this voice influence stunt on me is dead and won’t be causing any more trouble which I oath to you of that.” 
He aimed his eyes at each member of the crowd seeing them flinch from him glaring at them with nervousness forming in their expressions as he added willing the Master through speaking in the Master’s voice “I order that the Amula and the Builders put aside this conflict they have towards each other and cease their threats of war on each other. This ridiculous conflict ends now! I insist period!”
He heard gasps sounds raised a hand fisting it waving it while speaking “If anyone dares to continue to pick on the Amula and the Builders into fighting each other will suffer my wrath and I mean it with my words. They’ll be punished harshly as I see fit including using whatever means to get them to get the lesson’s importance of ceasing their picky behavior so back off with that now. I mean it and I insist on it.” 
He again heard gasps from the crowd as he waved his fisted hand in front of him then turned around and walked away going into the building entering the lobby to glare at the guards in the room that were all males with Highlanders present along with some of them flashing eyes of Builder and Amula when he glared at them. 
Jinks spoke loudly “I publicity apologize for some taped incident showing me killing off a male identified as an Amula while under Builder voice order that happened over twenty years ago which I was already punished of a twenty year prison sentence as ordered by the judge after found guilty of the murder. I completed the sentence while incarcerated in various prisons and is now free. I warn you that there was no law back then that said anything about Builders voice ordering people to break the law hence the judge giving me that twenty year sentence. I was punished for the murder and expect people to accept this without complaining about it. I’m not amused to hear Amula and Builders picking on each other about this incident enough to want to declare war on each other including other species getting involved to make both races to fight each other. I insist that this pickiness ends along with the interference from other races. I will do what it takes to end this conflict including the interference and I mean it when I say this war ends now.”
He waved a hand fisting it in front of him then stormed to the elevators noticing a Highlander with fear on the male’s face pointing to one which he went inside and gave the order to the penthouse to the Highlander guard inside it. He folded his arms and glared at the closed elevator doors as the thing went up with its noises heard. He felt the elevator stop followed by doors opening and walked out to see his living room and sensed Bill at his side appearing from no where. 
Jinks glared at Bill who cleared his throat with eyes narrowed staring at him in the eyes which he willed the Master away from him followed by the butler speaking “I’ll see that a meal will be ready for you once I inform the kitchen staff to make you some nourishment so be patient it’ll take a bit before the food is ready.”
Jinks spoke as Bill stared at him “Dismissed Bill.” 
He saw the butler fade from view stormed to the gym room swinging open both doors with a bang sound and went into the room which he heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Jinks just do stretching and hold off the karate till you’ve eaten your meal which should give you the energy to do the movements.” 
He mentally spoke “Fine.” 
He went into the room and sat down doing his stretching exercises taking his time doing them and forced himself to awkwardly get up from the floor which he groaned and left the room shutting the doors and heard a meow sounding irritated which he looked down to spot Missy sitting in the hallway a meter or two away from him in his eyesight crouching with ears flat on top of her head eyes appeared to be narrowed with annoyance in them. He sighed figuring out that his clothes were giving off Highlander scents which were mixing with his scent hence Missy not inclined to be friendly with him. He shrugged and went to the dining room to sit down in a chair and sat waiting for his food to arrive which his patience was rewarded by Mrs. Dermott coming out of the kitchen carrying a tray with smells of food coming from it that made his stomach rumble. He sighed as she placed the tray in front of him then walked away which he ignored her and attacked the food finding himself terribly hungry ate it all up along with gulping down the twin cups full of strawberry milkshake then pushed the tray away from him and sighed loudly. He heard a familiar sound becoming louder and louder which he looked at the entrance to see Barry enter the room cane making noises on the floor as the Builder maneuvered it while walking. 
Jinks eyed Barry who went to a chair off his left and sat down followed by the Builder speaking “Got news regarding some Amula dubbed Ramos. He managed to get a hold of someone working in the Master Organization to take him and his group on as security detail to you doing protection. You shouldn’t worry about the Amula causing you any trouble with him and his group hanging around protecting you I assure you of that.” 
He wordlessly nodded his head as Barry gave him a familiar look which he spoke “Well you’ll get no complaints from me on that. The more people that protect me the less chance I’m harmed by foolish people thinking of doing something not nice to me.” 
He shrugged as Barry cleared his throat then the Builder continued “Interesting point care to explain this remark of foolish people?”
He exhaled a breath and spoke “I was talking about people fanatic with their worshipping me as their deity. I had experience with that a long time ago and believe me it wasn’t pleasant having that happen to me. That’s something I feel at the moment don’t want to experience again.”
He exhaled a breath through his mouth cutting off his talk and stared at Barry who spoke “Interesting.”
He formed a frown on his face as Barry continued “I’m curious about something involving you and your past back then when you ran for Mayor. Didn’t you let the fanatics have their way with you when you went around the city on foot talking to people and asking them to vote for you into the Mayor position?”
Jinks groaned softly hearing Barry’s words heard from Lance sounding in his mind “I insist you answer the question, Jinks, for I like to know the answer too myself.” 
He sighed as he saw Barry give him a familiar look in a glaring form which he spoke “Alright I admit it I didn’t acknowledge the fact that my son’s body I was living in was destroyed and I brought back to life in my original body till a certain somebody yelled at me reminding me of helping me live again. I wound up acknowledging the death of my son’s body and took it hard that it affected me enough to allow the fanatics to have their way with me. Such as allowing the fanatics to escort me around the city and touching me whenever I was in their presence meeting people asking for votes. Oh some of those fanatics were believers of another a fake vessel and tried to do away with me by getting me to some hidden location during a rain storm then attempting to stab me in the chest with a knife. Someone or somebody screamed at me which I managed to defend myself and flaunted that I was the Master then I managed to use that status to get myself back to my home with that rain storm still ongoing. That incident wasn’t the last time some fake vessel believers tried to harm me they tried some assassination stunts while I was out on the street talking to people which some people noticed them kept them from completing their deadly stunt.” 
He paused to clear his throat and felt an urge to stand up obeyed and found his arms grabbed by familiar hands as he saw he was in the High Council’s throne room and spotted a Human male with long blonde hair wearing some suit wear clothes looking in his direction that made his senses blare warning. 
He eyed the male as he heard Shad speak “You and Horus fight each other and knock each other out in the fight.” 
He saw a big frown on the male’s face sensing he didn’t agree with the High Council’s order as his arms were freed and stiffened as the scene changed to show himself back in his bedroom of the penthouse and facing him with an angry look was Kim who lowered a fisted hand uncurling it. 
Jinks stared at Kim keeping his mouth shut as she snarled sounding angry “Ditch the clothes now.” 
He heard the firmness in Kim’s voice tone obeyed stripping himself of his clothes and boots till he was naked and stood staring at her as she eyed him with a scrutiny look. He saw one of her hands raise making a turn in a circle gesture with a finger which he obeyed doing a slow circle and once facing Kim stared at her seeing her eyes remained the same. 
Jinks stiffened as a headache arrived within his head and heard Ramses’ voice speaking “Somebody figured out your fight ploy of having Horus knock out the Hunter and seeing if his powers would transfer to the Hunter like what happens to Amula whenever they knock out the Hunter. That somebody yelled it at me and warned me that the power transfer trick wouldn’t work the way you wanted. Unfortunately I have to agree with that person who yelled it to me due to scans done that indicates that the Hunter’s abilities would transfer to Horus if Horus knocks him out. It won’t work that way High Council.” 
Jinks felt annoyance hitting him as he folded his arms and narrowed his eyes as Ramses paused headache still felt followed by the Meritanian continuing “Problem is Horus has been identified as the Amula’s Lord deity referred as Lord of the Underworld and Horus matches the signs identifying that deity hence the Amula seeing him as that individual. I warn you High Council that from scanning the minds of Amula indicating that the Hunter is supposed to act like the deity’s servant giving out punishments to the Amula species on orders of the deity including giving out death too as well. I must also warn you that there’s programming in the Hunter, mind scans can’t erase no matter how powerful the mind walker is, that’ll make him serve the Lord of the Underworld dedicatedly and it won’t matter if his mind’s contents has been erased by you or not. That programming I warn you are too powerful and will override everything to cause him to serve the Lord of the Underworld period without questioning this deity and orders given.” 
Jinks felt himself getting angry fisted his hands and felt a hand patting him on the cheek as Ramses stopped talking followed by the headache stopped which he raised his eyes to stare at Kim’s annoyed ones who continued to pat his cheek. 
Jinks reached out a hand and grabbed Kim’s hand yanking it away from his cheek and glared at her as she spoke sounding annoyed “Excuse the interruption by that Meritanian but I wasn’t finished with you so let go of my hand now.” 
He growled an angry sound as he released Kim’s hand and bared his teeth with anger running through him as continued to glare at her who’s annoyance look went away followed by her expression forming a frown. 
He heard from Kim “Jinks stop it now.” 
He continued to glare at her uncurled his hands and brought his hands to her cheeks and felt her stiffened with nervous sensed as he brought his mouth shutting it to her lips and kissed her fully on the mouth sensing her kissing him back. He felt Kim’s hands touching him on the chest followed by breaking off the kiss which he removed his hands from her cheeks and went to her hips bunching up her green dress making an attempt to yank it off of her. 
He continued to glare at Kim who formed a glare on her face followed by yanking his hands off her dress and snarling “No you’re not doing that. Hit the bathroom now or I’ll dump you someplace where you’ll regret disobeying me.” 
Jinks gave out a growling sound as he felt his arms grabbed by familiar hands that were gloved and found himself in the High Council’s throne room. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Ramses you could have warned us about him not wearing any clothes. We despise seeing people like this in our presence.” 
He felt rage take hold continued to glare at the High Council growled a soft sound as he got a communication from Lance sounding in his mind “Jinks calm down will you? That guy who the High Council wanted you to fight are still in the room. The group will probably have you foot his seat due to what Ramses said about power transfer to see if it’ll happen.” 
Jinks willed himself to calm as Lance became silent to notice the familiar male nearby in the room with disgust seen on the male’s face who looked at him and the High Council back and forth. 
He kept himself silent as Onya spoke “Anyway Horus footed this male’s seat. As for you Coyote I expect you to give up resistance to being footed.”
He felt his arms freed stared at the male who spoke loudly sounding disgusted “I fail to see the point of fighting someone without clothes on.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as the male looked at the High Council as Shad spoke “I gave you a direct order Coyote so fight him now.” 
He frowned as the word Coyote to blink his eyes and found himself back in his bedroom in the penthouse facing Kim who had arms folded a glare on her face. 
Kim he stared at spoke “Hit the bathroom now.”
He heard the firmness of her tone obeyed going inside sensing her following him which he saw Kim sit down on a stool and added “Get yourself clean now. Either a bath or a shower move it and get yourself clean.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut entered the shower which the water turned on and felt himself feeling relieved to be showering by his body’s feel which he cleaned himself thoroughly with soap and shampoo then allowed the water to wash away the substances. He walked out to grab a towel and dried himself thoroughly then put the towel away and went to the sink counter to grab folded clothing that was on it appearing to be black. He felt his mood form annoyance seeing that the clothing was just black sweatpants and no top or underwear or socks or shoes underneath the sink counter. 
Jinks heard from Lance “Someone got a hold of your people and said that you like to sleep wearing sweatpants which they gave you that. Also put those on I know what Kim is up to anyway so do it.” 
Jinks put on the sweatpants then turned to face Kim who spoke “Out of the bathroom now.” 
He obeyed sensing Kim following him and stood in the middle of the room arms to the sides as he heard Kim speak “Hit the bed and snooze now.”
He felt annoyance take hold turned around to glare at Kim who still had a glare on her face. 
He snarled out “Kim-“
He heard himself interrupted by Kim loudly saying “Hit the bed and snooze or I’ll order the Meritanians to knock you out.” 
Jinks gave up a growl and went to the bed yanking the blankets back and got inside the bed and yanked the blankets up to his chest. He stared at the ceiling and saw Kim’s head come into view followed by feeling her hand on his forehead going lower and forcing his eyes shut which he dreamed of facing Lance who was glaring at the Meritanians. Jinks cleared his throat loudly and got an all black eyed glare from Lance who glared at him then resumed looking at the Meritanians. He looked at the Meritanians to see the three had heads bowed which he twisted his form to face them and sensed a light show off his right to look and saw Ajax who looked annoyed. 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Ajax spoke “Predecessor, the Meritanians have refused to admit who yelled at them about cancelling a fight between my father and some other guy referred by this gonoid named of Coyote.” 
Jinks heard from Lance “Hmph what reasons did this someone give to cancel that fight anyway?”
He continued to eye Ajax who spoke “I heard from the Meritanians was this excuse that Coyote’s abilities whatever they are would transfer to my father and not the other way around as thought by the High Council if my father knocks this Coyote down unconscious.”
Jinks formed a glare on his face folded his arms and fisted his hands as he heard from Lance “Interesting words Ajax and where is this Coyote now anyway?”
He continued to glare at Ajax who noticed his glare appeared to make a gulping motion before speaking “The Meritanians transported him out to some location and that his tracker implanted in him has been cut off with the tracker resuming on Isle Four which turns out that a Tee Dee has the tracker implanted in them that have us baffled on how that gonoid got it in the first place.” 
Jinks shifted to stare at the Meritanians sensing that they were eavesdropping on the conversation by seeing their heads up with eyes narrowed staring at him with scrutiny looks. 
He kept his mouth shut as Lance spoke “Don’t tell me this Tee Dee swallowed the tracker and got it in its stomach hence it implanted in that thing.” 
He heard from Ajax a groan followed by speaking “Actually that tracker appears to be implanted in the Tee Dee’s back inside. It’s impossible for the Tee Dees to allow someone to do such an implantation due to how hungry they are. They feed on anyone manoid dumped on that island and it doesn’t matter what species that manoid is as long as they get their nourishment.” 
Jinks heard Lance speak “You sure that someone didn’t order the Meritanians to transport to them a Tee Dee so they could put the tracker inside the thing then transport it back to the Isle?”
Jinks shifted to look at Ajax who formed a big frown on the his son’s face before his son spoke “Actually that idea was considered but rejected due to that there’s no known sleep drug capable of putting a Tee Dee down asleep to do the implantation. Also those Tee Dees are too hungry to bother cooperating with manoids for some thing like that.” 
Jinks spoke “You sure that the Tee Dees can’t be controlled by Builder voice orders?”
He stared at Ajax who spoke “Father that’s impossible due to that several Builders were transported to the Isle and fed off while they were heard giving off the voice talent ordering the Tee Dees to cease feeding which it appeared that their order didn’t work on those gonoids.” 
He heard a snicker sound from Lance shifted to look at his father who cut the snickering and the male spoke “Suppose that Tee Dee came from some where else and was dumped on that Isle with that tracker in it?”
He heard Ajax speak “No that was already thought and rejected due to that the Tee Dee implanted with the tracker has been identified as one of the gonoids living on the Isle so no that thing didn’t come from elsewhere but that island.” 
Jinks shifted to look at the Meritanians and spoke “Where did this Coyote’s tracker say he was transported to before the signal cut itself off?”
He frowned as he noticed that the Meritanians were still scrutinizing him as he heard Ajax speak “Hmph that signal was tracked to Isle number six with that gonoid known as Batty among the High Council for eating anything that moves and that includes plants moved by the wind lives. The signal was cut off after Coyote was tracked to there along with sensor devices aimed at the island losing signal and cut off for timed First One five seconds followed by resuming function and Coyote’s signal tracked to Isle number four found implanted in a Tee Dee from scans of that gonoid.”
Jinks again heard a snicker sound from Lance which he spoke out loud “Give the Tee Dees nourishment to occupy them and implant the tracker in one of them which their busy feeding and that’s how you do it.” 
Jinks heard a growling sound from Lance and heard his father speak “That won’t work Jinks. The High Council already tried that idea multiple times in their attempts to implant trackers in the Tee Dees which results in the gonoid feeding off them blocking off their attempt to do that implantation.” 
Jinks groaned out “Ugh.” 
He frowned noticing the Meritanians were still scrutinizing him that made him think that the plants were trying to tell him something which he heard Ajax spoke “Believe me father the High Council tried various trap methods including sleep drugs to get the Tee Dees implanted with trackers and none of them actually worked. The Tee Dees managed to get themselves out of the trap to feed off the person trying to implant them with a tracker along with showing resistance to sleep drugs.”
He eyed Ramses who spoke “Shouldn’t it be time for you to get from bed?”
He heard an edge in Ramses’ voice felt his eyes forced shut felt himself passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm clock blare its noises woke up lurching up in a sitting position to see Kim standing facing a Highlander both with glares on their faces. 
He eyed Kim who snarled out sounding angry “What do you mean cut off? I’m perfectly fine from the feel of me. What are you talking about my baby carrier cut to prevent another carrying? I don’t feel anything wrong with it.” 
Jinks continued to stare at Kim as the Highlander spoke “Your reaction to that news is normal for someone who’s in denial and can no longer get expecting with children through mating means.” 
Jinks swished aside the blankets as Kim snarled “You stinker! I ought to transport you someplace terrible for allowing the High Council to pull this stunt on me!”
Jinks got up from the bed as the Highlander spoke “You can get expectant through implantation but that’ll mean the male has to donate a part of himself for that to happen.” 
Jinks walked up to Kim from behind and saw her raise a fist towards the Highlander which he grabbed putting a hand on it and got her to look at him with a glare. 
He grabbed Kim’s chin and kissed her on the lips and heard Lance’s voice speaking “Her baby carrier has been altered to prevent carrying through mating means.”
He continued to kiss Kim as he heard a sound of a door open and close loudly and felt her fist connect with his stomach making him break off the kiss which he released his holds on her. 
Jinks stared at Kim who snarled “I don’t find it amusing seeing you pulling this kissy stunt on me to interfere with giving out punishment to people so quit it or else. Now get back to bed and snooze or I’ll have the Meritanians knock you out.”
Jinks sighed and saw the scene changed to show the High Council’s throne room and again felt his arms grabbed which he formed a glare on his face feeling annoyance hitting him. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Spill it Horus, admit that your people transported Coyote off our hands and hid him from us. Also your people figured out a way to implant a Tee Dee with a tracker which is impossible for us to do.”
Jinks heard from Lance sounding in his mind “The High Council are just angry and is taking it out on you.” 
He spoke “Your just angry and is taking it out on me.” 
He heard both speakers speak in unison “Ramses transport Horus to Isle number four now.” 
He felt himself freed and found himself back in his bedroom facing an angry Kim who snarled “Meritanians quit transporting Jinks when I’m trying to teach that idiot a lesson. He can’t get the lesson’s importance with you transporting him all over the place so quit it.” 
Jinks felt himself getting angry hearing Kim refer him as an idiot willed the Master through and saw her eyes shift to him from looking at the ceiling. 
He snarled “Called me an idiot did you?” 
He saw Kim’s expression turn into a grimace as he glared at her and continued talking “What am I to you hmm? So talk now.” 
He continued to glare at Kim who remained silent with a grimace forming on her face as he heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Jinks, back off now! Don’t make her regret transporting you here instead of to the Tee Dees which she’ll do that if you hurt her.” 
Jinks mentally spoke “Go to the depths father and stay out of this!”
He spoke out loud “Spill it Kim talk.”
He glared at her as she raised a hand towards him which he quickly darted forwards grabbing the hand before it could curl into a fist and kept an ironclad hold on it with his hand.
He added “No you’re not doing that. Do it to someone else instead.” 
He saw a glare form on Kim’s face as he reached out a hand and gripped her on the chin and kissed her on the lips and heard her give off a sound like she wanted to say something. 
Jinks broke off the kiss as her fist connected with his stomach which he glared at Kim who spoke “Is this the thanks I get for getting you out of the High Council’s order of having you dumped among Tee Dees?”
He kept his mouth shut willed that Master away from him and released his holds on her and walked away going to the bed to hear her add “Don’t you dare turn your back on me, Jinks. Turn around and face me now!”
He mentally spoke “Terrific, I’m controlled by a female with her threats that I can’t do a thing about it.” 
He turned around and faced Kim which she spoke “Jinks spill it now what were you thinking hmm?”
He heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Jinks cut the attitude now and answer her question.” 
Jinks heard an edge in Lance’s voice mentally spoke “Oh you blabbed what I was thinking to her didn’t you father?”
He heard nothing from Lance but Kim’s angry voice speaking “Jinks Montreal, talk what were you thinking and spill it now!”
Jinks focused on Kim who had arms folded with a glare on her face which he spoke “Why should I bother telling you when a certain somebody told you the contents which you’re trying to get confirmed from me?”
He saw Kim raise a hand followed by her speaking “Admit what you were thinking or I’ll see that you’ll regret it now.” 
He mentally spoke “I don’t find it amusing that you blabbed to her what I was thinking so quit it.” 
He heard from Lance “Just admit what you were thinking, Jinks. I know what she’s got planned for you if you don’t cooperate so admit the thought now and believe me the plans is terrible.”
He again heard an edge in Lance’s voice tone spoke out loud to Kim “Fine I was thinking of you controlling me with threats and I can’t do a thing about it such as being threatened to be transported to some place to suffer pain like the sucking from the Tee Dees.” 
He folded his arms staring at her with a frown as Kim’s expression turned more glaring followed by her speaking “Interesting thought Jinks but I don’t find it amusing and expect more from you than that thought. So think of something else and while you’re at it hit the bed and snooze now.” 
Jinks opened his mouth and heard Kim speak “Bed now!”
He heard the firmness in her voice tone unfolded his arms and turned around going to the bed which he got in and yanked the blankets to his chest and stared at the ceiling. 
He saw Kim’s face come into view followed by her hand felt on his forehead which he spoke “What’s going on with my cat Missy anyway? I don’t sense her around.” 
Jinks got in response was his eyes forced shut and dreamed of facing Lance who had an all black eyed glare and gagged him on the throat with a hand. 
Jinks gagged out “I didn’t ask to be controlled by a female with threats you supporting her-“
He felt his voice cut off as the gagging feeling was felt some more along with Lance’s hand becoming more ironclad followed by his father speaking “Don’t tell me you would rather be tortured by the High Council than that female who’ll keep you safe from harm.” 
Jinks stared at Lance who spoke “I know what Kim is doing to you and I know what her plans are for you so don’t you dare do anything to keep her from getting them to fruition. I expect you to cooperate with her orders period or you’ll be worse off than you are now.”
He mouthed “Father why can’t she just out and admit what her plans are anyway? It would get me to cooperate.” 
He stared at Lance who’s eyes narrowed before his father spoke “You forget Jinks that the High Council have spies everywhere and once they hear something that don’t go with their plans they’ll counter attack it hence people not talking very much regarding what they do towards you. So don’t forget it that the torture the High Council are doing to you is one reason why people aren’t fully explaining things to you due to the group counterattacking their plans and causing you too much trouble. Don’t forget that bit Jinks.” 
He mouthed “Fine.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut felt himself passing out unconscious only to come to hearing a ringing noise along with feeling his body held up in a standing position with familiar gloved hands holding his arms. 
Jinks felt a hand gloved patting him on the cheek along with a loud whispered familiar voice saying “Horus wake up now!” 
He recognized the voice as Anubis heard growling sounds from the Falcons followed by the gonoid head warrior speaking “I know you’re aware of us so open your eyes now!”
Jinks opened his eyes and gave up a very loud roaring noise only to feel a gloved hand cover his mouth. 
He heard Anubis speak “He’s awake now.” 
He glared at Anubis standing in front of him as the gonoid head warrior removed his hand and walked off which he saw he was in the High Council’s throne room. 
Jinks heard Shad speak “I’m controlled by a female with her threats?”
He formed a thin line with his mouth as Shad continued “That line was overheard by the Meritanians scanning a certain person’s mind whose mind is connected to your mind on a permanent basis with your thoughts heard blasting in that person’s mind mostly whenever the plants scan this person.” 
He mentally spoke “Who else knows about this mind connection anyway?”
He felt a headache and heard Ramses’ voice speaking sounding in his mind “Ah High Council that mind connection has been found out by other people.” 
He heard Shad speak “Who are they and how many people know of it?”
He frowned as a new voice spoke heard by his ears “Too many people actually.” 
He frowned recognizing the voice as Barry sounding behind him as the speakers spoke in unison “Barry what are you doing here and how did you get here? The plants were forbidden to transport you here.” 
Jinks glared at the High Council as he heard Barry’s voice speak “Oh I transported myself here. Besides High Council are you aware of ordering someone to keep records of what the Meritanians say which your enemies managed to get their hands on those records hence they knowing about this mind connection between Horus and another?”
Jinks heard “Argh!”
He heard it from both speakers as Barry continued “I warn you that those people have been manipulating Horus without fully explaining their plans to him in his face which gets him angry at them enough to cause them trouble.”
Jinks heard Barry speaking in foreign language felt sleepiness followed by passing out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feeling lips familiar kissing him while sensing himself lying in a familiar bed that felt like his in his home of the penthouse. He sensed a female body on top of him with hands touching his cheeks and she he sensed was Kim kissing him on the lips. He moved his mouth to kiss Kim back and felt annoyed when she broke it off. He opened his eyes seeing her with night vision in his eyes sight to see a frown on her face followed by feeling a hand touching his forehead gently rubbing before forcing his eyes shut. He dreamed of facing Lance who hugged him abruptly before letting go. 
He heard an ahem sound from the Meritanians followed by Ajax’s voice speaking “Impossible the High Council knocked my father out enough to fell into some can’t be waken sleep. How the depths did he survived that when other species have been known to go into can’t be wakening sleeps followed by death?”
Jinks felt himself thrust to face the Meritanians and heard Lance speak “Interesting perhaps there’s more to your father than what the High Council knows about wouldn’t that be the case hmm? Such as what did the killed off servants of the High Council threw into that cylinder tube in an effort to created him?”
Jinks heard a gasp sound from Ajax turned his head to look at his son who appeared to be staring at Lance who again spoke “There’s another trait not seen with your father before is him flaring an unusual eye color when he’s in a bad mood that matches the Hyperon’s eye color that suggests that the servants threw something related to that species in a certain tube.”
He continued to stare at Ajax who shifted eyes to look at him before continuing to stare at Lance which his son spoke “I don’t think so about that theory Predecessor. The High Council thoroughly tested Horus themselves and he’s an exact twin of my father but that eye color has been noticed which suggested something else.” 
Jinks heard from Lance “Interesting Ajax you sure that the Traveler stopped causing his annoying trouble?”
Jinks kept his mouth shut as he saw Ajax look at him with some scrutiny look before seeing his son’s eyes widen before speaking “My father’s the Traveler himself.” 
Jinks gave up a sinister laugh while smirking staring at Ajax who formed a big frown on his face before adding “Predecessor.” 
He heard the pleading in his son’s voice felt his eyes forced shut to come to finding himself standing underneath a tree eyeing Lance and Ajax facing each other. 
He heard from Lance “Ajax with your father as the Traveler there’s no chance of him doing that annoying habit of his that has been bothering you and the High Council for awhile so don’t worry about it.” 
He continued to stare at the both of them as Ajax spoke “Predecessor you better be right. The Traveler freaks me out and thanks to him and his visits I haven’t gotten a chance to sleep very much. I managed to get some sleep once the High Council alerted me of my father’s demise and hearing the Traveler screaming of pain before becoming silent and haven’t heard a peep from him which my sleep has been fine.” 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Well I doubt that your father would be able to do the Traveler’s joke method on you and the High Council. I don’t think he can do that ability anyway.”
He heard from Ajax “I hope your right Predecessor or I’m not going to be sleeping for awhile again.” 
He heard a loud voice speaking “Ugh the High Council wants Ajax up and awake for something related to catching some furball heard making noises and we can’t transport that thing due to it won’t stay still.” 
He watched as Lance forced Ajax’s eyes shut and saw his son disappear in a flash of light followed by his father looking in his direction and pointing a finger at him making a come gesture with it. 
Jinks took a step forwards and found himself next to Lance who spoke “Interesting you did it again eavesdropped on our conversation.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as he heard Ramses speaking “No that idea won’t work on Horus. Believe me I know it won’t. It already been done on Lance Richard who had the body and it didn’t work at all.”
Jinks shifted to look at Ramses who had his head bowed while the Meritanians’ sisters were making gagging motions with their hands on their throats and making choking looks on their faces. 
He frowned wondering what the Meritanians were doing as Ramses continued talking “Oh I know it won’t work because we manipulated Lance Richard to become a victim of that female and it didn’t bring him down instead brought her down in her attempts to feed off of him. Sorry think of something else anyway.” 
He heard a loud harrumph from Lance as Ramses paused followed by his father speaking “Talking about Lenna of Banara that female assassin who sucks victims to death through some opening in her chain tail’s end before stabbing them with a sword weapon that comes out of the opening.”
Jinks frowned as Lance became silent which he looked at his father who noticing him looking added “Ah the Meritanians aren’t kidding about what they said. They tried to have me become a victim of Lenna but I used the Source to outwit her touching me with her tail to suck me attempts against her.”
He heard Ramses speak as Lance paused “Actually that assassin attempt on Lance Richard we pulled wasn’t the last stunt we did using that female on him. We did using that female assassin on Lance Richard attempt several times but for some reason he managed to bring her down. She won’t go near Lance Richard despite us manipulating either her or him to get together which would get her to run away from him screaming. It’s the same reaction towards Horus after we manipulated both to get together several times when he had a body before the transfer to Lance Richard’s body which she has run away each time so think of something else anyway.”
Jinks frowned feeling himself confused spoke “Father what’s Ramses talking about? I don’t recall meeting some female with certain tail acting threatening towards me anyway or running away from me.” 
He stared at Lance who spoke “Jinks, Lenna can change her shape to female manoid forms regardless of the species which is a trick to target her victims. Anyway that targeting you were when you lived in Great Britain during my time having a body and I’m surprised that you don’t remember various females speed walking away from you whenever you went neared them while hanging around in some castle.” 
Jinks frowned staring at Lance as Ramses’ voice cut in “Ugh High Council, try something else instead of using Lenna on Horus. It won’t work.” 
Jinks shifted to look at Ramses who added “Oops forgot she hates being just called Lenna and prefers Lenna of Banara who’s awake at the moment and causing Mesen some trouble trying to feed off of him. Only Anubis and Falcons can knock her down due to that she won’t feed off those three anyway. That’s from scanning her mind at the moment.” 
Jinks heard a growling noise from Lance looked at his father who’s eyes he saw were all black and felt his eyes forced shut came too hearing a shrieking sound sounding like Kim in pain jerked open his eyes lurching up in bed to spot with night vision two Kims standing near the bed one having a hand on the throat gagging Kim who was clawing the hand with Human like hands. He got up from the bed as the Kim gagging the Kim gave off a growling noise that sounded Hyperon to him. 
He heard Lance yell in his mind “Say Lenna of Banara and make sure the voice tone is firm in a growling tone!” 
He obeyed speaking in a growling firm tone “Lenna of Banara.”
Jinks saw the Kim drop the gagging Kim who fell to the floor appearing to be unconscious with form still but sensed that she was still alive as he glared at the standing Kim. He saw her form shift to reveal a tall female with a Humanoid body wearing gonoid skin clothing along with a Human like face with eyes appearing to be Shadonian despite the night vision view, pointed Highlander ears peeking out of curly long hair and two boned like knobs jutting from her forehead above the eye areas. He saw movement above Lenna to see was a slimy chain having a large arrow above her head that he assumed was her tail. 
Jinks felt compelled to speak opened his mouth and heard an alien like voice come out speaking words in Summeran shocking him “Slovak the Tailor will have your tail for that assassin attempt on the Lord of the Underworld himself and his female so back off now.” 
He clamped his mouth once the compulsion to speak ended and stared at Lenna who gave off a loud hiss sound before disappearing in a flash of light. He quickly darted towards Kim on the floor who sat up shaking her head which he squatted putting hands on her shoulders while staring at her. 
Kim he stared at spoke “Jinks, I’m fine. She didn’t hurt me enough physically. She doesn’t target females from knowing her anyway.” 
Jinks heard the annoyance in Kim’s voice lifted Kim up from the floor while straightening his form and resumed staring at her as he let go of her.
He saw a glare form on Kim’s face as she spoke “Jinks hit the bed and get some rest now or I’ll order the Meritanians to knock you out.” 
Jinks groaned softly went to the bed and got in putting the blankets up to his chest and stared at the ceiling which he felt Kim get onto the bed and saw her face come into view followed by his eyes forced shut by a hand. He felt himself passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance who he saw was glaring at the Meritanians. 
Jinks cleared his throat which Lance looked at him speaking “The Meritanians forgot that it’s not only your mind I’m connected to but the body as well. I sensed that the Meritanians were playing a joke on the both of us to distract you from defending yourself from Lenna of Banara’s attack from the body’s senses giving out a familiar feeling whenever I’m near that female. Besides the plants forgot about Lenna of Banara’s fellow assassin Slovak the Tailor having the ability to see through males’ eyes and talking through them as well which it was him who called her off attacking you. Oh Kim is right that female assassin never targets females no matter how nasty they are to her she never assassinates them. She only targets males whenever Slovak the Tailor lets her have her way with them.”
Jinks frowned as Lance paused to give off a growling sound before adding “I personally know Slovak the Tailor on friendly terms from living in Great Britain who kept Lenna of Banara off of me after trying to use my Jacinda as bait to a trap to feed off of me several times. I’m surprised that the High Council hasn’t succeeded in capturing Slovak the Tailor like they did with the female assassin using the Meritanians’ help. Hmph wonder why he hasn’t been captured anyway.”
Jinks frowned as he heard hysterical giggling sounds from the Meritanians felt annoyance hit him along with seeing Lance’s eyes turn all black which he willed the Master through and turned to face the plants who had mirth on their faces. 
He glared at the Meritanians as he sensed a light show off his right looked to see Ajax who spoke “The Meritanians played another joke again from the sounds of them. They won’t admit what the joke is only said it’s funny and won’t explain what they meant.” 
Jinks shifted to glare at the Meritanians who continued to give off giggling sounds which he heard Lance speak “Excuse me Ajax but where did the Meritanians dump Lenna of Banara after they transported her out of Horus’s home?”
Jinks heard a snicker in Lance’s voice tone frowned as he heard Ajax speak “Actually she was tracked transported to a prison cell in the home base where she’s confirmed to be there and is currently screaming her head off at the moment that none of the guards can get near her cell due to the noises she’s making that’ll make them lose their hearing.”
Jinks heard a soft snickering sound from Lance spoke out loud “You know anything about-“
He felt his eyes forced shut interrupting his talk and felt himself passing out unconscious to come to feeling purring vibrations of a cat sitting on his front which he opened his eyes with night vision in them and shifted his eyes to stare at Missy sitting on him that gave off a soft meow sound sounding happy to him. He sensed Kim wasn’t around in the room frowned wondering where she went heard Missy give off a yowl followed by the cat off of him and off his bed which he heard a door opening sound sounding like the bathroom and looked to see Kim come out of the bathroom that paused to fold her arms seeing him up.
He stared at her as she spoke “Jinks you’re supposed to be sleeping.” 
He sighed hearing the annoyance in her voice tone adjusted his position till he was fully lying back and stared at the ceiling while sensing Kim get on the bed followed by her face coming into view and her hands forcing his eyes shut. He felt himself passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance who he saw was glaring at the Meritanians. 
He frowned clearing his throat as Lance looked at him and his father spoke “The High Council according to the Meritanians think I’m Slovak the Tailor himself due to that they haven’t been able to capture that assassin despite reports of him hanging around causing trouble in Great Britain before the flood arrived. The High Council suspected this joke is due to me having a similar ability to see through people’s eyes and talk through them regardless that their male or female something Slovak the Tailor has demonstrated to Lenna of Banara whenever he calls her off assassinating people. Oh they got this jokey idea from Lenna of Banara screaming about it in her cell along with hearing her whining about never meeting Slovak the Tailor himself in person and that she’s aware of me demonstrating a similar ability like that assassin has done to her hence they assuming this ridiculous joke.”
Jinks frowned as his senses blared abruptly making him stiffened as he stared at Lance who looked away to glare at the Meritanians. 
He spoke “You sure that Slovak the Tailor isn’t some formed of you like the Traveler is some form of me?”
He saw Lance look at him with an all black eyed glare and stiffened as he felt his eyes forced shut came to hearing the alarm clock blared its noises which he jerked open his eyes and lurched up in a sitting position to frown seeing night vision flaring in his eyes sight. He heard a familiar hiss sound off his left willed the Master through abruptly as he turned to see Lenna of Banara standing next to his bed with some glare on her face. 
Jinks felt again the compulsion to speak opened his mouth and spoke “Slovak the Tailor insists you back off targeting the Lord of the Underworld now.”
Jinks frowned hearing the alien voice sounding in Summeran as he stared at Lenna of Banara who gave off a growling sound which he felt something slimy on his back mentally ordered his body to charge of electricity and heard a yelp from the female assassin along with groaning sounds. He felt the sliminess stop followed by Lenna’s tail coming into view which her grabbing it with both hands along with continuing to glare at him while giving off a soft growling noise. 
He gave off an Hmph sound very loudly and spoke “From one fellow assassin to a fellow assassin pleasant to meet you Lenna of Banara. Go feed on someone else and leave me to my sleep now.”
He glared at Lenna of Banara who disappeared in a flash of light which he heard a loud harrumph sounding off his right looked to see Kim sitting up in bed lower her fisted right hand followed by speaking “Jinks go to sleep now.” 
He willed the Master away from him and laid his form down followed by Kim’s face coming into view and felt her force his eyes shut which he passed out unconscious to dream of facing Lance glaring at the Meritanians who he heard was giving off hysterical giggling sounds. 
Jinks spoke “Spill it what did the Meritanians do this time?”
He saw Lance look at him before his father spoke “The Meritanians led the High Council to believe that I’m Slovak the Tailor which they told Lenna of Banara of it who believed them and tried to target you which you had to make it seem that you were the assassin himself. Hmph Slovak the Tailor from what I know of him isn’t a live manoid but some entity elemental that possessive people’s bodies to do assassinations through them including preventing Lenna of Banara from killing off people him doesn’t want dead.”
Jinks frown hearing that as Lance forced his eyes shut which he came to hearing a ringing sound jerked open his eyes finding himself in the High Council’s throne room restrained by the Falcons which he glared at the group. He stiffened as pain hit his chest making him burst into tears along with confusion of a headache hitting him followed by not knowing who he was coming to mind. He felt himself freed and found himself outside facing people which he kneeled as memories came to his mind telling him who he was along with painful memories hitting him that made him clutch himself crying tears harder as he felt hands grab him lifting him up and haul him force walking to someplace that felt like an elevator from the moments till he felt the thing stop followed by rumbling vibrations and heat felt which he ignored to continue crying tears till he heard a door slid open and felt the hands on his arms held him up. He heard a voice talking but didn’t pay attention to the voice’s contents and continued to cry tears till he was again forced walked and again heard a door sliding open followed by placed on some narrow bed and a blanket on his form which he curled into a ball and continued to cry tears from the memories flashing in his mind including the painful ones he hoped to forget. He kept on crying and crying till sleepiness hit him and he shut his eyes falling asleep to dream of facing Lance who hugged him as he cried tears. He refrained from putting hands on Lance who continued to hug him then his father removed himself from him and then forced his eyes shut which he felt himself passing out unconscious only to again dream of Lance glaring at the Meritanians who were again giggling hysterically. He felt his mood better and not sadness hitting him frowned as Lance looked at him with a glare before resuming glaring at the Meritanians. 
Jinks spoke “Spill it what joke did the Meritanians play this time?”
He heard from Lance “They told the Four Horsemen a way of getting their little sister to get in an adult female body just to remove Kim from her control over them.”
He stiffened hearing Kim’s name as Lance continued “They had one of the four horsemen do the switch job which Kim is now a little deaf girl with powers yet to be formed in her and no memory of her life in an adult body while their sister has Kim’s body with her own memories intact.”
Jinks groaned hearing Lance’s words as his father continued “Oh you don’t need to worry about that mating link between you and Kim. It was destroyed when the four horsemen did the switch and I know this because the little sister kissed a male just to check on it and you didn’t give any reaction from that.”
Jinks groaned out “Great I keep losing females I take as my mate through various means.” 
He stiffened as Lance looked at him with an all black eyed glare which he frowned as his father spoke “Then get over Katherine now and you won’t lose another female.” 
He stiffened hearing his father’s voice sounding firm with anger in it and nodded his head not trusting himself to speak. 
He felt his eyes forced shut passed out unconscious came to see Lance again who spoke “Alright Jinks I’ve been trying to get word through various sources asking if you’re the Lord of the Underworld despite having signs of one and needed confirmation of it. The people I asked have been slow with their response which makes me think their checking you out before answering any questions. I heard some story related to the Lord of the Underworld is that he’s accompanied by three females dubbed Sisters of Otto whatever their purpose is hasn’t been made clear to me yet due to trying to find out and sources not forthcoming on their responses when asked about those three.” 
He frowned forming it on his lips as Lance added “The Meritanians haven’t said a peep about the Sisters of Otto or anything related to them either to me or to the High Council. I doubt that I can ask them about those three without the High Council finding out about them. Hmph.” 
He nodded his head and felt his eyes forced shut came to smelling some kind of perfume that made him think of a female wearing it jerked open his eyes to spot a female with brown wavy hair standing in the doorway appearing to be whispering to Torresin words unheard and looking like she was a prostitute due to her dress showing breasts very revealing and lot of legs with face dolled up in make up. He sensed himself filmed as he eyed her as he sat up and saw Torresin look in his direction before clearing his throat which got the female to look at him with some look that made his senses blare warning telling him that the female was up to no good. 
He got up from the bed and walked to the doorway only to be blocked by Torresin who spoke “Master Jinks this female is hear to pleasure you with what you need after having that crying bout.” 
He eyed the female and spoke “Do you have a name miss?”
He heard a haughty voice speaking “The name doesn’t matter anyway as long as I pleasure you.” 
His senses again blared warning he spoke “Honestly I don’t like your perfume and its bothering me and I prefer to do this mating in the shower without all that stuff on you.” 
He got from Torresin “Master Jinks I insist that you do the mating here in this room due to that she’s paid to do it.” 
He stiffened as he felt an urge hitting him again eyed the female and spoke “Fine whatever Torresin.” 
He went to the bed and laid down on it and heard the door shut followed by the female coming into view appearing to be baring her breasts while having the dress still on her form which he eyed finding it interesting to him but didn’t feel any inclination to remove his underwear shorts. He kept himself still and stared at the ceiling as the female yanked down his shorts stripping him of that followed by her straddling him and felt himself entering her and didn’t make any moment towards her as she rocked him followed by himself spilling inside her. 
He felt nothing towards her as she got up and disappeared in a flash of light which he spoke out loud “This better not be a High Council trick due to her transported out by Meritanians.” 
He heard the door open followed by Torresin’s voice speaking “I ordered the Meritanians to transport her out once done to a location where she’ll be handled due to being aware of the High Council trying some trick using her.” 
He sat up and stared at Torresin standing in the doorway which the male continued “The High Council sickened her onto you is an attempt to get her pregnant with your child and have her sue you in court for child support payments and embarrass you for that enough to ruin your reputation. Too bad that trick backfired due to slipping some medicine in her food and drink to prevent a baby from forming after she was transported here and made her intentions of mating with you known.”
Jinks got up from the bed as Torresin paused and then the Builder continued “Put on your shorts while you’re at it will you? Your state like that isn’t proper.”
He obeyed to put them on and then added “How did you find out about this trick?”
He glared at Torresin who spoke “Ah this trick is an old Human custom among Humans regarding females trying to get money from males well off in money.”
He walked up to Torresin who paused then continued once he stood in front of the Builder “This trick involves females showing themselves as prostitutes to males rich with money and then getting pregnant then sue them in court for child support payments at a high price tag which the judge always as usual sided with the females ordering the males to pay them money which this joke has happened every time and no one has bothered to do anything about stopping it from happening. There’s no law on it anyway and any laws has been attempted on it has been shot down in the senate Hmph.” 
Jinks spoke as Torresin paused “Supposed the High Council gave her some medicine to counterattack the medicine you gave her so she’ll get pregnant anyway?”
He frowned as Torresin’s eyes flared golden followed by the Builder speaking “That was considered and she was given more than one medicine in her food and drink just prevents a baby from forming.” 
He nodded his head and heard from Lance sounding in his mind “Ah Jinks the High Council taught her a way of eating the food and then throwing it up once done with it just to keep the food in her system due to being aware of medicine put in it. I heard the Meritanians confirm that and say that she’s in a hospital going through a pregnancy at the moment.” 
He repeated Lance’s words speaking it to Torresin who snarled out “Drat now the High Council has ruined everything. We won’t be able to counterattack that without the public seeing you in a bad light.” 
Jinks spoke recalling a memory in his mind “What do the courts say about the father demanding the mother marry him?”
He stared at Torresin who stopped flaring golden eyes followed by the Builder speaking “Hmph that hasn’t been tried before and I think it’ll counterattack the slander that female will spread flaunting the child as yours.” 
Jinks heard from Lance “Jinks, interesting idea but the female from eavesdropping on the Meritanians’ talk will fight that marriage order and seek ways of getting money from you anyway.” 
He spoke “Torresin if that female fights the marriage order then I’m demanding for custody of her child and will do what it takes to have the baby as mine to raise it.” 
He frowned as Torresin spoke “That has never been tried before but we’ll have to wait and see what happens in court and whatever stunt the High Council try to pull on getting the female to win her case due to knowing that group will do anything to get you embarrassed in public.” 
He shrugged and spoke “Well keep me updated on this Torresin and do you have clothes for me to wear?”
He frowned as Torresin looked him up and down before the Builder spoke “Come with me. I’ll get you to your home.” 
Jinks didn’t comment followed Torresin out of the cell only to feel his arms grabbed by familiar hands which he felt annoyance hitting him as he found himself in the High Council’s throne room restrained by the Falcons. Jinks formed a glare on his face glaring at the High Council as he abruptly felt calmness hitting him kept the expression on his face as he noticed Jixi nearby held by Ajax and saw the boy child was staring at him unblinkingly. 
He shifted to stare at the High Council as Shad spoke “Interesting your conversation with Torresin was recorded on recorders and will be broadcasted to the public if you make any attempt to counterattack that female’s claims of you fathering her child just to show that you’ll do anything to keep your reputation intact.”
Jinks kept his mouth shut feeling himself remain calm figured that Jixi was doing it kept the expression on his face as Onya spoke “If I were you I would pay that female to keep her mouth shut about the child she carried you fathered or else the public will take her side in this war and slander you in a bad light. This has always happened to males who fight off the females that have their children which the public always slanderous the males and ruin their reputation humiliating them so don’t fight it period.” 
Jinks kept his mouth shut as Shad spoke “Well say something Horus.” 
He spoke “What do you plan to do about certain people not believing in the female but in me and trashing her if that happens?”
He formed a thin line with his mouth as Shad spoke “What certain people are you talking about? Every time this joke happen people always believed in the female and trash the male including something called courts siding with her whenever she demands money from the male. We highly doubt that marriage and custody fight will work due to that the courts will find her fit enough to raise the child herself and you will be forced to pay her a high price sum for the child’s life. We suggest you do what she demands or else we’ll see that your reputation is trashed from that.” 
Jinks gave up hysterical laughter shocking him but hid the shock well as he laughed very hard while finding his eyes watering with tears. 
He heard both speakers speak “We don’t find it funny and its serious issue Horus.”
Jinks felt the laughing feeling gone spoke “Well fine can I go home now? I want to get some clothes and something to eat before this joke becomes known in public.” 
He formed a thin line with his mouth as the speakers spoke “Ramses put him to sleep now.” 
He felt sleepiness shut his eyes and passed out unconscious.

Jinks came to hearing the alarm clock ringing its noises which he opened his eyes lurching up to hear a yowl sound and felt Missy get on his lap to rub her face on his chin which he petted the cat then felt her off of him. He sighed and got up hearing a baby crying noise frowned when he saw a crib sitting in the room between the chairs and a thick envelope taped to it which he went to the crib to peer in. He saw a baby wrapped in a blanket wearing a cap and sensed it was a male from eyeing it who flared black eyes followed by showing Human blue eyes. He sighed putting a hand on the baby’s cap covered head and rubbed it feeling the child soothed from it and sensed him fallen asleep. He figured to himself that the baby’s noises were because of the alarm clock waking him up. Jinks removed his hand and grabbed the envelope yanking it off the crib to pull out pages appearing to be a lengthy letter which he read detailed that the woman he mated with named Deborah Johnston claimed that he fathered her baby after she woke up from her sleep which a DNA test was done and indicated that he fathered the boy child. He continued to read that the police arrived after seeing some news broadcast of Deborah and she indicating who fathered her son saying that she was wanted in California for the murder of some rich male who prior to death by shooting admitted to the police that she shot him in an attempt to get his money which he was forced to sign a document willing his money to her and then she shot him which he later died in a hospital after the cops brought him there. Jinks frowned as he continued to read that the cops found a video recording of the male threatened by Deborah by gun to sign a document followed by her shooting him in the chest and taking the document with her out of the room. He exhaled a breath as the letter continues to detail that the cops in California issued a warrant for Deborah’s arrest after the victim fingered her for the shooting and later died from it. He continued to read that Deborah slipped out of the state courtesy of using the money she inherited to charter a plane out of state which the cops in California froze her money assets and kept her accessing it and waited for word on her. He continued to read that the New York City cops have been alerted of her from the California cops seeing a national broadcast of her flaunting the baby as his and saying that he owes her child support payments for it which she was arrested immediately at the hospital and brought into lockdown and transported to California courtesy of the Builders using their voices on the Meritanians. He frowned as he continued to read the letter detailing that Deborah will be given a plea bargain from the prosecutor to have life in prison instead of put to death due to evidence overwhelming fingering her as the one who did the crime. He read the letter saying that he has been given the boy baby named Ian by Deborah due to her not able to care for it and that he fathered him as proven by DNA test. He didn’t comment came to the end of the letter and found a signature saying McBroom and associates which he put the letter back in the envelope and carried it to a dresser which he stuffed it in a drawer. He sighed and figured that he’ll go shower which he entered the bathroom. 

Jinks walked out dressed in black clothing that was a crew neck long sleeve shirt, dressy pants and sneakers on his feet. He went to Ian he figured he’ll call him and picked up the baby then took a step forwards only to feel his arms grabbed by familiar hands along with the baby snatched from his arms. 
He glared at the High Council as Shad spoke “Anubis put that thing through the gate now.” 
Jinks opened his mouth and shut it as Anubis faded from view followed by the gonoid head warrior back in view without Ian. 
He glared at the High Council as Onya spoke “Interesting trick counterattacking our trick on you. Oh we have managed to say to the public that the baby has passed away through some sickness you gave that female through mating which the doctors will find it and think you responsible due to that the sickness is fatal towards First Ones and easily passed through mating. Also we have managed to report to the public that the female didn’t have the sickness which you did have it and have been in denial about it and have publicized that First One females shouldn’t mate with you period or die from the sickness passed from you to them.” 
Jinks felt himself getting angry snarled out “You’ll do anything to keep me from having females and offspring through them hence any female I have, have been taken away courtesy of you.” 
He fisted his hands forming a glare on his face aimed at the High Council as the speakers spoke in unison “Ramses put Horus to sleep now.” 
He felt sleepiness growling an angry sound and fell unconscious. 

Jinks came to hearing the alarm blare its noises woke up feeling a sick feeling hitting him darted from the bed into the bathroom to the toilet which he threw up repeatedly then sighed once done figuring that he’ll get out of the clothes and go back to bed which he proceeded to do then once in bed dreamed of Lance looking like he had a smirk on his face. 
Jinks frowned as Lance spoke “Oops the High Council forgot that your not entirely First One and that you have some Highlander traits in you that counterattacked the sickness they tried to put in you hence you throwing up. Oh the sickness they tried to put in your body has been taken out courtesy of your Highlander traits killing it off hence the sickness regarding you throwing up. Ooh it’ll come out that you’re a hybrid of First Ones and Highlanders something the High Council made it clear to keep people’s mouths shut about it.” 
Jinks frowned hearing Lance’s words as his father added “Also it’ll come out that the High Council poisoned this Deborah with sickness and blamed you for causing it. Ah too bad it won’t do anything to make people see them in a good light due to some recording showing the High Council ordering Anubis to dump your son through the gate which there’s a recording of that too. I know your people well that they’ll broadcast that recording to the public once the High Council comes out saying their lies about you.”
Jinks groaned softly heard Ramses speaking “High Council according to sources people have fingered you as the ones who poisoned this First One named Deborah and said that you’re not taking responsibly for it due to blaming it on Horus via broadcasts of them talking about it. Oh Lance Richard had nothing to do with it. It was because people just assumed that Horus isn’t sick with the illness and that you poisoned Deborah as a sick attempt to keep Horus from taking her as his.” 
He shifted his eyes to glare at the Meritanians seeing Ramses having his head bowed while his sisters were making choking motions on each other. He glared at Ramses heard Lance give off a growling sound and felt his eyes forced shut which he came to feeling a sliminess feeling on his back in one area while lying on his side and heard shrieking sounds of pain that made him grimace from the noises hurting his ears. He felt the sliminess stop followed by the shrieking of pain stopped and heard a loud noise that sounded like a karate yell to him and heard groaning noises followed by repeated karate yells sounding in different voices along with another groaning noise heard. He frowned as the noises continued and heard a roaring sound. 
He heard an irritated voice speaking “Must you repeatedly kick me in the tail? Leave it alone!”
He recognized the voice as Lenna of Banara before hearing another groaning sound followed by a loud shriek of pain sounding like her and then she screamed out “Drat you furball for doing that! Yeow!”
Jinks frowned as he heard a click sound followed by silence and felt himself blindfolded by cloth and thrust onto his stomach which he felt hands Human like all over his back feeling him then thrust onto his back. 
Jinks spoke “Hello?”
He heard gasps sounds followed by giggling noises as the hands touched him all over his front feeling his muscular abs and went lower which he spoke “Do you mind since I’m not allowed to see you?”
He heard giggling resume as the hands again felt him all over his chest and sighed from their rubbing him which he felt sleepiness shut his eyes and passed out unconscious to dream of facing Lance looking annoyed. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “I didn’t say anything to those females that footed Lenna of Banara’s seat to blindfold you. I ordered them to keep that assassin off of you which your cat got involved and chewed her toes with her mouth. Poor Lenna of Banara is highly allergic to furballs due to seeing her get sick in the presence of one of them when Slovak the Tailor couldn’t convince her to not suck me to death. Hmph I assure you of one thing that Lenna of Banara won’t be doing any assassinating for awhile due to sucking out that sickness hitting you which will knock her down for some time.”
Jinks frowned hearing as Lance paused to glare at the Meritanians while speaking “I hope that sickness hitting Lenna of Banara will teach her a lesson on not targeting Horus despite being ordered to do it.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut passed out unconscious and came to hearing the alarm clock ringing its noises which he sighed and rolled over onto his left side and kept on sleeping which he heard a loud yowl sound followed by a familiar groaning noise along with karate yells heard. 
He felt the blindfold still covering his eyes opened his mouth and gave out a shrieking roaring noise and then sat up yelling “Lenna of Banara, cease attacking me now! This assassinating attempt stops now! Cease it and go suck on someone else instead and leave me alone now!”
He heard a click sound in response followed by feeling hands touching his arms and felt them pushing him down which he didn’t protest as he laid his form and allowed himself to sleep feeling the hands rubbing his chest. 
He sighed and passed out unconscious to dream of facing Lance who snarled out “The High Council has brainwashed Lenna of Banara to do nothing but bring you down in some assassination attempts and have made her become obsessed with doing that. I don’t find it amusing that the Meritanians are helping her do it by transporting her to your home and transporting her out where she recovers then once well gets transported to your home to attempt to kill you off which has happened repeatedly.”
He heard Ramses speak “Ah transported the Amula out of Horus’s home and now Lenna of Banara is free to do what she wants to Horus.” 
He felt his eyes forced shut came to feeling sliminess on his back along with hearing a shrieking sound of pain followed by feeling his body shaking and back arching from the shaking. He willed the Master through and felt sleepiness hitting him felt himself passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance who stared at him with a double take look. He frowned as Lance hugged him abruptly which he kept his hands to himself followed by his father releasing him. 
Jinks stared at Lance who spoke “Interesting that you’re still here despite what happened to your body by Lenna of Banara. She sucks liquid regardless of it being water or blood through the backs of males with her tail end touching them. I warn you she’s very greedy for nourishment and has been feeding off males to death which she succeeded with your body which I felt it cease function. I don’t know what happened to cause you to be here with me but I can sense that your body is in some sort of suspended state that made it appear to look dead to people. Your body is handled by your personal physician who says that you’re in some suspended sleep waiting for something to give your body the nourishment it needs to function again. Unfortunately Lenna of Banara will probably suck you to death again and keep doing it despite people’s attempts to keep you alive. Hmph I’m not pleased that the Meritanians are supporting her doing those assassinations on you by them helping her transporting her to place to place.” 
He willed the Master through and turned to glare at the Meritanians who he saw appeared to be scrutinizing him with narrowed eyed looks. 
He glared at the Meritanians and spoke “So that means I won’t be around much and that the High Council get their wish about having me put down on a permanent basis. There’s no way I can wake up from my suspended sleep thanks to people sickening Lenna of Banara on me repeatedly to keep me put down permanently. Harrumph. I’m not happy about having to say that the High Council wins this time.” 
He folded his arms and heard from Lance “Jinks that negative attitude is not appropriate around here so drop it. There’s a way of getting you to wake up which people have to find it even if it means killing off Lenna of Banara on a permanent basis just to get rid of her obsession towards putting you down permanently and remove her from doing that assassination attempts.” 
He gave up a sound of disgust as Lance paused and again noticed that the Meritanians were scrutinizing him which heard Ramses speak his familiar question heard a growling sound from Lance felt his eyes forced shut. 

He came to feeling sliminess on his back along with a shrieking sound of pain very loudly. He discovered he was doing that noises and switched to give up a loud roaring sound, feeling vibrations, all around him and felt the sliminess stop followed by himself dropping to the floor onto his stomach, which he heard a hiss and felt a cat on his back meowing in some angry tone and heard sneezing sounds. 
He mentally spoke “Missy why couldn’t you prevent Lenna of Banara from sucking me in the first place? Where were you, you furball?”
He heard hissing sound from the cat sitting on top of his back followed by sneezing sounds continuing felt sleepiness hitting him, felt himself passing out unconscious to dream of facing Lance who was glaring at the Meritanians. 
He twisted his form to glare at the Meritanians that had heads bowed and snarled out “That does it I had it with this crap done on me. It’s annoying.” 
He held up his hands palms up and felt paralysis hitting his body as he fell to the beach’s ground and landed on it to see Lance put a foot on top of his chest and bend down with eyes all black in a glare. 
Lance spoke “Is this the thanks I get for ordering the Meritanians to cease their jokes on you using Lenna of Banara which they appeared to have told her off on doing that assassination stunts on you?”
He opened his mouth and felt a gagging sensation from Lance holding up a hand fisted and mouthed his words “Sorry father but I’m very angry that the Meritanians won’t stop playing this stunt on me. It’s annoying.”
He glared at Lance who glared at him back followed by his father speaking “Well just admit that your angry at the Meritanians than sickening with your powers on them get it?”
He nodded his head and felt the gagging sensation go away followed by eyes forced shut.

Jinks came to feeling himself lying on his back with a cat sitting on top of him on the chest stomach areas and felt no purring vibrations but breathing sensations from the cat. He jerked open his eyes to hear a loud hissing sound. He saw the cat Missy sit up on her haunches facing off his right while having a paw up swatting it while hissing away. He shifted to look and saw Lenna of Banara with all black eyes, standing nearby the bed reaching a hand towards Missy who would swat at it with her paw, sprayed, showing claws sticking out. Jinks felt the Master in control held up a hand towards Lenna of Banara mentally ordering her to choke and saw her outstretched hand to go her throat as her other hand did the same. He continued to choke her as she gagged sensing her eyes shifting to look at him from his right ear itching. 
He felt compelled to speak spoke sounding like Slovak the Tailor “Your dead Lenna of Banara.”
He saw an angry look form on Lenna of Banara’s face as she moved her mouth and he lip read her words “Choking me to death won’t be enough for another will take my place and resume what I started Slovak. I’ll see that your dead permanently and will do what it takes period.” 
He spoke still sounding like Slovak “Nice try Lenna of Banara but I know you too well on what will kill you permanently.” 
He felt Missy off his lap sat up a fisted hand still aimed at Lenna of Banara as he saw a pained look form on her face saw her look down which he looked to see Missy licking her bare Human like foot and chewing on her toes back and forth. He shifted to look at Lenna of Banara in the face that formed some horror look on her face aimed at Missy followed by giving up a loud gasp sound then disappeared in a flash of light. 
He heard from Lance “Meritanians, you shouldn’t have done that transporting due to that the choking order remains no matter if the person isn’t in Horus’s presence or not.”
He got up from the bed and felt his arms grabbed by familiar gloved hands and heard choking sounds in the room which he saw Lenna of Banara kneeling on the floor bent down hands still on her throat while appearing to be gagging for air. 
He heard from Shad “Horus cease the choking order now!”
Jinks snarled out “Why when she told me that she’ll do what it takes to see me dead permanently? I’m not going to bother.”
He heard Shad echo the choking cease command order yelled out “Not until that woman ceases trying to assassinating me!”
He heard from Lance “Jinks cease the choking order now and trust me when I say that.” 
He obeyed to hear Lenna of Banara gave up a loud gasp sound and saw her appearing to be gulping air from her mouth moving as she got up from the floor straightening her form. 
He glared at the High Council as Onya spoke “Lenna of Banara please removed Horus from us permanently now.” 
Jinks glared at Lenna of Banara who stared at him with some frown look on her face before turning around and speaking loudly “Forget it I’m not doing it. I would rather be dead instead so kill me off anyway.” 
He stiffened hearing Lenna of Banara’s words frowned wondering what caused her attitude change as he eyed her shaking her head folding her arms. 
He heard Onya speak “Lenna of Banara we gave you a direct order so obey us now!”
Jinks eyed the High Council as Lenna of Banara’s voice sounded angry “No I’m not doing that assassinating. He gave me what I wanted which you haven’t bothered to do it so forget it. I’m not doing your orders.” 
Jinks heard growling sounds from the Falcons, followed by them releasing their holds on his arms and he found himself back in his bedroom, eyed the clock, seeing it was three o’clock in the afternoon. sighed and figured that he’ll get some rest which he got into bed and shut his eyes to dream of facing Lance. 
He frowned as Lance spoke “You called Lenna of Banara by the word, woman which people haven’t been acknowledging her as, enough to get her to do things including calling off doing assassinations. Remember next time she tries to hurt you call her by the word woman and she’ll back off. I suspect that she likes being called woman due to her, thinking of being a female with a chest like one, despite she having a male's body part involving Human males fully. People seeing her have that male body part have been treating her like a male expecting her to do men’s jobs from what I remember her around the time of Great Britain when I had a body-” 

Epilogue:
Nikolas was interrupted by the familiar butler, James, as heard by the Recorder, speaking "It's time for all of you to retire to your bedroom to sleep now."
Recorder heard the firmness of James's voice tone got up and managed to close her laptop and was following Nikolas to her bedroom. Nikolas as confessed once asked once, felt too pained to sleep in Jinks Montreal's original bedroom as confessed by the familiar pain of hurt hitting him to the Recorder. Hence he, by the Recorder, caught sleeping in Jinks Montreal's daughter's bedroom using the armchair to snooze in instead of lying down. Yana or Veronica Thomas as she prefers to be called, aka Recorder, was currently forbidden from using Jinks Montreal's bedroom as her bedroom by the butler insisting on that and using Builder's talents to kick her out. Dalton, Recorder assumed he was Jinks Montreal, the original, despite still denying that status, kept sleeping in Jinks' daughter's bedroom on an air mattress that kept on deflating of air out of it to become flat in the morning, didn't seem to mind that. Nikolas was heard, sighed and found Recorder, instead of sleeping like she was indicating, sat on the bed and opened her laptop computer. 
Recorder spoke "So tell me a bedtime story involving what you see of the natives of planet Earth or whatever it's called now."
Nikolas heard gave up a loud Hmph in response only to see Dalton giving a Master's glare and snarling "Just speak the story and get me bored enough to sleep! I haven't been sleeping since I was in that tube! Haven't slept very well, despite only sleeping when the twins put me down!"
Nikolas groaned as heard, indicating the Meritanians were telling a joke again, and appeared to resist to that order by shutting his eyes. Recorder got up and picked up her battery operated alarm clock and turned the alarm on ringing loudly. Nikolas in response as seen opened his eyes and spoke the story, with a concentration look on his face, indicating he was speaking, what he was seeing via the planetary world of Earth dubbed Terra.

The End?
