The Wahl House Curse

John T. Gaffield

Published by John T. Gaffield at Smashwords.com
Copyright 2011 John T. Gaffield
Third Edition – July 7, 2011

Smashwords Edition License Notes:
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your own use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the work of this author.



I

Delores Winter was sorting through some items in her sister Mildred’s house. She was gathering only the items which were meaningful to her. Her small house in Grand Haven, Michigan was already full of enough furniture and collectables. This meant that she would only be able to keep a few small mementos. She removed an old faded black and white photo of the two of them together as children from a shelf. In the photo, they were standing in front of their parent’s house in Ludington. Tears began to well up in her eyes as she clutched the photo. After closing her eyes for a moment and taking a deep breath, she opened her eyes again, and placed the photo in a box along with the other chosen items.



II

Peter Corbin arrived home from his job as a real estate agent at WHN Reality in Farmington, Michigan. It was about six thirty. His wife Sarah had arrived home earlier in the evening and had prepared a nice Friday evening meal for the two of them. As he entered the apartment, he smelled the meal that Sarah had prepared.
He said “Hi, Sarah!  It smells great in here. I had thought about going out tonight, but this’ll be much more relaxing.”
Sarah came out of the kitchen to greet him. The two embraced and kissed. She smiled and said “Hi, honey. I just wanted something special for tonight, so I made chicken parmesan, a salad, and of course you can help open the wine too.”
Peter was surprised, and he responded “Wow, did I forget a special occasion or something?”
She smiled and said “No, it’s not a special night . . . yet!”
He returned the smile and said “Sounds special to me. Can I help with anything?”
“Yeah, I’ll get you the bottle of wine to open,” she replied.
“Oh yeah, you said that before. Lead me to it,” he said as he gestured his hand in the direction of the kitchen.
When they reached the kitchen she pointed to a bottle of wine on the counter. She reached for the cork screw with her other hand and held it out in from of him.
“I’ll get to work now,” he said as he smiled as he took the cork screw from her hand. He removed the cork, while she placed the food onto the small dining table. He found two wine glasses in a cupboard above the stove and filled each with wine from the bottle. He then took the bottle to the dining table and sets it near the middle of the table. He returned to the kitchen to bring the two glasses to the table. He positioned them in near the place settings. He noticed an unlit candle in the middle of the table.
“Let me light the candle. I’ll be back in a moment,” he said as he returned to the kitchen to find a lighter. Walking back into the dining area, he tried to ignite the long lighter, but the switch seemed hard to press. While sitting at the table Sarah noticed his trouble, and commented “I think it unlocks by a slide switch on side of it.”
He sighed, and said “Thanks honey. I haven’t used this thing too much.” 
He found the switch, and after a few tries, the lighter ignited. “There we go,” he said as he held the lighter to the candle wick. The flame on the candle started out small and then grew to a full size flame. Even with the lights on in the room, the candle cast a warm feeling across the room. Peter walked a few steps to the kitchen and placed the lighter on the counter then returned to his seat at the dining table. While at the table, he took a moment to take in the aroma of the meal in front of him.
“This is really special, Sarah. I really appreciate you making this tonight,” he said.
“Thank you, Peter. I know you have been getting a bit stressed out at work, and I just wanted to do something special for you tonight. Hopefully, it will help at least a bit,” she replied.
After placed the napkin on his lap, he said “It already is helping. I’m feeling more relaxed and ready to enjoy this evening.”
He lifted up his glass of wine and held it toward her. She responded by bringing her glass to his for a toast.
“Here’s to a nice relaxing evening and a great meal,” he said as he smiled to her across the table.
“To a great evening,” she replied.
They each drank a sip of wine, and placed the glasses back on the table.
As he picked up his knife and fork, he said “I’m looking forward to trying . . .”
His cell phone rang inside his pocket.
“Damn, not now!” he said.
“Do you think you should get that?” she asked.
“Well, I don’t want to, but I suppose I should,” he said as he removed the phone from his pocket to answer it. He slid his chair out slightly from the table and shifted to his right.
“I should have turned the thing off after I got home,” he mumbled just before he answered it.
“Hi, this is Peter Corbin, WHN Reality,” he said into the receiver.
“Hello, you said you are from WHN Reality?” the woman calling asked.
“Yes, I am. Again, my name is Peter, can I help you?” he asked.
“Why yes, I just accepted a new job in the area and I’m looking for a condo. I’m out in front of one right now that really looks like something I would be interested in seeing. Your number is on the sign out in front. Would you be able to show it to me now?” she asked.
“Tell, you what. Could I arrange to meet you sometime tomorrow, and I’ll be glad to show you the condominium. What’s the address of the condominium?” he asked.
“Oh, I guess I hate to impose on you, but I have to catch my flight back to Kansas City at eight thirty tomorrow morning. So I really would like to look at it tonight if possible,” she replied.
“Please hold on a moment, I need to check with my wife,” he said as he placed the phone on mute, and turned to Sarah.
He dropped his head slightly, then looked at Sarah after sighing, and said “Honey, this woman has a plane to catch early tomorrow, and she would like to see a condominium tonight. What do you think?”
“Oh, I suppose it’ll be okay. Why don’t you see if you can at least finish dinner before you meet her?” Sarah replied.
“Oh, that’s a good idea. I will ask. Thanks honey!” he said as he removed the phone from mute.
“Thanks for holding. I should be able to meet you after I finish dinner. So how about meeting at around eight thirty tonight?” He asked.
“Sure, I can get some quick dinner myself too. I’m at the condo at 4765 Pine Tree Lane. Do you know where that it is?” She asked.
“Yes, the Pine Tree condos. I’ll meet you there at eight thirty. You have my number if anything changes. What was your name again?” he asked.
“Oh, I’m sorry. My name is Christine Hall. Thanks so much for your help. I’ll see you in a bit,” she replied.
“Okay, Christine, I’ll see you soon. Goodbye,” he said.
“Goodbye Peter,” she said.
Peter hung up the phone. He then stared at it a moment, but decided to leave it on, in case Christine needed to call back. He then returned the phone to his pocket. He turned back to face Sarah again, and pulled the chair a bit closer to the table. He sighed as he reached for his fork.
“I’m really sorry about this, Sarah. This is why I’m getting stressed out from this job,” he said.
“I know it bothers you, but I understand. It goes with the job. Thanks for holding off and saving our dinner together at least,” she said as she smiled at him.
“I really appreciate how understanding you are. That does make it easier on me. I’m glad I at least will be able to be here for dinner. Thanks for bringing up that idea,” he said as he started cutting up his chicken.
“Let’s just relax and eat your dinner now, honey,” she suggested.
“That sounds good to me. Now I can enjoy this great meal,” he said as he took a bite of the chicken.

The two of them take their time to finish dinner. Afterwards, Peter left to meet Christine to show her the condominium. He then returned to home. When he opened the apartment door, he saw that Sarah was watching some television. When she heard him enter, she turned the television off using the remote, and comes over to greet Peter.
“So how did it go?” She asked.
“Well, she was interested enough to give me a deposit for the place. So I suppose it was basically worth it. I did call the couple selling the place on my way home, and they of course are quite pleased,” he replied.
“Wow, that’s great!  I guess that’s what you need to do in order to be successful,” she commented as she embraced and gave him a kiss.
 “I know, but it still bothers me that I have to drop what I’m doing all the time to try to make a sale,” he said still embracing Sarah.
“I know that you have some problems with the pace of this job. Have you heard anything about a position in a smaller town?” She asked.
“No I haven’t had a response yet. Thanks for reminding me. I’ll ask Tom about it on Monday,” he replied.
“I mean, I really do not mind this area, but I see that it’s getting to you and I want you to be happy,” she said.
“Thanks, Sarah. You help me more than you know,” he commented.
“Would you like a quick drink before we head off to bed” She asked.
“That sounds good, Sarah. Let me find something. Do you have any preference?” He asked.
“Oh, how about making a vodka and tonic for me,” she replied.
“Okay, honey, coming up. I’ll be back in a minute,” he said.
Peter walked to the kitchen, prepared the vodka and tonic for Sarah, and another mixed drink for himself. He brought the two glasses to the living room where Sarah was patiently waiting on the couch. He handed the glass to Sarah, who smiled at him as she reached for the glass and said “Thank you.”
Peter moved to a spot next to her on the couch and sighed as he sat down. They smiled again at each other.
“Finally, I can relax now,” he said as he tipped the glass to take a sip, he then leaned his head against the back of the couch.
“Is your phone off now?” She asked.
“Oh yeah, I shut that sucker off before I got home. I’m done for tonight at least,” he replied. He then took another sip.
Sarah sipped her drink.
He asked “Is your drink taste okay?”
“Oh yes, it’s fine. Thanks again for making it,” she replied.
Each of them took a sip from their glasses. He did a prolonged exhale to try to calm down again.
“Man, I hope that Tom has some good news for me soon. This is getting a bit much,” he said.
“I just hope that being a realtor in a small town will be enough to make you happier,” she commented.
“Well, as long as it is less demanding, it has to help. Even if it means less money, I can deal with it,” he said.
“Yeah I suppose that would be okay,” Sarah commented.
“Well, it usually costs less to live in a small town, which will help too,” he added.
“Oh that’s right. It should be okay,” she agreed.
They continued to share their time together with the drinks. When they finished they went to bed.



III

Monday at the office, Peter took a break from his desk, and walked up to his boss’ office. He knocked on the open door to get Tom’s attention.
“Hey Tom, do you have a minute?” Peter asked.
“Sure Peter, what’s on your mind?” Tom replied.
Peter walked in to the office and closed the door behind him. He then turned toward Tom and asked “Well, I just wanted to ask if you have had any inquiries on my request to find a new position in a small town?”
“Peter, I have not heard anything so far from the corporate offices. I’ll send another note today to see if there is any update,” Tom replied.
Peter sighed, and said “Well, thanks for the update, Tom.”
“I know you really want this change, Peter. I definitely will do what I can to help,” Tom added.
“Thanks again for your help, Tom,” Peter said as he reopened for the door, and returned to his desk.
When Peter got back to his desk, he saw that he had already received a new phone message in the few minutes he was away from his desk. He rolled his eyes and shook his head as he sat in front of his desk. He picked up the phone, and dialed the number to hear the message.

Peter arrived home from work later that Monday. He was disappointed from the news on the transfer request. He entered the apartment, and let Sarah know he was home.
“Hey Sarah, how was your day?” He asked.
“Oh, hi Peter, it was the usual day at work. How about your day?” She asked.
“Well, I did ask Tom about the transfer options, and he said that he has not heard anything yet,” Peter said as they meet near the doorway.
“Sorry to hear that. I know that you really want the change,” Sarah responded as she tried to comfort him as they embraced.
They held each other for a moment. Sarah asked “Would you like to go out for dinner tonight?”
“Yes, that may help take my mind off things. Do you have an idea where to eat?”  He replied.
“Oh something simple would be fine with me. How about the Farmington Grill?” She asked.
He sighed and replied “That sounds good to me. Do you need to get anything before we go?”
“Let me just put my shoes on and I should be ready. I’ll be right back,” she replied.
“Sure, I’ll wait right here,” he said as she left the room to retrieve her shoes.
She returned after a minute or so and said “Okay I’m ready, let’s go.”
He opened the door and let her pass through the doorway first. After she was through the doorway, he followed her, and closed the door behind him.



IV

Back at work at Tuesday, he was on the phone talking with Christine Hall about the condominium she looked at the previous Friday. She was following up on the details to purchase the unit.
“Yes, I have the financing arranged. I did that yesterday with my bank. I believe there are local branches in Farmington too,” she continued.
“Well, that sounds good Christine. We should be able to get through the closing details next Tuesday when you are back in town,” he agreed. He noticed Tom coming out of his office and walking toward his desk.
“Thank you so much, Peter. I’ll see you next Tuesday. You have my number if you need to reach me in the meantime,” she said.
“Yes, I do have the number. See you Tuesday. Okay, goodbye Christine,” he replied.
“Goodbye Peter,” she said.
As he set the phone receiver down, he saw Tom standing in front of his desk. 
Peter stated “I just worked on the details to close on that Pine Tree condominium.”
Tom smiled at him and said “Sounds great Peter. I have something that may even make this day even better for you.”
Peter was a bit surprised, and turned his head slightly to the left as he asked “What’s up, Tom?”
“Well, the corporate office just notified me that they have an opening in Wharton, Michigan. I told them you might be interested, and they’ll hold it until you decide.”
Peter’s jaw opened, and he stared for a moment. 
“You said this is in Wharton, Michigan?” Peter asked.
“That’s where it is. Though, I didn’t know where it was until I looked it up,” Tom replied.
“Well, I haven’t heard of it either. What did you find out about it?  Oh, you can sit down there too,” Peter offered as he gestured with his hand.
As Tom was taking one of the two seats in front of Peter’s desk, he started “Well, Wharton is between Jackson and Lansing, Michigan. It sounds like a nice small town with about two thousand people or so. The WHN office is downtown on Main Street. There are many old Victorian style houses along with some newer construction.”
“Wow that sounds really nice. How should I follow up on this?” Peter asked.
“Well, here is some information on the office, including phone numbers. Why don’t you give them a call soon and arrange a time to visit. After that you can decide whether you want to transfer or not,” Tom replied as he handed Peter a folded sheet of paper that he had been holding in his hand. Peter took the paper and opened it. It was a printed e-mail that Tom received from the Wharton office. It included a small map to the office, and some names, phone numbers, and e-mail addresses. 
“Well at least they have e-mail in this town,” Peter commented.
Tom lets out a short laugh, and said “Yes they do. Oh, Carl Bishop will be the person you will need to contact to arrange when to visit and that kind of thing.
“Okay, I see his name listed on here with his phone and e-mail,” Peter replied.
“Just give him a call and then let me know when you will be gone to visit and of course let me know about your decision on the transfer as well,” Tom said.
“Okay, I will do that. Thanks so much for your help in finding this, Tom,” Peter commented.
“No problem, Peter. Good luck with it,” Tom said as he stood up to returned to his office.
Peter looked at the phone number on the paper, and picked up his phone to dial the number. He paused a moment, and thought to call Sarah first. He dialed her cell phone number. He could hear the line ringing on the other end. 
Sarah answered the phone, and said “Hey honey, what’s up?”
“Hey Sarah, I just talked to Tom . . .” he said, but is interrupted.
“You mean your boss?” She asked.
“Yes, my boss. Anyway, he said that they have an opening in a small town called Wharton, Michigan,” he tells her.
“Really, what was the town again?” She asked.
“It’s Wharton, Michigan,” he replied.
“I’ve never heard of it. Where the hell is it?” She asked.
“Tom said that it’s a between Jackson and Lansing. You sound a bit surprised with this. Are you okay?” He asked.
“Yes, I’m okay with it, but I’m just trying to figure out where we may be moving,” she said.
“Well, I haven’t called about an interview yet, but I plan to do that right after I talk with you now. Maybe you could come with me when I visit and check the town out while I talk with my new boss. Well, potential new boss,” he offers.
“Hey maybe that would be a good idea. Could you try to make it this Friday?  I should be able to find someone to fill in for me then, so that I’d be able to go too,” she replied.
“Okay, I will see if I can arrange to visit there on Friday. Thanks honey. I’ll see you tonight!” He said.
“See you tonight. Goodbye,” she said.
“Goodbye honey,” he said as he hung up the phone.
He looked at the e-mail from Tom again to note the phone number for Carl in Wharton.
Again, he picked up the phone. He dialed Carl’s number, and waited as it rang a few times.
“Hello, WHN Realty, this is Carl. How may I help you?” Carl asked.
“Hi Carl, this is Peter Corbin. My supervisor, Tom Westhoff said that you are interested in having me transfer from the Farmington WHN office to the one in Wharton,” Peter said.
“Oh hello Peter, thanks for contacting me so quickly. One of my agents recently moved out of town, and I requested help from the corporate office to get a replacement,” Carl replied.
“Anyway Carl, I am interested in the position, and I would like to visit some time soon to see if this is what I’m looking for,” Peter said.
“Well, one thing about this office is that things move at a slower pace around here, and you likely will not have the commissions you are used to,” Carl commented.
“Oh I have considered that and it’s fine with me. I requested to be transferred to a small town. I grew up in one, and the pace in the bigger cities is a bit much for me,” Peter replied.
“Grew up in a small town, huh? Then you may actually be okay here. Tell you what, let’s work out a time for you to visit, and then we can take things from there,” Carl said.
“I was actually thinking of visiting this Friday, if that would work for you,” Peter suggested.
“Let’s see here a moment,” Carl said as he paused, likely to check his calendar.
“Yeah, Friday will work for me. How about if you show up around eleven and I can take you out for lunch first. We can discuss more details back at the office afterwards. ” Carl offered.
“Wow, that sounds great, Carl. I will be there at eleven. Oh, would it be okay if I brought my wife along on Friday? I can chip in for her lunch.” Peter asked.
“Sure please bring her along, if she is available. Don’t worry about paying for her lunch though,” Carl replied.
Okay Carl, I’ll see if my wife can come along on Friday, so that she can see the town too,” Peter replied.
“For now, I just assume it will be the two of you. If not, just let me know before Friday. Why don’t the two of you plan on meeting me at the office at eleven, then we can go to lunch. Maybe she can walk around the town after lunch while we go over the job information,” Carl suggested.
“Hey, that would be great, Carl. I’ll see you on Friday at eleven. Oh, by the way, my wife’s name is Sarah,” Peter replied.
“Sarah. Thanks for letting me know. Do you know how to get here?” Carl asked.
“Yes, the map on the e-mail that you sent to Tom looks good enough for me to find the office,” Peter replied.
 “Well, then I’ll see you this Friday Peter. Take care until then,” Carl said.
“Okay, goodbye Carl,” Peter said as he hung up the phone.
Peter wrote the time on the Friday block on his desk pad calendar. He tapped his pen a few times and put it back on the desk as he got up from his chair. He made his way to Tom’s office across the room. He approached the open door to Tom’s office, and saw that Tom was sorting through some documents on his desk. He knocked on the open door and said “Hey Tom.” After Tom looked up at Peter, he continued “I called Carl at the Wharton office, and arranged to visit there on Friday. Is that okay with you?”
“Sure Peter, just make sure your showings are scheduled on other days or just find someone else to cover for you,” Tom reminded him.
“Yeah, so far I don’t have any appointments that I would need to switch, so I should be okay. Thanks Tom,” he said.
“Just let me know what you think of the place, and whether you want to make the switch,” Tom said.
“I sure will. Thanks again,” Peter said as he tapped the door with his fingers, and then turned to return to his desk. He walked back to his desk and thought for a moment about what to do next. He remembered Sarah. He picked up the phone, and dialed her cell phone number again. He listened as it rang. 
“What’s up?” She asked.
“It’s me. Just giving you a quick call, since I scheduled the Wharton visit for this Friday. So I wanted to let you know, so you can ask for the day off,” he said.
“Oh, so you did work it out for this Friday?  I’ll let Tara know, so I can go with you,” she replied.
“Okay, thanks Sarah. I’ll see you tonight,” he said.
“See you, tonight. Goodbye,” she replied.
“Goodbye,” he said as he hung up the phone.
He then checked his calendar and saw that he had a showing coming up within a half an hour at a house a few miles away. He checked one of his file drawers, found the file on the house, and pulled it out of the cabinet. He then checked his pocket for his keys. With the file in hand, he headed to his car in the lot behind the office to drive to the house.



V

Later that evening, he arrived home and opened the door to their apartment. 
“Sarah, are you home?” He asked.
“Yes, I’m here at the dining table,” she replied.
“Oh, there you are,” he said as he turned toward the dining table.
“What are you looking at?” He asked after noticed she was looking at something at the table.
“Well, I found a map and a Michigan tour book. I’m looking at them to find out where Wharton is and more about the town,” she replied.
“Really, what have you found out about it so far?” He said as he approached her at the dining table. There was an open map and a tour book in front of her.
She pointed to an area on the map north of Jackson, and said “This is where the town is, just like you said it would be. We should be able to take ninety six over to this exit, go south a ways, and it’s to the east on this road here. It looks like it will eventually get us to Wharton.”
“Okay, that sounds easy enough. What did you find out about the town itself?” He asked as he took a seat at the table next to Sarah.
She picked up the tour book, opened it to a page marked with a card, and said “Let’s see. There are about 2000 people in the town, so it isn’t too tiny at least. It was settled in 1842. The Chilton River passes through the center of town, too.”
“A river going through the town, huh? That should be nice,” he commented.
“Many of the older houses were built in the Victorian style. There are several newer houses in the town as well,” she continued.
“Well, it will definitely be worth checking it out,” he replied.
“Yeah, we’ll have to see what it is like,” she commented, but with less enthusiasm than he was expecting.
“Are you still okay with this, Sarah?” He asked.
“Yes, I’ll be fine. I know you need the change and I want you to be happy with your job,” she replied.
“Well, I want you to be happy too,” he said.
“Like I said, I will be fine. Did you get a local map to know where to go for the realty office?” She said trying to change the subject.
“Uh, yes I did. I have the map that Carl Bishop e-mailed me. He’ll be my new boss. It has a map and other contact information,” he replied.
“Oh that’s good. I’ll see if I can think of anything I’ll need to take with me Friday,” she said.
“Yeah, I have to think of things that I’ll need to take as well,” he said.
“What did you want to do for dinner tonight?” He asked.
“Oh, I thawed out some burgers. So do you think you could get the grill going on the balcony?” She asked.
“Hey, that sounds good. I’ll get the fire started,” he replied as he got up from the table.
“I’ll get the buns and other stuff ready,” she offered as she stood up from the table too.
“Thanks, Sarah,” he said as he unlocked the sliding glass door to the balcony. He removed the cover off of the grill. He then opened a plastic box, and removed a bag of charcoal.



VI

Friday morning was a nice sunny day in August with only a few clouds scattered across the sky. Peter and Sarah finished putting a few items into their car for the trip to Wharton. As they stood outside of the open car doors ready to get in, Peter asked “Can you think of anything else to take with us?”
“No, we are just going there for the day. So there really isn’t too much to forget. As long as we have our credit cards we should be okay,” she replied as she opened the passenger door to get into the car.
“Okay, let’s get going. Morning rush hour should be over now, so the traffic shouldn’t be too bad,” he said he opened his door as well.
They got into the car, and he started it up. He backed the sedan out of the apartment carport and pulled the car onto the street. After driving on a few city streets, they made it to the highway and headed west towards Lansing.
“At least it’s a nice day out today, so I won’t have to check the place out in the rain,” she said.
“Yes, I agree about it being nice. I picture Wharton being a pleasant little town to walk around. So you should be fine while I’m meeting with Carl,” he replied.
“Hopefully, it’ll be enough to keep me occupied for during your meeting,” she said.
“Oh, there should be several shops downtown that you can check out, and maybe a park or something too,” he added, since he was a bit concerned that she didn’t seem to share his excitement for Wharton.
“Okay, I’ll look at this with an open mind. It should be fine,” she replied.
“Do you want to put on the radio or something?” She asked wanting to change the subject.
“Sure, this trip will take an hour or so. So we might as well relax a bit and enjoy the ride,” he said as he pushed the button to turn on the radio. The pre-set station still had a good signal, so he just leaves it there.
“Is this station okay with you? He asked.
“Yes, it’s fine. Thanks sweetie,” she said as she gazed out the side window as they pass by buildings, which were getting fewer, and more trees and open areas appeared.

Later, they were on a smaller highway heading south. 
“Is this our road coming up here?” Sarah asked.
Peter looked at the sign they were approaching, and when he was able to read it, he said “Yeah, this is the road to Wharton.
He turned the car left at the crossroad, and continued for just a few miles before they passed another sign stating “Welcome to Wharton.”
“Okay, now I just need to find Main Street and the WHN office,” he said as he scans signs looking for Main Street.
She looks at a street sign as they pass by it, and said “It looks like this is Main Street.”
“Oh, that was easy,” he said.
“That looks the downtown area up ahead. Let me know if you see a WHN sign,” he replied.
“It’s blue, right,” she asked.
“That’s correct,” he said.
“Well, this town does look nice and peaceful at least,” she commented as they continued driving down Main Street.
“Hey, there it is on the left, WHN Realty. It looks like there is some parking at the side of the building too,” she noticed.
He turned the car left into the lot of the relatively small two story brick office building, which was possibly an old store at one time. The building looked old, but well maintained. He parked in the small lot along the side, and they got out of the car. He stretched his arms a bit.
“Are you ready to go in? He asked.
“Oh, that’s right we are going to lunch first,” she remembered as she started toward the building.
The two of them walked around to the front of the building. They passed the large plate glass window, which had the WHN sign in it as well as some advertisements for some local houses for sale. He pushed the door open, and there was a set of bells that rang from the movement of the door to announce their entrance. As they stepped into the office, their eyes had to adjust to the change in brightness, since the interior lights could not match the brilliant sun outside. They could see someone standing up from one of four oak desks facing the front of the building. Looking closer they realized it was a man, probably in his late forties. He was wearing a tie and a button down blue shirt. He walked toward them and asked “I’m guessing you are Peter and Sarah?”
“Why yes, and you must be Carl?” Peter replied as he extended his hand.
“That’s me. I’ve been looking forward to meeting you. I had an agent move away about a month ago, and I could use some experienced help around here,” Carl replied shaking Peter’s hand.
“Well, hopefully this will work out for everyone. I just feel more at ease in smaller towns,” Peter commented.
“And what do you think of Wharton so far Sarah?” Carl asked.
“Actually as we were driving into town, I mentioned to Peter that this seems like a nice and peaceful town,” Sarah replied.
“Did you grow up in a small town as well, Sarah?” Carl asked her.
“Actually, I grew up in Royal Oak, Michigan. So I’m not really from a small town, but so far this does seem like a very nice place,” Sarah replied.
“Well are you two hungry?” Carl asked.
The looked at each other, and then back at Carl. Peter replied “Yes, we’re ready for lunch.”  Sarah nods her head as he replied.
“Do you have a place in mind?” Peter asked.
“Sure do. I though we would go to the Chilton River Inn. It is one of the nicer restaurants around here,” Carl offered.
“Well, that sounds quite good to me. How about you Sarah?”
“That would be fine with me, too. Let’s go,” she said.
“You should probably keep this place in mind, Peter, if you need to wine and dine potential clients, you know,” Carl said as he used his hands to gesture Peter and Sarah toward the front door.
“We can either take my car, or we can walk. It really isn’t too far, even for an out of shape guy like me. That’s one of the nice things about being in a small town,” Carl reminds them.
“Sarah, are you okay with walking?  It is a nice day, and we can see some more of the town,” Peter asked as the approach the front door.
“It is nice out. Let’s go for a walk,” she replied.
Carl pulled the door open and the bells rang again. He held the door open for Sarah and Peter allowing them to walk back out onto the sidewalk. Before he shut the door, he rotated the OPEN sign to show CLOSED on the door. He then shuts the door, and removed his keys from his pocket to lock the door, while Peter and Sarah waited behind him.
Carl pointed east down Main Street, and said “The restaurant is down this way.”
“Is it on Main Street, Carl?” Sarah asked.
“No, it is about a block off of Main Street on Third Avenue,” Carl replied as they began walking on sidewalk along Main Street.
Peter and Sarah look at the businesses and homes along the way as they continue to walk. 
“It looks like many of the houses have been around for a while,” Peter commented.
“Yes, the town was settled in the mid-eighteen hundreds, and many of the Victorian style houses are from that era into the early nineteen hundreds. There are newer houses built further from the center of town, and a few to replace ones that couldn’t be saved,” Carl replied.
They walked about two blocks east on Main Street and reached Third Avenue.
“Okay, we go north here,” Carl said as he pointed north.
They continued along on the Third Avenue sidewalk. Ahead of them they could see a bridge.
“Is that the Chilton River up ahead?” Peter asked.
“Yes, and that is the Chilton River Inn on the left and on the far side of the river,” Carl replied.
“Oh, I see it. The trees obscure it a bit, but it does look nice. Hey, it has a deck too,” Sarah noticed.
“It doesn’t look too crowded yet, so we should be able to get a table on the deck, if you would like,” Carl offered.
“I would enjoy that, Carl,” Sarah replied.
They reached the bridge and walked along the raised sidewalk on the left side. Below them, they could see the river passing underneath. The river was about twenty feet below them, and about thirty five feet wide that time of year. On the other side of the bridge they walked around to the front door of the inn. Carl opened the front door and held it while Sarah and Peter passed through into the restaurant. Carl followed and released the door. They approach the stand where the hostess was waiting. 
She asked “Hi Carl. Will it just be the three of you today?”
“Yes Judy, just three of us,” Carl replied.
“Okay, let me get the menus. Would you like to sit on the deck?” Judy asked.
“Hey, I didn’t even have to ask today. Yes we would. Thank you, Judy,” Carl replied.
“Just follow me,” Judy said as she began leading the three of them to their table on the deck.
They followed Judy through the inside portion of the restaurant, toward a pair of screen doors. One door opened outward and the other inward. The glass exterior doors were propped out of the way. She pushed the right door open and held it for the three to pass by onto the deck.
“Thank you, Judy,” Carl said as he proceeded onto the deck.
She then led them to a round table near the railing with four chairs around it under an umbrella in the center. She placed the menus in front of each setting, and then said “Steve will be your waiter today. He should be here in a minute. Enjoy your lunch.”
“Oh, we will. Thanks again Judy,” Carl said as he and the others took their seats around the table.
They each picked up the menus and began reading. There was a very slight breeze helping to make the temperature comfortable.
“This is very nice choice for lunch, Carl. Do you have any recommendations?” Sarah asked.
“Well, I’m sure everything is good here, but if I had to choose something for lunch it would probably be the Baked Pickerel. It has a very nice blend of spices that make it pretty much melt in your mouth,” Carl replied.
“Wow that sounds delicious. I think I’ll try that,” Sarah said.
“It sounds good to me as well. I’ll have to give it a try, too,” Peter added.
“Well, that should make the order easy at least,” Carl said.
They each set down the menus to alert the waiter that they were ready.
Steve, the waiter, approached their table and said “Good morning Carl. Who are your guests today?”
“Hello Steve. This is Peter and Sarah Corbin. Peter is thinking of moving here to join me in the real estate office.”
“Hello Peter and Sarah. I hope that you’ll enjoy your visit enough to move here. Carl would be a great person to work with,” Steve said to greet them.
“Why thank you Steve. You must be buttering me up for a big tip,” Carl replied with a smile.
“Okay, so you could see through that. Well, can I at least get you started with something to drink?” Steve asked.
“Sure Steve, I’ll have my usual martini. Peter and Sarah, I highly recommend the martinis here. They are quite smooth,” Carl suggests.
“Well, I have not really tried martinis that often, but I suppose I could give one a try. How about you Sarah?” Peter asked.
“Oh, I think I will have to pass for now. I’m just not ready for something that strong yet. I think I will have a glass of Zinfandel instead?” Sarah replied.
“Okay, two martinis and one Zinfandel,” he said as he wrote on his pad.
“Oh, I think we are ready to order too, Steve,” Carl said.
“Sure, who would like to start?” Steve asked as he held his pen ready to record the orders.
“Well, I think I convinced them to get the baked pickerel. So to make it easy just put an order in for three baked pickerel specials,” Carl replied.
“Okay, that will make it easy. Ma’am would you like mashed or baked potato with your pickerel?” Steve asked after turning toward Sarah.
“Baked will be fine me. Just have the margarine on the side,” she replied.
“Would you like a Caesar or house salad?” Steve asked.
“I’ll have the house salad with vinaigrette dressing,” Sarah replied.
“Okay, thank you. What will type of potato would you like sir?” Steve asked Peter.
“I’ll have a baked potato, with sour cream on the side, and a house salad with Ranch dressing,” Peter replied.
“Okay, thank you. And what type of potato Carl?” Steve asked.
“I try the mashed potatoes, and I’ll skip the salad for today,” Carl replied.
“Okay thank you. I’ll put your order in and I’ll bring you the drinks right away. Here let me take your menus,” Steve said as he took each of their menus and started to head back through the screen door back into the restaurant.
Sarah and Peter gazed over the side of the railing at the river below, which was flowing by at a lazy pace. The midday sun glistened off the gentle ripples in the river.
“Wow, this is relaxing. Thanks again for bringing us here Carl,” Sarah commented.
“Like I said, this is a nice place for making a good impression on out of town guests,” Carl replied.
“Good point, I’ll have to remember that for my clients,” Peter replied.
“So you are taking the transfer here very seriously then?” Carl asked.
“Yes, I am. I feel comfortable here already. The job in Farmington allows me to make good commissions, but I just get stressed out with the pace of it sometimes. I don’t seem to have enough time for myself. You know, people calling in the evening all the time,” Peter replied.
“Well, you do realize the sales volume here will be a fair amount less than in Farmington Peter?” Carl asked.
“That’s fine with me. As long as I can make enough to be comfortable, I will be fine,” Peter replied.
“I plan on looking for a job here as well,” Sarah adds.
“What type of job would you be interested in Sarah?” Carl asked.
“Oh, I have experience in retail management now. I do have a degree in economics from Eastern Michigan too,” Sarah replied.
“Well, I do have plenty of contacts in town. If you do end up here, I can make a few calls and see if I can help find you something,” Carl offers.
“Wow, that would be very nice and helpful, Carl. I am starting to like this place as well,” Sarah replied.
Steve approached their table with a tray full of drinks. He set the tray on the edge of the table and distributed the drinks.
“Here’s your Zinfandel, ma’am,” Steve said as he set the wine glass in front of Sarah.
“Here’s your martini, sir,” he said as he placed the martini in front of Peter.
“Thank you,” Peter said.
“And here is you martini, Carl,” he said as he put the other martini in front of Carl.
“Thank you, Steve,” Carl said.
“I’ll leave a basket of some fresh bread too,” Steve said as he laid a basket in the middle of the table.
“I’ll be back soon with your salads, and the pickerel will be out later,” Steve said as he turned and went back inside of the restaurant with the tray.
Peter took a sip of his martini and said “Hey, this does taste smooth. Thanks for the recommendation, Carl.”
“I thought you would appreciate it,” Carl said.
Sarah took a sip of wine and tilted her head back to stretch her neck.
“If we do move here, are there some apartments we could rent in the area?” Peter asked before he took another sip of his martini.
“Let’s see, there are a few small apartment complexes in town. I take it you live in an apartment now?” Carl asked as he took a sip of his martini.
“Yes, we have a single bedroom apartment in Farmington,” Peter replied.
“First, one thing I have to ask is if you think you are ready to buy a house, instead of renting another apartment,” Cark asked.
Peter looked at Sarah, and replied, “Well, I suppose it’s something we could consider, if it was the right house and within our budget. We have managed to save some money for a down payment.”
“That’s very good. Maybe we could review a couple listings after lunch here. No rush or anything, but we should be able to find something better than an apartment,” Carl offered.
“That actually sounds like a good idea, Carl,” Peter said as he looked toward Sarah for concurrence. He then continued “We will do that after lunch.”
“Okay, that will be great. Oh it looks like your salads are coming now,” Carl said as Steve approached the table with two salads on a tray. Standing alongside the table, he placed the first one in front of Sarah, and the next in front of Peter.
“Did you need anything, Carl?” Steve asked.
“No, I’m all set, Steve. I’ll just have some bread and enjoy the martini for now. Thank you,” Carl said.
“Sure Carl, I’ll return in a bit with your lunches in a few minutes,” Steve said before he went back inside of the restaurant.
“Thanks,” Both Carl and Peter reply at the same time.



VII

“I would like to check out some of the local shops this afternoon sometime as well as looking for a possible house,” Sarah said as she picked up her fork to begin eating her salad.
 “Well, how about Peter and I meeting at the office first after lunch. Then when you are finished looking at the shops, you can stop by and we’ll look at the house listings?” Carl suggested as he reached for a slice of bread.
“That would be fine with me. How about you Peter?” Sarah asked.
“Sure, Carl and I can go over the job details first and you can get to know the town a little better,” Peter replied as he prepared to eat his salad.
After Sarah took a bit of her salad and finishes chewing she said “The salad is very fresh.”
“Mine tastes very good too,” Peter adds.
“Well, just enjoy your meal you two. We are not on a schedule for this afternoon,” Carl reminded them as he used a knife to add some butter to his slice of bread.
They each continued eating their salad or bread.

After each of them finished with their meal, Steve had removed a few empty plates, and left the bill on the table. He returned inside with the tray of dishes.
“I’ll get this,” Carl said as he took the bill from the edge of the table. He opened up the folding holder and set it in front of him. He retrieved his wallet from his back pocket. He removed a credit card, placed it in the bill holder, and placed it near the edge of the table.
“Well, how was your meal?” Carl asked.
“The pickerel was excellent. I will have to try that again sometime,” Peter replied.
“Yes, it was very good, and as you said, it seemed to melt in my mouth,” Sarah added.
“I’m glad you liked it, though it was a pretty safe bet,” Carl said.
“Did you like the martini Peter?” Carl asked.
“Yes I did like it, Carl. Thanks for recommending it, though I’m glad I just had one for now. I think it would affect how much I remember when I meet with you this afternoon,” Peter replied.
“Ha, don’t worry I won’t be giving you any big test or anything,” Carl said with a smile.
“That’s a relief,” Peter said while smiling.
Steve returned to their table, removed the bill holder, and said “I’ll be back it a minute with your card and the receipt, Carl”
“Thanks, Steve,” Carl replied as Steve took the bill into the restaurant.
“Well, hopefully you two got enough to eat,” Carl said.
“Oh, I likely will not need a big dinner tonight. Thanks so much Carl,” Peter replied.
“Same for me too, I’m stuffed,” Sarah added.
Steve returned to the table with the bill folder. He placed it on the edge of the table by Carl, and said “Here you go Carl, as usual, just sign the top copy and you can keep the other copies,” he turned to Peter and Sarah, and said “I hope you two enjoy your visit in Wharton and that I will see you in here again.”
“You very likely will see us again soon. Thank you,” Peter replied.
“Well, alright you take care,” Steve said as he turns and again returned to the restaurant.
Carl took a moment to fill out the credit card receipt and sign it. He returned his credit card to his wallet retained his copy of the bill and stuffed it into a front pocket.
Carl then asked “Are you ready to head back now?”
“I’m ready. Are you ready to go exploring sweetie?” Peter asked.
“Sure, let’s go,” Sarah replied as she started to get up from the table along with the others.
They walked toward the door which lead back inside the restaurant. Carl reached the door first, and held it for Sarah and Peter. They passed through into the main part of the restaurant, and continued through the front door to the outside. While walking around the building toward the bridge Carl said “Let’s head back to Main Street. I’ll point out where you can go to check out some of the local shops, Sarah.”
“Okay, just point me in the general direction and I should be fine,” Sarah replied as they begin crossing the bridge on the way to Main Street.
When they three of them reach Main Street, Carl stopped, and informed Sarah “Well Sarah, there are several nice stores on both sides of this street. There’s a nice woman’s clothing store on the other side about a block down as well as some other specialty stores.”
“I guess I’ll head across the street then. When do you and Peter expect to be done at the office?” Sarah asked.
“Oh, it should take us an hour or so, but just take your time and enjoy the town,” Carl replied.
“Okay, I’ll see you two in an hour or so back at the real estate office,” Sarah said.
“Take care Sweetie, I’ll see you later,” Peter said, as Sarah began turning to cross the street.
“Well Peter, lets head to the office so we can go over more details about this position,” Carl said as he extended his hand to point down the street toward the office. They started making their way to the office.
When they reached the office, Carl opened the door. As before, the bell rang as it opened into the room. Carl held the door for Peter. As soon as Peter entered the office he noticed a woman sitting at one of the desks. Peter estimated that she could be in her early fifties or so, though he would admit that he was a poor judge of age. She looked up from her desk and smiled. She then said “You must be Peter Corbin, I’m Phyllis Carleton. Carl said that you would be visiting this afternoon.”
“Yes, I am Peter. It’s Nice to meet you, Phyllis,” Peter said as he approached Phyllis’ desk.
“I must have missed you earlier, since I was out earlier showing a house,” Phyllis added.
“Sorry about that Peter, I did forget to mention that Phyllis works in the office with me too. That’s it for realtors, though. It is just us two now, unless you see fit to join us too,” Carl responded.
“You forgot about me, huh?” Phyllis replied smiling wryly at Carl.
“Oh, I couldn’t forget about you, Phyllis. I just wanted to break it to him gently,” Carl replied as he returned a smile back toward Phyllis.
“Okay, smartass.  Hopefully, he will treat me with some respect to make up for it,” Phyllis replied.
“I will try Phyllis,” Peter offered with a slight smile.
“Okay Peter, let’s go sit down at my desk before we get in any more trouble,” Carl suggested.
“Sure. Again, it’s been nice meeting you, Phyllis,” Peter commented.
Peter and Carl walked over to Carl’s desk. Carl sat behind the desk and Peter used one of the two chairs in front of it. Carl found a folder on his desk and opened it. He removed the transfer form that Peter had filled out several months ago.
“Okay Peter, lets review this information,” Carl said as he quickly scanned the form.
“It said here that you have been with WHS in Farmington for about three years now,” Carl continued.
“Yes, that is correct,” Peter replied.
“And the main reason for your wanting to transfer is to move to a smaller town,” Carl said.
“Yeah, while I have been making good money in Farmington, I just have been feeling stressed out and not really as happy as I feel I could be. The money is not the most important thing for me now,” Peter responded.
“Okay, just to make sure of this again, you do realize that since the sales here will be at a lower volume and that your overall sales commissions will be less?” Carl asked.
“That I do understand, and I have no problem with it, Carl,” Peter answered.
“Great, Peter. What’s your overall impression so far?” Carl asked.
“Oh, I believe I am ready to make the change, if that is okay with you. I am ready to go over more specific details of how you run this office,” Peter replied
Peter glanced over at Phyllis and saw her smiling in agreement.
“Well, that was easy enough. I wish more of my sales would be that easy,” Carl said with a smile.
“Both you and me, Carl,” Peter said smiling back at Carl.
“Well, first we should be able to set you up at either of the back two desks here. Do you have a preference on which?” Carl asked as he turned to look at the desks behind him.
“Oh it shouldn’t matter,” Peter replied.
“Well, how about the one behind me. That way I’ll be close if you have questions,” Carl suggested.
“Oh, I likely will have questions for a while at least. So that will work out fine,” Peter replied.
“Well, Phyllis and I usual open the place at around 9 AM. So if you want to get here fifteen minutes or so before then, you can start then as well. Of course we really don’t have a time clock or anything like that here, since most of your money will be made by the commissions,” Carl said.
“Okay, about eight forty five will work for me,” Peter responded.

Peter and Carl continued to discuss further details about the job for around an hour or so. As they were wrapping things up, Sarah opened the door to the office and walked in with a paper shopping bag with the two chords at the top for handles. The bell rang again as the door swung inward. She was smiling at both Carl and Peter as she stepped inside.
“Hi Peter and hi Carl,” Sarah said walking toward Peter and Carl, who were still sitting across from each other at Carl’s desk.
“Hello Sarah. It looks like your shopping trip was successful. Oh by the way, this is Phyllis. She works as another realtor here with Carl,” Peter said.
“It’s nice to meet you Phyllis,” Sarah said as she looked toward her.
“Phyllis, this is my wife, Sarah,” Peter added.
“Nice to meet you as well, Sarah,” Phyllis replied from her desk.
”Has Peter been treating you nice while I was out?” Sarah asked.
“He has been very polite. Carl did forget about me earlier though,” Phyllis said with a fake frown.
“I won’t live that one down for a while,” Carl replied.
Phyllis nodded in agreement.
“So how was your shopping expedition, Sarah?” Carl asked.
“Great, I found a new outfit at the Pearson’s store. And I even found out that they can use an extra sales clerk. Not management like my current job, but it’ll be a start. So if you do end up taking this job, I should have something to do as well,” Sarah replied.
“Well, I think I do want to accept the position Sarah. If you agree, I will do so. So what do you think?” Peter asked.
Sarah smiled and replied “sure, honey. That’ll be fine. I’m glad you are taking the job,” she said as she walked over to him. He stood up and the hug each other for a moment.
“Since we’ll be moving here, you should be able to take the job in the store too. Carl won’t have to use all his connections to find you a job either. That’s great,” Peter commented.
“Okay, now that you have pretty much established that you two are moving here, did you want to look at some of the available properties now?” Carl asked.
“Oh, sure we can. Though I can wait until you two are done with your stuff first,” Sarah replied.
“You timed it right, Sarah. We finished a few minutes before you returned. The final paperwork will be completed on his first day on the job. We were mostly shooting the breeze when you came in anyway,” Carl said.
“Okay then. I'm ready to look at some houses,” Sarah replied.
“Sarah, please have a seat here,” Carl said as he motioned with his hand toward the open chair next to Peter in front of his desk.
Sarah sat in the seat and looked at Peter first, then at Carl.
“To start with, do you have any price range in mind?” Carl asked.
“Hmm . . . well, at least to start, I think we probably would need to keep it under two hundred thousand. Until we can talk to a bank for a more accurate number, I think that would be the best guess I could give you now,” Peter replied.
“Under two hundred thousand, huh? Well, that may limit the choices a bit. But I do understand since you two are still young. Even in a small town like this, the property values have been increasing over the past several years. Some people from Lansing have been moving here and that has been driving the prices up some,” Carl said.
“Well, just show us what we can get in that price range and we’ll take it from there,” Peter replied.
“Let’s see here,” Carl said as he scanned some binders on a shelf next to his desk.
Carl pulled one of the binders out, and opened it onto the desk. It had photos and descriptions of houses for sale in the area. He spun the binder around for Sarah and Peter to view and moved it closer to them.
“Okay, from this tab to the next one are the listings I have between one fifty and two hundred thousand,” Carl said pointing to the two divider tabs in the binder.
Peter drew the binder over, and reviewed the first entry within the range. Sarah looked at the page as well.
“That one is only eleven hundred square feet. Maybe I just haven’t been keeping up with real local estate, but I thought one hundred fifty five thousand would buy quite a bit more around here,” Sarah commented.
“Well, that one does have a close to an acre of land with it too, but as I mentioned, inflation hasn’t totally missed this area. Just keep looking, and please let me know if you have any questions,” Carl replied.
“Okay, let’s keep looking Sarah,” Peter said turning to the next page.
“That looks kind of small too. Keep paging through Peter,” Sarah commented.
Peter turned to the following page. He could see a slight sense of exasperation on Sarah’s face with each page with the type of houses they could afford.
“Sarah, just keep in mind, we may have to get a starter home for now. Build up some equity, and eventually get more of what we both want,” Peter commented trying to head off some of Sarah’s concerns.
“Tell me Sarah, what type of home are you looking for? Maybe I can sort through some of these a bit better,” Carl offered.
“Well, I had read earlier that there are some old Victorian style houses here. We wouldn’t need a real huge one, but something in fairly good shape, not too far from the down town area, and I guess it would have to be affordable too,” Sarah replied.
“Victorian style, huh? I know there are a few for sale in here,” Carl said as he reached over to the binder and started flipping through some of the pages. He stopped at one for a moment.
“This one is Victorian style. It is a one story house, but it is near by and in your price range,” Carl pointed out to them.
Peter and Sarah reviewed the photo and description for a moment.
Sarah commented “This still looks a bit small. What others are available?” Sarah asked.
“Well, I’m afraid most of the others are not going to be much bigger in this price range,” Carl replied.
“So they’re really not much bigger, Carl. Well let’s have a look at them at least,” Sarah commented with some disappointment.
Carl sighed and said “Well, there is a house that may be what you are looking for that I have been trying to sell for almost two years now and I have to keep asking the owner to keep dropping the price.”
“What could possibly be so wrong with it that it has not sold in two years? Does it need a new foundation or roof or something else?” Peter asked a bit puzzled.
“No, the house is in pretty good shape. There are some outdated features, like an old furnace and no air conditioning. That’s not what is making the place hard to sell,” Carl replied as he sat back in his chair.
“Okay, what’s the background on the house Carl?” Peter asked.
“Well, that is the reason we are having so much selling it. I’m going to be honest with you on this. The house is being sold by a sister of the previous owner. The sister lives in Grand Haven and just wants to sell the place for the money. She only took a few things from the house. The rest she wants to try to sell with it,” Carl explained in a more somber tone than Peter and Sarah have seen.
“Okay so the previous owner willed the house to his or her sister. I’m not seeing anything that would keep us from wanting the house yet,” Peter commented.
“Well, the problem is that the previous owner, Mildred Kroft, disappeared in 2001 and was never found,” Carl said.
“Disappeared? How old was this Mildred Kroft?” Sarah asked.
“Oh, I believe in her late seventies or early eighties. Not someone who would up and move to California or somewhere like that. The police did an extensive search and never found much of anything that would explain the disappearance,” Carl replied.
“Did she have any mental problems or something?” Sarah asked.
“Or could she have been confused, left the house and got lost?” Peter offered.
“I don’t remember everything, but I know the police investigated all leads, including those, and did not get any closer to finding her,” Carl answers.
“So this missing woman is enough to keep people from buying this house,” Peter asked.
“Well, for the most part, local people are aware of what happened at this home. I guess some people believe there’s something wrong with the house. Another thing I had forgotten, but some people had reminded me, that Mildred’s husband had disappeared in the mid-eighties, under similar circumstances. I haven’t looked into that any further though,” Carl replied.
“Two people missing from the same house. This is getting a bit strange. Peter, what do you think about this house?” Sarah asked a bit skeptical.
“Well, I suppose we could look at it at least. If I assume right, it would be in our price range?” Peter asked.
“That it is. I think I may still have this in the over two hundred thousand section, but it has dropped below that now,” Carl said as he flipped through the next section.
Carl stopped on a page for a moment and said “Here it is. Look it over and tell me what you think.”
“Wow, it looks very nice and actually a decent size as well. It also looks like it’s in good shape too,” Sarah commented.
“We have a contract with a crew which keeps up some of the vacant houses that we are trying to sell around here. You know, mowing and cleaning to keep the houses looking nice,” Carl replied.
“Okay, I think I would be interested in seeing the place, how about you, Peter?” Sarah asked.
“It can’t hurt to see it. Would we be able to see this house this afternoon?” Peter asked.
“Certainly, it’s a few blocks away and a bit further than the restaurant. Do you want me to drive or walked to the house?” Carl asked.
“Oh, why don’t we just drive this time, Carl?” Peter suggested.
“Sure, my car is parked on the side next to the building. If you are ready, we can go now,” Carl replied.
“We are ready,” Peter said as he and Sarah stood up from their chairs along with Carl.
They walked out to Carl’s car and got in. Sarah sat in the front with Carl, while Peter rode in the back seat. They drove down Main Street for a few blocks before Carl turned down a side street, and then turned down one more. As he approached the house, he pointed it out to them. He parked in the street in front of the house. Peter and Sarah got out of the car and stare at the house for a moment to size it up. Carl made his way from his side of the car to their side.
He asked “Are you ready to go inside?”
“We sure are. It looks even nicer in person than in the photo,” Sarah commented as they began their way up the front walk.
Sarah and Peter followed Carl up the front steps of the house. The wooden steps groaned slightly with each step, but only enough to make the slight noise. They seemed sturdy enough. The boards on the porch also creaked as they walked across the porch to the front door. They could already see that the exterior furniture was left behind on the large porch, which extended across the front of the house. There were two wicker couches on each side of the door and a swing attached to the ceiling at the end of the left side of the porch. Carl removed a set of keys from his pocket. He used an odd shape key to open a lock box that hung from the door handle. From it he removed the house key. After inserting it into the somewhat corroded brass lock, he turned it to unlock the door. There was a muffled click, as the door unlocked. He depressed the latch and pushed the door inward to open it. The door creaked as it swung into the room.
Carl gestured to Peter and Sarah to walked inside of the house, and said “There, let’s go inside and have a look around.”
Sarah walked in first followed by Peter, and then Carl.
Sarah commented “Hey, this place is cooler than I was thinking it would be, even in the afternoon heat.”
“You are right, Sarah. Hey, if this stays like this, maybe we should be able to get by without air conditioning for a while at least,” Peter commented.
“We will have to see about that,” Sarah replied as she turned to look at the foyer.
Carl closed the front door behind him, and asked “Okay, where would you like to start?”
“Oh, we can start down here first,” Sarah replied.
“Well obviously, this is the foyer, with the stairway to the second floor to in front of us. Through this opening to the right, we have a sitting room,” Carl said as he motioned his hand toward the room.
“And to the left we have a living room,” Carl continued as he turned to face the opening across the foyer.
To the right of the stairway, there’s a hallway, which goes to the kitchen and to the back of the house,” Carl said.
“Does this house have a basement? We do have things that we may need to store somewhere,” Sarah asked.
“Yes, the stairway to the basement is off of the kitchen. I’ll show you that later, if you would like. Let’s go into the sitting room first,” Carl suggests as he extended his arm toward the sitting room to the right.
As they walked into the room, Sarah commented “This room is nice and open. We probably could put the TV in here.”
“Sure that may work. We’ll have to see if there is a cable or some type of antenna outlet nearby though,” Peter replied.
“I don’t believe this house has cable or a satellite dish. There should be a cable line behind the house. They should be able connect to it and add an outlet in this room for you, if you wanted it,” Carl adds.
“Yeah, I think we could handle that Carl. Thanks. What’s next?” Peter asked.
“Through this doorway is the dining room,” Carl said as he walked toward the closed door on the left side of the room. He twisted the knob and pulled the solid wood panel door which squeaked a bit as it swung into the sitting room.
As they walked into the dining room Sarah commented “Wow, a separate dining room. That would be a change from our little eating area in the apartment.”
“Yes, this table and chairs looks nice and sturdy. We should be able to just use this set rather than the cheap set we have now, unless you want to keep it?” Peter said with a smile.
“Oh, maybe we could just leave it in the apartment, like this stuff was left here,” Sarah replied smiling as well.
“If you do take the house, the furniture that is here will be yours to keep or sell as you wish,” Carl reminded them.
“Well, so far what I have seen is much nicer than most of our stuff. So we would likely keep a fair amount of it. This will actually save us a fair amount, since we do not have enough furniture to fill up many of the rooms in the house,” Sarah commented.
“Hey, that’s right. We would likely have several empty rooms or an empty bank account,” Peter agreed.
“With the dining room here, is the kitchen near by?” Sarah asked.
“Yes, the kitchen is right through this door on the other side of the table. The other door there goes back to the hallway from the foyer,” Carl answers.
“Okay, let’s see the kitchen next,” Sarah suggests.
“Sure let’s just walked around the table here to the door,” Carl said as he walked toward the closed door. He reached for the knob to the kitchen door and pushed it open. Like other doors in the house, it creaked as it swung into the kitchen. Peter and Sarah walked in first and Carl followed behind them.
“Well, other than being dated, the kitchen does not look bad. There’s a fair amount of counter and cabinet space,” Sarah commented.
“As long as the appliances work we can replace then gradually, when we have the money,” Peter added.
“That would work for me. It looks like we may need to get a dishwasher, and maybe we could bring our microwave from the apartment,” Sarah replied.
“That should not be a problem,” Peter commented.
“The stove is gas, as you probably can see. It’s in working order, so as you mentioned you can use it until you re ready to get a new one. Did you have any questions so far?” Carl asked.
“No, I do like what I see so far though,” Peter replied.
“Well, that’s great. Next I can show you two the office across the hall to the left here,” Carl said, as he began walking toward the short hall.
“This is the back door here. You may use it to come in from the single car garage in the back,” Carl said, as he gestured to the door on his right.
“What’s this door on the left?” Peter asked.
“That goes to the basement. I’ll show you that in a few minutes,” Carl replied.
Carl grasped the handle of the door ahead of him and swung the door into the room. He then stepped aside to let Peter and Sarah take a look at the office.
“Here’s the office, which also doubles as a library,” Carl said to describe the room.
Peter and Sarah walked a few feet into the room and looked around.
“Hey, there are already a lot of books and papers in here, and there seems to be a lot of stuff left on the desk,” Sarah commented.
“Like I said, the previous owner’s sister only took a few things from the house. So you can sort through everything here, keep what you want, then give away or toss the rest,” Carl replied.
“Well, there may be a few rooms that may take some work. This one’s a bit stale, with all of the old books,” Sarah commented.
Carl was still at the door when he asked “Would you like to see the basement now or continue on this floor?”
“Oh, I suppose we can take a quick look at the basement now,” Peter replied.
“Yeah, let’s get that over with,” Sarah added.
“Okay, the door is just to the right here,” Carl said as he still held the door while waiting for Peter and Sarah to exit the office.
Carl walked to the basement and opened it. He reached past the door and found the light switch on the wall.
“I’ll go down first, to show you where to go. Please be careful, the steps are a bit steep,” Carl advised as he turned his head away from them to proceed down the steps.
“It’s probably good we are getting this over now. This already seems a bit creepy,” Sarah commented as she followed Carl down the wooden steps.
“Wow, now I can tell why the rest of the house is a bit cool. This is almost what I would call cold down here,” Sarah commented continued to descend further down the steps.
“Well, you know it does seem a bit strange, but at least it will help in the summer months,” Carl added.
“Right,” Peter agreed.
Peter ran his hands along the uneven dark green painted concrete walls as he made his way down the steps behind Sarah and Carl. They reached the basement floor, and they stepped into the room a few feet.
“This is pretty musty and stale down here,” Sarah commented.
“Most old basements are unfortunately around here are like that, and this is one area of the house the cleaning crew has not done much to. It probably could use a dehumidifier,” Carl suggested.
“That’s something we could look into, I guess,” Peter replied.
Peter and Sarah continued looking around the basement.
“The washer and drier are over there to the right in the end of the basement. They are fairly old, but they do work,” Carl said.
“Is the dryer gas?” Peter asked.
“Yes, it is a gas dryer. As is the water heater also to the right,” Carl replied nodding his head.
“What’s this monstrosity on the left?” Sarah asked.
“Oh, that’s the furnace. It’s an old gravity furnace that was converted to gas years ago,” Carl replied.
“Converted from what?” Sarah asked.
“It used to be a coal burning furnace. I think it may have been converted in the thirties or so,” Carl replied.
“Well as long as it can heat the place once winter arrives, we should be okay,” Peter adds.
“That’s a strange wall behind it though. Is that painted orange?” Peter asked.
“I believe it just is a very rusty steel plates welded in that pattern. I’m not totally sure, but it may be there to protect the wall from the heat or possibly it was part of the old coal system,” Carl replied.
“That is ugly. At least it’s not in the main part of the house,” Sarah commented.
“There’s a small work bench area past the furnace on the left,” Carl added.
“Okay, I’m not sure how much I’ll use that, since I’m not real handy, but it’ll be there if I want to try to do something I guess,” Peter said.
“Have you seen enough down here?” Carl asked.
“Oh yes, let’s head back upstairs,” Sarah replied.
“Sure, I’ll let you two go first,” Carl offered as he extended his hand toward the steps.
Sarah began to walk up the steps, and was followed by Peter, then Carl. When Sarah was near the top, there was a muffled metal ping sound emanating from somewhere in the basement behind them.
She stopped mid-stride, and asked “Was that sound from the steps?”
After stopping behind Sarah, Peter replied “Hmm, it almost sounded metallic, and the steps are wooden.”
“Well, that’s one thing about an old house that you’ll have to get used to. There’ll be occasional odd sounds from the house settling and other sources,” Carl added.
“That’ll take some getting used to, I guess,” Sarah commented.
She then turned and continued the rest of the way up the steps. 
When Peter and Carl reached the top of the stairs behind Sarah, Carl suggested “next we can take a look at the family room.”
“Sounds good, where is it?” Sarah asked.
“It’s through this door next to the basement door,” Carl said as he closed the basement door and walked a few steps toward the door to the family room. He pulled the door open. It squeaked as it swung back into the small hallway.
“I guess the squeaky doors are something else we’ll have to get used to as well, huh?” Sarah commented.
“I suppose I could try to fix them,” Peter suggested.
“Like I said, I’ll have to get used to them squeaking,” Sarah said with a smile as she started to follow Carl into the family room.
“Okay, you’re probably right,” Peter conceded with a smile as he followed her into the family room.
“Just remember, Peter, you just have to sell houses, not fix them,” Carl said as he turned toward them while in the family room.
“Thanks Carl, that’s a good point,” Peter replied.
“Hey, this is a cozy room. Maybe the TV would work better in here,” Sarah suggested.
“Yeah, I agree. We could put the TV in here,” Peter agreed.
“The furniture in here is a bit worn, but I think it fits well in the room. We should be able to pretty much use it as is,” Sarah commented.
“No problem from me. That would keep things simple,” Peter agreed.
“Oh, just to let you two know, we have had this house thoroughly cleaned, including the carpets, curtains and furniture,” Carl told them.
“Yes, that does make things look nicer,” Sarah replied.
“That’ll save us some work,” Peter agreed.
Sarah noticed a set of portraits on the wall to their right.
“Who are the people in the old portraits? The photos look fairly old,” Sarah asked.
“I really don’t know. You know, the sister didn’t take them, so they may not be of anyone related to her or the previous owner,” Carl replied.
“Could they be of the owners before her?” Sarah asked.
“I suppose, but I would just be guessing. Did you have any other questions on this room?” Carl asked.
“No, what room is next?” Peter asked.
“Well, the living room is just through this door opposite the one we just walked through,” Carl replied as he pointed toward the other door.
“Okay, we will just follow you,” Peter replied.
Carl walked toward the door to the living room then he opened the door. Carl held the door to let Peter and Sarah enter the living room.
“Oh, I see, this leads back to the foyer through the archway on the left,” Sarah observed when she walked into the room.
“Yes, this level is well designed for good traffic flow around the house,” Carl agreed.
“That would be nice if we have parties,” Sarah said as she glanced at Peter.
“This room is more formal than the family room, but I suppose there’ll be times that will be nice to have,” Peter commented.
As they paused to observe the room, Sarah heard a clock ticking. She turned toward the sound and said “Hey, this is an old grandfather clock. It’s beautiful. It has got to be worth quite a bit.”
“I believe it keeps pretty good time, too. It’ll need winding every week or so, just to let you know,” Carl adds.
“Someone did wind it, I take it,” Peter asked.
“I suppose, the person who helps to keep the place clean probably wound the clock as well. So it’s not anything weird happening here,” Carl replied.
“I guess that’s good to know, with the way that some people view the place,” Peter commented.
 Carl sighed and replied “Yeah, I just try to be honest and up front with the house. So far it hasn’t helped yet, though.”
“Well, so far you haven’t scared us away from the house yet,” Peter commented.
“That’s good to know. Thanks Peter,” Carl replied.
“Would you like to have a look at the upstairs now?” Carl asked.
“Sounds good, let’s have a look upstairs,” Sarah replied.
“The foyer and the stairs are to the left through the alcove,” Carl said as he used his left hand to point toward the opening.
They walked together into the foyer to the stairway to their left.
Carl reached for a light switch. With the lights turned on, Carl waited as Sarah and Peter walked up the steps first. He then followed behind them. When Sarah reached the top of the steps, Carl said “We can start out by checking out the bedroom off the hall to the right.”
“You mean through the door there?” Sarah asked pointing to a door across the hall.
“Yes, that’s the one,” Carl replied.
Sarah proceeded to the door, and pushed it open into the bedroom. Peter walked up to her side and peered into the room.
“This is simple, but nice,” Sarah commented, as she sized up the room.
“The rooms up here mostly use wall mounted lighting fixtures,” Carl commented.
“I noticed that, and I do like the style of the sconces,” Sarah commented.
“That will save us from having to buy more table lamps,” Peter added.
“How many bedrooms does this house have again?” Sarah asked.
“There are three bedrooms and one full bathroom in the house,” Carl replied.
“Oh, that’s right. I take it the bathroom is up here somewhere?” Sarah asked.
“Yes, it is up here. Would you like to see the bathroom next?” Carl asked.
“Okay, which way to the bathroom?” Peter asked.
“I believe the door is just on the other side of the stair landing,” Carl replied as he rotated around to face the door.
Carl made his way to the door, and pushed it open. He then stepped back to allow Peter and Sarah to have a look at the bathroom.
“I’m not sure I like the yellow wallpaper in here, but I suppose that’s something we could change at some point,” Sarah commented as she gazed into the bathroom.
“Removing wallpaper can be a pain though. Hopefully it’s not something we have to do right away at least,” Peter commented.
“I can live with it for a while, I suppose,” Sarah said looking back at Peter with a smile.
“Thanks honey,” Peter said.
“The tub looks in relatively good shape even though it’s old,” Peter commented.
“It’s an old cast iron tub with the claw feet, which along with the pedestal sink add a classy touch to the room,” Carl replied.
“I see a shower head at least. I believe some of the old houses just had baths,” Sarah commented.
“Yeah, that’s nice that we won’t have to have to add a shower head,” Peter asked.
“I see two doors in here. Where does the other one go?” Peter asked.
“That one to the right goes to steps to the attic, and the one on the left to the master bedroom. Would you like to see the attic?” Carl asked.
“No, seeing the basement was enough for my fill of creepy places for me today. How about seeing the master bedroom?” Sarah replied.
“We can go through the door here in the bathroom or back around the stairway to the main door,” Carl offered.
“Going through the bathroom door looks closer, why don’t we just try using that?” Peter suggested as he stepped further into the bathroom and continued to the left door to the bedroom.
He twisted the knob and pushed it open. It squeaks as it swung into the master bedroom.
“I guess with a squeaky door like this, I won’t be able to sneak into the bathroom in the middle of the night,” Peter notes with a slight smile.
“Yeah, you will probably wake me up, since I’m a light sleeper,” Sarah replied as she approached the door behind him.
“Well, I’ll try to be quiet at least,” Peter said.
“Wow, an old canopy style bed. It’s beautiful,” Sarah commented while admiring the bed.
“Yeah, we can definitely keep that,” Peter agreed nodding his head.
“There’s a walk in closet straight ahead to the left,” Carl stated.
“I see the nice large old dresser too. With the closet, that should hold most of our clothes,” Sarah commented as she walked to the closet door and held it open.
“Oh, that reminds me, the clothes in the closet and dresser have been removed. They were donated or tossed,” Carl mentions.
“That’s good; we won’t have to go through the woman’s clothes,” Peter replied.
“That would give me the creeps,” Sarah adds.
“Let’s see, there should be one more bedroom, correct?” Peter asked.
“Yes, it is across the hallway,” Carl replied as he pointed to the door.
Sarah walked through the master bedroom door into the hallway. Peter and Carl follow behind her. She arrived at the door to the bedroom, and she opened it.
“This looks about the size of the first bedroom. Again more antique furniture, but it looks like it’s in relatively good condition,” Sarah said, as she scanned the room.
“How many more rooms are in here that we should look at?” Peter asked.
“Well, that is about it for the inside. I can show you the backyard and the garage, if you would like,” Carl offers.
“It’s a single car garage, right?” Peter asked.
“Yes, Mildred had sold her car a few years before she disappeared. So other than lawn equipment and some other things it has some room in it,” Carl answers as they stand outside of the last bedroom.
“So it’ll at least have room for one of our cars. That’ll be nice. We just have a carport at the apartment now,” Peter commented.
“Okay, let’s take a quick look at it, Carl,” Peter said after pausing a moment.
“Well, then let’s go back down the steps and we’ll make are way around to the back of the house,” Carl said as he used his right arm to point in the direction of the stairway.
Sarah walked down the steps, followed by Peter and Carl. From the foyer they walked past the stairway to the kitchen and head toward the back door. When Carl reached for the door knob, he realized it was locked. He unlocked it, then opened the door. He held it open and said “After you.”
“Thanks Carl,” Peter replied, starting through the open door to push the screen door open. Outside he propped the door open for Sarah, and then Carl. When Sarah was on the steps, she commented “Wow, it’s hot out here. Are you sure this house isn’t air conditioned?”
“I’m sure, Sarah. It may just have good ventilation, shade from the trees or something, which helps it stay cool,” Carl replied following them down the back steps.
“Whatever it is, I like it,” Sarah said, as she reached the back sidewalk.
“So this is the garage?” Peter asked, approaching the garage.
“It’s a relatively simple building, but it will keep a car, lawn equipment, and other odds and ends dry,” Carl said.
“Here let me open the door so you can have a look inside,” Carl said, reaching down for the handle to raise the garage door.
“Oh, this door does lock too. There just isn’t much in it now to lock up,” Carl added as he pulled the multi-panel door open high enough for them to walk inside.
“Gravel floor with a few spare rugs on the sides, huh?” Peter noted.
“Most of the older garages around here have gravel floors. Some people add old rugs to cushion their feet when they get out of the car, I guess,” Carl replied.
“I suppose that makes sense. Actually, it reminds me of my grandparent’s garage,” Peter added.
“The lawn mower looks old, but in good condition at least. It’ll be nice having most of the outdoor equipment already, since we don’t have any right now with an apartment,” Peter said.
“Yeah, it’s not like you need a weed whacker for carpet in the apartment,” Sarah joked with a smile.
Peter and Carl both got a chuckle from her comment.
“Well, maybe before I met you. I’ve cleaned up some since then at least, I hope,” Peter said.
“Oh, you have sweetie,” Sarah said, as she patted him lightly on the shoulder.
“Thanks, Sarah,” Peter replied, as he nodded his head.
“Okay, let’s have a quick look at the rest of the backyard,” Peter said.
“Let’s step out of the garage here, and I’ll close the door again,” Carl said, stepping out of the garage and waiting for Peter and Sarah to be clear of the door.
He then pulled the door closed, and they walked around to the side of the garage for a look at the backyard. They stop just behind the garage.
“This is a nice size yard. Not too big, that I would have to mow for hours on end, you know. The crew you have working here has done a nice job keeping the yard up as well,” Peter said.
“Yeah, they have been reliable. Once you get some vacant listings, I’ll make sure to give you their contact information,” Carl replied.
“Thanks, I’m sure I’ll be able to use them,” Peter commented.
“Okay, what next?” Sarah asked.
“Well, if you are still interested in buying this house, we can go back inside and find a room to sit down and discuss the details further. I have the file on the house back in the car. I can get it while you wait inside,” Carl suggested.
Peter and Sarah looked at each other, and once they had reassured each other, Peter replied “I think we are pretty much sold on this house, Carl. Even with the history, it’s a nice house that we don’t want to pass up.”
“Well, that’s great Peter and Sarah. It is a lovely house and it will be more than just a starter home as well,” Carl commented.
“It’s nice with the furniture too. It’ll be pretty much ready to move in even without our own furniture from the apartment,” Sarah added.
“Okay, let’s go back inside the house,” Carl said, as he motioned his left arm toward the back door.



VIII

About six weeks later, Peter and Sarah sorted through moving boxes placed in various rooms around the house. The two of them were in the kitchen unpacking some of the boxes.
“Do you want this blender on the counter?” Peter asked as he lifted it out of the box while removing the newspaper.
“Yeah, just put it anywhere on the counter for now. I can find a spot for it later,” Sarah replied, placing a stack of dishes into a cupboard above the counter.
After the dishes were in place Sarah paused, and said “Wow, this will be our first night in our new house. I’m still amazed that we could afford this place, but I’m definitely not complaining.”
Peter stopped unpacking, and said “You know, it’ll be very nice having our own place, and not just blowing the money on rent every month.”
“I’m very happy here, Sarah,” Peter added while he walked over to Sarah.
“I am as well, at least so far,” Sarah said reaching her arms out to embrace Peter.
“Still have that wait and see attitude, huh?” Peter said with a slight smile as they embraced.
“I’m sorry, but this is just not the type of town I’m used to living in yet. I really do like it so far though,” Sarah said trying to reassure him as she gazed into his eyes.
“Well, thank you again for giving it a try. I know I will be more at ease here, and hopefully that’ll make it better for you as well,” Peter said.
“I have noticed you are more relaxed already, and it definitely helps,” Sarah replied.
After holding each other for a while longer Sarah asked “You start your job Monday like I do, correct?”
“Yep, they are having me start about eight forty five Monday morning. When do you start your job?” He asked.
“They want me there a little after eight. That means I can probably be the one to park in the driveway, since I’ll be leaving first,” she replied.
“Well, as long if you are okay with parking it outside,” he sighed a moment then continued “Hopefully, I’ll be successful here. I know I grew up in a small town, but I haven’t tried to sell houses in one.”
“Oh, you’ll do fine Peter. It can’t be that different from Farmington. The procedures should be similar, and you are always good with people,” she said to reassure him.
He sighed and then said “I’m sure you are right. It’s just those last minute nerves or something that has me a bit worried I guess. You know, now that we have this house to pay for and those kinds of things.”
“Like I said you will be fine,” she said, pulling him closer.
After embracing for a minute or so Peter offered “I can go move the cars if you would like.”
“Okay, I’ll stay in here and continue the unpacking fun,” she said with a small smile.
As Peter stepped away from her he said “I’ll make it quick. I don’t want to miss out, you know.”
She laughed as he headed down the hall toward the front door. When he reached the front door, he pulled it open to the usual squeaking. He walked out to the porch and down the steps. Both of their cars were parked in the street. His car was parked in front of hers. He decided to move his first to the garage, then her car into the driveway. As he made his way along the sidewalk toward his car, he saw an older man next door working in his yard. Peter decided to greet him, so he waved and said “Hi, I’m Peter Corbin. My wife Sarah and I are just moving in to this house.”
The older man did not smile, but stopped what he was doing and stood up to greet him. When Peter reached close to him, he extended his hand to shake Peter’s hand. As he did, he said “Name’s Vernon Kramer. I hope they told you the house is cursed before you bought it.”
As Peter shook Vernon’s hand he was stunned for a moment. His jaw dropped and his hand shaking movement slowed. He finally was able to recover enough to slowly ask “Listen, I know the previous owner disappeared along with her husband, but why does that make this house cursed?”
“You already knew about that and you still wanted the place?” Vernon said. He then added “That’s not the whole story.”
Peter was not sure how to react. Since Vernon sensed this, he said “Well Peter, best of luck to you both in your new house. Good to meet you.”
“Nice to meet you too, Vernon,” Peter replied slowly.
Vernon then released Peter’s hand and turned around to return to his yard work. Peter stood on the sidewalk still astonished for a moment. He shook his head and continued on toward his car. While inside the car, prior to starting it, he paused for a moment. He decided not to tell Sarah about Vernon’s warning. Probably just telling her that he met Vernon and that he was concerned for them in the house would be enough. The part about there being more to the story was something he wanted to avoid for the time being. He then sighed and twisted the key to start the car.

Later that evening, after Peter and Sarah were in bed sleeping, Peter was stirred awake by Sarah.
“Honey, I think I hear voices,” she whispered to him.
“Huh?” He said before having a chance to open his eyes.
“I said, I think I hear voices,” she repeated nervously.
“Voices, are they in the house?” Peter asked, sitting up partially.
“I’m not sure, but could you check?” She asked.
“I suppose, I could look around a bit,” Peter replied, as he swung his feet out of the bed onto the floor.
He paused a moment at the edge of the bed. Having a chance to listen, he could hear some faint voices, but he was unable to understand what they were saying. He closed his eyes for a moment to listen closely to get some idea of where they were from. After a moment, he did agree that the voices at least appeared to be coming from within the house. He stood up and walked to the open front window. Through the branches of one of the trees he could see a couple walking by on the sidewalk. Relieved that no one was in the house, he crossed the floor back to the bed. Sarah was looking at him as he reached the bedside.
Sarah nervously asked him “Did you see anything yet?”
“Yes, it was just a couple walking by on the sidewalk. With the window open you are going to hear things like that occasionally,” Peter replied.
Sarah sighed, relieved that the voices did not come from within the house.
“Thanks sweetie, I do appreciate you checking. You know, since it’s a bit cooler now, maybe you could shut the window,” she suggested.
Peter sighed and then agreed “Sure. That’ll cut out some of the outside noises as well.”
“Thanks. It really did sound like the voices were coming from inside though,” she said laying back down on her pillow.
“Yeah, I was fooled at first, too,” Peter replied walking back to the window to push the double hung window shut.
“Maybe the voices were echoing off the walls or something,” Peter suggested.
“Yeah, maybe it was something like that,” Sarah replied trying to reassure herself that the voices did not come from inside the house.
He returned to back to his side of the bed and got back in. In a few minutes he was asleep again.

Later that night, he was again stirred awake by Sarah tapping on his arm.
“Sweetie, sorry to wake you again, but I still hear voices,” she whispered.
“Oh, man,” he said slowly as he propped himself up in the bed towards her.
“So you are hearing voices again?” He asked after a yawn.
“Yeah, though this is different then the last time. It almost sounds like a woman who is in trouble and asking for help,” she whispered nervously.
A bit frustrated, but wanting to help he offered “Okay, I’ll listen for a while and see if I can hear anything. If I do hear something, I’ll look around.”
“Sure, just listen. Thanks sweetie,” she replied relieved a bit.
He swung his legs off the side of the bed again. After taking a deep breath, he closed his eyes again to listen. He sat and waited for several minutes, but heard nothing.
“Sorry Sarah, but I have not heard any voices yet?” Peter said.
Disappointed, but understanding, she replied “Well, thanks for trying Sweetie. I know I did hear something, though.”
“I don’t doubt it honey, I just didn’t hear anything. I know I usually sleep more soundly than you, too,” Peter said.
“I know, but I did hear a woman. She was moaning a bit and I could make out something like ‘help me, help me’ and ‘let me out’ or something like that,” she said.
A bit unnerved, Peter asked “You could make out that much from the voices?”
“Yes, I listened to it for a while before I woke you up. So I had a chance to pay attention to what I was hearing. It was actually a bit louder in the bathroom too,” she replied.
“You were in the bathroom? I must really have been in a deep sleep,” Peter said.
“Yeah, you were snoring a bit again too, but not too bad at least,” Sarah said.
“Well, I’ll try to see if I can hear anything too. Like I said, I do believe you,” he said to try to reassure her.
“Thanks sweetie, your support does help,” she replied.
“Just try to get back to sleep. We need to get more sleep so we can unpack more things in the morning,” he said.
“I know sweetie, I am trying to sleep. It’s just hard since I’m hearing things. Thanks again,” she said as she rolled over and closed her eyes.
“Goodnight,” he said as he moved his legs back into the bed and pulled the covers over himself.
“Goodnight sweetie,” she replied.



IX

About eight forty five Monday morning, Peter drove his car into the parking lot by the realty office. He got out after finding a spot near the back then walked around to the front of the office holding a box containing some items for his desk. After he freed his hand from the box to reach the front door handle, he found it to be locked. He knocked on the glass. He could see Carl approaching the door. Carl twisted the lock, and pulled it open from the inside.
“Good morning Peter,” Carl said, as the bell above the door rang.
“Good morning to you too, Carl,” Peter replied with a smile.
“Come on in. I see that you brought some things for your desk. Your desk should be ready for you to move in,” Carl said, holding the door for Peter to pass by.
After Peter was inside, Carl closed the door behind him and relocked it. Peter carried the box to the desk behind Carl’s desk and set it on top beside the computer.
“How is the new house working out for you?” Carl asked.
“Well, we’re enjoying it so far. We have unpacked several boxes, and it’s starting to look somewhat organized at least,” Peter replied.
“Any problems with the house so far?” Carl asked.
Peter hesitated for a moment then replied “Well, nothing is really wrong. The only thing is that Sarah has been hearing strange sounds at night.”
Carl was a bit puzzled. He then asked “Strange sounds, like what?”
Peter stared downward for a moment, and the back at Carl. After a sigh, he replied “She said she is hearing voices. I guess to her it sounds like they are asking for help and to be let out.”
“How about you, have you heard these same voices?” Carl asked curiously.
“Other than some people walking by outside, no I haven’t. I’ve even tried to listen specifically for them, but so far nothing. I do believe that she is hearing something, but I have no idea what’s going on yet. I’m a heavy sleeper though, so there could be things happening, and I just don’t hear it,” Peter replied.
“Do you think it could be anything having to do with the history of the house, Peter?” Carl asked.
“I suppose moving into a new house, and her knowing the history may be putting some stress on Sarah. Maybe that could be causing some reaction like this. I just hope it ends soon. I want her to be happy in the house,” Peter replied.
“Well, I sure want the two of you to be very happy in the house. Please let me know if there’s anything I can do to help, Peter,” Carl offered.
“Thanks Carl, I can’t think of anything now, but if I do I’ll let you know,” Peter replied.
Carl suggested “why don’t you get situated in the desk, and then let me know when you are ready to go over some things.”
“Sounds good, Carl. I‘ll let you know when I’m ready,” Peter said, as he walked behind the desk. He then removed the top of the box, reached inside, and pulled out a stapler.

About ten minutes later, Peter cleared his throat, and said “Hey Carl, I think I have most of my stuff unpacked now. You said that you had some things to go over.”
Carl turned around from his desk chair, and he replied “Oh yes Peter, just a few things to discuss.”
Carl reached back to retrieve some papers on his desk. After turning around again to face Peter, he said “Well to start, I have three new listings that I can let you have. These just came in last week, and they need to be followed up with the usual items, like getting appraisals, ads into the paper, and other places.”
“Do you have a contact for local appraisers?” Peter asked.
“Oh yes, let me write the name down for you,” Carl said, turning back to his desk to find a piece of paper.
He picked up a pen and wrote down the name and number on the paper. After turning around he handed the paper across the desk to Peter.
“She’s local and we have an account with her. So you just give her a call to make the appointments for each of the houses,” Carl said.
“Simple enough, I’ll give her a call. Thanks Carl. Oh, I’ll likely ask about the ad contacts once I get this taken care of,” Peter replied. 
“Sure, just let me know when you are ready,” Carl said.
“Okay,” Peter said as he started reviewing the papers with the new listing information to get the background information needed for the appraiser.

After Peter contacted the appraiser and made appointments with her for the three houses, he studied the listings a bit further. While he was doing this, Carl turned around from his desk and asked “Did you get a hold of Colleen for the appraisals?”
“Sure did. I made appointments to meet her at the houses Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. You know one appointment for each house. Colleen does sound very nice by the way,”
“She has been very pleasant to work with over the years, though she should be able to handle the appraisals by herself,” Carl replied.
“Oh, I just wanted to work with her a few times to get the feel for the housing market around here,” Peter said.
“Well, she’ll help you out with that. So that is a good idea,” Carl agreed, as he started to turn back to his desk.
After swinging back around again, Carl offered “Oh Peter, I almost forgot something. My wife, Mary and I would like you and Sarah to come to our house this Friday for a little get together.”
“Oh really, that would be very nice of you two,” Peter commented.
“Yeah, I wanted to invite some of the local people we work with here so that you can get to know them better. It’ll be after dinner, since I’m inviting more people than we really have space for a dinner. We’ll have plenty of hors d’oeuvres though, so you probably can just have a light dinner before you come over,” Carl explained.
“Hey, that would be nice to meet people socially that I’ll be working with around here. Who are you planning on inviting?” Peter asked.
“We don’t have the whole list made yet, but it’ll people from the local bank, Colleen, Phyllis, and some others,” Carl answers.
“Do you think they’ll all be able to come?” Peter asked.
“Well Peter, remember Wharton is a small town with not as much to do every night as the bigger cities. So it’s usually easier to get people to attend things,” Carl reminded Peter.
“Good point. We’ll have to remember when we have parties, too,” Peter agreed.
“Well, we don’t have any plans for Friday evening, so we should be able to make it. Of course I’ll check with Sarah too. What time would you like us there?” Peter asked.
“About seven thirty or so would be fine. Oh, I’ll have to make you a martini or two. Not to brag, but I think they rival the one you had at the Chilton River Inn,” Carl said.
“The martini’s sound great, I won’t be late knowing those are waiting for me,” Peter replied.
Carl laughed, and said “Okay, I’ll look forward to it. Just let me know if you can’t make it for any reason.”
“I can’t imagine a problem, but if there is anything, I’ll let you know very soon. Thanks so much Carl,” Peter said.
“No problem Peter. It’ll be good for everyone to get to know you and for you to get to know them. I’m just trying to make this change as smooth as I can for you,” Carl said.
“It definitely will help. Thanks again,” Peter replied.
“Sure,” Carl said, as he turned back to his desk.



X

Later that day, Peter and Sarah were eating dinner at home. Remembering the party on Friday, Peter held his fork in his hand and finished chewing the salad greens in his mouth.
After swallowing, he said “Sarah, Carl and his wife, Mary, have invited us to their house Friday evening for . . . well, basically a party. Do you have anything scheduled that evening?” 
“No, I don’t have plans with the people I’m working with for Friday. That sounds like fun. Will it just be Carl and Mary?” Sarah asked.
“No, not just them, Carl plans on inviting several people associated with the local real estate business. I guess he’ll be inviting people and their spouses, from the bank mortgage department, at least one appraiser, and Phyllis, the other realtor you met after lunch when we visited,” Peter replied.
“Wow that does sound worthwhile. It’ll give you a chance to meet people you need to know from town for the business, and we get to meet their spouses as well,” Sarah commented.
“Yeah, I’m looking forward to it,” Peter agreed.
“Did Carl say when it’ll start?” Sarah asked.
“He said about seven thirty. Oh and it’ll be after dinner, since he’s inviting too many to have everyone sit down for dinner. He suggested we just eat light before we go,” Peter replied.
“That would work. Hey maybe we could eat a big lunch instead,” Sarah suggested.
“How about trying that Chilton River Inn again?” Peter followed up.
“Sounds good to me. Though I likely will have to make it a late lunch. The store is usually busier during the lunch hour, well relatively speaking for a small town, you know,” Sarah replied.
“Yeah, we probably could meet there somewhere around one or one thirty. I suspect the normal lunch hours may have some walk in traffic at the real estate office as well,” Peter agreed.
“Sounds like a good time. So how was your first day today?” Sarah asked.
“It went well. Carl started me off with three new houses which need to be listed. I have to get them appraised, so I can get a starting price to get them advertised,” Peter answered.
“Three houses right off the bat. That should keep you busy,” Sarah commented.
“Well at least the pace is a bit slower here. Carl gave me a contact for the appraiser and I set up appointments for each house later this week,” Peter tells her.
“Sounds like a good start,” she replied.
“By the way, how was your day?” Peter asked.
“Oh it went well too. Definitely not as busy as I was use to in the Farmington store, and so far that is nice,” she replied.
“How are the people in the store?” Peter asked.
“So far they have treated me well. It’s just one day, but nothing to complain about yet,” Sarah replied.
“Well that’s good at least,” Peter added.
They then continued to finish their dinner.

Later that evening before bed, Peter was brushing his teeth. He turned on the separate cold water faucet handle to rinse his brush. The handle squeaked slightly as it turned. As the water started cascading out of the faucet, a deep vibrating moan could be heard. Peter reached to the handle and could feel it vibrating. To him, it appeared as the whole sink was vibrating as well. It then faded gradually, until it was inaudible.
From the bedroom, Sarah asked “Peter, what was that noise?”
Staring at the sink, he replied “The sink was making a funny noise. It’s probably just the old pipes or something.”
“That did sound strange. I hope it’s something simple like that,” she replied.
“Like Carl said, this place will have plenty of strange sounds,” Peter reminded her.
“I know, I know, but it is a bit unnerving to me sometimes,” Sarah added.
Peter finished rinsing his brush, and then he prepared for bed.



XI

The alarm went off in the morning. Peter could hear Sarah rustling. She sat up on the edge of the bed as Peter watched her. She almost seemed to be falling back to sleep while sitting on the edge.
“Are you okay Sarah?” Peter asked, as he propped his head up slightly.
“Oh, I’m just very tired Sweetie,” she mumbled.
“Did you have trouble sleeping or something?” Peter asked.
“Uh huh, I kept hearing voices again last night, and I just couldn’t sleep,” she replied slowly.
“Are you going to be well enough to go to work?” Peter asked.
“Yeah, I just need a shower and some strong coffee before I go. I just can’t keep this up night after night,” Sarah replied.
“Well, you can wake me up tonight if you hear something again. I want to help you with this you know,” he offered.
“Thanks Peter that should help. At least if you cannot find anything then maybe I could just try to ignore it,” Sarah replied, starting to stand up from the bed.

In the evening, the sun had gone down, and the sky was quickly losing color as it changed to night. Peter and Sarah were about finished with dinner.
Sarah told Peter “You Know, one thing I would like to do around here is to go through prior owner’s things in the office. Our stuff is mostly still in boxes, and I would like to find some room for some of it.”
The chandelier above their table dimmed slightly for a moment, and then it returned to the normal brightness. They both stared at it for a moment, but nothing else happened.
“Did you want me to help sorting?” Peter offered trying to ignore what happened with the light.
“No, I should be okay by myself. I may even do some this evening, if that’s okay with you?” She asked starting to stand up from the table.
“Remember Carl said there may be some hidden treasures in the house,” Peter reminds her.
“I know that. That’s why I want to sort through things carefully rather than just dump it out,” she said as she reached for her plate.
After placing her silverware on the plate, she walked toward the sink. The lights in the room went out. Sarah said “Oops, damn it!”  There was a loud crash in the room.
“Are you okay Sarah?” Peter called out into the darkened room.
“I’m fine so far. It just surprised me, and I dropped the plate and silverware,” she replied.
“Just stay there for a moment so you don’t run into anything,” Peter suggested.
“I’m starting to be able to make things out now. It’s not totally dark out yet, at least. So the window light is helping me see a bit,” she replied.
“Yeah, I can see some . . .” Peter started saying as the lights suddenly turn back on.
“The lights are back on. Here let me help clean up the broken plate,” Peter offered heading to the cabinet under the sink for the dust pan and small broom.

Later, as Peter and Sarah were preparing to get into bed, Peter asked “Well how is the office sorting going so far?”
“Oh there’s a lot of old stuff in there. There may even be some stuff from an owner before the one that disappeared,” Sarah replied pulling the covers aside to make room to get in bed.
“There’s stuff that old in there? Guess no one ever bothered sorting through it much,” Peter replied as he also pulled the covers back on his side of the bed.
As he slid his feet under the covers, he said “Well, just remember if you hear the voices tonight, you can wake me up, okay?”
“I will do that, but maybe not every time. At least one of us should get some sleep,” she replied, also pulling her feet into the bed.
He turned off his bedside light first and then Sarah switched off hers.

Peter could feel Sarah gently tapping on his arm. After slowly opening his eyes, he rolled over and asked “Are you okay?”
“Peter, I’m hearing some voices again,” she replied.
“Okay, I’ll see if I can hear anything,” he said rotating his body and then dropping his legs onto the floor. Sitting up on the edge of the bed, he closed his eyes and listened. Still groggy, it took him a moment to concentrate on the ambient sounds. The house was almost too quiet. He opened his eyes and turned around to let Sarah know that he could not hear anything. A fairly loud gasping sound came from somewhere downstairs. It almost sounded as if it could have been human.
“I did hear that! Is that anything like what you have been hearing?” he whispered to her.
“I have heard a few things like that, but some actually sound like words or phrases too,” she replied.
“Let me listen again a while longer,” Peter said.
“Okay, I’m not going anywhere,” Sarah replied.
Peter again closed his eyes as he remained on the edge of the bed. He concentrated for perhaps ten minute more, but did not hear anything else.
“Well, I haven’t heard anything since that gasping sound. Did you want me to check around the house for anything?” He asked as he looked back toward Sarah in the bed.
“No, I’ll be okay. At least you heard something tonight, so not everything is in my mind,” she replied.
“Sarah, I don’t doubt you are hearing things around here. I’m just trying to help,” he said.
“I know, and thank you,” she replied.
He brought his feet back into bed, and was soon asleep again.



XII

In the office Wednesday, Carl turned around in his desk chair to ask Peter “Anything else been happening in your house lately?”
“Well yeah, Sarah is still hearing those voices during the night. I actually heard something for the first time last night too. It was almost like a gasping sound. Sarah said she has heard that type of sound before too, but there are also times she can make out words and phrases, too,” Peter replied.
“Okay Peter that’s starting to sound strange. I’m actually starting to regret selling you two that house. I want you guys to enjoy it. Not be scared of it,” Carl said.
“Oh, it’s fine. Like you said it’s just an old house with strange noises,” Peter replied.
“Voices go a bit beyond what I would call just strange noises, though,” Carl added.
“Oh, the power went out last night too, but that probably was something with the power company being overloaded with too many air conditioners,” Peter said.
“Well we never lost power last night at our house. I would think were on the same system too, but I suppose I could be wrong,” Carl replied
“Another strange thing I guess. Even so we really like the house,” Peter commented.
“At least you aren’t mad at me yet for it. Do you meet with Colleen today?” Carl asked.
“Yeah, I meet her at two this afternoon. She even offered to pick me up here and drive to the house,” Peter replied.
“She’s nice to work with isn’t she?” Carl asked.
“Definitely sounds that way so far,” Peter replied.

A few minutes before two, Peter was working on the computer at his desk. He heard the bells ringing above the front door. A woman walked in. Peter noticed her long light brown hair and her figure silhouetted against the light shining through window.
“Hello,” she called out into the office.
“Hi Colleen, it’s nice to see you again,” Carl told her.
As she walked up to Carl’s desk Carl said gesturing his hand toward Peter “Colleen, this is Peter Corbin.”
Peter stood up from his chair and walked around to greet Colleen. As he reached out his hand Carl added “Peter this is Colleen Phillips.”
“It’s nice to meet you Colleen,” Peter said as he smiled and shook her hand.
“It’s nice to meet you as well, Peter. So far we have just talked on the phone,” Colleen replied.
Peter gazed down briefly, and noticed that she only has one ring, and it was on her right hand.
“Well, I’m ready to head off to the first house if you are Colleen,” Peter said continuing to smile.
“Okay, let’s go. I just parked in the side lot next to the building,” Colleen said smiling at him too.
The two of them walked out of the office and headed to Colleen’s car. She unlocked it remotely and they got into the car.
“I take it you know where the first house is?” Peter asked as he was about to close the passenger door of the car.
“Oh yes, I know this town very well,” Colleen said as she shut her door too.
As Colleen drove the car out of the parking lot into the street, they headed to the left. As they made their way down the street, they approached the store where Sarah worked. Peter actually saw Sarah walking with a woman on the sidewalk coming toward them. They must be heading to lunch, he thought to himself. He waved as the car passed by. Sarah seemed surprised to see him, and just turned her head to look at the car.
“Who was that?” Colleen asked.
“That was my wife, Sarah,” Peter replied.
“Okay, I was kind of wondering how you would know someone around here already,” Colleen said nodding her head slightly.
“Hey, are you planning on going to the party at Carl’s place this Friday evening?” Peter asked.
“Oh yes, I’ll be there, how about you and Sarah?” Colleen asked.
“Well, I think we both pretty much have to be there, since we’re the ones who have to meet people at the party, you know,” Peter said smiling at Colleen.
Colleen laughs lightly, and they continue on to the house to be appraised.



XIII

When Peter got home from work, a bit later than normal, he found Sarah in the office apparently continuing to sort through things.
“Are you finding anything interesting or valuable in there?” He said, peering into the office.
“Hi Peter, yes I just found a stack of old newspaper clippings from around the nineteen thirties. It looks like they are from the local newspaper,” she replied looking up towards him from the floor where she was sitting.
“From the thirties, what are they about?” Peter asked.
“Well let’s see, some are photos of social club functions and other group type photos,” she replied.
“Perhaps they were saved because of someone in the photos or the articles,” he suggested.
“Yeah, I haven’t got to the point of trying to figure out why they were saved yet, but I plan to,” she replied.
“Do you know what you want for dinner?” Peter asked.
Still sitting down, she said “Oh, I need to just fix something quick. I’m meeting some of the girls from work tonight at eight thirty.”
“That’s nice that they are including you in things already. Where are you going?” He asked.
“We are meeting at that bar on Main Street near the edge of town. I forgot the name already, but I remember where it is,” she replied.
“Did you want me to come with you?” He asked.
She paused a moment, and looked down. She lifted her head back up and replied “Sorry, but this is really supposed to be a girl’s night out.”
“Oh that’s okay, I wanted to ask at least,” he said.
“By the way, who was that woman you were driving with this afternoon?” She asked looking him straight in the eyes.
“Oh, that was Colleen, the appraiser for the houses Carl recommended to me,” he replied.
“Is she married?” She asked.
Sensing where this was going, Peter said “No, I do not think she is married, but this is just business.”
“Well, just be careful around her,” she replied.
“Hey, you are the one going to a bar tonight,” Peter reminded her, but quickly realized he may have overstepped her limit.
“Peter, it will just be us girls having fun. You can trust me, can’t you?” She replied with her voice slightly raised.
“Yes, I do trust you Sarah. I want you to trust me as well,” he said as he stepped into the room with his arms out.
She stood up, and they embraced. They held each other for about a minute.
“Okay, let’s get some dinner so you’ll have time to get ready,” Peter suggested.
“Sounds good to me, thanks Peter,” she replied as she slowly stepped away from him.
They walked out of the office and into the kitchen to make a quick dinner.

Peter went to bed before Sarah arrived home. He was awakened from a deep sleep by a loud metallic clanging sound, which may have emanated from the basement. He sat up quickly in bed. After rubbing his eyes then stretching his arms slightly, he looked over and noticed that Sarah was not in bed yet. After taking a deep breath, he decided to see if he could determine what caused the noise. He lowered his feet to the floor then stood up in his bare feet. Walking slowly in the dark around the bed, he made his way to the door to the hallway. He then remembered he could have turned on the bedside lamp. Instead he chose to just turn on the room light.
Next to the doorway, he reached over to turn on the light switch. Two wall sconces lit up on the wall near the bedroom door. He pulled the door open slowly, which caused it to squeak relatively loud as it opened. Peter found the switch for the hallway light near the door, and he turned it on as well. The hanging lamp over the stairway illuminated and cast a yellowish glow over the corridor. He walked around the railing separating the stairwell from the hallway. The floorboards creaked with each step as he made his way to the stairs.
When he arrived at the stairway, each time he stepped down, the treads let out a low moan. At the bottom of the stairs he walked to the side of the front door to turn on the foyer lights. He then walked past the steps in the hall toward the kitchen. After opening the door to the kitchen, he turned on the kitchen light, and closely examined the room. Since the kitchen could have been an option for the source of the sound. Nothing seemed to be out of place in the kitchen that he could see so far. He stepped into the kitchen, while continuing to look around. From what he can remember, things appeared the same as he left them before he originally went upstairs. He realized his first thought may have been correct that the clanging sound most likely came from the basement
After walking through the kitchen, he twisted the back door knob to the right and left to verify that it was still locked. He headed toward the basement door and slowly pulled it open. It creaked loudly as it swung into the short hallway.
Reaching toward the wall just inside of the doorway, he turned on the light switch, and peered down the steep narrow stairs. He slowly started down the staircase. The air from the basement cooled his exposed skin, which helped to make him more aware of what he was doing. The steps creaked under the weight of each step he made. About halfway down the steps he noticed something about two feet long, metallic, and round in the middle of the basement floor. The few bare light bulbs in the basement made it difficult for him to initially figure out what it was. As he neared the bottom of the steps, it became apparent that the object was a about a foot long piece of iron pipe.
He walked to the pipe and picked it up with his hand. As he was moving it around in his hand to look at it from different angles, he remembered seeing it before. It had been resting on the workbench beyond the furnace on his left. He walked to the workbench and set the pipe back on top. Staring at it for a moment, he guessed that it could have just fallen off of the workbench and rolled to the center of the room, but he was uncertain how valid his explanation of what happened was.
He slowly spun around, and began to walk toward the stairs again. When he reached the stairway railing, he gazed back toward the workbench area one more time. He then focused back toward the stairs, and slowly began walking up the steep steps. About halfway up the stairs there was a metallic ping sound from somewhere in the basement. He swung around and slowly looks around from left to right. The furnace blocked his view of the workbench, but there was nothing in the middle of the floor like before. He closed his eyes for a moment, and took a deep breath.
After opening his eyes again he continued up the rest of the stairs. As he made his way up the steps, he could hear something creaking above him from the first floor. He could hear the screen door swinging open. A noise came from the lock in the back door, and he could make out a figure through the window in the door. As the door in opened into the room, he could quickly tell it was Sarah. Her hair was disheveled, and she seemed a bit unstable as she walked into the short back hallway. After looking toward the kitchen, she looked toward the basement and noticed him coming up the steps. Peter could tell she was puzzled.
“Hi honey, what were you doing down there? I thought you’d be in bed by now,” she asked.
As he reached the top of the stairs he answers “I was in bed, but I checked out a noise I heard from the basement. You look like you had a good time tonight.”
“Like, yeah we did. We were dancing and just having fun. Wasn’t quite like the clubs in Farmington, but fun,” she said as she swayed slightly.
“Let’s get you to bed. You’ll need to get up for work in a few hours,” he reminded her.
“Yes sir!” She replied with a mock salute.
He shook his head and began to lead her into the kitchen saying “Hopefully, you’ll be able to sleep tonight.”
“Oh, I’m tired now, so . . . so it won’t be a problem. None of them freaky noises will bother me tonight,” she said as he guided her to the hallway to the foyer.
“I hope not. I hope not, honey,” he added.
They then went upstairs and he helped her into bed.



IX

When Peter arrived home from work on Thursday evening, Sarah was again going through items in the office. As he paused in the back hall, near the rear door, she got up from the chair in the office, and came out to greet him.
“Hi Sarah, are you still sorting through that stuff in the office?” He asked.
“Yeah, I thought I would work on it some more before you got home,” she replied embracing him in the hall.
“Have you found anything interesting yet?” He asked holding her and gazing into her eyes.
“Well, I have been looking at some of those articles some more, and I have found at least one person in common in many of the articles,” she replied.
“Hmm, maybe that is the person that they were saved for,” he commented.
“The name I found is an Erika Wahl. I want to keep looking into this more after dinner. I’m finding this strangely interesting,” she said.
“Yeah, well after I get something to eat, I think I’ll see what’s on the TV. There’s plenty of old stuff to go through. Maybe I can help with the basement sometime,” he offers.
“Sure, you look like you need to eat and relax anyway,” Sarah commented.
“Yeah, I suppose. I did manage to keep myself busy today. Though after last night, I thought you’d be the tired one,” he commented.
Sarah laughed and replied “Oh, it’ll likely hit me tomorrow. In the past, it usually was the next day before a late night will catch up with me.”
“For me you know it’s the day after. Booze can hit me hard sometimes,” he reminded her.
“Oh, I remember that happening a few times,” she said with a smile.
“Yeah, yeah, let’s get something to eat,” he responded nodding his head.
“Sure, I’ll see what we have available,” she agreed as she slowly lowered her hands from his back, and started toward the kitchen.

After dinner, Peter was watching a TV program and Sarah was busy in the office. He heard a loud bang, followed by Sarah screaming. He quickly got up from the chair and ran to the door to the family room. After opening it quickly he ran into the family room. As he moved quickly through the room, he yelled “Sarah, are you okay?”
As he reached the door to the office he could hear her reply “I’m okay, but the damn drawer just slammed shut without me touching it.”
He opened the door to the office. Sarah was sitting in the wheeled desk chair, which she must have pushed away from the desk, pointing at the large lower right desk drawer.
“That’s the drawer. The bottom one on the right,” she said, with her voice trembling.
“You are okay, though?” Peter asked reaching her side.
“I’m just really shaken, honey,” she replied, still shaking as he knelt to embraces her.
“What happened?” He said rubbing his hand on her back to try to calm her down.
“Well, I was sitting at the desk reading some of those old articles and . . ,” she paused to take a deep breath. She continued “And I had left that drawer open, since that’s where I found the articles. Then the damn thing just slammed shut, wham!”
“And you didn’t bump it or anything like that?” He asked continuing to caress her back.
“No, no I didn’t. It just slammed shut by itself,” she replied, still shaking a bit.
“Let me check the drawer,” Peter offered.
“Okay, just be careful,” she said as he shifted away from her and got closer to the desk.
He reached down to the old oak drawer handle, and he slowly pulled on it. He found the drawer took a bit of force to open.
“Wow, this is harder to open than I was thinking. It’s pretty heavy with all of the files and papers in it,” he commented.
“So what does that mean about the drawer?” She asked.
“I guess it means that it would take some force to shut it, especially with all of the files and paper in it,” he replied.
“I don’t know what did that. I’ve had enough for tonight. I think I probably should just go to bed,” she said.
“Sure, there really isn’t much on the TV tonight, so I’ll just head up too. We probably should get good nights’ sleep, since we have the party at Carl’s tomorrow,” Peter suggested.
 “Thanks Peter. Let’s get out of here,” she said as she stood up from the chair.
They walked back through the family room and the living room so Peter could turn off the TV before they walked up the steps to their bedroom.
“Oh, are you still going to be able to meet me for lunch tomorrow?” Peter asked as they began to walk up the stairs.
“Yes, I can take my lunch at one thirty tomorrow. Just stop by the store and we can walked to the restaurant,” Sarah replied walking in front of him up the steps.
“Okay, I’ll pick you up then, sweetie,” he replied.
They reach the top of the steps, and walked around the stairway balcony to their bedroom.

Later that night, Peter was jostled awake by Sarah tapping on his shoulder. The past several nights of interrupted sleep were catching up with him. He struggled to wake, but was able to respond after a few seconds with “Huh . . . what’s wrong sweetie?”
“I know this is getting old, but I still hear voices coming from downstairs somewhere,” she replied.
“More voices, huh?” He responded slowly.
Sarah detected that he was very tired, so she offered “I can go check down stairs, since I know you are tired.”
A few seconds pass before Peter replied slowly “Are you sure you need to check? It is probably nothing anyway.”
“I just want to do this for myself,” she replied as she sat up in bed.
“I’d do it myself, but I’m just too beat right now. Just be careful and turn the lights on when you go down,” he said, with his eyes only partially open.
“Oh, I’ll definitely be using the lights. I’ll be back in a few minutes,” she said while beginning to stand up from the bed.
“Okay,” he said as he put his head back on the pillow and closed his eyes.
He could hear the creaking floor as Sarah made her way to the bedroom door. The knob turned and the door creaked open. A slight glow was cast over his eyes as the hallway light turned on. Her footsteps still could be heard as she made her way to the stairway. He could feel himself drifting quickly back to sleep. Though the creaking, he could sense some additional sound for only a moment. It did not alarm him enough to keep him from falling into a deep sleep.

Peter felt the bed moving slightly and the covers shifting. It was Sarah returning to bed. Peter managed to mumble “Find anything down there?”
“Nothing, it was very quiet when I went downstairs. Hopefully that’ll be it for tonight,” she replied as she pulled the covers over herself.
“I hope so too, sweetie,” he agreed with another mumble.
“Just go back to sleep, honey. I didn’t mean to wake you,” Sarah said.
“Thanks dear,” he said as he fell back to sleep.



X

As Peter and Sarah finished their lunches at the Chilton River Inn, Peter noticed that Sarah seemed to be a bit distant for some reason, but he was not sure if he wanted to mention it.
“So are you still meeting with that appraiser woman?” Sarah asked just before she wiped her mouth with the napkin.
Peter finished swallowing and replied “Yeah, I met her again this morning at the third house I needed appraised. You still seem bothered by her. I am keeping this professional, you know.”
“I don’t know what it is about her. I know I trust you, but something is making me uneasy,” Sarah replied as she turned away for just a moment then looked back into his eyes.
“Well, one thing I plan on doing is to let her handle the appraisals by herself in the future. I just wanted to go along with her on these first few to get the feel for the type of houses around here,” Peter offered.
Sarah breathed a sigh of relief, and said “I think that would help me deal with her. I know she will be at the party tonight, but I’ll be there too. So I won’t worry about it. Thanks honey.”
Peter looked at his watch, and stated “Well, I suppose we should pay the bill and get back to work soon.”
“Sure, I’m ready to go. This was a very nice idea,” she said.
“Yeah, we’ll have to do this again soon,” he said as the waitress approached the table.
“Are you finished, sir?” the waitress asked.
“Yes, and we are ready for the bill too, when you have a chance,” Peter replied.
“No problem,” the waitress replied while looking for the bill in her apron pocket.
She set it upside down on the table, and said “I’ll take this up when you are ready, sir.”
“Thank you,” Peter replied as he reached for the bill and removed his wallet from his pocket.

As Peter and Sarah left the restaurant and started making there way back to work, they stopped on the bridge over the Chilton River for a moment. Peter still saw that something was bothering Sarah as she stared at the water slowly passing underneath them. He felt he had to ask about it now.
“Is something other than the appraiser bothering you, honey?” he asked watching her while she continued staring at the river.
Still transfixed on the river, she sighed, and answered “Well, there are a lot of nice things in this town so far, but I’m really starting to wonder if this is the right place for me.”
“Why would you think that?” Peter asked, surprised about her thoughts.
“It may just be that it will take longer than this to get used to it, but I’m not sure I fit in here,” Sarah replied.
Peter sighed, watched the river for a moment.
He then faced her again, and said “I suppose all I can ask you to do is continue to give it a chance. I know it’s a lot different than Farmington, but should be possible to learn to like it. Just give it a chance.”
After another sigh, Sarah agreed “I’m not ready to give up or anything, I just have my doubts and I’m letting you know about them.”
“Well, please feel free to talk about doubts. I want you to enjoy this town as much as I do,” Peter replied.
“Thanks Peter,” Sarah said, finally looking up from the river and moving closer to embrace him.
“Sure honey,” Peter replied as they embraced.
They held each other for several seconds.
“I suppose we should get back to work,” Sarah said pulling back slightly.
“Okay, let’s head back,” Peter said as they both turned to head back to town.
He kept his arm around her waist as they finished walking across the bridge back toward Main Street.



XI

When Peter got home from work, it was about six thirty. As he walked into the house from the back door, he heard some rustling coming from the office, and figured that it was Sarah again sorting through things.
“Hey, I’m home. Sorry I’m a bit late, though,” Peter said closing the back door behind him.
“Hi Sweetie, is it late already? I guess I wasn’t paying attention to the time,” Sarah replied as she stood up from the desk chair.
“Yeah, it’s about six thirty, so we’ll need to have a quick dinner and get ready,” he replied.
“Okay, let’s get some dinner ready and then change. We should be fine as long as we keep moving,” she agreed as she made her way to the hallway by his side.
“Yeah, Carl’s place isn’t too far away. We’ll have to drive, but it should just take a few minutes to get there,” he said as they started toward the kitchen.
“What are you hungry for?” She asked.
“I think we still have some of the chicken left over from last night that we can reheat,” he replied.
“That’s easy enough. I’ll find it,” she responded heading toward the refrigerator.
“Did you find anything more interesting in the office this evening?” He asked as he reached for some plates in a cupboard.
“Actually, I really think I’m starting to figure out some of the history of this house. I want to show you what I found,” she replied while removing two containers of leftover chicken from the refrigerator.
“You were able to figure out who the people were and that kind of thing?” He asked as he set the plates on the counter.
“Yeah, they sound like they were pretty interesting people. I’ll have to show you tomorrow or maybe later, since we are in a bit of rush tonight,” she replied as she opened the first container of leftover chicken.
“I’ll make time to see what you found tomorrow. That does sound interesting,” he replied.
“Yeah, it’s not quite what I expected, but I’ll tell you more about it later. Can you find some glasses and get us something to drink? I’ll get the chicken going in the microwave,” she asked.
“Okay, I’ll get the glasses. What do you want to drink?” He asked while opening the cupboard with the glasses.
“Oh, I think I’ll just have some water. That should be enough for now,” she said as she placed the first chicken on the plate.
“Easy enough, I’ll get you some water,” he said taking a glass to the refrigerator and filling it from a pitcher of water.

As Peter drove his car down the street of Carl’s house, Sarah commented “I think the house should be one of these on the right with several cars parked out front.”
“Yeah, that would be my guess too. Let’s see, that house is 426, so that’s it. I’ll just park down here a ways were there is still room to park,” he said while continuing a few houses down past the Carl’s house to park.
“Okay, that’s good enough. Let me open your door,” he offered as he released his seat belt and opened the car door.
He walked around the car to her door and opened it. He extended his hand toward her to help guide her from the car.
“Thank you sweetie,” she said reaching for his hand and stepping out of the car.
They begin walking on the sidewalk toward the house. Peter glanced at the sky, and commented “It almost looks like it could rain tonight.”
“I hope not. I didn’t bring a jacket,” she replied.
“Actually, there may be one of mine in the car that I can get if you need to later,” he said as they began up the driveway.
“That may help, but hopefully it’ll hold off until after the party,” Sarah replied.
“Yeah, I hope so too,” he agreed as they reached the steps to the porch.
They walked together to the front door. Peter found the doorbell and pressed it. They could hear muffled conversation coming from inside. Next they heard footsteps approaching the door then they could see a shadow of a person at the door. The knob twisted, and it was pulled open to reveal Carl holding the door.
“Welcome Peter and Sarah. Please come in,” Carl said while pushing the screen door open for them to enter.
“Thank you Carl, you have a very nice house,” Peter said, peering inside of the house.
“Yes, and thanks so much again for having us over. We really do appreciate it,” Sarah commented as she led Peter into the house.
“Well, it’s my pleasure to have you two over. Come on in and meet the others,” Carl said gesturing his hand down the hallway toward a room full of people.
A woman walked up to them, extended her hand, and smiled.
“You must be Peter and Sarah. I’m Mary Bishop,” she said, continuing to walk toward them.
“Hello, Mary. I’m Peter Corbin, and this is my wife Sarah,” Peter replied as he extended his hand to greet Mary.
“Hello, nice to meet you Mary. We really like your house,” Sarah replied as she also extended her hand toward Mary’s.
“Well, I do try to keep it clean in spite of having Carl around,” Mary said with a big smile.
“Hey, I’m not that messy, you know, and I do try to help clean sometimes,” Carl commented.
“Yeah, the key word is ‘sometimes’,” Mary added.
“Well, let’s go in and meet the others now,” Carl said to change the subject.
“Okay, we’ll follow you,” Peter said as they began to walk toward the room full of people.
They reached the room and see several people standing around with either a drink in hand or a small plate of food. Some of them turned to acknowledge the new arrivals. Carl first leads Peter and Sarah to a couple near the table with the spread of food.
“Peter, Sarah, I know you have met Phyllis before, and this is her husband Errol,” Carl said as the five of them stood facing each other.
Peter extended his hand first to shake Errol’s hand. As he did, he said “Hi, I’m Peter Corbin and this is my wife, Sarah. It’s nice to finally meet you, Errol. Phyllis has talked about you at the office before.”
They shook hands and Errol replied with a slight smile “Nice to meet you too, Peter,” He shifts his eyes toward Sarah and Said “And you too Sarah.”
“Hello, Errol and its nice to see you again too, Phyllis,” Sarah replied.
“Hello again to you as well, Sarah. I see you are trying to keep Peter in line too,” Phyllis said with a smile.
“Yeah, it’s a challenge sometimes, but I manage,” Sarah replied with a smile.
“Well, let’s meet the others before this gets too much rougher,” Carl suggested while leading them to the next couple.
They walked toward another couple of which Peter and Sarah recognized the man from the bank.
“I believe you two have met George Stuart from the bank, and this is his wife Petra,” Carl said as they approached the couple.
Peter first shook hands with George and said “Nice to see you again George and thanks again for the good deal on the loan.”
“Oh, no problem Peter, I know I have to establish a good relationship with you so you can send some more business my way,” George replied as he shook Peter’s hand.
“It’s nice to meet you, Petra,” Peter said extending his hand to Petra.
“Peter, it is nice to meet you,” Petra replied in a German accent.
Petra then extended her hand toward Sarah and shook her hand, and asked “Hello Sarah, how are you?”
“I’m doing well. Thank you Petra,” Sarah replied.
“How do you like this town so far?” Petra asked both of them.
“Well, I have been really enjoying it, and I think Sarah is learning to like it as well,” Peter replied.
“Yes, I am starting to like this town,” Sarah replied.
“Carl, get these folks a drink,” George suggested with a smile.
“Oh, I plan to, just one more person then I’ll get them set up with drinks,” Carl replied.
Carl steers them toward Colleen, who was at the food table sampling a few of the snacks. The three of them walked toward Colleen, and she turned to greet them. Sarah could tell she was looking and smiling mostly at Peter.
“Hello Peter, so glad you could make it,” Colleen said with a smile as Peter, Sarah and Carl stopped in front of them.
“Hi Colleen, it’s nice to see you again,” Peter said smiling back to Colleen.
“Colleen, this is my wife, Sarah,” he continued, gesturing toward Sarah.
“Hello Sarah,” Colleen said to Sarah.
“Hi,” Sarah replied with a slight smile.
Colleen looked back toward Peter, and asked “Oh, I forgot to ask you if you like the style of the house we appraised today?”
“Yes I did, it is actually similar to our house, style wise at least,” Peter replied.
“Really? I’ll have to see your house sometime,” Colleen commented.
“Honey, I’m a bit thirsty. Could you get me a drink?” Sarah asked as she tried to change the subject.
“Oh sure, Sarah. Where do you have the bar set up, Carl?” Peter asked looking toward Carl.
“I have that set up on the kitchen counter. Just follow me,” Carl said as he led them toward the kitchen.
After reaching the kitchen counter with several liquor bottles and other mixers, Carl asked “What would you like to drink, Sarah?”
“How about a gin and tonic,” she replied feeling a little more relaxed.
“Coming right up,” Carl replied reaching for a glass and then a bottle.
Carl mixed the drink while the two of them watched. After he was done, he passed the drink to Sarah and asked “Try this and let me know if it I need to change anything.”
Sarah took the glass and sipped it, then stated “oh, this is just right, thanks Carl.”
“Peter, are you ready for one of my martinis?” Carl asked looking at Peter.
“Oh, I have been waiting all week to try one. Thanks Carl,” Peter replied smiling back at Carl and gently nodding his head.
Peter and Sarah again watched Carl mix the martini. When he finished, he handed it to Peter and said “Okay Peter, give this a try.”
Peter took a sip from the glass and replied “Oh that’s very smooth Carl. I could get used to these. This likely won’t be the last one I have tonight.”
“That won’t be a problem. I keep the supplies well stocked around here,” Carl said and then he laughed afterward.
Peter and Sarah laugh as well.
“Feel free to eat something and mingle. Remember this party is for you two,” Carl said as he placed his hands on the counter.
“Thanks so much for putting this together Carl. This really is a great idea,” Peter said to Carl.
“Well, it’s good for everyone. The people here get to know you two as well. Just have fun tonight, okay?” Carl said.
“Oh we will, Carl, we will,” Sarah replied.
Peter and Sarah walked away from the bar, and Peter quietly asked Sarah “Do you want anything to eat now?”
“I’m okay for now, I think,” Sarah replied.
“Yeah, me too. Why don’t we go talk with George and Petra again,” Peter suggested.
“That’s fine with me,” Sarah replied as they headed toward George and Petra.

Several hours later, Carl was mixing Peter yet another martini in the kitchen. Sarah comes to his side and whispers in his ear “Honey, I think you’ve had enough of the martinis tonight.”
He turns toward her and whispers a reply “Sarah, I haven’t had a chance to do this in a long time. I’ll be fine.”
“I’m worried about you driving, you know. It’s not good to be driving when you are like this,” Sarah commented.
“Could you drive home? That way I won’t be driving at least,” Peter suggested.
“I suppose I could. I think I remember how to get back home,” Sarah responded a bit annoyed.
Peter reached into his pocket and removes the keys. “Here you go,” he said as he handed the keys to her.
She sighed and took them from his hand. “Just take it easy on the martinis, okay dear?” She asked.
“I’ll be fine, honey. Just relax,” he replied with a smile.
Sarah sighed again and turned away to go talk to someone else.

About an hour later, Sarah approached Peter and whispered in his ear again “Honey, are you about ready to go yet?”
He turned and looked at her for a moment. He could feel that his head was spinning. He closed his eyes for a few seconds.
“Are you ready to go yet?” Sarah asked again just a bit louder.
“Hmm . . . I suppose, we could get going pretty soon,” Peter replied with his body slightly swaying.
“Pretty soon? I’m ready now. I have had enough of you talking with Colleen you know. You were even letting her touch you,” she said with a firm whisper.
“What, that was nothing. We were just talking,” Peter replied loud enough for a few others to hear him and turn to see what was going happening.
“I saw her touch you and you didn’t seem to mind,” she added.
“I’m telling you, it was nothing,” he again said loudly.
“Honey, people can hear us. Let’s just leave, okay?” Sarah suggested in a firm voice.
Peter blinks and then put his right finger to his lips and whispered “I know shhh!”
“Let’s go now,” Sarah whispers sternly.
“Okay, I’m ready,” Peter replied.
Sarah caught Carl’s eye and motioned him over. Carl walked over, followed by Mary. When they reach Sarah, she explained “I have to get Peter home. He’s had a bit too much fun for one night.”
“Oh, I am so sorry Sarah. I didn’t realize he was getting this bad,” Carl said genuinely concerned.
“Oh, he will be fine. I’m driving and I’m okay. He’ll just have to sleep this one off,” Sarah replied while holding onto Peter.
“That’s good. Hey even if you would like to stay here tonight, I think we could make up one of the spare beds,” Mary suggested.
“No, I think I’ll just get him home, but thanks for offering. And thanks again for the wonderful party. I did have a nice time,” Sarah said.
“Yeah, I think Peter did too. He may not remember much of it though,” Carl said with a smile.
“Yeah, probably not. Thanks again Carl and Mary,” Sarah said as she started to direct Peter toward the front door.
“Drive safe and let us know if there’s anything we can help with later,” Carl offered.
“Thanks, I will let you know,” Sarah said as she opened the front door.
Peter staggered through the door behind Sarah. After they went through the door, Carl said “Take care,” then closed it behind them.
They reached the other side of the porch, and Sarah said “watch the steps. Just take them slow.”
“Don’t worry, I’m good,” Peter said as he extended his foot past the first step below.
When he brought his foot down, it dropped past the first step onto the one below it. Peter lost his balance and almost fell down, but Sarah managed to catch him and stand him up straight again.
“Whoa, watch that first step. It’s a b-big one,” Peter said, slurring his words.
“You’re just drunk. Just step slowly and carefully next time,” Sarah suggested.
Peter closed his eyes again and then opened them.
“Let’s try this again,” he said.
He tried again, and he was able to make it the rest of the way down the steps to the walkway. Sarah guided him down the driveway, to the sidewalk, and then to the car. As he was being guided down the driveway, he was vaguely aware that the wind was starting to pick up. She opened the passenger side door, while he leaned with his back on this side of the car.
“Okay, get in,” she told him.
Peter just yawned and then pushed himself away from the car to fully stand up. He then turned to put his hands on the roof and guided himself into the front seat. Sarah reached in to put his seat belt around him, and then shut the door. She walked around and got in the other side. After starting the car, she pulled away from the curb, and began to drive back home.



XII

Peter found himself dozing off several times in the car. She pulled into their driveway and stopped the car alongside the house. He could see the house, and managed to say “I just need to get to bed.”
“I know, sweetie. I’ll help you get out of the car,” Sarah replied as she started getting out of the car.
She walked around to his side and opened the door. He fumbled around with seat belt a bit, but could not unlatch it. Sarah reached over him and pushed the button to undo it. She then offered a hand to help him out of the car, which he used as he slowly stood up from the car seat. After he was out of the car, she closed his door, and they walked around to the back door. Peter found himself closing his eyes and stumbling frequently as he walked in the dark to the back door with Sarah guiding him.
“Okay Peter, just take your time with the back steps here, okay?” She asked.
“Got it, honey” He replied straightening up and trying to decide which foot to use first on the steps.
They reached the top of the steps, and Sarah opened the screen door then unlocked the back door. After pushing it open, she reached inside to turn on a light.
“Come on Peter let’s get you inside and to bed now,” Sarah said.
“Thanks Sarah,” he replied as she began to lead him into the back hall then into the kitchen.

Peter’s head was still spinning as he lay in bed. He found himself awakened with strange noises, and then quickly drifting back to sleep. He felt something moving within the covers and realized it was Sarah pushing the covers off. Again he faded from consciousness. The bed moved as she got out of the bed. He managed to open his eyes to see Sarah heading toward the bathroom. He closed his eyes for just a moment. The bathroom light was turned on and he noticed Sarah walking in then closing the door behind her. After closing his eyes, he could hear the sound off Sarah possibly being sick in the bathroom. The toilet flushed. After being quiet for a while, Peter drifted back to sleep. 
Something stirred him partially awake, but he did not bother opening his eyes, since he just wanted to stay asleep. There may have been some voices, possibly a woman or someone he did not recognize. He was too tired to do anything about it, and he could feel himself drifting back to sleep. As he slipped into sleep, he could partially make out some of the floor boards creaking outside of the bedroom. Later, something else awakened him. Was it a thump or something similar? He managed to open his eyes slightly, but the room was dark, even under the closed bathroom door. There was nothing for him to see. He fell back to sleep.



XIII

Peter was stirred awake by rolling thunder and rain, which curiously was not muted. With his head still aching and his mouth begging for water, he felt a hard flat pressure on the side of his face. He squeezed his eyes to clear them before opening them. Slowly opening his eyes, he realized the pressure on his face was from the floor. He used his arms to push his aching body slowly upwards. Closing his eyes again to shake his head slightly, he rolled over, and sat on the floor. When he opened his eyes and looked around, he realized that he was in the foyer. He could hear rain behind him. He began to turn his head around, and followed with his body toward the sound of the rain. The front door was open. A steady and heavy rain with a dark gray overcast sky greeted Peter through the doorway.
“Oh man, how did I get down here?” Peter slowly asked out loud as he rubbed the back of his neck, which was quite sore from sleeping on the floor, and possibly falling down.
“Ugh . . . I’m not ready for this. I have to get back to bed,” he continued, barely moving his mouth as he brought his foot around to begin to stand up.
He slowly managed to stagger to his feet with the help of the stairway railing.
“Oh yeah, the door,” he said to himself.
He slowly walked across the foyer to the open door. Grabbing hold of the edge, he swung it shut. He then walked up to the handle and twisted the lock. Slowly he turned back toward the stairway. Reaching the baluster, he gripped it with his right hand. Extending his other hand across the stairway, he grabbed onto the second railing along the wall. Using both railings, he slowly made his way up the steps. The creaking steps echoed in his aching head. He finally reached the landing at the top of the steps. After taking a moment to rest and closing his eyes again, he made his way around the hallway to the master bedroom. He noticed that the bedroom door was open. As he was able to see inside of the room, he quickly noticed that Sarah was not in the bed. Walking to the threshold, he stopped and said “Sarah, are you in here?”
There was no reply. He walked further in the room, but did not see her. Puzzled, he turned toward the bathroom. He walked to the bathroom with the door partially open. When he reached it, he started pushing it into the bathroom, and said “Sarah, where are you?”
As the door fully opened into the room, he could see no one was in the bathroom either. Even though his head was aching, he was becoming more alert and concerned. He checked the other bedrooms upstairs, and still found no sign of her.
Peter decided to check back downstairs. As he made his way down the stairs he called out again “Sarah, where are you? Are you okay?”
He examined the living room first, and then walked across the foyer to the sitting room. After he walked into the sitting room and looked out of the side window, he noticed that his car was still in the driveway, which would have blocked Sarah’s car from leaving. His heart rate increased along with his breathing. He walked back into the foyer and down the hallway to the kitchen, again calling her name. He opened the door to the office without finding Sarah. He then wanted to check the basement.
The door to the basement was not fully shut, so he pulled it open. The cool air surprised him a bit, but then he remembered the basement was normally cool. He turned on the stairway light, made his way down the steps, and asked “Sarah, are you down here?” Again there was no reply. After reaching the bottom of the steps, he called out “Sarah?” No one responded. He found the basement light switch near the foot of the stairway, and he turned on the lights. The cool musty room seemed very still, with no sign of Sarah. Other than the muffled sound of rain against a small window near the back, it was very quite. He rotated his head from side to side searching for any clues. After gazing at the furnace and the rusty wall behind it, he shook his head. Where was she?  His heart continued to race. Maybe she got outside somehow, he thought to himself. The front door was open, he remembered.
He became more energized, so he used both handrails to hasten his way back up the stairs to the first floor. He made his way around to the front door, unlocked it then depressed the handle. He pulled it open to the sound of the heavy rain outside. The porch floor boards creak slightly as he walked toward the porch steps. He eyed both ends of the porch as he stepped across. At the top of the stairs, he said “Sarah, where are you?”  There was only a faint rumble of thunder as a reply.
He began down the steps toward the walkway. Rain was cascading over him and quickly began to soak his pajamas. At the sidewalk, he stopped and looked down the street one direction, then turned to look down the other. There was still no sign of Sarah. He walked on the gravel driveway toward the back of the house. Some of the small wet stones stuck to his bare feet as he walked over them. As he noted before, his car was still in the driveway, and the garage door was closed. So her car was likely still inside, and would not have been able to get past his car to the street. He walked past his car to the closed garage to peer through the windows.
“Damn it,” he muttered to himself as he could see that her car was still in the garage.
He walked around past the garage to look at the backyard. Again, there was no sign of Sarah, as he reviewed at more areas in the backyard, which, by this time, was mostly visible in the overcast gray light of the morning. He stood there turning his head slowly, looking into all the bushes and trees for any indication that she had been back there. He realized this was not like Sarah and that something was wrong. After taking a few more deep breaths, he decided to go back inside and call the police. He walked back over the driveway and over the lawn to the front steps. On the steps, he spun around one more time to check around. He then continued up the steps to the porch to the open front door. After shutting the door behind him, he walked to the kitchen, and found the phone. He dialed nine-one-one.  It rang two times then someone picked it up.
“Wharton Emergency, who is calling please?” A woman on the phone answered.
“Um, this is Peter Corbin and I live at 65 Fourth Street here in Wharton. My wife, Sarah is missing. I have searched the house and the property and . . . well, no sign of her anywhere,” Peter said, still a bit panicked.
“Your wife is missing, sir?” The woman asked to confirm.
“Yes, her name is Sarah Corbin,” Peter replied.
“How long has she been missing sir?” The woman asked.
“Well, uh . . . since late last night or early this morning, I guess. We went to bed after a party and I cannot find her this morning,” Peter replied.
“Okay sir, I will send a police unit right over. Just stay put. They will be there in a few minutes. Are you going to be okay, sir?” The woman asked.
Peter took a deep breath and replied “Yes, I think I’ll be able to wait for the police. Thank you for your help. By the way, what’s your name?”
“My name is Patty. Good luck finding her, Peter,” The woman replied.
“Thank you, Patty. I hope that she turns up soon. I am worried. Good bye,” Peter said.
“Good bye Peter,” Patty said.
He hung up the phone and stared at it for a moment. His mind still in a daze, he slowly walked from the kitchen back to the foyer to wait for the police.



XIV

There was occasional lightning, followed by thunder vibrating the house. The rain continued a steady cadence against the front of the house. Through the windows along the side of the front door and the window in the door, Peter could see alternating red and blue flashing lights gradually getting brighter. It appeared there may be two police cars approaching the house. At that point, he looked at himself and realized he was still in his pajamas. He thought about changing, but quickly dismissed the idea, since the police had already arrived. After a few seconds, he heard footsteps on the porch and noticed two shadows approaching the front door. There was a knock on the front door. Peter then stood up and walked to the door. He opened the door, and he could see two uniformed offices standing at the door. He pushed the screen door open, and one of the officers asked “Sir, did you call 911 about a missing person?”
“Yes, I can’t find my wife, Sarah. I hope that it’s something simple, but I can’t find her anywhere around the house,” Peter replied.
The officer then told Peter “Okay, so your wife is missing. Oh, by the way, I’m Officer Keith Dunn and this is my partner, Officer Scott Harrison.”
“Thanks for coming, guys. Please come in. I know it may have been too soon to call you guys, but this just doesn’t seem right and it’s not like Sarah to do this,” Peter said as he held the door open to let the officers enter. Afterwards, he kept his arms folded across his chest.
“So your wife’s name is Sarah?” Officer Dunn asked.
“Yes, yes, he name is Sarah Corbin,” Peter replied.
“Can you give us a description of Sarah?” Officer Dunn asked.
“Well okay, she white, about five feet four inches tall, shoulder length light brown hair and if I have to guess I would say around 140 pounds. I’m guessing at the weight though. That wasn’t something I can discuss with her, you know,” Peter replied with a slight smile.
Officer Harrison busily took the notes on Sarah’s description.
“When did you last see Sarah?” Officer Dunn asked.
Peter’s heart was racing. He took a deep breath and replied “Well, we were in bed last night. She got up from bed to go to the bathroom, and after that I don’t remember seeing her again,” Peter replied.
“Do you think she could have been sick when she went to the bathroom?” Officer Harrison asked.
Peter closed his eyes tight, and tried to think about what happened. He then replied “Actually, I think she may have been sick. I think I remember hearing her throwing up or something,” Peter replied.
“You think it was her throwing up? Why aren’t you sure sir?” Officer Dunn asked.
Peter sighs, looks down, and then replied “Well, we were at a party last night and I was . . . well I was drunk.”
“Too much to drink, sir? Did you drive home from the party?” Officer Dunn asked.
“Oh no sir, Sarah drove home from the party. I knew I was in no shape to drive. She was fine, she just gets sick sometimes even after a few drinks,” Peter replied.
“Okay sir, where have you looked so far?” Officer Harrison asked.
Peter extended his arm to point upstairs “Well, I looked upstairs first, then all the rooms on this floor, and the basement. Then I went out the front door and to the back of the house. I called her name several times, but I heard nothing. No response.”
“Are those cuts and bruises on your arms sir?” Officer Dunn asked, pointing at Peter arm.
Peter looked at his right forearm, and he could see several scrapes. He then checked his left arm, and he found similar scrapes on it as well.
“What the . . . where did these come from? I don’t know where these came from,” Peter said, continuing to examine the scarred forearms.
“No idea, huh? Officer Dunn asked.
“Honesty, I have no idea. I know I did go to bed drunk, but I was in bed the last I remember before this morning,” Peter responded as he started to realize where this questioning could have gone.
“So you woke up in bed this morning, and your wife . . .” Officer Dunn said.
“Sarah, yes my wife Sarah,” Peter interjected.
“Okay, so Sarah was missing when you woke up in bed this morning?” Officer Dunn asked.
Peter paused a moment, and stared at the foyer floor, and then said “Actually, this may seem a bit strange, but I was down here when I got up this morning.”
“Down here, sir?” Officer Harrison asked.
“Yeah, I was laying on the floor right here in the foyer. I have no idea how I got there or anything, you know. I don’t even remember getting up from the bed,” Peter continues.
“You were drunk though, so it’s possible that you could have gotten up, come down here, and passed out on the floor?” Officer Dunn asked.
Peter shrugged his shoulders and replied “I suppose I could have, but I don’t know why I would have come down here in the middle of the night, though.”
Office Dunn paused for a moment, and then asked “Did you notice anything else strange around here recently?”
Peter thought a moment, then looked up, and said “Oh, when I got up on the floor down here, the front door was wide open. The rain and thunder woke me up.”
“Could you have been outside?” Officer Dunn asked.
“Um . . . I don’t think so,” Peter answered, trying to think if it would have been possible.
“Were you wet when you awoke on the floor this morning? I see that you appear to be soaked now,” Office Harrison asked.
“I was dry when I got up. I just ran around outside in the rain looking for Sarah after I couldn’t find her in the house,” Peter replied.
“Okay, specifically where have you looked around here?” Officer Harrison asked.
“Let’s see, most of the rooms in the house. Outside, I checked the front and back yard. Oh, her car is still in the garage. She would not be able to get it out without moving my car from the driveway,” Peter replied.
“Okay sir, has anything else out of the ordinary occurred?” Officer Dunn asked.
“Well, soon after we moved in, Sarah started hearing strange things at night, such as voices at night,” Peter replied.
After a brief pause, Officer Harrison asked, “Did you hear any of the noises yourself?” 
“Oh, I just heard something that sounded like a sigh or something once, and a few nights ago a desk drawer slammed shut in the office,” Peter replied.
“You saw the desk slam shut?” Officer Dunn asked.
“No, but I heard it. Sarah was in the office and it slammed shut right in front of her. It shook her up quite a bit, you know,” Peter replied.
“Just a moment sir,” Officer Dunn said, stepping back and motioning to Office Harrison to come closer to talk privately.
The two officers whispered to each other for around thirty seconds. Afterward, Officer Dunn walked over to Peter and said “Peter, I going to ask you to go with Officer Harrison to the police station. We just have some more questions.”
“What about Sarah? Aren’t you going to look for Sarah? I want to look for her too,” Peter asked in a panic.
“I know you would like to help sir, but Scott will call in some help from the sheriff’s office to look around the house and the neighborhood. We just would like to get a statement from you at the station to help determine what has happened to Sarah,” Officer Dunn replied trying to calm Peter down.
Officer Harrison stepped back out onto the porch and talked into the radio handset attached to his shoulder strap. Peter paused a moment to sort things out in his mind. He closed his eyes, and took a deep breath. After opening his eyes, he said “Sure Officer Dunn, I’ll go to the station. Whatever it takes to help out here.”
“Keith, you can call me Keith, Peter. Why don’t you change, and then you and Scott can go to the police station,” Keith offers.
“Thanks, I’ll go change upstairs,” Peter replied as he starts to turn to head up the steps.
“Oh, bring your pajamas back to me after you have changed. We’ll need them for evidence,” Keith informed Peter.
“For evidence, am I a suspect?” Peter asked, turning back around with a puzzled look.
“Not yet, but this is quite strange so far, so I want to make sure we keep track of anything that may hold a clue,” Keith replied.
Peter sighed and shook his head, somewhat in disbelief. He then replied “Okay, I’ll go change. I won’t be too long and that’s all I will do upstairs, so you don’t think hiding anything.”
Keith nods and said “Okay Peter, I think you’ve got the idea. Oh, another thing that will help is if you can find a recent photo of Sarah that we can use.”
“Sure, I think there are some Photos upstairs, I’ll bring one down for you guys,” Peter replied as he continued toward the steps and continued up them. The creaking punctuated each step. About half way up he stopped for a moment and thought of Sarah.
Keith asked “Are you okay Peter?”
Peter sighed and answered “Yes, just thinking of Sarah again. Sorry, I’ll keep going.”
“That’s okay Peter. I know this is tough for you. We are here to help,” Keith replied.
Peter nodded and continued the rest of the way up the steps.

After about ten minutes, Peter came back down the steps. Scott was still waiting in the foyer.
Peter reached the bottom of the steps fully dressed carrying his pajamas in his left hand with a photo of Sarah on top that he had removed from a frame upstairs. As he extended the folded pajamas toward Scott, he said “Okay, here you go.”
“Thanks, Peter,” Scott said as he held a large manila envelope open to collect the pajamas, and he took the photo of Sarah off the top first.
After Peter placed the pajamas into the folder, he said “I’m ready now.”
“Sure Peter, let’s go to my car,” Scott said while sealing the folder and starting to step toward the front door.
“You aren’t going to handcuff me or anything like that, are you Scott?” Peter asked.
Scott shook his head and replied “No, we just need to get some formal information from you to follow up. The more background we have the better chance we’ll have at finding Sarah.”
“I know Scott. I’ll help as much as I can. Thank you,” Peter replied as he started toward the front door.
Scott propped the door open and let Peter pass through first. Keith was on the porch waiting for the sheriff deputies to assist with the search. Keith nodded to Peter as he and Scott walked across the porch. It was still raining, so Scott and Peter walked quickly to Scott’s car parked in the street. As they approach the car, Scott said “Sorry Peter, but its policy that only officers can ride in the front, so you will have to ride in the back.”
“Sure Scott, I understand,” Peter replied as Scott opened the rear door and motioned for Peter to get inside.
Peter got into the back seat, and Scott closed the door behind him. Scott then walked quickly to the driver’s side and climbed inside. After starting the car up, he pulled away from the curb and drove toward the police station.



XV

Scott and Peter arrived at the brick police station in downtown Wharton. Scott pulled the police car into the small lot along side the building and parked in a spot near the building. Scott shut off the car and got out and puts his hat back on. He then opened the rear door to let Peter out of the car.
“Okay Peter, you can get out now,” Scott told Peter.
“Sure Scott,” Peter replied as he slid over to the edge of the seat to make his way out of the back seat. He then stood up.
“Where do you need me to go?” Peter asked.
“Let’s go around to the front door Peter,” Scott replied, while tilting his head to gesture toward the front of the building.
They walked around to the front of the building. Scott opened the front door and held it for Peter. The two walked up to the front desk. The woman behind the counter could see the two of them.
When Scott reached the counter, he said “Hi Rachael, I need to use one of the interview rooms with Peter here. Oh, and let Mark know I’ll be with Peter Corbin in the room. Thanks.”
“Sure, I’ll let Mark know,” Rachael said, smiling at the two of them.
Scott led Peter to the left, past the front desk. They stopped in front of a door to their left with a translucent glass window in it.
Scott reached in his pocket, and said “Just a minute, let me get the door here.”
He removed a set of keys and sorted through them. After choosing one, he unlocked the door. 
He held it open for Peter, and said “Okay Peter, just have a seat in here. I’m going to see if I can find Mark, who is the Chief. Oh, would you like some coffee?”
“Thanks Scott, black coffee will be fine,” Peter replied walking into the room and toward one of the four chairs around a rectangular table.
Scott closed the door behind him, leaving Peter alone in the room. Peter took a seat in one of the chairs at the table. There was not much for him to look at in the room. Everything seemed barren. The lighting was a simple fluorescent fixture above him and the door had the only window. There was a large mirror on one wall. He realized this may be a two-way mirror, like he had seen in TV shows before. The walls were covered with acoustical tiles, probably so he could not hear what people were saying outside. After he had a chance to settle in a bit, he remembered why he was there. Where was Sarah? Was it possible that he did something to her while he was drunk during the night? He noticed that his head was hurting and his stomach was uneasy from the hangover, which was now beginning to hit him hard. He rubbed his forehead a few times with his eyes closed. Could the police think that he was guilty? What should he say to them? And maybe what should he NOT say to them? Peter took a deep breath and closed his eyes. The room was too quiet, he noticed. He could even hear his heartbeat, which seemed to be getting faster. Where did Scott go, and how long would he be waiting. He just wanted to get back home and continue to look for Sarah. He closed his eyes again and took another long deep breath. After slowly exhaling, he found himself calming down just a bit. He really could not solve anything in here alone. He knew he might just as well try to relax and wait for Scott to come back, maybe with Mark as well. Hopefully they would be able to help. He just stared at a tear in an acoustical tile.

After several minutes had passed, Peter heard the door knob. He stopped staring at the torn tile and focused on the door. The door opened, and he could see Scott and another uniformed officer. The two officers walked into the room and took the seats on the opposite side of the rectangular table. Scott sat to Peter’s left, and the other officer, likely Mark, sat to his right. In addition to a cup of coffee, Scott had a note pad that he placed on the table in front of him. Scott then set the cup of coffee in front of Peter.
After seated, Scott started by saying “Um, Peter this is Chief Mark Campbell. He’ll be sitting in with me on this interview, if that is okay?”
“Sure, that’s fine with me. Hello Chief Campbell,” Peter replied.
Officer Campbell nodded his head, and replied “Peter.”
Mark took audible breath, and then asked Peter “You and your wife Sarah are new to town, correct?”
“Yes, that’s correct. We just moved here last week from Farmington,” Peter replied.
“And where are you employed?” Mark continued.
“I work as a realtor with WHN Realty. I work with Carl Bishop and Phyllis Carlton,” Peter replied.
“Does Sarah have a job in town too?” Mark asked.
“Yes, she works as a retail clerk at the clothing store on Main Street. I can’t remember the name of the place right now. I’ve actually never been inside it yet,” Peter replied.
Mark was focused on the middle of the table for a moment then looked at Peter.
He asked “Okay next Peter, what we need from you is to basically retrace your steps from yesterday, to see if there is anything that will help us locate your wife Sarah.”
“Fair enough, where would you like me to start?” Peter asked.
“Let’s start in the morning. Do you two get up at the same time?” Mark asked.
Peter could see that Scott was jotting down a few notes.
Peter took a sip of coffee then replied “well, we stagger it a bit, since we just have one shower. Sarah gets up first, and then I get up. She starts her job before I do.” 
“So whose car is in the driveway and whose is in the garage?” Scott asked.
“Well, normally my car is in the garage, but since we went to the party last night, it’s my car that’s in the driveway and Sarah’s car is in the garage,” Peter replied.
Scott continued to record notes on the pad.
“Did you eat breakfast together in the morning?” Mark asked.
“Well, we did cross paths in the morning, as we usually do. She starts eating before I get downstairs after my shower,” Peter replied.
“Was there anything out of the ordinary that morning?’ Mark asked.
Peter shook his head, and replied “No, not that I can think of. It was a usual morning, although we have really only been in the routine for the past week though.”
“Oh yeah, um . . . did you talk to Sarah before that evening?” Mark asked.
“Yes, we met for lunch at the Chilton River Inn,” Peter replied.
“Anything strange happen while you were at lunch?” Mark asked.
Peter paused, and thought to himself for a moment.
He then replied “Well, nothing happened while we were at lunch, but we did talk on the way back from the restaurant. She surprised me a bit by saying she really didn’t feel she was fitting in here.”
“She felt like she wasn’t fitting in. How so?” Scott asked.
Peter sighed, and replied “Well you see, we moved here because I really wanted live in a small town, since I grew up in one, you know. Sarah is used to bigger towns or cities. So living here is . . . well different than she is used to. I don’t know much more than that, since she just told me today.”
“Was there anything else about that conversation that you remember?” Mark asked.
Peter thought for a moment, and replied “No, other than that I tried to convince her to keep giving this town a try, since we have only been here a short time. She agreed, and then we both went back to work.”
“Then you saw Sarah again last evening after work?” Mark asked.
“Yes, she was there when I came home. She had been looking through things in the downstairs office in the house. You see, the previous owner left many of the furnishing in the house, including a desk full of papers. Sarah was just sorting through things again when I got home,” Peter replied.
“You and Sarah went to a party then?” Mark asked.
“Well, first we had a quick dinner and then we went to the party. It was at Carl Bishop’s house. Again, he’s the realtor I work with. He and his wife had invited Sarah and me over to meet some business associates and their spouses,” Peter replied.
He then took another sip of coffee. Mark whispered to Scott for a moment. Scott nodded, got up, and left the room. He shut the door behind him after he was out of the room.
Mark said “Pardon me Peter. I’m just going to have Scott check something out.”
Mark continued “Okay Peter, according to Scott, it sounds like you had too much to drink at this party.”
“Well, yes sir I did,” Peter admits and adds “I knew I had too much, so I let Sarah drive home.”
“That’s smart at least. Tell me about the party,” Mark asked.
Peter shut his eyes for a moment and rubbed his forehead.
Afterward he explained “Sorry, I’m still feeling the hangover pretty hard right now. Anyway let’s see, we got to the party at Carl’s house around six forty five or so. We had met some of the people before, but not their spouses. Carl introduced us to the guests, and then we mingled and obviously I drank a bit too.”
“Does anything happen at the party that stands out?” Mark asked.
Peter sighed, shook his head, and replied “Well, after a certain point my memory of the party is a little fuzzy. Hmm . . . nothing is coming to mind though. Nothing that I can remember being strange.”
“So you and Sarah left the party. Do you know approximately when you left?” Mark asked.
“If I had to guess, I would have to say around midnight, but it’s only a guess,” Peter replied.
“Then Sarah drove the two of you home?” Mark asked.
“Yeah, we got home, parked in the driveway, and went to the back door, if I can remember correctly. She helped me upstairs, and also helped me into bed. My memory was flashing in and out. I remember seeing things just for a moment. I may have blacked out or something,” Peter responded.
“Okay, then tell me what you do remember after you were in bed last night,” Mark asked.
“Well, Sarah was in the bed originally. Then she must have needed to go to the bathroom, because I saw her go into the bathroom off our bedroom, you know. She did turn on the light and closed the door. I think she may have been throwing up some in there,” Peter replied.
“You think she may have been sick?” Mark asked.
“I guess so, as I told Scott, it doesn’t take much alcohol to get her sick,” Peter replied.
“Is there anything after that you can remember?” Mark asked.
“Hmm . . . I do remember hearing some noises, but I didn’t look around to see what they were. Let’s see, I think there may have been something like foot steps creaking on the floor. You know it is an old house and it is hard to sneak around in it,” Peter replied.
“Did you hear any other noises?” Mark asked.
Peter sighed and said “I think so. I vaguely remember something like a muffled thump or something strange like that. Though at that point I suppose it’s possible I could have imagined it. I can guarantee it’ll be quite awhile before I drink again. My stomach still is in knots and my head aches.”
“Okay, Scott mentioned that you woke up on the floor in the foyer of your house, correct?” Mark asked.
“Yes, I did. I have no idea how I got there or what I was doing. The last thing I remember was being in the bed and maybe hearing a few things,” Peter responded.
“You really do not remember anything about how you ended up on the floor, Peter?” Mark asked with slight sense of doubt.
Peter shook his head, and replied “Honestly, I have no idea. If I had a clue, I would tell you.”
“Now, do you think that your wife could have any enemies?” Mark asked.
Peter thought for a moment, and said “No, she was well liked at her job in Farmington as far as I know, and she was out with coworkers from the new place she works just a few nights ago. We have not been here long enough to make enemies, have we?”
“I just have to ask, Peter. Anything else that you think may be helpful?” Mark asked.
“Well Sarah had been hearing voices at night in the house. I really didn’t hear much myself, but she is not the type to lie about that kind of thing. Oh, and she did say she found some information about the previous homeowner just before we left for the party,” Peter answers.
“Do you think these voices could have anything to do with her disappearance?” Mark asked.
Peter was a bit stunned by the question, partially due to the word “disappearance.”  It took him a few seconds before he can respond with “I’m not sure if it has anything to do with it. I just wanted to mention it. I have heard the house did have some people disappear from it in the past.”
“What’s the address for the house?” Mark asked.
“65 Fourth Street, I believe the previous owner was a Mildred Kroft or something like that,” Peter responded.
Mark paused a moment to think. He then said “I do remember that name. You may be right about that.”
Mark said “Well Peter, can you wait here a while longer? I need to go over some things with Scott for a bit.”
Peter sighed, and said “Yeah, I can stay. I do want to get home before too long and start looking for Sarah again.”
“Thanks Peter, I’ll try to keep this time short,” Mark replied as he stood up from the chair.
He pushed the chair under the table and then walked to the door.
Before he reached the door, Mark turned around and asked “Oh, are you feeling well enough to eat anything yet? Since it is close to lunchtime, I could see if I could get you something.”
“Thanks for offering, but I have to pass. My stomach’s just not ready for food yet. I’m not even sure the coffee will stay down,” Peter replied.
“Okay, again I’ll be back in a few minutes,” Mark commented.
Mark opened the door and walked out into the hallway. He closed the door behind himself leaving Peter alone again in the room.

The room was quiet once again. The sound proofing must work, Peter thought, since he could hear very little of what was going on outside. With the silence, he began to think about his situation again. Where could Sarah be? Could her disappearance be related in any way to the previous ones? Hopefully the police would be able to help. He wondered how many people were looking for her. The police did mention getting the sheriff office involved, so at least it was more than just a few. Peter sighed again. He took another sip of the coffee, which was now about room temperature, but the caffeine would help the hangover a bit, he figured. He tilted his head back and closed his eyes.

After what seemed like half an hour, the door opened again. Both Scott and Mark entered the room. They took the same seats as they did in the earlier session. Scott has his notepad with him again.
Mark cleared his throat and told Peter “We contacted a few people who were at the party you attended last night. One person mentioned that you and Sarah got into an argument before you left. Do you remember this?”
“Oh yeah, we did have a few words. I had been working with this appraiser, who is a single woman, last week and she was at the party. I guess I had been talking with her at the party and Sarah apparently got a bit jealous about it. We worked things out though. I told Sarah I’ll keep things professional with this woman, and that I would deal with her mostly by phone, rather than in person,” Peter replied.
“Who is this appraiser?” Mark asked.
“Colleen Phillips,” Peter replied.
“Okay. Well Peter, I have to tell you that I’m not sure what’s going on here, but I just get a feeling that there’s something you are not telling us,” Mark said.
Peter was stunned for a moment. His mouth opened slightly. He noticed that Scott was looking away from him, and away from Mark.
Peter asked “Like what do you think I’m not telling you?”
“I just have a feeling that you know something more about what happened after you went to bed,” Mark said while Scott stared downward toward the table.
Peter put his head down and moved his hand to his forehead. After sighing again and looking back up at the two officers, he replied “Honestly, I’m telling you everything I remember from last night. If I knew more I would tell you. I was drunk. I just don’t remember!”
The room was quite for a moment.
Peter then realized that he could be in trouble, so he said “Well, I had no idea I would need to say this, but I think I would be better off with a lawyer now.”
Mark nodded his head and said “Okay Peter, do you have one you can contact yet?”
Peter shook his head and said “No.”
Scott pipes up and asked “Is there anyone in town you can ask for a recommendation?”
Mark turned to look toward Scott for a moment.
Peter replied “I suppose if anyone knows it would be Carl. Can I try to contact Carl please?”
“Okay Peter, go with Scott, and you can use the phone at his desk,” Mark replied.
They got up from their chairs and began walking toward the door. Mark opened the door and held it for Scott and Peter to exit the room.
Scott pointed to a desk in the middle of the room and said “My desk is over here. You can sit in the chair behind the desk if you would like. Just dial a nine to get an outside line.”
“Thanks Scott,” Peter replied as he made his way to Scott’s desk.
The desk was fairly neat, but there were a few papers lying on top. Peter sat in the chair, and then he picked up the phone. He dialed Carl’s home number first. The phone rang a few times.
A woman answers the phone and said “Hello.”
“Hello Mary, this is Peter, Peter Corbin. I’m down at the police station now. Is Carl at home?” Peter asked.
“Oh Peter, we are so sorry to hear that Sarah is missing. Yes, Carl is here. He stayed home today to see if there is anything he could do to help you. Let me call him to the phone, just a minute,” Mary offered.
“Thank you Mary,” Peter replied. He could hear a muffled call for Carl in the background followed by some footsteps.
Someone picked up the phone and said “Hello Peter, it is good to hear from you. We both feel so sorry for you. It was my fault about last night. I just kept pouring you more and more martinis. I just feel awful Peter.”
“Carl, you weren’t forcing me to drink. I did that on my own. Anyway, I’m at the police station, and I don’t really like how things are looking for me. Do you know a lawyer who could help me now?” Peter asked.
“A lawyer, let’s see. Oh, that would be Laura. Her name is Laura Monroe. She has been practicing law around here for at least five years now,” Carl replied.
“Sarah seemed to be a bit upset with Colleen, especially since she was single. So it might be better if Laura were married, you know,” Peter commented.
Carl chuckled a bit and replied “Well, you can relax. Laura is married. Tell you what, I can take care of contacting her, and I can have her meet you at the police station, if that’s okay with you?” Carl asked.
“Sure Carl that should work. Thanks so much for your support,” Peter replied.
“Oh, it’s the least I can do for you Peter. Please take at least a few days off, just keep in touch and let me know how I can help,” Carl said.
“Well, if I figure out where to start looking for Sarah, I’ll see if I can get people to help,” Peter replied.
“I will be there for you, Peter. Also, I’ll see if I can get others to help out as well. For now, I’ll contact Laura and get her to meet you soon,” Carl adds.
“Thanks again, Carl. Take care,” Peter said.
“You take care too, Peter. Goodbye,” Carl said.
“Goodbye, Carl,” Peter said just before he hung up the phone.
He remained at the desk. Scott noticed that Peter is off the phone, so he started walking toward his desk. When Scott reached the desk, he sat on the edge and asked “Were you able to find a lawyer Peter?”
“Yeah, my supervisor Carl is going to have one come over here to meet me. Thanks for letting me use your phone,” Peter replied.
“No problem Peter,” Scott adds.
“Did you want me to move to another chair so you can use your desk?” Peter asked.
“Well, that’s up to you. I don’t need it this minute anyway,” Scott replied.
Peter started to get up and offered “I’ll just move somewhere else for now. I can just try one of the chairs in the walkway along the wall there.”
“Sure, just let me know if you need anything, Peter,” Scott commented.
As Peter started to walk toward the chair, he turns back around, and asked “Scott, do you think I’m telling the truth?”
Scott looked up from the desk chair he just sat in and replied “Well legally I’m not sure how much I should say, but other than a few strange things you have described, it seems plausible so far.”
Peter nodded and replied “Thanks Scott that helps.”
Scott nodded in acknowledgement. Peter turned and continued walking toward the chair. He reached the chair and he took a seat. Peter closed his eyes and leaned his head against the wall. His head ached, and he was still in disbelief of everything that had happened.



XVI

Peter remained in the seat for about another half an hour. His head was still leaning back against the wall behind the bench. In the background, Peter could occasionally hear the muffled sound of Rachael working dispatch. With his eyes still shut, he could hear the sound of someone entering through the front door. He brought his head forward and opened his eyes. A woman was walking up to the front desk. She removed her sunglasses as she reached the desk. Before she said anything, she made eye contact with Peter. He remembered that he was a new face around this town. The woman said something to Rachael and pointed back toward him. Rachael nodded and turned to look at him. The woman then made her way towards Peter. Peter stood up as the woman approached him. 
She extended her hand and said “You must be Peter. I’m Laura Monroe.”
Peter reached his hand to shake Laura’s hand, and replied “Yes, I’m Peter Corbin. Thanks so much for coming. I really didn’t like where the questioning was going and I felt I needed to talk with a lawyer.”
“Well, that’s why I’m here, Peter,” Laura replied.
Mark approached the two of them and said “Hello Laura. So you are going to be helping Peter?”
“Yes I am. So is he done here, Mark?” She asked looking directly at him.
Mark paused for a moment, and said “Well, I suppose we don’t have enough to charge him yet. We may have more questions for him, so don’t let him go to far, okay?”
“Guilty until proven innocent, huh?” Laura replied with a slight smirk.
Mark sighed and then said “He is free to go.”
“Thank you Mark,” she replied, while leading Peter toward the front desk.
“I take it you were brought here from your house and you need a ride to home?” She asked Peter.
“Yeah, I’ll need a ride. Could you drop me off please?”  Peter asked.
“Sure, I was planning on it. If you can spare some time when we get to your house, we can go over some of the details of this case,” Laura offered as they made their way to the front door of the police station.
“That should work. I can try to bring you up to speed with what I told the police. Maybe you can help figure out where my wife Sarah is, too,” Peter replied as he held the door for Laura.
Laura sighed and said “Peter, I will do what I can, but finding a missing person is not my specialty.”
The two walked through the door and Peter replied “Well, I think anything will help at this point.”
Laura pointed to the lot around the building and said “My car is in the lot here. It’s the blue sedan right there.”
They walked toward the car. Once both of them were in the car, she started it. 
“Okay, were do you live, Peter?” She asked.
“Oh, the address is 65 Fourth Street. It shouldn’t be too far,” Peter replied.
“No, it’s not too far and I know about where it is,” she replied as she put the car into gear and backed out of the parking space. They then drive toward Peter and Sarah’s house.

When they approach Peter and Sarah’s house, they could see one sheriff car still in front of the house and yellow police tape surrounding the house. Peter let out an audible sigh when he saw the tape, since he was reminded that Sarah was still missing. Laura pulls the car along the curb in front of the house and the two of them get out of the car. Laura took a legal pad and pen with her from the car. As they made their way to the sidewalk toward the front walk, a uniformed man in a wide brimmed hat begins walking from the front door toward them. The two duck under the yellow police tape and greet the uniformed man on the front walk.
“Are you Peter Corbin, sir?” The uniformed man asked.
“Yes, I’m Peter Corbin, and this is my attorney Laura Monroe,” Peter replied.
“Ma’am,” he said as he tipped his head downward to acknowledge Laura. “My name is Sheriff Gordon Hughes. I have been taking the lead of the search of your residence. The others have left and I’m just finishing up.”
“Have you found Sarah or at least any clues as to where she could be?” Peter asked.
Gordon replied “Well, sorry to tell you that we have been unable to find anything that would lead us to locate your wife Peter.”
“So you didn’t find any clues or anything strange in the whole house?” Peter asked.
“Let’s see, we did investigate the spot in the foyer where you said you awoke this morning and the upstairs bathroom where you said that you last heard your wife. From that we did not find anything out of the ordinary. As for the rest of the house and the property, we didn’t find anything else,” Gordon replied.
Peter sighed, looked down, and said “Wow, you couldn’t find anything to help, huh?”
“Well, the only thing that surprised me a bit was how cold the basement is. It’s actually kind of refreshing in this heat you know,” Gordon adds.
“Yeah, but that will not find her I guess. Is there anything else I can help with?” Peter asked.
“No, probably not. Officer Campbell took your statement, correct?” Gordon asked.
Peter nods and said “Yes, I told him what I remember, which actually isn’t much, since I was drunk and passed out last night. I just feel like this is my fault.”
“Peter it’s not your fault. Don’t keep blaming yourself,” Laura reminded him.
“Well, hopefully we will be able to find her soon Peter,” Gordon reached in his shirt pocket and removed a business card. “Here’s my card Peter. Please contact me or anyone in the Wharton police station if you can think of anything that could help.”
Peter took the card and said “Thanks Gordon, I will let you know. Oh, this may seem a bit weird, but when you were searching the house, did you see any sign that the house may be haunted?”
Gordon was slightly taken aback by the question, but he responded “Honestly, we did not really search the house with that in mind. Though, I didn’t see or hear anything that I can remember that would have indicated that it is haunted. I’m not even sure what I believe about that stuff anyway.”
“But the basement is unusually cool, right?” Peter asked.
“Well, that it is, but I’m sure there’s something other than a supernatural reason for it,” Gordon replied.
“Well, thanks for your help Gordon. I’ll give you a call if I can think of anything else that might help. I just want to find Sarah now,” Peter said.
“I know this has got to be difficult, Peter. We have our best men and women working on the case,” Gordon reminded Peter.
“If anyone can find Sarah, it’ll be Gordon and his deputies. Mark and the other officers will do a fine job as well,” Laura added.
“Thanks Laura. Peter, you have a very good lawyer. She keeps us honest,” Gordon said with a smile.
“I try Gordon, I try,” Laura said, smiling back at Gordon.
“Well, Peter, again just call me if you need anything. Take care,” he said as he nodded slightly and began to walk toward his patrol car.
“Thanks again, Gordon,” Peter said.
“See you later, Gordon,” Laura said as Gordon passes by.
Peter and Laura looked at each other, and started walking toward the front steps then onto the front porch. The door was still unlocked and partially open. Peter pushed the door open the rest of the way and held if for open for Laura. They walked into the foyer. Peter closed the front door behind them, and it squeaked as it shut. Peter turns toward the living room.
He pointed toward the living room with his hand and offered “Would the living room be okay to talk Laura?”
“That should work fine Peter,” Laura replied as they began walking toward the living room.
As the two walked into the living room, Laura commented “Didn’t you two just move into this house recently? Everything in here seems like it belongs here.”
“Oh, that’s because most of the furniture was here before we moved here. We only brought a few pieces from our old apartment,” Peter replied as they made there way to a set of chairs near the front window.
“Why would someone leave that much furniture in a house?” Laura asked as she sat in one of the chairs.
“Well, as I understand it, the house was owned by the sister of the previous owner. The previous owner was a Mildred Kroft. After she was declared dead, her sister got possession of the house. The sister was . . . let’s see . . . oh yeah, Delores Winter. I guess Delores had enough furniture in her house, and she just wanted to sell the house. So she ended up selling it with most of the furniture in it. I guess she just removed a few meaningful things and left the rest,” Peter replied as he took the other chair near the window.
“Mildred Kroft, why is that name familiar to me? Wait, wasn’t that the older woman who disappeared a few years ago?” Laura asked.
“Yes, that’s what I was told. I guess her husband disappeared in the mid eighties, too,” Peter replied.
“And now your wife Sarah has disappeared from the same house? What do the police think about a connection between them?” Laura asked.
“Not much of a connection as far as I can tell. The police know about it, but I’m not even sure Gordon even knows about it. Perhaps I should let him know about it,” Peter replied.
“Oh, I can talk with him about that next time I see him. That’s an interesting angle though. That may help take some of the heat off you at least. I’ll see if I can steer them to investigate the past before they go after you too seriously,” Laura replied.
“Wow that would be nice if they would look for what really happened. I really don’t think I had anything to do with her disappearance. I know I was drunk and I only remember a few things from last night, but I can’t imagine that I would have done anything to harm Sarah,” Peter commented.
“Okay Peter, lets go over the details. I know I’ll be able to get the notes and other evidence from the police and sheriff offices, but I want to hear it from you. The more I know, the better I’ll be able to defend you and make sure they don’t even charge you,” Laura said as she prepared her notepad and pen for taking notes.
“Sounds good to me. Where would you like me to start?” Peter asked.
“Well, my guess is that the police started asking about yesterday, so let’s go back to when you moved here or maybe even when you were told about the house,” Laura suggests.
“Sure, I’ll start with our visit to the Wharton, and the meeting with Carl Bishop,” Peter replied.
“Okay, you may start then,” Laura said as she begins to take notes.
Peter related what happened to Laura, from the meeting with Carl until this morning and the meeting with the police.

When Peter was finished telling Laura what he remembered, Laura wanted to go back to something he alluded to earlier.
Laura paused a moment and asked Peter “Okay, when Sheriff Hughes was here, you asked him about this house being haunted. Do you think that it is?”
Peter took a deep breath and replied “Well, honestly I’m not too sure about it myself. I have heard a few strange things. It was Sarah that was hearing voices usually at night. I apparently managed to sleep through most of the things she heard, though. The only thing I actually heard was something that sounded a bit like a sigh, and that was only once.”
“But it was Sarah that was hearing most of the voices and other sounds?” Laura asked.
“Yes, again, I really didn’t hear too much. Oh, she was looking though the offices a few nights ago and a desk drawer slammed shut,” Peter tells Laura.
“Did you see the drawer shut yourself or did only Laura see it?” She asked.
“I heard it shut, but I was in this room and Sarah screamed right after I heard it shut,” Peter answers.
Laura paused again and asked Peter carefully “Do you think there’s any possibility that Sarah could have been imagining the voices and maybe shut the drawer herself?”
Peter stared down for a moment and took a deep breath. After thinking for several seconds he answered “Well, I suppose it could be possible, but I don’t think that’s something she would do. It’s just not like her to do that.”
Laura carefully continued “Peter, to help figure out what happened to Sarah we will need to determine her mental state.”
Peter nodded his head slowly and answered “Yeah, I guess you are right. She didn’t have any mental problems that I new of. I’m not sure she was totally happy here, but I thought she was ready to keep giving it a try at least.”
“Okay Peter, I should have enough for now. Are you going to be okay?” Laura asked.
Peter paused and replied “I really don’t know. I’m really starting to feel very alone and basically useless, since I don’t know where Sarah is.” 
He then sighed.
“Peter, the police and sheriff offices are working very hard on this case. There probably is not much else you can do now,” Laura responded.
“Oh, have you thought about contacting her relatives?” Laura asked.
“I suppose I should call them. Her parents are in Arizona, so I don’t know if they would come or anything like that. I may even wait until tomorrow, just on the chance this is just some kind of misunderstanding,” Peter replied.
“Any chance they may know where she is?” Laura asked.
“I really don’t think she would just leave me like this and go to them. I’ll still wait until tomorrow to call them,” Peter said as he stood up. “Thanks so much for your help, Laura. There are so many questions I have on this, but at least you are able to calm me down enough to deal with things rationally.”
“Just trying to help, Peter,” she replied as she stood up from her chair as well.
They walked together to the foyer. Laura reached in a pocket and removed a business card. She then handed it to Peter.
“Please call me if you can think of anything else or if you have any more questions,” she said.
“I will Laura and thanks again,” Peter said reaching for the front door.
He pulled the door open, and Laura said “You take care, Peter, and call me tomorrow to let me know how you are doing, okay?”
“I’ll call you tomorrow. Goodbye,” Peter said as she walked out onto the porch.
“Goodbye Peter,” she said turning around slightly as she made her way across the porch.
Peter shut the door behind her. He found himself staring at the window pane in the door for what may have been a minute or so. He shut his eyes and the headache pain became more apparent. The hangover still was affecting him. He wanted to look for Sarah some more, but realized there was not much he could do now. Especially in the condition he was in. He was both physically and emotionally drained. After a wide yawn, he decided to go to bed and get up early the next morning to search for Sarah again. He took a deep breath, closed his eyes and exhaled. Afterward, he turned and began to slowly walk up the steps to his bedroom.



XVII

Lying in bed, he began to realize that his mind was racing, as he thought about Sarah and where she could be. He wanted to get some sleep, but for a change, he was having trouble relaxing enough to fall asleep. There were occasional creaks from outside the room that caught his attention, nothing too strange at least. He tossed and turned for what seemed like hours. Finally, he was aware that he was drifting in and out of sleep. With his eyes shut, he could hear something that was like footsteps outside of the bedroom in the hall. He kept his eyes shut, but focused his ears on the noises. Next there was something that almost sounded like one of the doors opening, followed by more footsteps getting closer. Still very tired he found himself drifting off to sleep.
Later, he was slightly awake again. Lying on his side, he felt some kind of weight against his back. It was almost like someone was lying next to him. Startled, his eyes opened quickly, but he did not move. Still feeling the weight he quickly rolled over to look next to him. With the room very dark, and only the moon and street lights providing faint light, it was difficult to identify any objects.  He could see the sheet next to him fluttering down, as if someone had just left. He then realized the weight was gone too. His heart was beating fast and he was breathing nervously. Was someone or something next to him in the bed, or was he just imagining everything?  He then noticed that the bedroom door was partially open. He shook his head as he tried to remember if he had shut it or not. He closed his eyes again and took a deep breath as he tried to calm down. After a minute or so he found that he was a bit calmer. He then rested his head again, and was quickly able to get back to sleep.

From the filtered light on the back of his eyelids, Peter realized that it was now morning. His head felt much better, and even with all of the trouble during the night, he did feel ready to get up and look for Sarah. He opened his eyes and dropped his legs to the floor. He noticed the bedroom door was now closed. He then remembered what had happened during the night. With the door closed, he started to think that maybe something being in his bed and the door being partially open was part of a dream. He closed his eyes for a moment, took a deep breath, and reopened his eyes. Daylight brightened the room through the front window. He then stood up and walked toward the bathroom door. He opened the door and walked into the bathroom to take a shower.
After taking his shower, he got dressed in older housework clothes for searching. He headed to the hallway from the bedroom. The floorboards creaked under his feet as he walked toward the stairway. With his head now clearer, he started to plan out what to do during the day to look for Sarah. As he began down the stairs, he decided to get a quick breakfast, and afterward he would start looking around the house again. Perhaps the police and sheriff department missed something. He had to continue looking at least. When he reached the bottom of the stairs he made his way down the hall toward the kitchen.

After fixing a cup of coffee and a bowl of cereal, Peter rinsed the dishes in the sink, and then placed them on the counter. He turned away from the sink and propped his back against the counter for a moment. Staring across the kitchen, he tried to remember anything he could from the evening that could help him find Sarah. He recalled her going into the bathroom. Later, the only other thing he remembered was hearing, or at least he thought he heard, was footsteps in the hall, and maybe going down the steps. Maybe she had heard some voices again and went to investigate. He nodded his head to himself a few times, and pushed himself away from the counter. He walked past the back door toward the office. The door to the office was closed. Maybe the police shut it after searching, he guessed.
He pushes the door open. Looking around the room, he noticed the desk drawers were shut. The files and papers on the desk looked like someone had gone through them. Probably the police again, he though. He stepped further into the room and examined at other items in the room. The file cabinet near the door was shut like the desk drawers. It may have been searched, but other than that, the room appeared normal. Finding nothing unusual in the office, he turned around, ready to look elsewhere. As he reached the doorway, he remembered the files that Sarah had been researching before she disappeared. He turned back and stared at the drawer that apparently slammed shut. He noted to himself that he would have to look at the files himself, to see if he could figure out what she found.
He then faced the doorway again, walked out of the door, and headed to the family room. He stood in the family room for a moment and scanned the room for any clues. Some things did look disturbed, likely from the police search again, he figured. Seeing nothing that would help he moved onto the living room. He had been in the living room the evening before with Sarah, and similar to the family room, he did not notice anything strange. He shook his head as he stood in the living room.
After a sigh he moved onto the foyer. As he made his way into the foyer, he slowed his steps as he remembered waking up on the floor. He then looked toward the front door, which had been open that morning. Could she have left through the front door? Maybe he had heard something then was following her down the stairs toward the door, and then he just passed out or something. He gradually realized Sarah could have left him. Maybe she really did feel like she did not fit in here and just needed to get away. He took a deep breath as he continued to think about any signs indicating that she may have wanted to leave. He remembered that she did want to go out to the bar Wednesday. Could she have met someone at the bar? She also was pretty upset with him after drinking too much at the party Saturday. Peter closed his eyes, and tried to calm down with a deep breath again.
After opening his eyes again, he walked to the front door. He opened it and found the local paper sitting rolled up on the porch near the doormat. He picked it up and removed the rubber band. There on the front page was photo of Sarah that he had given to the police, on the front page with an article about her missing. Closing the front door, he took the paper with him as he walked toward the kitchen table looking into a few rooms along the way. He made his way toward the sitting room and stopped when he reached the threshold. After taking a quick scan around the sitting room, he headed back toward the kitchen. He also paused to take a quick look into the dining room.
In the kitchen, he sat in one of the chairs at the small kitchen table. He unfolded the paper on the kitchen table and began to read the article about Sarah carefully. The facts seemed accurate, as far as he can remember. It does note that no good clues or suspects have been found in the disappearance and that people could contact the local police with any tips. Without really learning anything new, Peter felt disappointed. He stared out the back window for a while and then changed toward the basement door. He knew he needed a moment to plan what to do next. Nodding his head slightly as he again stared back out of the window at the backyard, he mentally noted the places he wants to check, like the basement, the yard and the garage.
After a few minutes of sitting at the small kitchen table, he stood up. He decided he would check the basement first, so he walked toward the basement door. When he pulled it open, it creaked loud enough that he stared at the hinges as it opened. For some reason, the creaking seemed louder than he remembered. He slowly continued through the basement door threshold. He reached for the light switch to turn on the light. Maybe his eyes were adjusted to the fairly bright sunlit room, but the basement lights seemed dim to him as he began to walk down the steps. The wooden steps creaked as he carefully stepped further down into the basement. It still appeared dark to him. He paused to blink for a moment hoping that his eyes would adjust to the darker lighting. The large gravity furnace loomed into view to his left as he approached the bottom of the stairway.
He reached the basement floor next to the furnace. Standing near the bottom of the steps, he started looking around, and was drawn to the furnace for some reason. As he stared at it, he heard something moving from further into the basement. There was a loud metallic clanging sound, followed by something metal rolling. He turned slightly to see the metal pipe that he found on the floor a few nights before rolling toward him. He was stunned as it came to rest against his right foot. His heart began to race and he breathing went erratic. Goosebumps emerged on all over his body. After staring at the pipe for a minute or so he slowly bent down to pick it up with his right hand. Holding the pipe, he gazed over toward the workbench area. The two bare light bulbs in the basement did not cast much light in that area, especially with the coating of singed dust resting on them. A blotchy dark vertical shadow could be seen near the workbench and the furnace. It appeared to move very slowly from the near end of the workbench to behind the furnace. It disappeared into the dark recesses behind the furnace. Did he see a ghost? Peter was still stunned. His breathing was still irregular and he could feel his heart beating frantically, both in reaction to what he observed. A feeling of uneasiness consumed him as he came to the realization that there was something happening in this house that he does not understand. Trying to calm down, he closed his eyes. He forced himself to slow his breathing. While still trying to control his breathing he opened his eyes occasionally to make sure nothing else is in the basement again. Gradually, the Goosebumps disappeared, and his breathing and heart beat returned to at least tolerable levels. He felt the need to get a closer look behind the furnace where the shadowy figure disappeared.
After slowly making his way toward the workbench on the far side of the furnace, he observed that it was very dark behind the furnace, due to some areas where the light was blocked by the massive furnace. A flashlight might help. He recalled seeing one on the workbench before, so he got closer to look for it. After setting the pipe back down on the bench, he scanned the cluttered top, but the flashlight was not there. He could swear that it had been there before. Perhaps there was another one somewhere nearby. He reached for the top drawer of the workbench and sure enough, there was a flashlight. It was an old metal one, unlike the missing one, but it would work. He reached in the drawer and removed it. The batteries still worked when he turned it on. It was somewhat dim, but usable at least. He then pointed the flashlight behind the furnace. Spider webs hung from the ceiling joists. The rusty metal wall with the thin vertical ribs between the steel panels extended from the floor to the ceiling. With the circular pattern of light cast by the flashlight into various regions behind the furnace, he realized that other than being creepy, whatever form he saw earlier was no longer behind the furnace. He really believed he did see something, but what was it? He could only shake his head. For now he wanted to get away from this room and sort out what to do next. After turning the flashlight off and setting it on the workbench, he took another deep breath, looked at the steps, and walked toward them. With the help of the stair railing, he carefully made his way back up the steps. As he reached about half way up the stairs, he paused a moment and looked behind himself. He had not heard anything, but he just felt he needed to check to see if anything was following him. He was relieved to not see anything. So he turned back toward the top of the steps, and continued upward. As he neared the top of the stairs and was about to pass through the doorway, he could hear a mid-range metallic ping coming from behind him in the basement. He paused for a moment, but decided to continue into the small hallway adjacent to the kitchen and the backdoor. Once in the hallway, he closed the basement door behind him to hopefully keep whatever he saw from getting to the upper levels of the house. Though he realized that would be unlikely to stop it, whatever it really was. He returned to the seat at the kitchen table. Staring at the photo of Sarah in the paper, he thought about ways to have more people see it so they can help look for her. Maybe fliers or signs would help. That could be something that Carl could help with, he thought to himself. He stood up from the table, pleased that he was able to refocus his thoughts away from the basement. He walked to the counter and picked up the phone. He dialed Carl’s phone number and held the phone to his ear. It rang a few times and he heard Carl answer “Hello?”
“Hello Carl, this is Peter calling. How are you doing?” Peter asked.
“Oh I’m doing fine Peter. We are still just worried about Sarah and you. How are you holding up?” Carl asked.
“Well, okay I guess. I was able to get some sleep last night after I met with Laura here. Thanks again for referring her to me. I have been impressed so far. I have been going over the house a bit this morning. You know, looking for clues,” Peter replied.
“That’s good that you have been doing better. Have you been able to find any more clues?” Carl asked.
“Well, other than seeing and hearing some creepy things around here, I really haven’t found anything new,” Peter replied.
“Creepy things, like what?” Carl asked, a bit slower than before.
Peter took a breath, and replied “Well, I heard things like footsteps last night, and it almost seemed like there was something in bed with me once. I also saw this strange dark shadowy figure in the basement this morning when I went down there to look around,” Peter replied.
“Wow, you are seeing actual figures? That sounds like the strange happenings have really been increasing around your house. I’m still sorry that I talked you two into that house,” Carl commented.
“Oh, I don’t blame you for any of this, Carl. I’m not sure what’s going on around the house. I suppose I could even be imaging it,” Peter replied.
“Peter, I know you well enough to believe that you are seeing something. Where it’s coming from, I can’t say, but you are seeing something. Is there anything I can help you with Peter?” Carl asked.
“Actually, I was calling because I did think of something that you should be able to help me with. I was reading the paper with the article about Sarah missing and I got to thinking about signs and fliers to post around town,” Peter said.
“Yes, yes, I definitely could help with that. I do make some of my own ads, so it should be easy for me to make something up to post around town. I can also recruit people to help post them as well,” Carl offers.
“That would be great Carl. I can find a photo you can scan in and use for the signs. You should be able to use the description in the paper,” Peter responded.
“Sure, I can scan in the photo. Would it be okay if I dropped by later to pick up the photo?” Carl asked.
“Yeah, that would be fine. That would give me a chance to find a recent photo that you can use. Thanks again for your help, Carl,” Peter replied.
“Oh it’s the least I can do, Peter. I’ll see you later today,” Carl said.
“Sounds good. See you in a bit, Carl. Goodbye,” Peter said.
“Take care, Peter. Goodbye,” Carl said just before hanging up the phone.
Peter hung up the phone. Pausing for a moment, he though about where to look for a suitable photo of Sarah for the fliers. He decided to head upstairs to find a picture. He began to walk down the hall toward the foyer and the stairs.

After finding a photo of Sarah upstairs, taken about six months before, Peter brought it downstairs. He decided to place it on a small round table near the front door, so that it would be close by when Carl stopped to pick it up. As he was about to place the photo on the table, he gazed longingly at the photo of Sarah. It started to sink in that she was missing. Where could she be? Was she okay? Was she hurt . . . or worse? Questions ran through his mind as he stared at her photo. A feeling of emptiness came over him. He knew he was really missing her. He slowly closed his eyes. No longer able to hold it in any longer, he began to cry. Tears welled up in his eyes, and began slowly streaming down his face. Normally it took something serious for him to get emotional, but this definitely was something severe. He slowly made his way to a chair along the wall in the foyer. Still holding the photo, he took a seat in the chair. He knew he was alone, so he took the time he needed to grieve.
Several minutes or more of sitting in the chair passed. His eyes were still watery, but the tears on his cheeks were slowly drying, leaving a light trail of fine salt. He now felt relieved enough to continue. He slowly stood up, walked back to the table, and places the photo of Sarah on top. At that point he remembered that he needed to contact Sarah’s parents. He took a deep breath then head back to the kitchen, where the phone was. They lived in Arizona. It was late enough in the morning that he likely would not get them out of bed.

After Peter made the difficult call to Sarah’s parents, he decided to search outside in the yard again. He did not want to go too far with Carl stopping by to pick up the photo, so he headed down the hallway to the kitchen to go out the back door. At the back door, he opened the door and went down the back steps. Pausing at the bottom of the steps, he decided to walk around to the house to his left. Not having been on this side of the house much, he was curious what he would find. He had not even mowed the lawn in the house yet. There was a large evergreen bush next to the house at the corner of the house. Looking at the side of the house, nothing really appeared strange to him. He scanned the windows and the eves, but noted nothing strange.
He kept making his way around the outside wall of the house. His right foot struck something solid. After almost tripping on the obstruction, Peter took a step back and looked down to see what his foot had hit. It was a rectangular slab of concrete extending about five feet from the concrete house foundation. Not seeing any sign of a doorway or anything else that would require a concrete slab, he was puzzled as to why the slab existed. It looked well worn with some of the edges crumbling slightly and the larger stones were exposed. Also, the surface of the slab was uneven and unprofessional with visible trowel marks. He knelt down and rubbed his right hand over the slab. Not sure why he felt compelled to do this, he paused and pulled his hand slowly away from the slab. It occurred to him that the slab almost looked as if it was intended to cover something up. He remained in the crouched position for a few seconds, and then got up to continue to search around the house.
As he walked toward the front of the house, he did catch himself glancing back to the slab once more. He shook his head and made it to the front of the house. He noticed Vernon in the front yard next door. Vernon put down the clippers he had in his hand, and walked over to Peter.
“Hello Peter, sorry to hear that your wife is missing,” Vernon said stopping a few steps in front of Peter.
“Thanks Vernon. How did you here about it?” Peter asked.
Vernon looked down, then out toward the street for a moment, and replied “I saw the article in the paper this morning and . . . well I did talk to the police yesterday too.”
“Were they asking you questions?” Peter asked a bit puzzled.
“Some. Not sure why though. I don’t figure I’m much help at my age,” Vernon replied.
“So you didn’t see anything strange Friday night or Saturday morning around here, I take it?” Peter asked.
“No, I was in bed that night, and I didn’t even hear you two coming home,” Vernon replied.
“Well, thanks for your thoughts, Vernon,” Peter replied.
Vernon sighed and looked back into the street. Peter could tell he had something else to say.
Looking back toward Peter, Vernon commented “I wish you two had listened to my warning about that house.”
Peter was again stunned. He watched Vernon slowly shuffle his feet around toward his yard.
As Vernon walked away, Peter did manage to say “Right now, I wish that we did too.”
Vernon paused for a moment, and turned his head slightly over his left shoulder. But then faced forward again and continued on to his yard work. Peter took a deep breath, and walked around to the front of his house to look for more possible clues.

Later in the backyard, after looking through the garage, Vernon’s comments weighed heavily on his mind. Maybe there could have been something going on with the history of house. Since he was finding nothing on the outside of the house, he decided he would go back inside and search the office to see if he could find any clues. Sarah had been looking through the office. He wanted to find what it was that she wanted to tell him about from the office, before she disappeared.
He grasped the railing on the steps to the back door and stepped toward the door. At the top of the steps, he passed through the screen door open, then the back door. In the hallway, he closed the door behind him. He then headed to the office. The door to the office was partially open, so he pushed it the rest of the way until it contacted some boxes full of papers on the floor. He took a seat in the desk chair and paused for a moment to think. Rotating the chair right then left, he decided to start with the drawer that Sarah said that slammed shut. He reached down and pulled the wooden handle. The drawer slid open. The drawer was stuffed with very old folders and cut out newspaper articles. Peter slowly moved his hand toward the drawer. The scent of the old papers permeated the room. Feeling the top of the items in the drawer, he stopped on a folder resting on the top. This may have been one that Sarah had been looking at a few days earlier.
He picked up the old folder and set it on the desk. He opened the folder. It was full of yellow and brown newspaper articles. As he read the article on the top, he saw that it was an article about a missing person. The name of Oliver Kroft was circled. It was familiar to him. He then remembered that the previous owner’s last name was Kroft. Scanning the article, he could see the name of Mildred Kroft as the spouse of the missing person. He had heard that Mildred’s husband was missing too, but this article could reveal more details. The paper’s date was printed on the corner of the page. It read January 17th, 1988. He now remembered that Carl had mentioned he disappeared somewhere in the eighties. Continuing to scan the article with interest, Peter read more details. The article just explained the circumstances for Oliver’s disappearance. He noted that Oliver was last seen by Mildred in the house one evening a few days before the article was written. After he completed reading the article, he set it to the other side of the open folder.
The next article appeared to be about Oliver’s disappearance. From the date, it was printed a few days later. The article mentioned a few leads, but nothing seemed to really help him out much so far. When he was about halfway through the article, the phone rang in the kitchen. Peter got up and exited the office to answer the phone. He walked over to the counter and removed the cordless phone from the charger. 
“Hello?” Peter asked, as he answered.
“Hello, this is Sheriff Gordon Hughes. Is this Peter?” Gordon asked.
“Uh, yeah this is Peter. Do you have any news on Sarah, Gordon?” Peter asked.
“Well, that’s why I’m calling Peter. We may have a lead that we are following. Umm . . . I can’t sugar coat this, but we plan on having the river searched,” Gordon said carefully.
Peter gasped and closed his eyes for a moment. With his eyes still closed he asked “The river, why would you need to search the river?”
“We had someone call in a tip. This person said that they noticed the two of you this past Friday on the Third Avenue Bridge over the river,” Gordon responded.
“Yes, we did talk on the bridge, but I don’t know why that would lead to having to search the river,” Peter replied, with his eyes open again.
“Well, normally it wouldn’t, but the person mentioned that Sarah seemed to be staring at the river intently for quite a while,” Gordon explains.
Peter’s mind flashed back to Friday on the bridge. He did remember now that she was gazing into the river when they talked.
“Damn Gordon, I remember that, but . . . I didn’t think that much about it until now. You think she may have jumped into the river or something?” Peter asked.
“We don’t know, Peter. That’s why we are conducting the search. The diver team should be there about now, and I’ll be heading over when I finish this call” Gordon replied.
“Can I watch the search?” Peter asked.
“Yes, but I would recommend coming only if you feel you are ready for it,” Gordon answered.
Peter sighed. After nodding his head a few times, he said “I need to be there for her, Gordon.”
“Okay, that’s fine Peter. Just remember you can leave at any time,” Gordon replied.
“Thanks Gordon, I’ll see you there,” Peter said.
“Okay Peter, drive safe. Goodbye,” Gordon said.
“Goodbye Gordon,” Peter said just before he hung up the phone.
He put his thumb and forefinger to his closed eyes for a moment. He sighed once again. His keys were in the bedroom. He opened his eyes, and made his way from the kitchen to the hallway to retrieve his keys. When he reached the foyer, he paused a moment when he remembered that Sarah’s car was still in the garage. The bridge was not that far away. So he decided to walked rather than drive. He still was in need of the keys for the house, so he did continue upstairs to get the keys. About three steps up, he turned around and stared at the closed front door. He remembered that it had been open that Saturday morning when he awoke on the floor. Could she have gone out the front door? Maybe he had been following her but passed out in the foyer. Not knowing the answers, he sighed then continued up the steps to retrieve his keys. As he walked up the steps he remembered that Carl may be stopping by to pick up the photo of Sarah. He decided he would just leave the photo on the porch near the front door with a short note.



XVIII

The skies filtering through the tree lined streets above him were overcast as he walked on the sidewalk the few blocks to the Third Avenue Bridge. A slight breeze almost made the late summer day seem more like a fall day. As he reached the corner to Third Avenue, he gazed down the street toward the bridge. His heart sank as he saw several police and sheriff vehicles with lights flashing. One of the vehicles parked near the bridge was towing an empty boat trailer. He could see a few people standing on the bridge, but most of the activity was below his line of sight at the river level. After taking a deep breath, he crossed the street to the sidewalk on the other side of the road. He continued toward the bridge. Apprehension caused him to walk slowly. He was not sure he was ready to face what could be ahead. As he got closer to the bridge, he could hear some muffled voices, but was unable to make out any full sentences. He walked past a few parked and empty police and sheriff cars. Reaching the bridge railing, he peered over the edge toward the river below. He could see a small boat in the river with a deputy in it. In the river, he could see two men in wet suits and scuba gear. One was under the water. The other was talking to the deputy in the boat, while holding onto the side of the boat. There were several other officers and deputies on the shore. He did recognize some of the police officers, like Mark, Keith, and Scott. A hand touched his back, surprising him.
“You made it Peter,” A calm voice said from behind him.
Peter turned around quickly and realized it was Gordon. “Oh hi Gordon, you just surprised me there a bit.”
“My apologies, Peter. How are you holding up?” Gordon asked.
“Nervous, Gordon, I’m nervous. I guess I’m not sure I’m ready for this, but I suppose I do need to find out what happened to Sarah,” Peter replied.
“Well to give you an update, they have been searching for around twenty minutes now and they have not found anything yet. It’s possible this may be a wild goose chase, but we needed to follow up on the lead,” Gordon said.
“Yeah, I understand that,” Peter agreed, “I just don’t know what could have happened to her. I can’t imagine her committing suicide, but I suppose I could have missed the signs.”
“Peter, even the pros can miss the signs some of the time. Everybody is different. If that is what happened, you can’t blame yourself,” Gordon commented as he joined Peter at the railing.
“Oh god, I don’t know how I could avoid not blaming myself,” He said shaking his head slightly.
“You have to try Peter, you have to try,” Gordon said.
A diver underwater about forty feet down the river popped his head up out of the water and waved his right arm from side to side. The deputy in the boat started the motor and slowly maneuvered toward the signaling diver. The other diver swam toward the same spot. Peter’s heart sunk realizing they may have found something. His breathing quickened too.
Gordon yelled from the bridge “You find something, Rod?”
“Something’s down here. It’s too murky to make much out yet though,” Rod yelled back to Gordon.
Peter sighed, and under his breath say “Oh jeez. This is not good.”
The other diver reached Rod and the boat pulled along side them too.
Gordon moved away from Peter’s side and walked along the sidewalk of the bridge. He then walked down to the edge of the river to watch his deputies. Peter remained in the same spot to watch from the bridge. The two divers pushed off from the boat and dropped underwater. Swirls in the water above and occasional bubbles indicated the spot where the divers were busy below the surface. A fin popped out of the out of the water and slapped against the surface then disappeared again. About a minute passed with only the sound of a few muffled voices and the water slowly flowing underneath the bridge. First, one diver came back to the surface, then the second. They appeared to stand on the bottom of the shallow river, which allowed the water level to reach their shoulders. Facing each other they struggled to lift something out of the water. The dark waterlogged object reached the surface. The two deputies then lifted the sagging object out of the water and into the boat. Water dripped off of the object. Peter stared at it intently. His first impression was that it really did not resemble anything like a body, but he realized that he could be wrong. To him it almost appeared to be a garbage bag. He took a deep breath and continued to watch closely. The deputy in the boat examined the object. He then tore at the thin surface of the object. A multitude of colored objects were inside. The deputy in the boat shook his head and faced Gordon on the riverbank.
“It’s just a bag of garbage, Gordon!” The deputy yelled to Gordon.
“Thanks!” Gordon shouted back.
Peter’s legs felt weak after hearing the news. He gripped the railing tight as he tried to keep his legs from collapsing under him. He closed his eyes, inhaled deep, and held it for a few seconds then exhaled. What a relief he thought to himself, but then again Sarah was still missing. He wanted this ordeal to be over. Whatever happened, the sooner he discovered the answer, the sooner he would be able to start to move on. He opened his eyes again. To his left he could see that Gordon was making his way back to him again. Gordon comes up along side Peter again and places his left hand on the bridge railing.
“Well that was nothing,” Gordon said.
“Yeah, I don’t think I want Sarah found here anyway,” Peter said looking back down the river at the boat and divers.
“Well it may turn out that way. We’ll keep looking for her Peter,” Gordon said.
“I know that you and your team are doing the best they can,” Peter commented.
“Thanks Peter. We all want to find Sarah,” Gordon replied.
They stood together on the bridge watching the divers continued the search around the bridge. Other than a few more pieces of trash, and a few other objects, the team found nothing. After about an hour more the search was halted. The police return back to duty, and the sheriff deputies pack up their gear. Peter was relieved that nothing was found in the river. He felt that he was ready to return home.
“Well Gordon, I think I’m going to head back home. Just give me a call if you find anything else,” Peter said to Gordon.
“Thank you for coming by Peter. Again, I hope that we will find her soon and I’ll contact you as soon as we discover any new clues. Take care,” Gordon replied.
“Thanks Gordon, I will,” Peter said as he took his hands off of the railing and began walking along the sidewalk off of the bridge. He then made his way back to their house. He found himself noticing his surroundings along as he walked along the streets. Maybe he was trying to take his mind off of missing Sarah. Where was she? He knew that he could not answer that question at the moment. He wanted to know the answer, but then again, maybe he really did not want to know. The cool air did manage to refresh him on his walk back to the house.

As he approached the house, he heard the voices of young girls playing. Soon after hearing the voices, he saw three girls playing in front of the house next door. He recognized one as a girl who lived next door, and the others must be her friends. They were jumping rope. Two of them were swinging the rope around and the other jumped in between in a rhythmic pattern to keep from becoming entangled in the rope. As they performed this, they sang together in a rhythm with the jumping. Peter smiled to himself, since they do not notice him. The sight was something he really had not seen since he was a kid himself.
He continued walking up the front walk to the front of the house. As he made his way up the stairs to the porch, he could see that the photo he had left for Carl was propped against the door along with the note. Seeing her photo again caused him to pause mid-stride. He closed his eyes and tried to take a deep breath. His stomach began to churn and feel tight. The sight of Sarah’s image had triggered a reaction he was not prepared for.
He opened his eyes, and continued toward the door. Stopping in front of the door, he fumbled for the keys in his pocket. Feeling even more nauseous, he managed to unlock the door. He pushed the door open. The photo and note fall from the leaning position to the floor. Peter reached down to pick them up. It was more difficult than he anticipated with his uneasy stomach.  He did pick the photo and the note up, but his head felt light as he rights himself again. He managed to place the photo and the note on a table.
Pausing for a moment, he turned and pushed the door shut. His forehead began to throb from his pounding heart. A lump formed in his throat, and he realized he was going to be sick. Thinking quickly, he headed down the hallway toward the kitchen. He rounded the corner and headed directly to the sink. Making it just in time, the vomit was expelled into the sink. With his eyes closed, he holds his head over the sink as a strand of saliva hung from his mouth into the sink. It quickly narrowed enough to break. Peter turned on the cold water and cupped his hands together under the water stream to collect it. He then rubbed the water over his face, and kept his hands over his eyes for a moment. The deep breath along with the splash of water and even getting sick actually seemed to help him feel better. He opened his eyes and removed his hands from his face. He reached over to turn off the water. With a few drops of water remaining on his face, he decided he would return to the office to search for more information on the history of the house.
As he passed the basement door, something compelled him to gaze at it. Puzzled as to why he was staring at the door, he continued toward the office. The office door was partially open. He pushed the door open the rest of the way. It creaked as it swung into the room. As he entered the room, he tried to remember where he left off in his search. He then saw the open folder on the desk with the article he had partially finished on top. After he took a seat in the chair he picked up the article again, and started to read it. He scanned the article until he locates the last part he remembered. He slowed to read the rest of the article about Mildred’s missing husband, Oliver. The article contained more of the details. Near the end of the article, one line jumped out at him. It read that a couple disappeared in 1967 from the same house. Peter’s jaw dropped. So this house really did have a bad history with disappearances. His hands began to tremble as he tried to continue. Slowly he was able to read the few remaining lines in the article. He learned that the couple’s names were Russell and Clara Hanford. The names began to run through his mind. As he thought about the new knowledge, he tried to think what to do with the information. Would it help find Sarah? All he can do was hope that it would. Should he tell the police? Probably so, but hopefully they would already have known about Russell and Clara, though they had not mentioned it. Then he remembered that Vernon had warned him this place was cursed. Maybe this was what he meant with his warning, and maybe he could tell him more. Talking to Vernon sounded like to good idea to him. It was possible that he could be outside. He stood up from the chair and faced the open office door. As he made his way to the doorway, the doorbell rang. He paused for a moment then continues walking through the door. He passed the back hallway and went through the kitchen. From there, he walked down to the foyer. He could see a shadow in through the sheer curtain covering the front door window. When he reached the door, he pulled the door open. Carl was standing on the porch with a friendly smile. Peter noticed that he had a plastic food container in his hand.  
“Hello Carl. Thanks so much for stopping by,” Peter said.
“How are you doing Peter?  I’m just stopping by to pick up the photo so I can make up the fliers,” Carl replied.
“I know that’ll help immensely. The more people we can make aware that Sarah is missing, the better the chances are that she’ll be found,” Peter commented.
“I agree. It’s the least I can do to help,” Carl said.
“Won’t you come in for a moment?” Peter asked.
“Sure,” Carl said as Peter stepped back slightly and Carl began stepping into the foyer.
“Oh, this is for you. Mary thought that you could use some food for dinner,” Carl offers as he presents the food container to Peter.
Peter took hold of the still warm container and replied “wow that is great. Since Sarah has been missing, I really haven’t been focusing on eating right, I suppose.”
“That’s what Mary was figuring, Peter. We both know that you have plenty of other things on your mind now,” Carl agreed.
“That’s for sure. Oh, let me give you the photo,” Peter said as he set the container on a side table and picked up the photo of Sarah from the same table. He left the note on the table.
“Here’s the photo Carl. I haven’t taken it out of the frame yet,” Peter said moving the photo close to Carl.
As Carl took the photo, he said “Oh I can handle getting the photo out of the frame, Peter. I’ll make sure you get the photo and the frame back too.”
As Carl cradled the photo in his hands, he looked at the image of Sarah. He sighed and then said “Peter, I really hope we can find Sarah soon.”
“Thanks Carl, I sure hope we find her soon too. This has been rough so far. I had to make the call to Sarah’s parents earlier today,” Peter said.
Wow, I don’t envy you on that one. Again, I hope this will help,” Carl replied looking at the photo.
Sensing Carl was close to leaving, Peter asked “Before you leave Carl, I just was reading an old article that I found in the office in the back room, that said that a couple disappeared from this house in . . . let’s see 1967, I believe. Do you remember anything about the case?”
Carl pulled the photo to his chest and looked to his left to think. After a few seconds he asked “Do you remember the couple’s name?”
“Umm . . . it was Hanford, Russell and Clara Hanford, if I remember correctly. I can get the article if you would like to see it,” Peter replied.
Carl shook his head and said “The names do not sound familiar. I’m sure it happened, but it was a long time ago, and at that time I likely was in college. Sorry I can’t give you more information on that. I can ask a few people though. You said the name was Hanford, correct?”
“Yes, Russell and Clara Hanford. I plan on asking my next door neighbor about the disappearance, too. I think he has been around here for a long time. He also warned us against buying the house too,” Peter commented.
“He actually warned you about the house?” Carl responded surprised.
“Well, he said the house was cursed or something. Now I’m wondering if maybe he could be right. You know, with Sarah disappearing, and several previous owners. It makes me wonder,” Peter added.
“Well asking your neighbor may give you some new information at least. Living next door, he likely would be a good person to ask,” Carl replied.
“That’s what I figure too. Well, I’d better let you take the photo so you can make up the fliers. Thanks again so much for helping with them. I will enjoy the dinner too. Please give Mary my sincere thanks as well,” Peter said.
“I will tell her, Peter. You take care, and give me a call if you can think of anything else I can help with,” Carl said as he extended his right hand toward Peter.
Peter shook Carl’s hand, and said “Thanks Carl, I’ll keep in touch.”
Carl turned and began walking across the porch to the front steps clutching the photo in his hand. Peter closed the door behind him. He walked to the side table a picked up the food container. It was a bit early for dinner, so he decided to put it in the refrigerator. He wanted to see if he could find Vernon to ask him what he knew about the Hanford’s disappearance.
He walked toward the kitchen with the container. After opening the door to the refrigerator, he placed the plastic container on a shelf inside. He closed the door and he began walking back toward the foyer. As he made his way to the hallway, he heard a muffled bang that sounded like it may have come from below. He stopped after hearing the sound. Feeling a bit uneasy, he slowly headed back into the kitchen and went to the basement door. Slowly he opened it. It creaked loudly as it swung into the back hall and exposed the pitch black basement. He reached for the wall to switch the light on to the basement. With the light on, he realized with his eyes were used to the sunlight in the room. The dim light really doesn’t help him see much in the basement. He stared into the basement from the top of the stairs to see if there was anything out of place or unusual. Moving his head around slightly to get different perspectives for nearly a minute, he did not see or hear anything. He decided to head back to the foyer so he can see if Vernon was home. He reached his hand to the wall again and turned off the light. He closed the basement door again. Shaking his head, he made his way down the hallway to the foyer. In the foyer he headed straight for the front door. He opened the front door and walked out onto the porch. He closed he front door behind him, but did not lock it. Peter walked to his right on the porch to see if Vernon was outside. Sure enough, he saw Vernon working in his front yard again. This time he had the hose and was watering some of the flowers and other plants. Peter went to the porch steps. As he walked down the steps he found himself trying to think of questions he should ask Vernon. He continued from the steps to the front walk. He used the sidewalk along the street. From the sidewalk, he approached Vernon. Vernon had his back to Peter as he got closer. Peter stopped a few feet behind Vernon.
He asked “Hey Vernon, what more do you know about this house?”
Vernon released the trigger on the water sprayer. He then turned around and looked directly at Peter.
“It’s cursed. What more do you need to know?” Vernon replied with his hoarse voice, as he began turning back to tend to his plants.
“I want to know more about the history of this house. I’m looking for any information that could help me find Sarah,” Peter said.
“People have disappeared from the house, not just Mildred, but her husband too,” Vernon said, partially looking toward Peter.
“Vernon, I just found out about a Russell and Clara Hanford,” Peter said trying to keep Vernon from leaving.
Vernon paused, and then turned all away around and looked directly at Peter. This time he seemed to have a genuine interest in helping. Peter was relieved that Vernon appeared willing to help.
“You found out about them, did you?” Vernon asked then he glanced down for a moment.
“Yes, I have been looking through the office which has many old articles and things left by previous owners,” Peter replied.
“Have you been through everything?” Vernon asked looking back toward Peter.
“No, I’m just getting started. I was surprised to find something like this so quickly,” Peter replied.
“Well . . .” Vernon started, and then looked away again. “Well Peter, there’s more.”
“More? What do you mean by more? More people missing from this house?” Peter asked quite puzzled.
Vernon sighed. He focused on Peter again and said “The original owners before Russ and Clara were Mathias and Erika Wahl.”
Peter was surprised, but managed to ask “Sarah mentioned those names after finding something in the office. Did they disappear too?”
Vernon nodded his head, and replied “Yes, back in 1933.”
“Did both of them disappear at the same time?” Peter asked.
“No, Erika went missing first. Then a month or so later nobody heard from Mathias. Neither was ever seen or heard from again. The same has been true for anyone missing from that house,” Vernon replied.
Peter covered his mouth with right hand in a loose fist as he thought about the new facts he was learning.
“Did you live next door all of this time Vernon?” Peter asked through his fingers that still partially covered his mouth.
“Yes, I grew up in this very house, and I inherited it from my parents after they passed away. They lived here into their later years. I was here often to help them,” Vernon replied
Peter paused for a moment then realized he wanted to ask a difficult question.
“Vernon, since you have been around for all of the disappearances, have the police ever questioned you as a suspect?” Peter asked carefully.
“Well, I was only seven when the Wahl’s disappeared. Once I remind the police about that, they usually let it go. I really do not have a real good recollection of what happened to the Mathias and Erika,” Vernon answered.
“Only seven, yeah I guess that would be more than someone that young could manage. Anyway, what do you remember about Mathias and Erika?” Peter asked.
Vernon dropped the hose from his hand, and said “Let’s go sit down for a moment. Even the front steps should work. I just need to sit.”
“Sure, I’ll just follow you,” Peter replied as he followed Vernon who was walking slowly toward his front steps. Peter figured Vernon must be in some type of pain, but he decided against commenting about it to Vernon.
Vernon grabbed the stair railing, slowly turned around, and took a seat on the second step. Peter soon took a seat beside him.
Vernon stared to the street for a moment then faced Peter and said “Well, I’m not sure if any of this will help. Just remember that I was quite young when this happened, and there are only a few things that I still remember about Mathias and Erika.”
“That’s fine Vernon, anything will help,” Peter said for encouragement.
Narrowing his eyes slightly, Vernon started “I remember that Mathias worked with furnaces. You know, installing and repairing, that sort of thing. He was quite a good metalworker. His shop was downtown. I think it’s a restaurant now. He installed the furnace in the house, and converted it to gas later. Come to think of it, it wasn’t too long after he did all that work to convert it when Erika disappeared, and then he disappeared.”
“And you remember that from when you were seven?” Peter asked.
“Oh I remember my folks talking about him and Erika at dinner. For some reason I guess it just stuck in my mind,” Vernon answered.
“What was he like, I mean as a person?” Peter asked.
“Well from the few times I remember seeing him, he was stern, but quiet. I don’t think he really liked going out too much. He was probably the type that was a good craftsman, but not so good with people,” Vernon replied.
“Was Erika a quiet person too?”  Peter asked.
Vernon shook his head, and replied “No, quite the opposite from Mathias. She was actually a bit of a socialite around town. Even in this small town she managed to find things to do away from home several times a week.”
“Did that upset Mathias? Do you remember if they argued?” Peter asked.
“I just remember a few times hearing them arguing after I went to bed. The argument would wake me up. I suppose she may have just arrived home from some function, and he would be asking her where she was and that kind of thing,” Vernon replied glancing toward the street then back toward Peter.
“Were there more arguments close to the time when she disappeared?” Peter asked.
“Hmm . . . now that you mention it, there may have been a few, but not really any all that memorable,” Vernon replied.
“You said that Erika disappeared first, and then Mathias a month or so after that. What happened between the time she disappeared and Mathias disappeared?” Peter asked.
“He hid in the house. I’m not sure he ever came out afterwards. The police did talk to him a few times, but he just talked to them from the front door. No one was sure when he actually disappeared, since it may have been at least a week since anyone had seen him. Then someone from the police station tried to contact him and no one answered. They searched the house, but found nothing. It’s been the same for everyone who has disappeared from the house. There are no clues in the house,” Vernon explained.
“So you don’t know anything more about the other cases that would help?” Peter asked.
“Sorry Peter, but I can’t tell you anything more that would help. Russ and Clara were very nice neighbors and it was a shame that they disappeared, but they got along well as far as I knew. They just vanished. No reason. No one saw it coming,” Vernon explained.
“Well, I have learned a lot from you today Vernon. It may actually help. There has got to be a connection or something here,” Peter said as he placed one hand on the railing and began to stand up.
Vernon started to stand up as well, and said “Good luck Peter. If you can think of any other questions that may help, please come over and ask, anytime.”
“I may take you up on that Vernon, and thank you so much for taking the time to help. I’ll let you get back to watering,” Peter said, as he watched Vernon finish standing up.
Vernon nodded, and replied “Thanks.”
Peter nodded in acknowledgement and head back to his house. Armed with much more information, Peter walked away with a purpose. He wanted to continue looking into the items in the office. Perhaps he could find more, since he had a better idea of what to look for. It may be worth contacting the police again to tell them the information, he felt. The more people that looking into this option, the better chance of finding an answer. As he reached the front door, he pushed the unlocked door open and walked into the foyer. Once in the kitchen he walked to the on the counter and picked up the phone. Who should he call first? He saw some of the cards on the counter by the phone. He decided he would call someone in the police station first. He retrieved Mark Campbell’s card. He dialed the number. The phone rang on the other end a few times.
“Mark Campbell, Wharton Police,” The voice answered.
“Uh . . . hello Mark, this is Peter Corbin. You know my wife Sarah is missing,” Peter replied.
“Yes Peter, let’s see, I really don’t have any update on our search. The other tips we have received haven’t led to any breakthroughs. I did see you at the bridge over the Chilton River. That was the only tip we have received that we actively pursued yet,” Mark said.
“Well, my boss at work will be working on fliers to put up around town. Hopefully that will lead to more tips too,” Peter said.
“Yeah, I suppose that can’t hurt. Will it use the police as the contact on them?” Mark asked.
“I believe so, but I didn’t specify that to Carl Bishop, who will be making the signs,” Peter responded.
“Oh I know Carl. He’ll do a fine job on them. Well, were you just checking in on the status or do you have any new information?” Mark asked.
“Well, I’m not sure how much of the history of the house you are aware of, but I just got some interesting information from my neighbor regarding the house,” Peter said.
“Okay let’s hear it,” Mark said with a hint of disinterest.
“Okay, I’ll see if I can get this straight. Um . . . you know the previous homeowner, Mildred Kroft disappeared. I found out that her husband disappeared in 1988,” Peter starts to explain.
“We are aware of both of those cases,” Mark replied.
“Well, there’s more. Before the Krofts, the people in the house before that, a Russell and Clara Hanford disappeared in 1967,” Peter continues.
“Really, that was from the same house. That case was long before my time on the force, but I do remember it,” Mark commented.
“Also, the first owners of the house, let’s see it was Mathias and Erika Wahl. She disappeared first in 1933 and then he disappeared a month or so later. Also in 1933,” Peter explained.
“Well, that’s quite strange that all of these disappearances are from the same house,” Mark commented.
“Yeah, I wanted to tell you so maybe you could look into something common between the cases,” Peter commented.
“Hmm . . . let’s see, that would be over seventy years ago since the first disappearance. So that would make it unlikely that one person could be involved. I suppose that’s something we could look into. Maybe the later ones could be related at least,” Mark commented, as he appeared to be thinking about the possibility.
“The one thing that got me thinking was my neighbor who told me about this has been next door all of these years from the first disappearance,” Peter said.
“I think we interviewed him. Was it Vernon?” Mark recalls.
“Yes, Vernon Kramer. He remembers facts about all of the cases, though he was only seven in 1933,” Peter commented.
“Well, if he was just seven for the first disappearance . . .” Mark started commenting.
“There could be other people around that would have been older then,” Peter proposes.
“Well that could be possible. Well look into this information,” Mark said.
“I guess that’s all I can ask you to do Mark. Just see if there is anything in common,” Peter said realizing Mark might not view the information as the breakthrough they needed.
“Okay Peter, we’ll go through the old files and see what may be common, other than the house. Please don’t get your hopes up on this though. It could just be coincidence that people are missing from the same house. I mean, first you mention ghosts, and now it sounds like some kind of a curse or something. I just get the feeling you’re holding something back from us, Peter,” Mark commented.
“Sometimes I wish I did have something to hold back Mark, but I don’t. I just really want to look into anything that could help find Sarah,” Peter said defensively.
“Well anyway we’ll do our best Peter. Give me a call again if you do think of anything else or need an update,” Mark offered.
“Thanks Mark. I’ll let you know. Goodbye,” Peter said.
“Goodbye Peter,” Mark said, just before he hung up the phone.
Peter also hung up the phone. He was a bit disappointed that Mark did not see the house’s history as a major break in the case. He did understand the logic in Mark’s skepticism though. After closing his eyes for a moment, he reopened them, and decided to reheat the dinner that Carl brought over earlier. Maybe eating something would help boost his spirits.



XIX

As Peter sat at the table finishing up his dinner, the phone rang. He walked to the counter to pick up the phone.
“Hello,” he said, as he answered the phone.
“Hi Peter, This is Colleen. You remember, Colleen Phillips,” she replied.
Peter was surprised, and replied carefully “Oh, hi Colleen, how are you doing?”
“Oh I’m fine, but I called to see how you were holding up. Carl told me about Sarah then the police called and asked me some questions. I can’t believe it,” Colleen replied.
“Yeah, well I don’t know what happened to her. She’s just gone. I woke up Saturday morning and she wasn’t there,” Peter replied.
“Oh I’m so sorry for you Peter. That is just awful,” Colleen said trying to comfort him.
“I don’t know if it was because I drank too much at Carl’s party or what. I just don’t remember much from that night,” Peter said.
“How are you holding up through all of this?” She asked.
“I guess I’m getting by. You know taking things one step at a time. It has been rough though. I think they may have originally suspected that I had something to do with it first,” Peter said.
“But they don’t suspect you, do they?” She asked.
“Well, I think some of them may still suspect me, but there’s no evidence to prove that I did anything. Of course I can’t remember anything either, which makes it hard for me,” Peter said.
“I know you didn’t have anything to do with it Peter,” she commented.
“Well thanks Colleen, at least some of the investigators involved in the case agree with you too,” Peter said.
“Peter is there anything I can do to help?” She asked.
“Not that I can think of offhand right now. Carl is making up some fliers to post around town. Maybe you could contact him and see if he could use some help,” Peter replied.
“Okay I’ll call Carl, but is there anything I can do for you? Like do you need someone to talk to? I mean like that kind of help,” Colleen offers.
Peter was taken aback by the offer. He found himself making an audible sigh, and then replied “Well I appreciate the offer Colleen, but I think I’m okay for now. I’ll let you know if I do need to talk though, okay.”
“That’s fine Peter, just give me a call every once in a while at least to give me an update. I may call you too,” she replied.
“Thanks Colleen, you take care,” Peter said hoping to end the conversation quickly.
“Okay Peter, you take care as well. I hope they find Sarah soon, and keep in touch. Goodbye,” Colleen said.
“Goodbye Colleen,” Peter said, as he hung up the phone.
His hand trembled as he placed the phone back on the counter. Was Colleen coming on to him this early after Sarah’s disappearance? He knew that she made him uncomfortable on the phone. Sarah was jealous of Colleen. Could Colleen have been jealous of Sarah? The thoughts caused his mind to race. He made his way back to the kitchen table and sat back down in front of his almost completed dinner. Staring over the food, he continued to absorb all that had happened.

After completing the remaining bites of food, he rinsed the plate in the sink, and placed it in the counter. The sun had been down for a while, and very little light remained outside. He decided to return to the office to do some more research into the former homeowners. As he stepped away from the sink and rounded the corner to the hallway leading to the office, he quickly noticed that the office door was shut. He stopped. As far as he could remember, he left the door open the last time he was in there.
After a deep breath and another shaking of his head, Peter continued toward the office door. He opened the door into the room. As usual, the door creaked loudly as it swung into the dark room. He turned on the room light. The single mounted fixture on the ceiling, cast a faded yellow glow across the room. He walked to the desk chair and sat down. Previously he had paid more attention to the items in the desk, not surrounding it. He noticed a framed photo propped on the desk. The ornate golden frame was of a couple roughly in their early sixties or so. Judging from it being a color photo, and not too faded, he deduced it could be Mildred and Oliver Kroft. It may have been taken for an anniversary or some other event. Seeing the photo sparked his interest in seeing what the other homeowners looked like as well.
He continued looking through drawers and files in the desk. Perhaps he would find some photos and or other information on the homeowners, including Mathias and Erika. First he searched through the folder with the articles. It was still open on the desk. He put aside the article on the top, and began looking at the next one underneath it. It was another article about Oliver’s disappearance. It looked to him like the articles were saved by the Krofts. Since he wanted to find more on the owners before the Krofts, he decided to look for other folder that could hold articles or photos.
The bottom drawer was still open. He bent down and extended both hands into the drawer to rummage around to get a better idea of what might be there. After a few minutes of digging through the stacked files, he found one that looked like it had older newspaper articles with photographs. He lifted up a stack of folders to remove the one near the bottom of the drawer. He set the file on the desk and opened it. Faded orange and brown newspaper articles clipped from the local paper were before him. According to the date on the top article, it was from the mid 1960s. Thinking about it for a moment, he nodded his head slightly hoping to find something about the Hanfords. He picked up the top article and began reviewing it. It was a thirtieth anniversary announcement. The title said that the couple was Russell and Clara Hanford. He unfolded the article to continue reading. The details did not reveal anything that seemed strange to him. It just mentioned items like what their two grown kids were doing, and other relatively normal details. Even though he there was not much to learn from the article, he did take a moment to examine the photo of Russell and Clara. For some reason, he felt like he should at least know what the two looked like.
Next he just needed to find photos or some likeness of Mathias and Erika Wahl. Since the folder he found the articles with the Hanford’s photo, was near the bottom of the drawer, he realized it would be unlikely that there anything much older was in that drawer. He did remember Sarah talking about the Mathias and Erika though. Maybe she left something on the desk.
Peter looked at the top of the desk for any folders that he did not remember reviewing yet. The desk was cluttered with old letters, papers, folders, and many other objects, along with a desk lamp that he had not bothered to turn on yet. Near the desk lamp was a tattered accordion file. Peter partially stood up to reach for it, since it was on the far side of the large oak desk. After retrieving it, he pulled the file open to scan the contents. This could be it, he noted to himself as he observed the almost delicate condition of the articles inside of the folder. He also believed there could be some photos in the folder as well. He carefully removed a stack of old articles from one of the partitions and set them on the desk. Indeed the articles were old, and reviewing the first few he noted that they were from the early 1930s or late 1920s. He breathed a sigh of relief that he was able to find something from the time Mathias and Erika lived in the house.
The article on top was about a local dance club, and it did include a photo of members of the club posing for the camera in rows. Women were in the first row, and men were in the second row. The names of the people were listed in the caption below the photograph. Scanning the names he found Erika Wahl’s name, but not Mathias. He noted that she was the one in the first row, and the fourth woman from the left. She was smiling in the photo, as if she enjoyed being in the club. He was a bit puzzled why Mathias was not mentioned or in the photo. Maybe he did not like to dance.
He set that article aside and examined the next one. This was a similar article about a different club, this time it was a social club with another group photo. Again he found Erika’s photo, but no sign of Mathias. As in the previous photo, she was smiling. The next article was about a local church choir. As he suspected, Erika was in the choir, but no sign of Mathias. Even in the few articles he has read about Erika, he could tell that she liked being out with others in the community. Mathias must have been different, since he had not found an article mentioning him yet.
Peter decided to look deeper through the stack to see if there were any articles that included Mathias. He reviewed each article carefully enough for Mathias’ name before continuing onto the next. He reached the last article in the stack, and it only had another article about Erika and her social activities.
Where would there be a photo of Mathias, he asked himself? He thought about this as he collected the stack of articles and carefully placed them back inside of the folder. As he did, he remembered the photos in the folder as well. He removed a group of old photos from another compartment in the folder and set them on the desk. The top one was of a young couple in a wedding pose. He recognized the woman as a younger Erika, and the man must be Mathias. She had the same smile as she did in the group shots he found earlier. Even though it was for a wedding, Mathias seemed to have more of an expressionless appearance.
He continued to look though the other photos. He did find more photos of Mathias. Some of the photos still were from their younger years, but some were taken when they were older. Peter did notice that he had not found one photo where Mathias was smiling or appeared happy. This would agree with what Vernon had told him about Mathias being more of a quiet person, and not the socialite that Erika was.
Peter then came across a photo of Vernon standing in front of what must have been his work truck. On the side of the truck it said “Wahl’s Furnace Repair and Installation.” Again the photo of Mathias was expressionless and even unnerving. To Peter, it was almost as if he was staring directly at him though time. His hands actually trembled slightly.
There was a click, and the room went totally dark, except for a small amount of light coming from a light in the kitchen. Was that the light switch that made the click? Carefully he stood up from the chair. Fumbling around, he made his way toward the door; occasionally bumping into objects on the floor along the way. When he reached the door, he moved his right hand toward where he remembered the light switch. He could feel it was down. His breathing and his heart quickened as it sunk in that the light switch apparently turned off without anyone touching it. Anyone he could see at least. Having seen enough, he decided to call it a night. He flipped the light switch back on, and returned to the desk. He collected the other photos, neatened up the stack, and returned it to the accordion file. After a sigh, he turned toward the door. He reached for the light switch as he neared the door. With his hand hovering near the switch, he paused to look back in the room for moment and at the light switch again. He then turned off the light. He shook his head as he walked from the hallway into the kitchen. From the kitchen, the light in the foyer provided enough light to make to the foyer. Once in the foyer, he rounded the corner to the stairway. He then began making his way up the steps, turning off the lights as he proceeded. Once upstairs he continued into the bedroom. He found the room was a bit warm and stuffy. Perhaps he would open the window that night. He walked to the double hung window overlooking the street. After undoing the latch, he opened the window. Other than a few chirps from crickets, it was quiet outside. The slightly cool air was refreshing to him. Peter then walked to the bathroom to prepare for bed.



XX

Lying in bed, Peter found that he could not relax enough to fall asleep, but he did try to rest by closing his eyes. He had to shift positions every once in a while to make himself comfortable. A slight breeze caused a relaxing sound as the leaves rustled in the trees outside of the open window. Gradually he was able to relax a bit and get some rest, if not the deep sleep that he needed.
While still hovering close to falling asleep, he became aware of something that sounded like a muffled gasp. The similar sounds continued about every thirty seconds. It began to sound like a moan, then vaguely like someone’s voice. Maybe it could have been the wind, he thought. But then he heard it again, and it sounded more like a woman’s voice than just the wind. After quickly sitting up in bed, he tried to determine where this possible voice was coming from. Closing his eyes, he focused on the voice and to him it does not appear like it was coming from outside. It sounded like it was coming from somewhere below. He heard the muffled voice saying phrases that sound roughly like “Help!”, “Help me!” and “Let me out!”
As he sat in bed, he was very uneasy and his breathing became more uneven. He heard what sounded like another woman’s voice. His heart sank as he realized it sounded like Sarah. Soon afterwards there was muffled thud, and both voices were silent. He quickly jumped out of the bed and made his way through the darkness to the door to the hallway. After opening the door, he walked to the railing in the hallway overlooking the stairway. Standing at the railing he closed his eyes to listen for Sarah’s voice again. If indeed it was Sarah. His racing heart was causing a thumping sound in his ear, and he could also hear his erratic breathing. As he continued to listen he tried desperately to tune out his heart and breathing to listen for the voices.
After a few minutes, his heart and breathing calmed down, but he did not hear anything that sounded like a voice. He opened his eyes again, realizing that the voices were likely gone for the moment at least. He tapped the railing hand lightly, and turned to his left to return to bed. Was he actually hearing the voices or were they just in his mind? He had no idea. As he reached the bed again, he pulled the back the covers and slid back under the covers. After lying in the bed again, his mind raced with various thoughts, including Sarah being trapped somewhere. Somehow through all of the confusion, he managed to fall asleep.

Something stirred him awake. Unaware of what happened, he listened carefully. He could still hear the light breeze rustling the leaves outside. An agonizing scream from a man startled him. It sounded muffled, as if inside a near by house. Peter sat up in bed. About two seconds after the scream, there was a loud muffled crash of breaking glass. The next sound was muffled thud. It was like something relatively large hitting a floor. He quickly got out of bed and went to look out the front window. A moderate fog hugged the ground below. A street light, a few doors down, illuminated the area. There were no more sounds that he could hear, other than the wind. He then walked to the side window overlooking Vernon’s house and peered through the closed pane. Through faintly lit windows next door he could see something moving in a rhythmic swinging motion. He was uneasy about what he was seeing, and felt that he needed to investigate. He quickly put on a pair of jeans and a sweat shirt.
After putting on a pair of slippers, he rushed out of the bedroom, down the stairs, and out the front door. He hurried across his dew covered lawn to Vernon’s house. The still damp air cooled him slightly. As he approached the porch, he slowed his pace to stay alert for any intruders. Aware that the fog could be hiding something, he walked up the front steps, and across the porch toward the door. Through the front door and the side lights, he could see some light, possibly from the top of the stairs. As he got closer to the door, he could make out something swinging high in the foyer. To him it almost looked like a heavy iron and crystal chandelier swinging about a foot back and forth in the same direction as the steps. When he listened closely, he could hear the low creaking sound of the chandelier as it swayed.
He knocked on the door, and said “Vernon, are you okay?”
He waited for about thirty seconds, and tried again “Vernon can you hear me?”
Without any reply, he peered through the window to see what else happened, beside the chandelier swinging. He first looked around near the chandelier, then near the light at the top of the stairs. As his eyes scanned the dimly lit foyer, he looked lower in the room. His eyes squinted as he saw something strange on the floor beneath the still swinging chandelier. He positioned himself at the side light to his right to get a better view of the object. Moving his head slightly back and forth, he realized the form could be a motionless body lying on the floor. Fear overcame him for a moment. Vernon was in trouble, and he should help him. He tried the front door but it was locked. At first he thought of breaking a window to gain access to help. But after pausing a moment, he decided against it. With the police being investigating him, it would be better if he kept his fingerprints on the outside of house.
Shaking somewhat, he turned away from the front door, rushed off the porch, and made his way quickly back to his house. Back inside of his house he went straight to the kitchen to get the phone. He turned on some lights on the way. He fumbled for the cordless phone in the kitchen, and almost dropped it. To calm himself down he took a deep breath and closed his eyes for a few seconds. He then dialed 911, and waited for someone to answer.
“Wharton Emergency, who’s calling please?” A woman answered.
Still a bit nervous, Peter replied “Umm . . . this is Peter Corbin, I live at 65 Fourth St.”
“What is the emergency, sir?” She asked.
“I believe something has happened to my neighbor, Vernon Kramer. I think he may be injured inside of his house. It looks like something like a body may be lying on the floor in his foyer,” Peter responded.
“Do you know the address of your neighbor sir?” The woman asked.
“Not exactly, but it would be next door to mine house at 65 Fourth St. and I believe it would be a lower number,” Peter replied.
“Okay, did you go inside of his house sir?” The woman asked.
“No, I heard him scream, a crash, and then a thud. It almost sounded violent, so I wanted to make sure people do not think I did anything to him. Plus, it has been years since I have had any first aid training,” Peter replied.
“Okay sir, I’ll send an ambulance and a police unit to your neighbor’s address,” she said.
“Thank you. I’ll wait for them outside and let them know where to go,” Peter offered.
“That will help sir. Is there anything else you need to tell us?” She asked.
“No, just send someone quick. I have a bad feeling about this,” Peter replied.
“Okay, thank you sir. Goodbye,” The woman said.
“Goodbye,” Peter replied still shaking slightly.
Peter closed his eyes and took another deep breath. After nodding to himself, he opened his eyes and slowly headed out of the kitchen, though the hallway to the foyer. As he stood in the foyer for a moment, he decided to turn on the porch light. After he did, the porch becomes visible through the front door and the two side light windows. There also was a gray glow from the thickening fog in the background. What happened to Vernon?  He shook his head, opened the front door slowly, and walked out onto the porch. The door creaked due to it being opened slowly. He waited in the middle of the porch at first. After about a minute of waiting, he began to pace back and forth. His heart still raced from the uncertainty.
He did not hear any sirens, but he realized they may not use them early in the morning. Soon he did hear the revving of a car engine. Red and blue strobe lights cast widening beams through the mist and onto the houses along the street. As the car’s tires pass through the fog, they created small eddies gradually dissipating into the grayness of the dimly lit street. At that point, Peter began to walking down the steps from the porch and hurried to the sidewalk. As the police car approached, Peter waved his hands over his head as a signal. The car pulled up from his right and parked in front of Vernon’s house. As the officer got out of his car Peter realized it was Scott Harrison. Peter saw that Scott recognized him as well. Scott walked up closer to Peter, and in a clear low quiet voice, asked “You called 911 about an injured neighbor?”
“Yes, I was in bed, and I first heard a man screaming, a crash. You know some glass breaking and that kind of thing. And then there was some kind of muffled thud, as if something hit a floor inside of a house. Oh, I did notice something moving inside of Vernon’s house when I looked out of my bedroom window,” Peter said as the two of them began to walk toward Vernon’s house.
“Do you think someone else was inside?” Scott asked, as he approaches Vernon’s porch.
“I couldn’t see anyone else around and the front door was locked. So I don’t think so. When I checked his house, I found that the chandelier above the stairway in the foyer was still swinging,” Peter replied.
“So it may have been the chandelier you saw, and not a person inside the house. Have you seen Vernon?” Scott asked.
“There’s something like a body on the foyer floor. I couldn’t see too well though since the lighting was very dim in the foyer. I did knock a few times, but didn’t hear any reply. I didn’t want to break in, since I was not sure if it would be safe or not,” Peter replied.
“That was smart. Okay, I’ll check it out. Why don’t you go back to the sidewalk and wait for the ambulance,” Scott requests of Peter.
“Sure, let me know if I can help,” Peter said as he began walking back to the sidewalk.
As Peter reached the sidewalk, he noticed the flashing red lights of the ambulance as it rushed toward him from his right, as the police car had done. Peter raised his hand to flag down the ambulance. The ambulance pulled in behind Scott’s car. The two paramedics got out with each carrying their emergency kits. They approached Peter and one asked “Hi is there someone injured here?”
“I believe so. Officer Harrison is checking the house now,” Peter replied facing the house.
He noticed Scott walking quickly toward them.
“Guys, we have an elderly man down inside the house. He has massive head trauma and is not moving. I’ll see if I can get the door open,” Scott said to the paramedics.
“Sure Scott, we’ll follow you,” One of the paramedics responded.
“Peter, stay back on the sidewalk,” Scott instructed him.
“Okay,” Peter responded, nodding his head.
Scott led the paramedics up the front walked and onto the porch. Peter squinted to see what was happening. Scott removed something from his belt, possibly a heavy flashlight, and walked toward the door. Using the flashlight, Scott broke a window pane in the front door. Scott knocked more of the glass chips from the pane, then carefully reached through the door for the inside door knob. The door opened and Scott entered the house. The paramedics followed quickly behind. Scott walked back toward one side of the doorway for a moment and the chandelier turned on, illuminating the scene below. With his heart beating faster, Peter stared through the open doorway at the paramedics examining Vernon on the floor. After about a minute of prodding and probing Vernon, one paramedic shook his head toward the other paramedic and to Scott. 
Peter could feel a lump forming in his throat as he realized what had happened to Vernon. While Peter was taking a deep breath, Scott reached for the two-way radio attached to this collar said something into it. Peter could not hear what he was saying. Scott then said something to the paramedics. They closed up their kits, and walked out onto the porch. As Peter watched, Scott appeared to be looking carefully around the foyer. He stared at the chandelier for a moment, at Vernon’s body, and then toward the top of the stairway. While looking back at the chandelier, Scott appeared to have a confused look on his face. Scott turned back toward the stairway and began to walk up the steps, gradually disappearing from view as he neared the top.
Peter and the few other neighbors who were outside, waited patiently to see what was happening in the house. After a few minutes, Scott returned down the steps to the foyer again. A revving of an approaching car and more flashing lights signaled Peter that another emergency vehicle was arriving. Another police car pulled up to the curb in front of Peter’s house. Peter saw that Chief Campbell was getting out of the car. He walked to the rear of the car and opened the trunk. He then removed a metallic case. After shutting the trunk, he headed toward Vernon’s house. As Chief Campbell approached Peter, he slowed his pace and said “Peter, you are here too?”
Peter was a bit surprised at the reaction, but replied “Yes Mark, Vernon’s is . . . or I guess now, was my neighbor.”
As Mark continued past Peter, he said “Well, don’t go far. I’m sure we will have questions for you.”
“I’ll either be out here or in my house here,” Peter said pointing to his house.
Mark continued on the sidewalk to the porch where he met Scott. They could be seen discussing things with Scott pointing things out such as the foyer, the top of the stairs, the chandelier, and of course Vernon’s body, which had not been moved. Peter was glad he did not enter the house. The way Mark had looked at him had given him the feeling he was already a suspect. After a few minutes, Peter saw flashes inside of Vernon’s house. He then saw Scott pointing a camera up the stairway and other locations. Mark made suggestions as to what should be captured in the photos. Peter sighed to himself as he continued to watch the investigation. Since he really had not sleep well that night, he found that he was still very tired, despite everything that was happening.

About ten minutes later, two sheriff cars arrived. The sheriff deputies walked inside to talk with Scott and Mark. One deputy got some type of kit from his car and the other started putting up yellow ‘Police Line’ tape around Vernon’s house. A few minutes later, Mark was heading from the house to his car. Peter was thinking he wanted to go back to bed soon, so he attracted his attention.
“Hey Mark, you have a minute?” Peter asked while motioning his arm to call Mark closer.
“Sure Peter, what do you need?” Mark responded, as he walked up close to Peter on the sidewalk.
“Well, first I was wondering if it would be okay if I went back to bed. I haven’t been able to sleep well the past few nights,” Peter asked.
“That should be okay. We need to continue processing the scene for a quite a while anyway. We should still be here in the morning. You can either head over and we can talk or if it gets too late I’ll come over and we can talk at your house,” Mark replied.
“I’ll plan on coming over in the morning after I get up,” Peter replied.
“You said that was the first thing. Was there something else?” Mark asked.
“Oh yes, I just wanted to know how things were going in Vernon’s house?” Peter asked.
Mark sighed and looked back at the house for a moment. He then turned back to Peter and replied “Well, we’ll have to keep some of the details confidential, but you may have already figured out that Vernon is dead,” Mark replied.
Peter nodded slowly and said “Yes, I figured that much. It almost seemed as if Scott was puzzled by something earlier though.”
“Very strange scene so far,” Mark said then looked back toward the house. “He had massive head trauma, and there appears to be some blood on the chandelier. We just can’t figure out how he would have hit it though, especially falling down the steps. The bottom of fixture is at least eight feet above the floor.”
“Yeah, I saw the chandelier swinging when I looked out of my window right after I heard the sounds,” Peter added.
“Scott mentioned a few things about what you saw and I’ll get more from you when we talk later too, but you said it was a male scream, a crash, and then a thump,” Mark said.
“Yeah, that’s pretty much what I heard. The sounds were one right after another too,” Peter adds.
“Well the crash and the thump would be consistent with hitting the chandelier and the floor, but I’m not sure where the scream fits in, unless he was falling. You didn’t hear anything like him falling down steps though, did you?” Mark asked.
Peter thought for a moment, and then replied “No, it just was a constant agonized scream.”
“Hmm . . . well maybe will learn more from the autopsy. We’ll have to consider if he was pushed I suppose, but hitting the chandelier would be quite a stretch,” Mark said.
“Well, at least I knew to stay out of the house. So there will not be any of my finger prints inside,” Peter adds.
“Well, we will be looking for prints soon to see what that reveals, but that was smart for you to stay outside. You likely could not have helped him if you got inside anyway,” Mark said.
Peter sighed and said “I wish I could have helped him. He was a bit weird at first, but he opened up just yesterday.”
“Weird huh, well I’ll ask you more about that tomorrow. Get some sleep Peter,” Mark said.
“Okay, thanks Mark,” Peter said as he began walking back to his house. He then stopped and asked “Mark, am I going to be safe in my house?”
Mark sighed and replied “Well, we’ll be right next door if you need us. I’m not sure what happened here. We’ll all have to be alert I guess. I may be looking into the history of your house more intently than I originally planned.”
Peter was a bit surprised, but still ready to return to bed.
He replied “Well I can go over what I have learned with you later this morning.”
“Okay, I’ll see you then. Thanks Peter,” Mark replied.
“Well, good luck with the search. Thanks,” Peter replied.
Mark just nodded and headed to continue to his car again. Peter walked along the sidewalk and made his way to his front porch. As he was on the front walk, he continued to stare at the scene to his left at Vernon’s house. After opening the front door, he walked inside, stopped in the foyer for a moment. He closed his eyes and sighed. After a deep breath, he opened his eyes again. He then stared going up the steps. There was a metallic thud from below. He stopped mid-stride on the steps to listen closer. After waiting a minute or so and not hearing anything else, he continued up the stairs.
He managed to return to bed. Since it was cooler inside, he decided to close the bedroom window. In bed, he found that he was able to fall asleep without much trouble.



XXI

The sound of a car door slamming roused Peter from his slumber. The light of day entered through the window. After his eyes were able to focus through the window, he saw that there was still some fog lingering outside. He was still somewhat tired, but definitely felt better than when he went to bed earlier that morning. While sitting on the edge of the bed, he stood up and walked to the bathroom for a shower.

After having some coffee and a bowl of cereal, Peter decided to head outside to talk with the police again. He walked from the kitchen to the hallway then to the foyer. He pulled the front door open. The police and sheriff cars were still in front of Vernon’s house, but the ambulance was no longer there. The fog was all but gone. Peter walked onto the porch, looking toward Vernon’s house with curiosity. Mark and Scott were on the front walk near Vernon’s porch discussing something. He headed down the steps from the porch and to his front walk. He cut across the lawn toward Vernon’s house. When he was about halfway, he had to duck under the yellow police tape. At that point, Scott noticed him, and he nodded his head to signal Mark that someone was approaching. Mark turned around awaiting Peter to join them.
“Morning Peter. Did you get any sleep?” Mark asked.
“Yes, for some reason I was able to sleep fairly well. It’s never enough though,” Peter replied.
“Yeah, we understand that one too. Are you ready to talk now, Peter?” Mark asked.
“Yep, where would you like to do this?” Peter asked.
“Well since this is a crime scene inside, so would it be okay if we talked on the porch?” Mark asked.
“As long as that would not get in the way of your search, it is fine with me,” Peter replied.
“Okay, let’s walk up to the porch. Scott, I can handle things from here.”
“Sure Chief. I’ll be inside if you need me for anything,” Scott replied.
“All right, thanks,” Mark said as the three of them started up the front steps to the porch.
Peter and Mark headed for chairs on the porch, and Scott walked through open front door to go inside of the house. Peter and Mark each took a seat in old painted wicker chairs opposite each other.
“Well have you been able to find anything new about what happened to Vernon?” Peter asked.
Mark shook his head and replied “No, so far we have not been able to find much in the house or outside. One question for you to start, did you hear any sounds in addition to the scream, crash and thud?”
“No, those are the sounds I heard in that order. Are you interested in any particular sound?” Peter asked.
“Well, the only thing we could think of that may have caused Vernon to be flung into the chandelier would be some type of explosion. So we are looking for any clues that something like that could have happened. Could there have been a low whooshing sound before the scream?” Mark asked.
Peter shook his head and said “Well if there was anything like that, I didn’t hear it.”
Mark sighed then said “We didn’t see any clues inside either, but I had to ask since that’s the only thing we can think of for now.”
“The three sounds are the only ones I remember hearing,” Peter added.
“Okay, what have you learned about the background of your house?” Mark asked as he took out a notebook and a pen to write things down.
“Okay, I got most of this from Vernon. From what I can remember, Mildred Kroft disappeared in 2002, and her husband . . . Oliver, yeah, Oliver. He disappeared in 1988. Then before that the house was owned by Russell and Clara Hanford, who disappeared in 1967,” Peter explains.
“Okay Russell and Clara Hanford in 1967, got it,” Mark commented as he wrote down the information.
“Before that it was a Mathias and Erika Wahl who owned the house. Erika disappeared first, and a few weeks later Mathias disappeared. Both disappeared in 1933,” Peter continued.
“Anybody live in the house between the Wahl’s and Hanford’s,” Mark asked.
“Not from the search I have done up to now. As far as I know the Hanford’s moved in sometime after the Wahl’s disappeared,” Peter replied.
“Have you been able to find any link between any of the couples who lived in the house,” Mark asked.
“Hmm . . . I hadn’t really looked for that yet, but I have not seen anything yet that would say any of the people were related. Also, as far as I know, I’m not related to anyone in the house either,” Peter replied.
“How about any of Sarah’s relatives?” Mark asked.
Peter sighed and paused for a moment, then said “No relations to any of the owners that I’ve heard of on her side.”
“Okay, what else have you been able find out about the history of the house?” Mark asked.
“Well Mathias and Erika were the first owners as far as I know. Let’s see, Erika was involved in many activities around town. You know various clubs and that kind of thing, and Mathias didn’t get out much other than for his work,” Peter replied.
“Did you find out what his job was?” Mark asked.
“I think Vernon said that he repaired and installed furnaces,” Peter said.
“Hmm . . . well, I’m not sure looking back that far will help, but it’s interesting at least. Did you come across any kind of a pattern or something in common with the homeowners?” Mark probed.
Peter paused a moment and said “No, nothing in common that I know of. This whole thing with Sarah disappearing and now Vernon being killed is just really strange.”
Mark gazed down at the floor of the porch for a moment, and then looked back toward Peter. He asked “Earlier you mentioned that Vernon was a bit weird. I think that’s how you put it. What did you mean by that?”
“Well, soon after we bought the house, he walked over to us and basically said that we should not have bought the house, and that it’s cursed. Now I kind of regret that I didn’t listen to him,” Peter responded.
“So now you think it’s the house that is doing all of these bad things?” Mark asked.
“I don’t know, Mark,” Peter said, shaking his head and staring at the floor. “Maybe there’s something to what Vernon said. I have seen and heard strange things in the house, but I can’t imagine anything going this far.”
“Do you think someone could be trying to make you think something is happening in your house?” Mark asked.
Peter sat up straight and looked directly at Mark. 
He then replied “That’s an interesting idea. I hadn’t thought about things that way before. I suppose some of the things I have experience could be explained that way, if someone was really trying to fool me. But there have been things that have happened were I know I’m the only one in the house. So again I guess I still don’t know what’s going on.”
“Do you know of anybody that may be angry with you or possibly Sarah?” Mark asked.
Peter paused for a moment, shook his head, and replied “No, we have not been around here long enough to upset people that much, right?”
“Well it may not take long to make someone angry, but then again, unless they are visibly angry you may not know it,” Mark commented.
As he nodded his head in agreement, Peter said “Yeah that’s true. I just can’t imagine anyone getting upset enough to try to trick me and . . . could they have done anything to Sarah,” Peter said looking down at the floor.
He brought his hand to his mouth as he thought about Sarah again.
Mark sighed “We don’t have any answers yet, but we’ll go over this house thoroughly and then let you know if we need your input again.”
“So you have enough from me now, I take it?” Peter asked.
“Yeah, we have more to do here and we’ll take it from there, okay?” Mark replied.
“Okay with me. I’ll let you know if I can think of anything else that will help too,” Peter added.
“Be sure to do that. This is a strange one so far. Thanks Peter,” Mark said beginning to stand up.
As Peter stood up as well, then replied “Thank to you too, Mark.”
Mark turned and walked toward the front door to go back inside of the house. Peter head to the porch steps. As he walked down the steps, he noticed a few neighbors still watching Vernon’s house. He avoided making eye contact. Ducking under the yellow police tape to reach the sidewalk, he continued heading back to his house on the sidewalk. As he walked, he realized he heard the faint voices of two young girls, between seven and eight, sitting on the lawn next door to his. They were facing each other and were patting their hands together in various rhythmic patterns while signing what he recognized to be old nursery rhymes. When he reached the front walk to his house, the two girls start chanting the nursery rhyme Peter, Peter Pumpkin Eater. For some reason, he found himself listening to the words more intently than he ever done before. His feet began to feel heavy as the meaning of the words sank in. Slowly he turned his head toward the two girls, and his jaw dropped as they completed the rhyme. He stood motionless staring at the two girls. One of the girls noticed him and looked back at him. The other turned toward him as well.
The one who noticed him first asked “Are you all right mister?”
The question brought Peter back, and he replied “Yeah, yeah . . . I just was admiring you singing.”
The same girl replied “Thanks mister. I hope they find your wife.”
The other girl agreed “Yeah.”
Peter managed to take a quick breath and reply “Umm . . . thanks girls.”
He faced his porch and continued walking toward it. He felt himself trembling as he reached the steps. Using the railing, he guided himself up to the porch. He could not look back at the two girls. At the front door, he paused for a moment and closed his eyes for a moment. After opening them up again, he reached for the door handle, pushed the door inward, and walked into the foyer. 
After closing the door behind him, he leaned his back up against it. His eyes stared blankly toward the stairs as his mind swirled with the lines of the nursery rhyme repeating over and over. What did it mean? Did it mean anything for him?  His heart was beating strong enough to create a pulsating sound in his ears. He was not able to answer the questions racing through his mind. Was there anything meant by a pumpkin shell? Maybe it was nothing and he was getting worked up for nothing. He knew he would need some time to think about the new questions before he could determine whether they meant anything or not. Maybe looking in the office would lead to more information.
He opened his eyes again, pushed himself away from the door, and began walking toward the rear of the house to the office. He paused for a moment when he noticed the office door being shut. Since he could not remember if he had shut it before, it likely was something he did himself. He tried to push the door open into the room. For some reason, it seemed very difficult to push, as if something was leaning against it. It did open after he leaned into it and forced it open. When he could see what was blocking it, he saw that the door had a clear path to swing into the room. Confused again, Peter just shook his head and continued into the room.
He took a seat in the office chair. After another sigh, he picked up one of the folders from earlier. He pulled out another newspaper clipping to review. After scanning it for a moment he realized it was another photo of Mathias. He was posing in front of the furnace store. Peter focused uneasily on Mathias’ image. The almost crazed eyes appeared to peer though time again, and directly at Peter. Very unnerved with the photo, Peter set the clipping down on the desk. Looking out the window to his right, he managed to calm down again after about a minute. Looking back at the clipping, he tried to focus on other objects in the photo. The store front was relatively small, but that was all that may have been needed for the service based business. A partial view of Mathias’ truck was parked in front of the store. It was a very old stake truck with what looked like large metal plates propped against the sides. A few large metal bottles appeared to be tied to the sides as well. Peter believed they may have been welding equipment.
Still puzzled, he set the clipping aside, opened the accordion file again, and pulled out another stack of news clippings. He spent a fair amount of time reviewing the articles, but did not find anything that he felt would really help find Sarah or what happened to Vernon. His stomach growled slightly, and he decided to find some lunch before deciding what to do next.
He stood up and turned around. The office door was shut. He knew that he did not shut it. As he stared at the closed door for a moment, the room seemed to darken for some reason, even with daylight coming through the window. Perhaps the sun was going behind a cloud. He could almost sense something was about to happen. It continued to darken in the room. Feeling very uneasy, he started to tremble. Or was it something else trembling? Soon he started to hear the glass globe in the wall sconce vibrating as well as other things hanging on the wall. His chest began to tighten as if something was pressing against it. The sound and vibration did a crescendo for a moment then abruptly stopped. The pressure on his chest was no longer there either. He was unsure of what just happened. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath.
Still wanting to leave the room, he stepped to the door. As he pulled the door open, he realizes it was much easier to open. He swung it back and forth a few times to test it. Not able to figure out what happened earlier, he just propped the door aside and walked into the hall toward the kitchen. Looking at the clock in the kitchen, he noted that it was close to lunch time. Despite still feeling somewhat uneasy, he decided he would get something for lunch. He walked over to the refrigerator and opened it to see what was inside.

After lunch, Peter first thought about returning to the office to do some more research, but he had second thoughts. As he set the dishes in the sink, he remembered the pressure on his chest and everything shaking. To him it was like someone, or something did not want him in there. His breathing started to increase when he remembered that Sarah spent a fair amount of time in the office trying to find some kind of clues before she disappeared. Maybe she found something she was not supposed to find. If there was something in the office, what was it? He could not think of anything that serious in the items he had examined. He did find out information on the previous owners, but nothing that stood out in his mind as enough to cause some type of curse. Was there actually a curse on the house like Vernon said? He just closed his eyes again as the questions went through his mind. He took a deep breath and exhaled slowly in an attempt to calm down. Wanting to do something to ease his mind, he decided to watch some television for a while. He took one more deep breath. After tapping the edge of the sink two times, he turned and began heading toward the living room with the television.

Peter was unable to gain the confidence to return to the office. It was dark as he finished a simple dinner. As he sat at the kitchen table, he stared at the few remaining sandwich pieces he made for dinner. It hit him how things had really changed for the worse since Sarah disappeared. He had been excited to move to Wharton, but since she disappeared the excitement had disappeared as well. All the reasons for moving here now seemed so trivial. He got to live in a small town with a good job. The job; he had been so sidetracked lately, he barely thought about his job. As he thought about the returning to work, he had no idea when he would be ready to start again. The thought of being cheerful and trying to sell houses to people, still seemed something too difficult for him to try. He picked up the plate and silverware, stood up from the chair, and walked to the sink. He set the plate and silverware into the sink along with the lunch dishes, which had not been washed either.
Feeling very tired, he walked out of the kitchen toward the foyer. Pausing at the front door, he peered out of the window toward the street in front of Vernon’s house. The police and sheriff cars were no longer parked in front of his house. They must have finished up for the day at least, he figured. He walked away from the door and head toward the stairs. Slowly he made his way up the steps using his hand on the railing to aid his climb. The treads creaked with each step. He felt numb to the sound as he continued to the second floor. At the top of the stairs he slowly walked around the open hallway to the bedroom. He opened the bedroom door and pushed it into the darkened room. After turning on the light, he paused briefly. He shook his head, realizing he did not feel like washing his face or anything. He just wanted to go to bed. After a brief pause, he went to the dresser to find something to wear to bed.



XXII

Peter stirred from a deep sleep later that evening. His head felt unbalanced and his stomach was upset. Through his clouded mind he could hear what sounded like Sarah. Trying to focus and listen closer, he could hear Sarah saying “Peter, come down here quick.”  It was muffled, as if she was in the basement. He was puzzled since her voice does not seem distressed. As he rolled over and began to swing his feet off the bed, he became aware that he really felt drunk. Fighting the dizziness, he managed to stand up along the side of the bed. He headed straight to the partially open door and pushed it fully open. Feeling as if he did not have any control, he watched as he staggered into the hallway. The stairway light was on, and he made his way around to the stair landing. He supported himself by using both hands to keep his balance. Stumbling to the top of the stairs, he ran into the wall along the stairs. Stunned for a moment, he shook it off and continued down the steps. He slowly staggered down the steps. One hand was on the railing and the other on the opposite wall. He continued to feel unbalanced as he neared the bottom of the stairs.
His vision was blurry. Something caused him to pause for a moment as he reached the foyer. The light in the foyer faded. Through his distorted vision, he could see a dark gray vaporous form entering the room from all around. It seemed to be surrounding him. At first he thought he was spinning, but he realized it was the gray smoke like mass which was swirling around him. It soon closed in on him and engulfed him, blocking out the light from the rest of the room. The swirling cloud was intense. He tried to fight as he could feel it starting to spin him around and lift him off the ground. His arms flailed and his feet attempted to kick at whatever force had him in the uncontrollable spin. It had no effect on what ever was attacking him. Sharp pains could be felt in his forearms as something scratched him as he resisted. He gasped for breath as it seemed like the room did not have enough air. A loud bang filled his ears along with a vertical rectangle of gray light that he could see as he spun around. The swirling began to slow. He realized the rectangle was the open front door. At a certain point the swirling was no longer strong enough to keep him suspended in the air, and he dropped violently to the floor. The combination of being impaired and the dizziness of being spun around, took its toll, and his consciousness faded. 
He abruptly woke up in bed in a drenching sweat and his heart pounding. It dawned on him that his mind has just relived what happened the Saturday morning Sarah disappeared. As he sat in bed breathing heavy, he tried to think what the dream meant. If it was true, it meant that he was not the one that did anything to Sarah. Unfortunately it did not tell him what happened to Sarah, however. The only new information was that she had been downstairs and wanted him to come see something. Not knowing what to look for downstairs, he decided there was not much he could do. After a few minutes he was able to calm himself down. He decided to go to the bathroom, splash some cold water on his face, and then try to get back to sleep. He turned the sheet to the side and slid his legs off the bed. After a sigh, he stood up and headed toward the bathroom.

Peter was able to sleep again. As he slept soundly, his dreams were not nearly as intense as before. A sound startled him awake. Groggy, he opened his eyes and he tried to focus on the source of the sound he heard. As he propped himself up, he could hear a woman’s voice again. His heart sunk as he recognized the voice as Sarah’s. Focusing intently on the voice, he heard it again, and could tell that she was saying “Peter!”  A few moments later he could hear her saying “Help me!” With his heart thumping loudly within his chest, he dropped his legs to the floor. He tried to control his breathing enough to focus on her voice. Walking toward the bedroom door, the floor squeaked loud enough to almost obscure Sarah’s voice. He tried to lighten his steps. He stopped for a moment to listen to her voice saying “Help me!” To him, the voice seemed to be traveling through the large heating grate in the wall, not too far from the bedroom door.
He opened the bedroom door and walked into the hallway. He turned on the hallway lights before walking further into the hall. In the hallway he could still hear Sarah’s voice drifting up from the stairway below him. Recognizing that the voice was at least coming from downstairs, he quickened his pace as he made his way around the railing to the top of the stairs. Continuing to keep a hurried but cautious pace, he began to walk down the steps. Sarah’s voice echoed from somewhere below.
Using his ears as a guide, he walked past the stairway, down the hallway to the kitchen. At this point, he realized where he needed to go, the basement. As he circled around through the kitchen, his pace slowed. Sarah’s voice continued to cry out to him, but he could also make out the sounds of other voices. At least one or two other women and maybe a man’s voice as well. All were in distress as Sarah’s voice was. Peter was very puzzled as he approached the basement door.
Very uncertain what he would find, but wanting to do anything to help Sarah, he reached for the knob to the basement door and he began to slowly pull it open. A chill swept over him from the pitch black basement. It seemed very cool, if not cold. The basement was usually cool, but this was more than he remembered. Not knowing what to expect below, and the unusually cold air caused Peter to tremble. His trembling hand moved toward the light switch inside of the doorway. The air past the doorway felt much cooler to him then the air in the hallway. After moving the switch, the two incandescent bulbs cast a yellowish light into the basement below. For some reason, the lights appeared restricted and the room seems only a slight improvement from pitch black.
Still hearing voices below, he took a deep breath and then exhaled. He slowly started down the stairs. Gripping the railing as he carefully continued down the stairs, he stayed alert realizing there could be someone or something down there, other than just the voices he was hearing. About halfway down the steps, he stopped as the thought occurred to him that the voices could have been in his head. He was not hearing them at the moment. What if they were not in his head, though? He felt he needed to continue, so he did. The treads creaked as his weight was transferred with each step. As he reached the bottom of the stairs he carefully listened for sounds to see if he could determine where they were coming from. Some of the voices had tapered off before he started walking down the steps. Hoping to hear more he waited patiently at the bottom of the stairs. While waiting, the chill from the room caused him to rub his hands together for warmth. He commented “Wow, it’s so cold down here.”
After nearly a minute of waiting Sarah’s voice was the next voice he heard. It sounded like it was coming from his left from somewhere near the furnace. He walked in front of the furnace slowly then walked between it and the workbench. As he peered behind the furnace, he could not see anything strange other than a few odd shadows. Confused, he stared at the area between the furnace and the steel plate wall behind it. Another woman’s voice appeared to come from behind the steel plating.
Wanting to listen closer, Peter quietly walked behind the furnace and placed his right ear against one of the larger steel panels. As he leaned against the wall, it moved inward slightly. Startled, he pulled back and stared at it for a moment. He then used his hand to push against the large steel plate. It was heavy, but it swung inward to reveal a pitch black and very cold room. A spider web stretched near the top of the panel and then broke. Staring into the room for a few seconds and moving his head to the right and left, did not reveal any details of what was inside.
He needed more light. Remembering the flashlight on the workbench, he stepped away from the newly found room, and walked to the workbench. The flashlight was where he had left it earlier. He retrieved it and turned it on. The beam was weak and only cast a narrow yellowish orange beam. Shining the light behind the furnace onto the rusty orange steel plates caused him to pause for a moment. As he did, he could hear the nursery rhyme “Peter, Peter Pumpkin Eater” again in his mind. His jaw dropped slowly and his open widen when he thought about the “pumpkin shell” part as he stared at the pattern of the rusty orange steel plates, with the now open secret door.
His heart pounded as he inched toward the pitch black room. He had to duck slightly to enter the room. His forehead brushed up against some of the spider web that had broken near the top. Soon after clearing the path of the door, his left foot kicked something. He shined the light downward, and he could see the floor of the room was covered with lumps of coal. This must have been the old coal bin for the gravity furnace before it was converted to gas, he guessed. As he stood in the room for a moment, he realized he could almost see his breath as it passed into the cold air. He shined the light to his left. The beam passed over what appeared to be old tattered clothing covered in dust strewn atop the coal. He guided the beam along the clothing until it revealed a mummified face. Shocked but curious, he moved closer to see if he could see enough detail to recognize the body. The head appeared to be partially crushed just above and behind the left ear. From the hair coloring and features, the head appeared to him to appear like Mildred’s husband Oliver.
Lifting the light slightly upward, he found another body strewn along side Oliver. He quickly recognized the second body as Mildred’s. Moving the beam off to the left of Mildred’s body he saw more bodies lying prone on the coal remaining in the abandoned bin. Looking at the disfigured and decaying faces he recognized more of the remains as Russell and Clara Hanford. Absent was the smell of decaying flesh. This could possibly be due to the frigid state of the basement and maybe the coal, he thought to himself.
Trembling from the sights before him, he panned the flashlight to his right. Another body came into view in the narrow pattern of the flashlight. The sight of the newer clothes on the body caused him to shake almost uncontrollably as he recognized that it was the nightgown Sarah wore the night she disappeared. In the left hand of the body, there was a flashlight still clutched tightly, but dark. When his flashlight shined to reveal her face, his trembling hands dropped his flashlight. It landed with a thud against the coal on the floor. The light flickered briefly, but remained on in its weakened state. Overcome with grief, he dropped to his knees and stared toward Sarah’s body. The uneven coal lumps pressed sharply into his knees. After a minute or so, the pain made him more aware of his surroundings. Still trembling, he slowly reached for the flashlight on the floor. After picking it up he shined it toward Sarah’s face again. Like the others, her skull was crushed as well.
He shifted the flashlight beam beyond Sarah to reveal another older appearing decayed body. This time it was a male sitting against the wall. The body has a pistol still clutched in the hands and a large concave hole in the chest where the heart was. He began to recognize the leathery face as resembling the images he had seen of Mathias. As Peter shined the light toward the face, the black sunken eye sockets gaze blankly toward him as the eyes in the one photo Peter had found of Mathias. Everything started to sink in as he panned the flashlight around to survey the scene. Several people had perished in this room.
Trembling as he clutched the flashlight, he began to stand up from his knees. The metal door groaned as it swung, and the light entering from the basement faded to nothing. The loud slam stopped Peter in his tracks. The flashlight dropped from his hand and the light went out. Total darkness surrounded him as he remained motionless and stunned. From behind, it almost sounded as if one of the bodies was stirring. A stern male voice with a German accent said “Anyone who tries to take my Erika from me shall perish!” With a sharp blow to the back of the head, Peter collapsed to the ground on top of what he believed may be Sarah’s body. Only a few moments later, the intense pain hit him. The warm blood front the fresh wound began to pass through his hair and partially onto his neck. As his consciousness started to fade, in the darkness he could see a gray form standing before him. It was Sarah. She motioned to him to come toward her. Somehow he was able to rise and walked toward her. As they stood together in the pitch black room, he realized he was not seeing a light to guide them.

###



About the Author:
John T. Gaffield is an automotive engineer in southeast Michigan with a wife and two children. He published his first novel, "Heir to Winston Manor," in October 2010 as an ebook. "Heir to Winston Manor" is story of a large haunted house set on the west coast of Michigan. You have finished reading John’s second book, "The Wahl House Curse.”  John has written a few horror short stories as well.

John uses his past memories and his local knowledge combined with his engineering sense of detail to create realistic ghost stories. He has an interest in ghost stories and creepy old haunted houses. 

John’s third full length horror novel, “Alone Again,” should be released later in 2011. So stay tuned!


Other Titles by John T. Gaffield available on Smashwords.com:
Heir to Winston Manor
https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/33016


Connect with me online:
https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/JohnTGaffield

NOTE: Free short stories are available from Smashwords.


