The Nightmares of J.T. Night: Anthology I
Church of the Living Dolls

Christopher Teese, writing as J.T. Night

Published by Christopher Teese/J.T. Night at Smashwords

Copyright 2020 Christopher Teese/J.T. Night

Cover Art: David Baker (MoonPrismStudios)

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

The Nightmares of J.T. Night Series Explanation

The Nightmares of J.T. Night is an anthology of short horror stories that follows dream logic. Unlike most horror stories in which there is some necessary suspension of disbelief in order to make it feel like the story fits within ‘reality’ (or some sort of quasi-reality), each story in the Nightmares of J.T. Night series is designed to mimic the feel of a literal dream-nightmare, complete with all the absurdities and illogical logic that dreams are known to have. Whenever we’re in a dream, we feel like it is really real and don’t notice just how much of it is actually illogical or absurd until we wake up. And yet – even in a waking state, looking back at just how illogical and unrealistic the dream actually was, the emotions we feel and experience in the dreams can still leave an impact on us as if we had actually really lived the experience, regardless of whether the events in the dream itself was actually “real” or not. That is what the stories in this series try to recreate. The stories themselves – as far as any suspension of disbelief may be – are absurd and illogical and contain deliberate inconsistencies just as you would encounter them in a dream. But does that make the stories any less terrifying? I don’t think it does, and I thought I’d explore that idea in this series. To my knowledge, nobody has ever done an anthology series like this, or, at least, I’ve never been able to find one, and I thought it would be something fun to do. I hope you enjoy these stories as much as I’m enjoying writing them!

Church of the Living Dolls

The day is blue and beautiful as I get off from work. There is hardly a cloud in the skies, and I can hear several birds singing their joyous songs in the trees in the mostly concrete parking lot of the grocery store which I call home eight hours a day, several times a week.
It’s an okay job.
It pays for my college, my social life, and the entertainment activities I am not shy about splurging a good amount of my paycheck on.
I am talking about video games, obviously.
The day is cool and breezy as I get off from work. A perfect day. I have to stop and pause and take it all in. At this moment, I am quite convinced nothing can ruin this day for me.
I don’t normally like working the morning shift, but getting off like this with time to do things in the evening is quite alright. Come to think of it, I have been working a lot of morning shifts lately. Me and James and Steve. It’s kind of odd. We’ve been the night crew for… how many years now? It doesn’t make sense that we’re suddenly the morning crew.
But whatever. Maybe it won’t be such a bad thing. Maybe now I can finally have a real social life. I need to find out what James is doing later. Maybe we can hit up the town in the evening and get into some trouble.
I walk to my vehicle, a bright yellow Ford Explorer. 
Never lose this in a parking lot, that’s for sure.
I get in and start the engine.
Yes, indeed.
Going to head home, get relaxed, see what mom and dad are up to, do some homework, maybe play some videogames, then perhaps some hang out with Steve and James if they’re free. 
As I drive, I think to myself.
Steve and James are my best friends. We’ve been through everything together. And we happen to work in the same department at the same workplace together. That was more happenstance than anything else. But it’s good happenstance, nonetheless.
Hard to tell which friend is closer. I can tell James anything. I’m more relaxed around James, and we get into more mischief together. He’s a heavyset nerdish guy, with a ‘great big bushy beard’ as I like to joke sometimes (making reference to the movie Hot Fuzz), as well as a complete skeptic to his core as while being paradoxically open-minded and somewhat self-centered but at the same time a good guy at heart and not nearly selfish enough for me to feel compelled to no longer call him ‘friend’ anymore.
Steve, on the other hand, is something else. Big guy. Very big guy. Into martial arts and all that. Blond hair. Square face. Smooth, he hates facial hair. He looks like something straight out of Street Fighter, and if you’ve ever sparred with him, that’s not a very inaccurate descriptor.
Very much into philosophy, I can talk to him about things on a much deeper level than most people. But he can also be very narrow minded. His rather Socratic manner of questioning, though intelligent by all means, is for seldom more than curving you around toward his point of view by any means possible. But he’s alright. I have to have friends like James, though, to balance me out. One keeps me down to Earth. The other keeps me from being so down to Earth I lose sight of perspective.
I’ve sparred with Steve before. I’m not quite the martial artist that he is, but I’ve sparred with him in Kendo enough times. Using fake swords made of insulation and PBC pipes, we’ve often gone down to an isolated wooded area in a local park and trained on the basics. 
I’m not nearly as good as he is, but on the other hand, I think I’m getting much better. Steve has taught me lots of techniques having to do with ‘fake-outs’, making it look like I’m going to strike one way, and then suddenly pulling back and striking another location. It can honestly be downright scary fighting him sometimes due to his size, but I’ve always been able to manage.
I think that’s why I haven’t gotten much better than I am now.
The image of his gigantic stature charging for me with a raised blunt object would make most people lose it in their pants, I think. I must confess, I often drop my sword and back off (or run) when this happens, while James just sits and laughs on the sidelines.
James has never joined in. ‘Not for me, bro.’ he always says, and sits under a tree or on a rock or something and smokes a cigarette or five.
I don’t know why I persist. Perhaps it’s a lack in my own personal pride, a compulsion, something I feel I need to do. Perhaps I need to do it to prove to myself that I can, that I’m not a coward, that I can rise above myself. That no matter what, I won’t be passive, I’ll be courageous, and that alone will give my life meaning.
The few times I’ve fought against someone other than Steve, I’m really not half-bad, honestly. Every now and then Steve ropes someone else from college or work into fighting with us. 
But it’s rare. As I’ve said, Steve intimidates people. And it’s not often that people come back.
Me and Steve and James together make a veritable Three Stooges. Our personalities are so different, you’d think us not compatible as longtime buddies at all. But I guess we complement each other in some way. James the mischievous. Steve the philosopher. Me, Jason… whatever the heck I am. Introverted-extroverted professional cut-up and video game junkie. How’s that? Yeah. Sounds about right.
I drive along, on this beautiful day, pausing to reflect on how strange it’s cool like this in the midst of summer. But we had a really cold winter. And we’ve been in a drought. I’m enjoying the weather, but I hope we aren’t in the midst of a drought for too long. In the area where I live, there are lots of trees. A fire getting started in this area is never fun.
The town I live in is called Forest Edge. It lives up to its name. There are trees everywhere. The town is dedicated to the preservation of trees. Plus, it looks really nice, even though it can be hard to find stuff sometimes and can be a veritable maze if you get lost. You can’t honestly even see the store I work at until you’re right upon it.
I blink my eyes as I suddenly realize I don’t know where I am. I look around carefully. I don’t recognize the street I’m on. There are trees all around, as expected, and I’m passing by several nice neighborhoods. But I’m not sure where I am.
I stop. How on Earth did this happen? I was going the way I always come to and from work. Did I accidentally turn on the wrong road while I was lost in my head?
Typical. I’m always getting lost in my head. Half the time I swear I’m going on autopilot and not aware of what I’m even doing.
I sigh and pull over to the curb. It takes seconds to bring my GPS out and plug it into the outlet on my dashboard and mount it on my windshield. I press the button to boot it up. Nothing.
Frowning, I take it down and try again. As I play around with it for a while, I find I cannot turn it on. I check my connection to the outlet. It seems fine. And I’m pretty sure it was somewhat charged anyway. It should be coming on.
I poke around with it some more, and the screen flickers, then dies. More playing around with it, the screen comes on for a few more seconds, but it’s acting very glitched up.
I sigh in frustration. This GPS unit is fairly new. I bought it a few months ago to replace my last one that finally broke. Hopefully I still have the receipt and it’s still under warranty.
I put it back on the glove box. Next I pull out my phone. My intent is to pull up a map or call someone.
And this is when I get really irritated. I can see that my battery has suddenly dropped to the red. It was still at 92% when I left work. Now it’s at 35% and dropping. And the screen is glitching up, too.
Now I’m simply confused. This doesn’t make a whole lot of sense. It makes me significantly more worried in ways I had not been before. I don’t know why. It’s just too bizarre of a coincidence.
In order to preserve what’s left of my phone’s power, I switch it off and put it in its holder on my pants.
I realize I’m going to have to ask someone for directions. My only hope is to keep driving until I come across someone. I drive for a little while. I pass multiple neighborhoods, trying to look and see if anything looks familiar.
Finally, I turn on a singular road which leads me into a very upper class-looking subdivision. I drive down another ways, and turn on a road which leads me to a gigantic cul-de-sac. When I say gigantic, I’m not exaggerating. It’s easily about a quarter-size of a baseball field. Houses go all around. A few people are outside: some kids playing, a few homeowners tending to their yards. A rather large and conspicuous looking tree is planted on a spot in the middle of the cul-de-sac.
But what really catches my eye is the church. It looks strangely out of place smack dab in the middle of a neighborhood at the end of a cul-de-sac. It’s a small but nice looking brown brick church. A steeple goes up to the sky but there is no cross. I see a man out front – he has a long, wispy beard, and is wearing what seems to be some type of casual clerical garb. I don’t see a collar – but that’s the kind of impression his clothes give off. He is wearing all black. His shirt-vest is buttoned up. There is some kind of white collar with some symbols going all around it. I notice he has the same thing on his cuffs. He’s watering the church yard.
As I pull up, I can see the church sign:

FIRST CHURCH OF THE LATTER DAY CHILDREN OF ATLANTIS

The name is so utterly bizarre I have to practically do an about-take and struggle to maintain control of my vehicle. Luckily I wasn’t driving very fast. I have to blink and make sure I’m seeing the name right. As I blink, the sign has remained unchanged. 
I guess I shouldn’t be too surprised. Forest Edge is full of rich people. Must be one of those weird cults that rich folk like to amuse themselves in to pass the time.
I could ask any of the people around here for help in finding my way back to the road that will take me home. But my curiosity is too great. So I drive around and park next to the church.
The reverend or priest or whatever he is gives me a quizzical yet affable look. I kill the ignition and step out of my vehicle and start to walk up to him.
“Well, good afternoon!” he says cheerfully.
“Hi,” I say, as I walk up to him. “I’m kind of lost. I live in Forest Edge, but I got sidetracked off the road that takes me home. My GPS and phone aren’t working right now, and I’m not sure where I am. Could you give me some directions?”
“Certainly!” he beamed, and reached out to shake my hand. “I’m Reverend Demarion. If it makes it easy for you, I think I have a map or two in the back of the church I can give to you.”
“Jason.” I respond back, giving him my name. “Yeah. If it’s not too much trouble, I’d really appreciate it.”
“Do follow me!” Rev. Demarion said kindly as he twisted a knob on the front of the hose to stop the water, and then put it down.
“I don’t know exactly what happened.” I make small talk as he leads me to the front door of the church. “I must not have been paying attention.”
“It happens, I’m sure.” Rev. Demarion said. “Why, when I first moved here, I could scarcely find my way around myself.” We were about at the door. “But I love it here. All the trees around… feels so close to nature. No doubt much closer to the way it was all originally intended to be.”
I’m assuming he means that statement in a religious sense, referring to God or something-or-other. Since I’m not a religious person, I can’t think of any particularly appropriate response.
“Mankind is really so selfish the way it scurries about the planet, tearing down the trees and rainforests and covering over it with concrete. The world as it is won’t be able to sustain itself much longer.”
Rev. Demarion opens the door and leads me into the church. I take in my breath and look around. It looks a bit bigger inside than it does outside. We are in a rather large foyer covered with red carpet. In front of us, the inside of the church splits into three sections, separated by columns. To the right and left are hallways going to the back of the church. In the center is a small sanctuary, the red carpet running through it.
I see some literature on a table to the right of where we entered, and I instantly desire to get my hands on it, out of curiosity’s sake, but I keep it to myself.
“So, uh, what kind of religion is this?” I bring myself to ask. Rev. Demarion stops and turns and smiles.
“Just what the sign says. We are the Latter Day Children of Atlantis!”
“Like, the actual Atlantis?” I say quizzically but skeptically.
“Well, we are all descended from Atlantis in one way or another.” Rev. Demarion says. “What we mean by ‘descendants of Atlantis’ is that we carry on the legacy of the original faith of the Atlantean people.”
“Really?” I say, not knowing how to even begin to respond to such a claim. Rev. Demarion simply stands in front of me beaming.
“And what was Atlantis like, exactly?”
“Oh, it was paradise! You know the story of the Garden of Eden in the Bible? Something like that.”
“What happened to it?” I ask.
“Oh, you know a version of the story. This version is taught in a specific form in Sunday Schools all around the world. I refer, of course, to the story of the fall of Eden. The people of Atlantis were powerful and could use magic back in those days. The entire society was sustained by psychic energy. The people were sustained and divinely blessed by the Eternal Source. With the blessings of the divine Godhead, they could be whatever they wanted, have whatever they wanted.”
From here, Rev. Demarion’s voice took on a slower, intentionally more ominous tone. 
“But then they fell into greed and selfishness. They tried to develop their own power apart from the power given to them by the divine Godhead. They wanted to conquer the universe and be gods apart from what the Godhead had given them. Indeed, they sought to pervert the Divine Ground of all Creation and Reality and make it their own. With perverted magic they wrecked the world the Godhead had created. Those whose hearts were given over to perversion took their assault to those who were innocent and righteous and used their negative psychic powers to turn them into mindless beings – living dolls – called ‘Automatons.’ The Godhead was greatly displeased with this and removed the Divine Ground from the planet, and let it thus fall into darkness. The elements of magic ran wild. An apocalypse happened. Atlantis fell. Magic seemingly disappeared. The human race fell into an endless darkness from which it has yet to awaken. 
“Ever since then, the Godhead has been, to a great degree, closed off to us. There are those of us who would seek to reunite with the Godhead, but as a result of the sins of the Fallen, we are stuck in endless reincarnations trying to free ourselves from the shackles of this world. But we will persevere. We will eventually, as many incarnations as it takes, fully reunite with the Godhead. As will anyone who chooses to join us.”
I simply nod, trying to take in all Rev. Demarion has just tried to tell me. I can’t bring myself to say anything for a few seconds. Rev. Demarion’s eyes bore into me, as if trying to read my response to the… rather interesting and crazy story he’s just told me.
“So, um, does this religion have a lot of members?” I say as I scratch my head, trying to sound as non-confrontational as possible. I am particularly noticing that in the sanctuary, there is only one row of pews on the right-hand side.
“We are very small.” Rev. Demarion says, smiling. “There are so few of us who care. But, it is not our duty to try and force anyone to see our vision. We must deal in love to those around us, and remain attentive to our own salvation.”
“I see.” I say. “And so, what happens to people like me?” 
Rev. Demarion shrugged.
“Grieve not the Godhead, regardless of what you believe, and you will progress toward unity with the Godhead. But, there are so many distractions in this world. This world makes it so utterly difficult for most people to pursue the true path. This world is most likely to destroy itself and plunge itself once again into an abyss of its own making if something doesn’t drastically change soon.” Rev. Demarion’s face appears to darken once again.
I simply nod again, not really knowing what to say.
But suddenly Rev. Demarion is all smiles again.
“Well, the world is going on as it always has. It would have to take something exceedingly drastic for it to change.” I say. 
I somewhat immediately regret my response. I’m sure that to Rev. Demarion’s ears, fanatic that he is, it might sound like a typical, cynical response from an unbeliever.
But Rev. Demarion simply laughs boisterously. He reaches over and pats me on the shoulder.
“That it is! That it is, my friend!”
I seem to have unintentionally amused him something fierce.
“Well, I’m going to go and find that map!” he says. “Feel free to have a poke around! But don’t go too far. It would be a shame for you to get lost!” He laughs again, as if he just said something he finds funny.
“Sure. Okay. No problem.” I respond as he walks off through the sanctuary and toward the back of the church.
Looking around, I can’t imagine getting lost in this small building. I think he was making a jab at my getting lost in Forest Edge.
He enters a door at the back of the church. I do take him up on his offer to poke around the church a little bit. The first thing I do is head to the table where that literature is.
I see multiple copies of two brochures. The first one on tan paper has in bold letters on the front: ‘Prayer For The Faithful.’
I open it up:

‘To the Godhead
Divine Ground
Source of All
Come to us, we beseech you
From the inside out, change us
Fill us with your ever glowing light
Restore us to unity
Restore the world to unity
Restore all people to unity
Above all, restore us
Take us apart
Put us back together
Let our hands be where our feet should be
May our faces be at our center
May we be assembled and rearranged in images most pleasing to you
Let us cast off the world of flesh and despair and set our faces to harden against it
Amen’

There is nothing else printed on it. It strikes me as honestly very bizarre. I put it back. I pick up the next. Now this one is different. These brochures are advertising a community event, two days from now in the evening. It promises a time of enlightenment, wholeness and education. Food and drinks will apparently be served. It doesn’t say exactly what the event is, but it’s obvious it’s an attempt to educate people about their religion and draw more members.
I can’t imagine this religion catching on very easily.
I put the brochure down and decide to explore the rest of the sanctuary. It’s pretty bare. Not even an altar. Just the rows on the right-hand side. The sanctuary is open in the front and back. Two TV monitors are on the right and left hanging on the walls.
I guess Rev. Demarion must stand in the front to preach. I wonder if they have a Bible or anything similar to it. But I see nothing. It might be fascinating to come back on a Sunday and see what a service is like or whenever they have services. I saw nothing in their literature saying anything about a service.
Rev. Demarion is not back yet. He did say to explore the church. I feel tempted. But I’m not sure just to what extent he meant it. This isn’t my church or my religion. Dare I go around actually poking in stuff where my nose doesn’t belong? But Rev. Demarion did say it was alright.
I walk out of the sanctuary towards the left hall. There is a room next to the entrance. I decide to go in.
I step into the sparsely furnished room. Gray wood covers the walls. I see the carpet in here is rather blue. There is a light switch but I don’t bother to turn it on. I close the door behind me. Enough light from outside is coming from the window. I keep my ears peeled in case I hear Rev. Demarion looking for me.
There is nothing but a simple bed and a small stand with drawers. I open the first drawer and find nothing. I open the second and find a few candlesticks.
Well, this is exciting.
The door opens behind me and Rev. Demarion steps in. I jump, as if a kid caught with his hands in the cookie jar. I don’t know if he will be mad or not. But he acts completely non-phased, like he doesn’t have a care in the world about what I’m doing.
One thing I don’t know is how I didn’t hear him coming. And he seemed to know exactly where I was. He walks up to me and hands me the map with a brochure attached to it. The same one as the ones out front advertising the community event. 
“Here is your map. I hope it helps.” he says affably. “Also, if you are interested in learning more about us, we are having a community event in two days. There will be food, and a most interesting presentation. It’s worth coming if for nothing else than the food and chance to meet new people!”
There is a twinkle in his eye as he says it.
He leads me out the small door in the room to the outside. As I make my way back out to my car, I thank him for his help.
“Don’t mention it! Anytime!” And he goes back to the work he was doing prior.
I get in my car and start the ignition. I put the map on my lap. I recognize where I am now. I’m not that far from the road where I need to be!
Oh, well. As I’ve said, the large amounts of trees in Forest Edge can be disconcerting. I’m pretty sure there are a lot of things in this town I’m unaware of exist.
As I start to drive, I notice some of the other people in the neighborhood looking towards my vehicle, with curiosity, no doubt. I try to ignore them. I hate when people stare at me. And I’ve got this bright yellow vehicle that makes me stick out like a sore thumb!
For some reason, I notice that the lot of people looking at me have blue eyes. 
Now, why would I notice that and care? How would I even notice that from this distance?
But there is something strangely piercing about them… it’s hard not to notice.
I think for a moment maybe I’m losing my mind and imagining it. I shake it off and continue to drive onward. The map easily takes me back to the main road. I think about all that’s happened as I drive. Today has been a weird day. For a moment, I wonder if I’ve dreamed it all.
Eventually, I pull up into the driveway of my home. I stop for a brief moment and decide to try my GPS again. I plug it in and boot it up. I’m shocked to find it works just fine, and has half a charge. I poke around with the menus of it for a bit and find no evidence of malfunction whatsoever.
I pull out my phone and turn it on. As it boots up, I can see that the battery is at 19%, but it, too, appears to be working just fine.
I have no idea what to make of this. It somewhat disturbs me. But why? I can think of no rational explanation for any of this.
I grab the map with the brochure as well as my lunchbag and head into my house. My father, Mark, is in the living room watching TV on the couch. I can see the back of his head. No doubt he has a beer in his hand with his feet propped up on living room table as usual, something that, as usual, will irk my mom’s chagrin the moment she sets foot in the living room.
I can smell the smells of dinner coming from the kitchen. The emptiness of my stomach suddenly commands my full attention.
Dad half-turns his head at the sound of me walking in the door.
“Hey, buddy. Where were you? I was getting kind of worried.”
“Long story. My phone’s been acting up.” I respond.
“Oh? Let me see it.”
“It’s working fine now. My GPS is acting up, too.”
“The new one? We bought it just a few weeks ago.”
“It’s working fine now, too, though.”
He turns his head back toward the TV and takes another swig of beer.
“That’s strange. I’ll have to take a look at it later. As for your phone, it’s a few years old now, isn’t it? I think you should probably be about due for an upgrade.”
“Yeah. Probably.” I say.
“We should go tomorrow. Pick a new one out.”
“Sure. Fine with me.” I say.
About this point mom, Anne, walks in and starts griping to dad about having his feet on the coffee table again. My little brother, David, 9, follows her out of the kitchen nonchalantly, video game perpetually attached to his hands. I can see my sister, Heather, 11, in the living room, sitting on the floor, working on homework as is her usual custom.
Mom informs me that dinner will be ready in a few minutes. I say okay and that I’ll be down after I change.
I go upstairs to my room and change out of my work uniform. I collapse on the bed for a minute, tired, thinking again of all that’s transpired. The map and brochure sit next to me on my bed where I tossed them upon entering my room.
At dinner, we have casual conversation for a while, and then I tell dad and mom exactly what happened on my way home today.
Both of them looked at me, very intrigued.
“Where exactly is this church, again?” Dad asks.
“Not far from where I work. No more than a ten minute drive, actually.”
“And they’re a church of… you said Atlantis?”
“The pastor or whatever he is claimed that they were the original religion of Atlantis. Something about Atlantis falling due to greed and selfishness. Apparently they fell after using mind-control to make people do their bidding and turning them into… some kind of machines or something like that.”
“How fascinating. And you say this reverend… Demarion… invited you to an event explaining their religion further?”
“Yes. On Friday. I don’t think I’m going to go, though.”
“You have this brochure?” Dad asks me.
“In my room.”
“I think we ought to check it out. I think it might be quite interesting.”
I cringe. I had forgotten how enthusiastic my dad can be about weird or unusual things. I now find myself slightly regretting bringing up what had happened on the way home.
“I don’t think it’s worth it.” I say, scooping some more mashed potatoes in my mouth.
“Nonsense! It’s always worthwhile to learn more about the world and people whenever you have the chance! Even if they’re kinda a kooky cult.”
“And what if they have Kool-Aid?” I somewhat bitterly quip.
“We won’t drink the Kool-Aid!” Dad says matter-of-factly.
“Can I go, too?” David asks.
“Sure! We can make it a family thing!” Dad says enthusiastically.
“I’m not going! And I don’t think it’s a good idea for you to go or the kids to go!” Mom says.
“Please, mom, please?” David starts begging her.
“C’mon, dear. What are we raising our kids for if we’re just going to shelter them from the rest of the world? What about you, Heather, want to come with us, too?” he nudges her, talking practically with a twinkle in his eye.
“I’m not really interested.” she says flatly. For the most part, she’s working on homework at the table while she eats, which is very typical of her. 
My little sister, the academically minded total and complete introvert.
“I’ve failed as a parent!” My dad shoots his hands up overdramatically.
“I think you’re failing as a parent if you start dragging our kids to every loony cult that pops up that you can find!” Mom fires back.
“I’m going to the grocery store later. Does anyone want some Kool-Aid?” Dad asks, ignoring mom.
Honestly, sometimes I think Dad never fully grew out of his teenager phase.
Mom simply huffs and gets up and starts gathering dishes to clean without a word.
“Come on, now, dear, I was only messing around.” Dad says, failing to elicit a response from her. “I would still like to check out this community event, though. It sounds like it could be fun!”
“I don’t want you dragging my kids to some looney cult! They might be dangerous!”
“Come on, dear. This is Forest Edge. Lots of rich people live here. You know how bored rich people can get. At best, it’s nothing more than some goofy club people go to to amuse themselves. Besides, it’s a chance to meet people, mingle, get connected. They’re likely to be completely harmless.”
“I don’t want you taking the kids!” mom says.
“But I really want to go!” David protests.
“David can come. He’ll be fine.” Dad presses her.
“I don’t want Heather to go!” Mom says, getting exasperated.
“I don’t want to go!” Heather responds.
“Fine! Me and Jason and David! It will be guys night out! Then we’ll go out for burgers and beers!”
Mom shoots him a look.
“Not for David!” Dad says, then winks at him conspiratorially to where mom can see. 
Mom sighs and puts her hands on her hips.
“Fine! Do what you want! See if I care! I just don’t wanting you guys getting involved in some crazy cult and getting heavily involved! You really don’t know who these people are or what their aim is!”
“We’re not joining a cult! We’re just being open minded and having some fun while doing so! So how about that Kool-Aid?”
Mom just sighs and goes back to her dishes without a word. Heather continues ignoring us. David is excited about being given permission to go and pumps his fists in the air. I simply sigh, not caring one way or the other, seeing this all as mostly pointless, even though at the same time I am somewhat curious to a great deal myself.

The next day at work, James looks wide-eyed as I tell him about what happened.
“Where is this place again?” he asks.
“Close by. It’s just ten minutes from here.”
“Huh. I wonder how come I’ve never heard of this place before.”
“It’s pretty small.”
“Can I come with?” he says, indicating Friday night.
“You do what you want. I don’t mind.” I say, shrugging.
“This place sounds like it will be very interesting.” James says. “An actual cult of Atlantis!”
“I guess rich people in this place really need something to do.” Steve says, as he replaces a pan of food on the steam table line.
“You want to come with?” I ask him.
“Nah. Not my thing. I’d much rather spend my evening with a glass of wine and reading through Immanuel Kant for the sixteenth time.”
Typical Steve response.
“But this could be a chance for you to meet new people and have a whole new belief system to analyze and dissect. It could be fun for you!”
Typical me response to the aforementioned typical Steve response.
“I’ve already read about such cults before, and I’ve run into more than a few of these types of people and had enough time to ask enough questions so that I’m really not interested as much. Been there. Done that.”
“You mean there are a lot of people actually believe this stuff?”
“More than you’d think.” Steve says, matter-of-factly. “It isn’t very large, but there are enough people who are into this kinda stuff spread around.”
“Why on Earth would someone believe something like… like… what I’ve just described?”
“Why does anyone believe in anything?” Steve shrugs. “People are searching for something. If they can’t find what they feel they are searching for, they get desperate, and settle for the first thing that makes sense, or makes them feel better, or gives them a feeling of community. Such is the attraction and heart of all philosophy. People searching for meaning and reason.”
I nod, trying to chew that over in my head.
“But Atlantis?”
“Why not?” Steve shrugs.
“I think it sounds interesting!” James says.
“Don’t convert, now!” I say to him, half-kidding.
He shrugs. “It depends on what they have to say. I don’t consider myself bound to any one religion or beliefs system. I like to borrow from a bunch of different things.”
“Then what you have is not a religion at all. It’s a hodgepodge!” I say to him.
“And what about you? Exactly what religion do you have, hmm?”
I can’t respond, because I don’t have a religion. Never saw the point, really. Life is for living and having fun. There is both goodness and pain in the world. You deal with the painful parts, learn from them, and ultimately try to have as much fun and enjoyment as you can squeeze out of life.
That’s my philosophy, anyways. I know James and I are in agreement over that. But I’m not into the whole eclectic spirituality thing. I figure, if there are belief systems, you either pick one and stick to it; you can’t just mix a bunch together like a buffet of whatever you want. 
I guess that’s why I’m not religious. I never figured out exactly what I believe. How can I choose something at random as if from a menu if I don’t buy into it enough to be capable of fully following through?
Steve goes in a similar but rather different direction from me and James. For him, he’s dedicated to his philosophy. His thinking is far more abstract than mine or James. He’s a thinking Stevetian, by all means. And he will simultaneously use the Socratic method to try to draw people to his own point of view and, if successful, will immediately start using it to make them question everything about the view he just spent so much time trying to draw them to.
That’s Steve’s biggest idea of ‘fun.’
“I don’t have one.” I finally respond to James, referring to my lack of religion. “I simply prefer to live openly and freely and honestly as possible. That’s why there’s no room for spirituality or religion in my life.”
Sensing a deep and metaphysical Socratic question on the verge of coming from my right hand side, I turn to Steve and say, “No thank you, I’m not looking to get into a deep question-and-answer session right now at this moment!”
He simply laughs, as he pulls a tray of food out of our department’s flash oven.
“I wasn’t going to.” he says, shaking his head. “It just sent my mind in a whole bunch of different directions and I’m having fun listening to three different internal debates going on in my head all at once.”
Typical Steve.
“But yeah, I would definitely be interested in checking this out!” James says for the third time.
“I have the brochure in my car. I’ll give you the address before I leave.” I say.

The rest of the day passes uneventfully and predictably. I’m off the next day, and mostly spend it sitting around the house playing video games. Then the evening comes, and dad rather enthusiastically packs me and David in the car and drives us to the church. I’m riding shotgun, and David is riding in the back. Dad takes my GPS from my vehicle and plugs it into the cigarette lighter in his vehicle to give it a test run.
“It seems to be working just fine.” he says when we’re halfway there.
Suddenly it flickers.
“See!” I say. “That’s what it did before! The only difference is that it wasn’t working before at all!”
Dad reaches up and lightly smacks it a few times.
“Huh. That’s strange. Maybe we need to take it back and swap it out. It’s still under warranty.”
On a hunch, I pull out my phone. I can see it flickering on occasion and glitching up just like the GPS.
“My phone is doing it now, too!”
“We should have taken you in and gotten you that upgrade already. Has it been doing that?”
“Not since I got lost on the way home the other day.”
“My phone is acting up too!” David says from the back.
“Let me see.” I say. I take it from his hands and look at it, holding both phones side-by-side.
Sure enough, they are both doing the same thing. The GPS flickers again.
“Let me have it back.” David says after a minute.
“Is it doing the same thing?” Dad asks.
“Yeah.” I say, suddenly feeling dread coming over my stomach.
“Now that is weird. Maybe something around here is causing electrical interference of some type.” Dad suggests.
It is strange, isn’t it, that I randomly got lost, and my GPS and phone weren’t working to the point I suddenly came across that church and had to ask for directions? This is what I’m thinking to myself.
I’m suddenly starting to think this is a really bad idea.
“We should go back.” I say. 
“What? Why?” Dad asks.
“There’s something wrong with this.” I say.
“What? You mean with the electronic equipment? Or…?”
“All of this.” I say. “I never get lost. Even when I’m daydreaming. And suddenly I find myself lost and my equipment doesn’t work, and I have to stop and ask for directions, and the church seems to be the center of all this…”
“It’s just electrical interference. Probably from being a bunch of rich neighborhoods around here. You know how these rich people are with their Wi-Fi.”
“I don’t think it quite works like that…” I say.
“It’s just a church. I think it’s all a coincidence.” Dad says.
I am not so sure. David says nothing from the back. I think to myself, isn’t this a common type of trope in horror films?
If I were religious, I would probably be praying right now.
Eventually, we come to the large cul-de-sac. There are a bunch of other cars parked all around. It takes a while for my dad to find a good space in the circle to parallel-park.
The GPS seems to be glitching even more.
“See? It’s something coming from right here.”
“Of course it is. We’re right in the middle of the neighborhood.” Dad says, clearly without intent of giving it any more serious thought.
I sigh as we step out of the minivan.
“Now, this is quite an interesting church!” my dad says.
“Wait till you see the inside.” I say. “They aren’t very big. They’ve only got one row of pews on the right hand side!”
“I can’t imagine where they are going to sit all these people then!” Dad says. Indeed, there are quite a few cars parked all around, much more than I expected. People are still getting out and walking up to the church. The church doors are wide open, and I realize that there is a spotlight shining from somewhere behind the church into the sky.
Boy, they really want people to show up, do they? Must be desperate for converts.
My feeling of dread only grows as we walk up to the church. I have no idea what we’re getting ourselves into.

There are more staff of the church than just Rev. Demarion at the front door as we enter. I hadn’t seen any of them in the church before when I’d stopped here.
Rev. Demarion is standing at the door greeting everyone genially. He is dressed in full robes, white, with gold on the sleeves and edges. There are some symbols in blue on his robes I have no idea what they are. He is wearing a red stole laced with gold and green and more symbols I don’t recognize, these in yellow.
But the others of the church staff are dressed in simple brown robes that they have up over their heads. The look eerie and make me uncomfortable. I’m definitely getting a much stronger cult vibe from it. But nobody else appears to be paying attention or giving it much mind.
Rev. Demarion greets me and my father and brother as we walk in. He seems quite pleased to see us, but gives no indication of memory of our meeting earlier before. He treats us exactly like the rest of the people here.
There are a bunch of simple brown chairs set up in the foyer in the sanctuary. Apparently we will not be sitting in the sanctuary, for some reason. This strikes me as somewhat odd.
I cannot help but be attracted to the strange speaker-looking devices that are on the right and left of the sanctuary. I don’t know if that’s exactly what they are. I’ve never seen anything like them before. I only know that they’re in kind of a weird dice shape, like the kind of dice you’d play Dungeons and Dragons with. They are silver, with blue lines running around them.
A lot of people are mingling around inside. I can see the table on the right hand side of the foyer is set up with food. Mostly finger foods. Nothing fancy. There are no tables sat up, so I guess it’s stand and eat, or sit in a chair with a paper plate on your lap. There is no Kool-Aid or punch. Instead, they’ve taken to simply having bottled water. I guess they are aware of what people might think and have taken to deliberately staying as far away from the stereotype as possible.
I’m a little hungry, but I ate before I came. Call me paranoid, but I’m just not crazy about eating or drinking everything from this place, regardless.
David is getting some food, and I cringe as I watch him. I feel like going up and stopping him, but that would be overly paranoid and cause a scene. What can I really do in this situation?
Dad is acting like a kid in a candy store, looking all around, intrigued and impressed. It’s not long before he finds some people to start shooting the breeze with. Typical dad.
I mostly just feel out of place here. I wish I hadn’t come. I really never wanted to return to this place.
As I wander around, listening to snippets of people’s conversations, one thing becomes clear: it seems that everyone here has no idea what any of this is really all about and is here out of curiosity more than anything else.
And I realize I’m probably not the only one paranoid – not too many people have touched the food or even the bottled water.
But that’s the weird thing: none of these people seem to be members, save for Rev. Demarion and those in the brown robes. All of us appear to be in the same boat. I find that strange – and the dread deepens in me once more.
But there’s nothing that I can do. I can only suck it up and try to make it through the rest of the night. I find myself, agnostic that I am, breathing a prayer to whatever deity might be out there that we all survive this.
I notice that now dad is trying to talk to Rev. Demarion and some of the people in the white robes. I walk closer as to be in better earshot.
“…so, what are you guys all about?”
“It’s better that you watch the presentation.” Rev. Demarion says.
Dad tries to question them further, but Rev. Demarion and the people in the brown robes continue to only give variations of the same answer.
I can tell that dad seems a little frustrated and put off by the closed-ness of the church members. Maybe he’s finally seeing a little from my point of view that something is wrong here.
I turn around and pace aimlessly, taking in the scenery I’ve already taken in several days ago. It is then that I hear someone calling my name. I turn around to see James.
James comes walking up to me.
“Well, this is quite the place!” he says.
“I think something is wrong here.” I say, voicing my honest opinion.
“Everything seems wrong when it’s different from you’re used to.” James says. I’m not sure I agree. He saunters over to the table of food and begins picking things off the table and putting them into his mouth without the use of a plate.
“None of the people here save for those in the brown robes seem to be members! Don’t you think that’s a little strange?”
“Well, maybe they’re very small and trying to find more members. I see what you mean about the sanctuary. Never seen only one row of pews before.”
“But those guys won’t answer any questions! They are insisting we watch the presentation. Isn’t there something creepy about this?”
“Creepy that they want you to watch something that explains this all in detail, saving their breaths from having to explain everything over and over again and only taking questions after the fact? What’s creepy about that? Seems perfectly logical to me.”
James throws a mini weenie in his mouth and reaches for another.
“What if they try to hypnotize us! What if there’s something in the food!”
“Then… I’m pretty sure the authorities would descend on this place! Come on, Jason, you’re overthinking everything as usual. We get the chance to have some kooky cult explain themselves in full detail, and we get free food to boot.”
I’m not getting through to him. But I begin to wonder if he’s right. Maybe I am overthinking everything. But I can’t help it. It’s my nature. And there still seems something extremely weird about this whole thing.
Eventually, it’s announced the presentation is about to start. I look at my watch. It’s 11 minutes till 7. We all take our seats, me, dad, David, and James sitting toward the middle. Dad’s enthusiastic mood seems to have soured somewhat.
“These people won’t say anything. Guess we’ll have to see what they’re trying to sell us. I just hope it’s well put together.”
I sigh inwardly. I swear, sometimes it’s like having a teenager for a dad. Sometimes it’s like I’m the mature one, not him. But no one ever really listens to me.
The lights go down. All of a sudden, light beams come from the two speaker-like devices. It’s suddenly that I realize, they’re not speakers, they’re projectors of some sort. They are beaming a screen right in front of us. But what is more impressive is that the screen is holographic.
Suddenly a scene of the entire cosmos is before us, in stunning 3-D. I can only look in awe. I’ve never seen something in 3-D without the customary 3-D glasses before. This is actually pretty amazing. And mesmerizing.
Epic music plays, as suddenly it’s akin to being thrust forward through the galaxy. We are still looking at the ‘screen,’ but it’s almost like being inside the screen.
I suddenly realize I was half right before, the two devices function as both projectors and speakers. And the quality is more vivid than I could have ever imagined.
I’ve never heard of technology like this before. I never knew this even existed. But it doesn’t surprise me too much. Perhaps it’s the kind of technology you can only afford when you’re really, really rich.
“This is… really pretty incredible.” James says besides me.
“No kidding.” my dad says, astonished.
“This is so neat!” David says, beside himself.
I have to admit, this is really something else. I can’t take my eyes off the screen. We are whizzing through the galaxy, which begins to change to incredible patterns, and colors, and different shapes begin appearing a whizzing past us.
’10,000 years ago,’ a voice says, and suddenly, we are being educated on the history of Atlantis. It is fascinating, but at the same time, I have a hard time focusing on it because of all that’s going on in front of me. It’s all too mind blowing…
But I have a sudden epiphany. I remember my words only a short time ago about the possibility they could try to hypnotize us.
But… but… it’s so incredible!
Yet my paranoia is rising up again. I now realize I feel like I’m fully immersed in what is going on on the screen. In fact, I really perceive no screen in front of me at all. I feel like I’m in the screen, like it’s surrounding me, like I’ve become a part of it.
The voice continues on, 
‘And so they created the Automatons, which was the Original Sin, but will not be the same as the Second Sin,’ 
but I suddenly realize it seems I can’t move, I’m being pulled along with the ‘presentation.’
‘…and those that commit this evil on this Earth, shall be made to pay for their own sins, of their own volition, and they shall recognize the error of their ways…’
I am starting to panic, just a little. It feels like the images and sounds around me are trying to repress my emotions, but I manage to dredge them up with nothing but sheer willpower.
Then I begin to realize, I can move a little. Though it seems like the hardest thing in the world to do at this point, I begin willing myself to move my head down, down, down… and suddenly my eyes are not on the screen anymore. My head is tilted toward the ground.
…and it feels as if I’ve been underwater for some time, and my head has finally just broken the surface. I feel myself truly panting, as I try to catch my breath.
And then I realize something. The sounds coming from the… whatever it is… above or in front of me now sound garbled, completely unintelligible.
If I begin to turn my head up even slightly, I can see images flying above my head, but they are no longer in their glorious quality. They appear… I don’t know… flimsy, or distorted. Weak. As if seeing images from a projector beam from the outside and seeing them for the fake they really are, rather than being on the inside, fooled by the illusion.
An image of the Wizard of Oz briefly pops into my head. ‘Don’t pay any attention to the man behind the curtain.’
It is then that I suddenly realize I feel wholly and horribly ill. I feel like I could throw up for a decade and still not stop throwing up. My head is pounding. Parts of the inside of my body feel like they are on fire.
It is then that I realize the horrible truth: They really are trying to do something to us!
Hypnosis? I don’t know. Something about the presentation, the technology. It’s doing something to our minds! That’s why we think it’s real. Real 3-D, at least.
I know it’s not the food or water. I didn’t eat or drink anything.
I realize that I cannot look up. If I put my head back up, I know I will get sucked back into it again. I have this horrible feeling that if I do, I will become irretrievably and irreversibly lost.
But James, and David, and dad…!!!!
It is now that I suddenly feel true horror. What are they doing to my friend, my brother, my dad! All these people!
God, I don’t know!
I want to grab them, to tell them not to watch any more, to get them to put their heads down like me, maybe even try to escape with me.
But I realize with horror how futile such a thing might be. They’d be likely to be just as sick as I feel now. We’d never make it out the doors before being blocked by the members of the church. I realize with horror that we – that I’m – completely at their mercy.
I do peak my head up just a bit. I realize that Rev. Demarion and the men in brown robes are standing right in front of us, looking on at us. Fear chills me to the bone.
I dare to glance up even further, just a little, just to see their faces, and I realize their faces are all trained on me.
I glance down quickly, absolutely terrified now.
So they know! I’m the little rebel who is not falling prey to their device! I keep my eyes on their feet. They are not moving toward me. I’m not sure what they’re going to do. I’m not sure what sort of state everyone around me is going to be in when the presentation is over. I don’t know what’s going to happen.
I do know that the overwhelming illness I feel is overpowering virtually everything else at the moment. Everything seems blurry. I feel like I have to throw up so bad, but for some reason I can’t will myself to. My insides now feel like they are burning, perhaps even shifting and literally whirring inside me.
I keep looking down at the ground. The garbled noise continues above me. Everyone sits in their seats, enraptured. The feet of the church members do not advance toward me.
I try to hang on as best I can, for what seems like an eternity. I’m so sick, time feels like it’s on the verge of losing all meaning for me.
Eventually, though, after what seems like years, the presentation is finally over. I can see the projector shut off, and the sounds stop.
“Wow!” is all I can hear my dad say. “That was really something.”
“No kidding.” James says beside me. “I think my life is changed now.”
I can hear others around me enthusiastically saying similar things. I can only wonder at what they experienced – or think they experienced – inside the presentation.
My dad seems to suddenly notice that I’m not feeling well. “Hey, Jason, you feeling okay?”
“No, I’m feeling really sick…” I manage to get out, still fighting that awful feeling of wanting to throw up but not being able to.
“If anybody has any further questions, we will be glad to answer anything we can!” I can hear Reverend Demarion’s voice saying. “Our church leaders will be standing by the front door on your way out to respond to your inquiries, or give you church literature just in case you wish to inquire at a later date!”
I weakly lift my head up, and am horrified to see that even though Rev. Demarion is speaking generally to the audience, his eyes, and the eyes of the men in the brown robes, are all on me.
They know their game didn’t work on me. And they want me to know that they know. And they want me to be terrified.
I am horrified to realize that even if it isn’t right now, they will be coming for me.
And I don’t know what they’ve done to my dad! My brother! James!
I want to tell mom… want to run and get the authorities… but I’m way too sick… I realize that for the time being I’m completely helpless and unable to do anything at all!
I begin to wonder of the consequences of breaking out of their spell mid-way… am I going to get so sick that I die? Will they come after me and kill me or do something worse while I’m still recuperating and barely able to move a muscle?
I don’t know!
Dad is trying to help me up. I can see David’s face, he looks worried. James seems worried and is trying to help to.
“You going to be okay, man? What happened?”
“I don’t know…” is all I can say. “Maybe something I ate before I came.” The lie is about as weak as I feel.
Dad and James and David seem normal, but all I can think is: ‘WHAT HAVE THEY DONE TO YOU!’
Dad and James carrying me by the shoulders, stopping by the front door, dad takes some literature, (NO! DON’T!), and Rev. Demarion doesn’t act concerned at all about me, and no one seems to take any notice that he doesn’t take any concern about me, and I can see that with every genteel thing he says to my dad, he’s glaring at me the whole time. 
AND NO ONE NOTICES!
It is at this point that I realize that something is truly and unfathomably wrong.
The cool air and breeze outside does nothing to make me feel better. If anything, I now feel sicker. Dad and James carry me to the vehicle and get me in, helping me to weakly strap in my seat belt. James gives a weak good-bye, waving, and then heads over to his own car.
I’m now sitting in the back. David is riding shotgun. Dad starts the vehicle and pulls out of the parallel parking.
It suddenly hits me. “Emergency… room…” I weakly gasp, hoping they’ll heed me. If I go to the emergency room, they’ll be able to examine me, tell me what is wrong with me, maybe trace it back to the church and expose what they’re doing, what exactly they’re doing, and why.
“Now, I don’t think we need to go that far.” Dad says. “Probably just a bout of stomach flu. It’s been going around in this area lately. Tell you what, if you’re not feeling better by the morning, we’ll make a run to the doctor. How’s that?”
I want to grab him by the throat, tell him no, that’s a crappy plan, that I might be dead by tomorrow morning, but I’m just too weak!
I try harder than ever to make myself throw up, but to no avail. WHY CAN’T I THROW UP!
God, my insides are burning! I feel like my insides are completely being rearranged! I feel like there are wires in my head, and it hurts! It’s like a thousand prickling sensations, and other sensations I can’t even begin to describe!
But it seems as if dad and David couldn’t be any more aloof about my plight as the drive home progressed.
“That was really something else, wasn’t it?” Dad asks David.
“Yeah. I never really thought about everything like that before.”
It briefly occurs to me that David’s video game, usually attached to his hand as if by super glue, is now nowhere near his hand.
“I think there are going to need to be a lot of changes from now on.” Dad says.
That scares me.
“You okay back there, sport?” Dad says, briefly turning back to me.
“No…” I weakly manage to get out.
“Well, we’ll be home shortly! Don’t worry, you’ll be okay!” Dad says, uncaring about the severity of my plight.
WHAT HAVE YOU PEOPLE DONE TO MY DAD AND BROTHER!
But I can barely muster up any other sort of protest. Dad and David are mostly silent on the way home, every now and then going on mechanically about how impactful or amazing the presentation was. Already I can sense a complete change in demeanor from my dad and brother.
Will mom notice? Of course she will. And Heather… Oh, God. What are they going to do to my mother and sister???
It is at this point that I feel more powerless than I have ever felt in my life. The powerlessness only grows as we pull up into the driveway, and as dad helps me out. Mom comes to the front of the house as we enter, obviously curious and loaded down with questions. But her look changes to sheer concern as she sees me.
“What happened? What’s wrong?”
“Came down with the stomach bug or something. He’ll be fine.” Dad says.
I try to mouth that I don’t feel like I’ll be fine at all, but it won’t come.
“He looks terrible! Should we go to the emergency room?”
“He doesn’t want to. He’ll be fine. Really. This is going around my office. I’ll keep an eye on him. If he changes his mind, we’ll go to the hospital.”
I feel like I’m on the verge of losing consciousness.
“…eat anything?” I can vaguely hear mom saying.
“I dunno. I ate some of the food and I feel just fine.” Dad says.
I am aware I’m being carried up the stairs. I’m carried in my room and put in my bed. Dad tucks me in emotionlessly and starts to walk out.
“Get some sleep, bud. You’ll feel much better in the morning.”
And with that, the lights go out, I feel sicker, and all I can do is slip into a haze of unconsciousness.

At some point I wake up. And I am horrified. My head is pounding. Everything in the room is a strange shade of blue. The cultists are standing at the foot of my bed.
Rev. Demarion is standing in front of me, holding some kind of book. But he doesn’t look like himself. His eyes are glowing blue. Strange, blue veins are running prominently up his neck, around his head, and through his hands, giving him a terrifying, otherworldly look. I cannot see the faces of the cultists.
I can’t move. I can’t scream. I think they are laughing at me. Rev. Demarion is certainly laughing at me.
“Shh, shh, shh. Don’t scream.” I think he says. “My disobedient little child. Don’t worry. You’ll be just fine. Everything is as it should be.”
But I’m slipping out of consciousness again. And now I’m wondering if that little vision was all a dream. Because eventually I wake up again, and everything is crystal clear and feels all too real.
And my body is burning. I look at my arms, horrified, because it looks like they are splitting apart. And I don’t see red. I see blue. It looks like my arms are segmented and coming apart and coming back together in slow motion at the joints. I realize the searing pain is strongest at certain parts of my body. My joints. My mouth. It’s like my whole body is being segmented and splitting apart and coming back together.
I feel so sick, I lean forward and finally wretch. I spew all over my sheets. And it terrifies me, it feels like something is wriggling!
I reach over shakily for my desk lamp next to my bed, flick it on, and shine it down upon the sheets.
Whatever I vomited is completely blue! And there are worm snake-like things wriggling in the sheets!
I jump up so horrified and terrified I cannot even process it all! And I feel like I’m heaving again. I struggle to hold it down! But do I even wish to keep whatever’s inside me, inside?
I quickly run to the bathroom. For the moment, I’m actually trying to be quiet and not wake anyone else. I need to assess the situation… I don’t want anyone to see me like this!
Especially not dad…
As I fumble my way into the hall bathroom, I turn the bathroom lights on and gaze into the mirror. I try to stifle a scream. I look like a Frankenstein monster… my body appears to indeed be splitting apart and coming together at the joints in slow motion. Where it is splitting apart, I can see the blue on the inside. My insides hurt so much, as if they are being rearranged… how can this be possible???
I am horrified by my mouth most of all. It’s like it’s trying to split open in a manner that looks like a ventriloquist’s dummy.
I can feel stuff coming up again, and I manage to make it over to the toilet and vomit up more of the blue stuff. No snake-worms in it this time. I hang for a while over the toilet bowl, heaving. I then get some toilet paper and start cleaning up the blue mess around the rim and edges, aware at some point tears are running down my face.
I’m beyond terrified. Why is this happening to me? I just want to live and enjoy life! Why is my world turning upside down like this?
This must be a dream… this has to be a dream! I keep telling myself this… it’s the only way I can go on! But if this is a dream, why won’t I wake up? I try to force my mind, to struggle and struggle, but I can’t wake up.
I feel awake now. This must be real. I must simply be having a hallucination. I flush the remains down the toilet. I get up, and peek into the mirror once again, horrified again of what I expect to find there.
But as I look in the mirror, I am shocked to see that my body seems to be returning to normal. It doesn’t look as grotesque as before. The scars and tearing are disappearing.
I seem to be getting better! Or maybe I am hallucinating. I look at my arm. It seems to be getting better as well.
I turn out the light and exit the bathroom, stumbling down the hall to my room, afraid to open my door, afraid to see the snake-worms writhing around in a puddle of my own mess.
But I open the door and see my mess on the bed, and it’s not blue. In fact, the snake-worms are nowhere on the bed. I panic, and grab my light and shine it around, all over the room, under the bed, in the closet, behind my desks and bookshelf, only to find nothing.
I then realize my mess looks completely normal. I look at my arm. It feels like a normal, healthy arm. My head is no longer pounding as much.
I then realize for certain, it dawns on me, as I resist pounding my fist through my own wall, I was hallucinating! It must have been a result of being only half-hypnotized.
I cannot bring myself to do anything else, though. I’m too exhausted. I tear my comforter off the bed and toss it to the floor. I’ll have to deal with it tomorrow. I fall back on my bed, and in sheer exhaustion head off to slumber.

I don’t know how long I sleep. I can’t recall dreaming anything. I wake, and my comforter is on top of me. It’s clean, no sign of my mess last night whatsoever.
I sit up quickly, confused. I look over at my alarm clock. It shows ‘11:14.’
So, I slept very late, even though there is no indication what took place last night took place at all. Did I imagine the whole thing?
But as I smell the comforter, I can tell it’s been freshly washed. Mom must have come in my room, seen what happened, and already washed it.
I get out of my bed and set my feet on the floor. I am relieved that I feel much better. I am terrified at the fact I don’t know where this nightmare is going next.
I am about to leave my room and find out. I go down the hall of our house shaky and descend to the first floor. I enter the kitchen, where mom is sitting at the kitchen table, having a light snack.
She turns and sees me and jumps up: “Jason! Are you feeling okay?” She comes up to me and puts the back of her hand on my head, feeling for a fever.
“I’m fine, mom. I just threw up a few times last night, that’s all.”
“I know.” she says. “I washed your comforter for you.”
“Thanks.” I said.
Now she’s looking at me, all serious, and I can see the fear aligning her eyes. She grabs me by the shoulders.
“Jason… what happened last night! Did they do something to you!”
I open my mouth, not sure how to answer her. Even now, looking back, it seems so incredibly unbelievable.
“I… I’m not even sure what I remember.” I say.
“Something’s not right with Mark and David!” she says, nearly shaking me. The dread inside me only deepens as she confirms my worst fears. 
So, it wasn’t in my head after all! 
I have not woken up from the nightmare! I’ve woken up, but I’m still inside of it!
“They aren’t themselves! Mark is sullen and silent, and so is David! I haven’t even been able to get him to play his video games!”
I shudder. Mom usually has to threaten to take his video games away, he spends so much time on them.
“Mark is saying that everything is different now, and that he knows the truth! Jason, for God’s sakes, please tell me what is going on!”
She is nearly shaking me.
“I don’t know if what I saw was really real,” I say. “But they were trying to hypnotize us!”
I take her gently and lead her back to the kitchen and tell her all I think I remember. Mom sits in silence for a few moments afterwards.
“I’m telling you everything I think I remember.” I reiterate.
“I know. I believe you.” she says.
She sits in a contemplative stance, as if not sure what to do or think next.
“Where are they now?” I ask, overcome with sudden suspicion.
“Mark took David to the park, claiming they were going out to spend time together. They’ve been gone for hours now, I’m not sure that’s where they really are!” she says, seeming to be barely holding herself in check from breaking into tears.
“I knew I shouldn’t have let you guys go to that church! I just knew it!” she says, seeming to barely restrain herself from pounding her fists onto the table.
“This is all my fault!” I say, bowing my head, overcome with guilt and dread in my stomach.
“It’s not your fault.” Mom says, reaching over to touch my hand. “Things just happened this way.”
That doesn’t alleviate any of my guilt. And I don’t think either of us knows what to do next. I finally speak up.
“If something has happened that has really… changed… dad and David… what on Earth are we going to do?”
Mom looks off into space for a few seconds, and suddenly, as if a light bulb turns on in her head, says: “I’m going to call a priest.”
The response surprises me, but I can see where she’s going with it.
“Do you know which priest you’re going to call?” I ask her.
“No… but I’ll find one.”
“You think that’s really it. That…?” I say, unable to say the words out loud myself.
“I don’t know.” she says. “But what other choice do we have? If it’s like you said, they tried to hypnotize you… maybe… maybe there’s something in them that can be expelled. I’m not saying it’s demons, or even witchcraft… but even if it’s something just psychologically…” 
She seems to be grasping for words. I think back to my hallucinations last night and wonder to myself if it could be so simple. But I’m also more scared of the cult, I think. The way they were staring at me. The potential of what they might do. Especially if it turns out… that there are more of them. If they turn out to be much larger than what we previously thought. That thought chills me to the bone.
I try to run other possibilities through my head. Is it possible to find someone who’s a scientist. or a team of scientists, to come out and study this? Should we be calling the National Guard, in case this turns out to be a widespread religious terrorist plot?
Oh, God! Everyone at that get-together last night is now walking around hypnotized! Who knows what they are capable of!
But the hardest part would be getting anyone to believe us. How would you even go about convincing scientists or the military that there’s a church in your town with strange technology hypnotizing groups of people to do… something?
I feel helpless. I feel more helpless than I’ve ever felt in my life. It’s like my entire world is tearing apart, and there’s little I can do to help it.
I suddenly realize something else…
“I have work today!” I say, in the agitation of the revelation slamming my fist on the table.
Mom just looks at me.
“Go to work. I’ll call the priest discreetly and tell him everything that is going on. I’ll handle everything while you’re gone. Don’t worry, I won’t confront Mark and David alone.”
“I’m not leaving you here!” I say. “I can call in sick from work! I’ve been legitimately sick, and James can vouch for me!”
“I want you to go to work and take your mind off this.” mom says. “I do know how you have a tendency to worry. But there’s nothing more we can do than we’re already doing. And I can handle this myself.”
“I’m not leaving you by yourself with Dad and David… like… like…” I try to reiterate.
“If you try to call in, I’ll call your work myself and tell them you’re lying.” she says.
My heart sinks as I realize that with the threat she really is serious.
“Why must you always try to handle everything yourself!” I hiss at her. It’s so like her. It’s always been like her. She acts like the weight of the world is always on her shoulders, and she’s the only one who can do anything about it!
“You just need to trust me.” she says. “I haven’t made it through 25 years of marriage to your father for nothing. We’ve always worked our way through everything. We’ll work our way through this.”
I don’t believe her. In fact, as I continue to think upon the matter further, an even deeper dread descends into my stomach. 
I feel terrified… paralyzed.
Yet I know that in the end, she will have her way. She always does.
“I’m rushing straight home when I get off. You’d better be okay!” I say.
“Don’t worry about me. I’ll be fine.” she says, sipping her tea.

With reluctance, I put myself together, try to compose myself, and head off to work. The fact I’m working a four hour shift gives me consolation. I’ll be able to be home quick enough for any action to take place. But I’m going to be nervous the whole time. It’s the thing I dread the most. Indeed, for the entire fifteen minute drive, it’s all I can do to control the butterflies in my stomach that threaten to make me sick once again.

I know something is different and way wrong only minutes after being on the clock. Steve is being rather indifferent to the whole thing, efficiently rushing about his work as usual, but James… James…
He has this glow about him. And I find it terrifying. He goes on again and again how awesome the previous night was. “It was just the most amazing thing! I don’t even know how to describe it!”
His words scare me more than anything else, and only serve to heighten my fear as to what might be taking place in my home right now. But what’s even stranger and scarier is that he doesn’t seem to be able to say exactly what the presentation was about. Steve has questioned him several times as to what sort of philosophy they presented, using rather big words such as ‘epistemology’ and ‘ontology’. What strikes me is that James usually has to ask what those words mean, even though Steve uses them a lot, but he doesn’t even bat an eye this time. He simply says: “It’s just something you’ve got to check out for yourself!”
I’m stuck between a rock and a hard place, because James assumes I witnessed the same thing he did, and when Steve questions me, I can do nothing else but give the exact same responses that James is giving and fake it.
I dare not give away that I looked down halfway through the presentation, thus destroying whatever grip and power it might have had ahold of me, that I’m not, in fact, on the same page James is. I’m not sure what James might do or what types of problems that might entail if I start being honest. And I don’t even know how to begin explaining to Steve what’s going on while we’re still on the clock in the midst of work on a hectic day. I wish desperately I can get Steve alone and tell him what’s going on… but James’ shift lasts till the end of my shift.
But it’s towards the end of my shift that James suddenly starts seeming less and less like his normal self. At some point it strikes me: “Why are you wearing your coat?” Indeed, he’s taken to wearing his black coat with his hoody drawn up. He must have put it on in the last five minutes. He’s prone to wearing it even when it’s warm out. Just because. But I know he’s probably not going outside, because he’s already used his two breaks, and there’s no trash to be taken out.
He shrugs. “I dunno. Just feeling a little cold-blooded I guess.”
I look around. We presently have at least five different ovens going in the department at this time. How on Earth could he be feeling cold-blooded?
“Um… but we’re not supposed to wear our jackets or coats while we work. It’s against policy.” I say, myself somewhat a stickler for the rules, and knowing full well that James couldn’t care less about what the rules are or about breaking them.
“Well, I feel cold, and I’m going to keep wearing it!” he says defiantly. At least that is typical of him. What is strikingly different, though, is the absence of his usual speech about how he does not like to follow rules.
“Dude, he’s kind of right. We’re not supposed to wear our jackets in the department. It’s against health and sanitation codes.” Steve, even more a stickler for the rules than I am, chimes in.
“Well, since when have I ever cared about rules or codes? I don’t like people telling me what to do.” James says. Now that’s a lot more like him. Except the tone of voice he says it in sounds completely different from his usual tone. He actually sounds genuinely sick. “That’s always been my greatest sin. It’s why I deserve this…” he says, quieter than the rest of his voice, so that I’m the only one that can probably fully make it out, since I’m standing closest to him.
“What was that?” I ask, my blood chilled, briefly forgetting that I don’t want him to know I’m not currently privy to whatever information might be running through his head.
He looks at me. I can see his face. I am shocked. His eyes look more sunken in and haggard than just moments before. His face looks like it’s drawing in, tightening up, withering, perhaps. Or is that my imagination? And his eyes! His eyes are supposed to be green, but they are looking downright bluish right now. Or am I imagining that, too?
“You know.” he says weakly.
I suddenly realize I’m supposed to be playing along: “Yes. Yes I do.” I say suddenly. I try to make my eyes look a little blank. I don’t know if he notices my little lapse. But I’m surprised at how he looks not only ill, but downright crestfallen. He was so exuberant only moments before. Now he appears as if he’s a man who’s just been handed a death sentence!
But Steve, always the practically minded, comes over and draws back the hood, which causes James a slight physical freak out as he begins scrambling for his hoodie, but what he was concealing is already out.
“Dude, you actually look really sick.” Steve says, concerned. Indeed, he appears as if he’s gone from glowing moments ago straight down to the pit of hell, metaphorically speaking.
“I’ll be fine. Don’t worry about me.” James says, reaching down and pulling his hoodie up again. “It’s because I’m a sinner.”
Okay, now there is officially something wrong here. How many times has James said, in the midst of his bouts of militant agnosticism that he doesn’t believe in sin, especially not in any religious context? His long-winded philosophical debates he inevitably ends up in with Steve on how he doesn’t believe in any sort of absolute standard of right or wrong? And now, the thing he just said, with no sheen of sarcasm to it whatsoever, but said utterly seriously, and self-defeating, in the midst of what appears at the moment to be a rather serious sickness coming on?
Steve just looks at me, giving a look.
“What exactly happened at that church last night?” he asks, now clearly getting suspicious himself.
But I can’t bring myself to say anything and give myself away.
“You wouldn’t understand.” I say, finding a neutral ground. In fact, it is a thinly veiled cry for ‘HELP!’ I mean to arouse his suspicion even further, without giving myself away to James.
But I also feel fear, because what will Steve be able to do, really?
But I have no other possible course of action to take. I don’t know what to do. I don’t know how to deal with this situation. I feel like everything is completely falling out of my control, and I just don’t know how to deal.
But my tactic appears to have worked.
“I’m very much concerned right now.” Steve says. He’s actually standing with his arms crossed, something he’s never prone to doing on the clock.
“We are all sinners.” James says, his voice sounding even more ragged and deadpan than previously before. “It’s what we’ve all brought upon ourselves…” 
He starts to stumble. Steve, feeling really concerned, reaches out and grabs him and helps him become steady.
“Dude! You need to go sit down. You’re in no condition to work the rest of your shift.”
“We’re all sinners…” James says again.
“Jason, can you take him to the break room and sit him down? I’ll notify a manager what’s going on if they happen to walk by. James! I’m taking you home today, okay? I don’t want you driving in that condition.”
“I’ll take him home.” I suddenly say.
I don’t know why, but when Steve offered to take him home, I had an immediate feeling of dread.
Steve doesn’t have any problem with it and nods okay.
I grab James and begin leading him out of the department towards the break room.

James is mostly silent on the way home. He is definitely not his usual self. He keeps his hoody up the entire time.
At this point all I can feel is fear. Fear of what’s going on. Fear of what is happening in my nice fairly upper class town of Forest Edge. Fear of what might be going on back home.
Is mom okay?
How are things going with the priest?
How many people in Forest Edge have been affected by… whatever this is… so far?
Something horrifying is happening here. I realize I’m shaking.

Finally we arrive at James’s home. I help him out of the car and all the way to the front door of his house. I don’t have any idea what I’m going to say to James’s family.
“James, you got your keys?” I ask him.
He fumbles around and shakily produces his set of car keys. I find the house key and open the door and help him through it.
He doesn’t say anything.
“We need to get you to lie down.” I say.
Thoughts flash through my head of what to do.
Call an ambulance and get him to the hospital? But how would ordinary doctors be able to deal with something like this?
I realize, though, that the extreme bizarreness of the situation just might be what I need to convince others of the truth of what’s going on. Maybe it would lead to notifying the government of what’s going on. Maybe the National Guard or the military could be called in to bring an end to the situation before it spreads too far.
Maybe… maybe…
“Holy crap, what’s wrong with James?”
I realize that James’s 10 year old little brother, Eddy, has walked into the room.
“Eddy, James is really sick. I don’t know with what. I brought him home. I think we might need to call an ambulance.” I blurt out.
“What’s with those blue lines on his face?” Eddy asks.
I turn and look at James and gasp.
It is true. Blue lines have indeed appeared on his face, and his neck. I am horrified when I realize it is exactly what I looked like in the mirror last night. But that’s not the only thing.
“James, your eyes…” I start to say.
His eyes have turned deep blue. To the point they’re almost glowing.
I take a step back from him.
All of a sudden he starts convulsing. He is standing in place shaking all over the place like he’s having a seizure.
I am frozen with fear. Eddy is screaming.
After a minute, James suddenly stops.
He slowly stands straight up. The lines are still on his face. His eyes are still blue. But all of a sudden he seems like he no longer feels sick.
I barely have any time to know what to think before he suddenly lunges for Eddy and grabs him.
Eddy screams and thrashes but James holds onto him with a tight grip, like a predator having just caught a prey.
I simply stand there, far too terrified to move or do anything.
It’s then that I realize. Looking at James’s eyes, it’s like there’s no longer anyone there.
“James!” I finally yell out, getting ahold of myself for just a moment.
Eddy is still thrashing and trying to get away.
James grabs Eddy’s mouth and pulls it open and puts his face close to Eddy’s. James then begins spewing blue liquid out of his mouth into Eddy’s mouth.
It comes out seemingly endlessly. Eddy continues to thrash, but the nature of it changes. More and more liquid pours into Eddy’s mouth. Now he’s thrashing and spasming like someone who’s drowning.
I get ahold of my senses long enough to realize I have to do something.
I begin looking around for something, anything, to rush over and hit James with. If I could just knock him out for the time being…
But James seems to have finished. Eddy is barely moving. His body appears comatose. Every now and then there will be a spasm and a sound like he’s choking, but for the most part, he doesn’t move.
James gently lets Eddy down to the floor. It is then that I realize that, it’s faint, but I can see blue lines beginning to form on Eddy’s body. Not just on his face, but on his arms, legs, fingers… They begin to appear more and more pronounced with each passing second.
And then I see something even more horrifying. Where the lines are, Eddy’s body begins to segment and come apart. All parts are still attached to a whole, but now I realize that Eddy no longer looks like a human being but it’s as if he’s become a life sized doll, a thing. He coughs a few times. I can see Eddy’s eyes starting to grow blue.
Suddenly I hear footsteps.
“What on Earth is going on here???”
James and Eddy’s mom enters the room. She stops cold at the scene before her, taken aback by the scene before her.
All of a sudden Eddy is standing up. He stands up as if he’s more limber than he’s ever been. His segments start closing and opening at different parts of his body. His mouth begins opening and closing like a ventriloquist dummy. He suddenly makes an inhuman leap and grabs his mom. His mom screeches as Eddy on top of her pulls apart her mouth and begins spewing blue liquid in it just like James did to him.
James just stands there and laughs.
I realize now that I have to get out of here. I have to get away from this before I’m next! I have to get home!
Panic suddenly wells up inside me.
Home!
Mom! Heather!
I turn and bolt for James’ backdoor. I would have run out the front, but James is standing literally right there, and I knew it would be very easy for him to grab me.
My plan is to exit the back and circle around and get into my car and speed away.
I have been here many times so I know this place like the back of my hand.
I burst out the back door and continue to run. I run through James’s backyard and have almost made it to the gate leading around the side of the house when I suddenly fall over.
I gasp.
Did I trip???
What’s going on???
Then I realize I’m having a hard time moving. Nothing’s happened to me, it’s just like my body is not moving easily on its own accord. Everything suddenly feels like it’s in slow motion.
I don’t know what’s going on.
I slowly try to pick myself up and run but my body feels sluggish, like I’m being weighed down by some invisible force.
I see James and his brother walking out the back door. Blue liquid is dripping from their mouths and staining their clothes. They grin as they see me. They are slowly beginning to walk toward me.
I realize they are moving as slowly as everything else feels. I panic further and try to get up. But my body still will barely move.
“Help!” I try to call out, but my voice comes out as if I’m underwater. And there doesn’t seem to be anyone around.
Help help help oh my god help!
I realize that if I can’t move and move fast I’m done for. I give it all the strength I can muster and then all of a sudden it’s like I break free.
Time is moving normally now. Everything feels normal again. My body is able to move.
I jump up without looking behind me and make a mad dash for my car. I can barely unlock it and get in fast enough.
My hand is shaking as I put the key in, trying not to make a mistake and drop it. I ignite the engine and quickly put the car in reverse, speeding out of the driveway before putting it in normal and speeding down the street and out of the neighborhood.
As I do, I can see no sign of James or Eddy.
I speed toward my house. It briefly occurs to me that I should call the police, the fire department, the authorities, whatever.
But I feel fear as I realize what could they do?
If people can become transformed as fast as Eddy did…
And what the heck are they in the first place???
All I can think about it my mother and sister. I have to get to the house and do… something… before it’s too late!
I get to my house and pull into the driveway and quickly get out and run into the house. Both mom and dad’s cars are there, as well as one I don’t recognize.
I quickly run through the front door.
As I do, I see a horrifying sight.
The priest is lying on the couch, being held by dad, as dad vomits the blue liquid into the priest’s mouth.
The priest struggles and thrashes much in the same way Eddy did when James was doing the same thing to him.
“Jason!” I hear my mom. I look over and she’s being held by David and Heather. Both David and Heather have been transformed the same way Eddy had, their body parts curiously segmented yet attached in the same way. Their eyes glow a deep blue.
I don’t know what to do. I want to run and attack dad. I want to run away. I want to attack Heather and David and try to get away with my mom. I want to do all these things at the same time, and feel rooted to the spot, uncertain of what to do.
This can’t be happening… this can’t be happening…
Just a very short time ago, life was good. None of this was happening. Everything was normal. I was going to work, hanging out with my friends, playing video games, and everything was just fine with the world.
Why is this happening now???
I realize it’s hopeless now. I can’t save my mom or anyone. Dad has finished with the priest. He turns to me and grins, his mouth dripping with that strange blue liquid.
“Jaaaasssssoooonnn.” He says, a maniacal gleam in his eye. “Time to be purified from your sins!”
I turn and start to bolt, but people in brown robes are starting to come out from all the rooms. More come in the front door. They grab me. I’m outnumbered! I can’t do anything!
One of the ones grabbing me starts to stumble, and his hoody comes partly off. It’s then that I suddenly realize they are all like that. They are acting as sickly as James was when I was taking him home.
It is then that I realize that these people must be ones who have not fully transformed yet.
I muster all my strength. I start to remember all the martial arts moves that Steve taught me. I am not very good with them, but with the people in brown robes as sickly as they are, it is not hard to me to quickly get free and through them.
I tear through the front door and run to my car and get in and turn it on again. I am again speeding backwards out of a driveway and tearing out of the neighborhood as fast as I can. I can see a few of them stumbling through the door as I speed off.
My mind swirls with thoughts of what to do as I drive, ignoring the speed limit.
My first instinct is to try to call the authorities for help. But who would believe me? And this is all spreading so fast. Who would know how many people have been turned now.
Should I escape and try to get out of town?
No… If it continues to spread, I’ll never get away from it.
I speed up as I put myself into resolve. I know exactly where I’m going. To the source of it all.
The church.
If there is a way to end all of this, it will be at the church. I’ll take Rev. Demarion on myself if I have to.
I drive aimlessly. I don’t really know where I am or where I’m going. But I know I’m going to the church.
They did something… I’m not sure what… but somehow my getting lost and ending up at the church before was no accident.
I know that is where I will end up again if that is where I am going.
In fact, I’m not sure if I could end up anywhere else.
I realize, now, that even if I were to try to leave town and escape, it would be futile.
The church is calling for me. Rev. Demarion is calling for me. They won’t let me escape. There is only one place to end up and that is where all of this will end.

I pull up to the church. It was just sunny before, but now the sky is covered with clouds and getting very dark. I can see lightning off in the distance. The wind is beginning to pick up.
I jump out of my vehicle and quickly open the back door. It always jams a little so I struggle a bit to pull it up.
In the back is where I keep the PBC swords that Steve and I use to spar with, but I also have something else back here too.
I reach back and pull something out from underneath a blanket.
I quickly grab the handle and pull the katana out before tossing the sheath into the back and closing the trunk.
This is a real one.
I bought it online several months ago. I brought it to one of our sparring sessions to show Steve. It is sharp, and will cut through a number of things with great ease.
I am going to take Rev. Demarion down by any means possible.
I begin making strides towards the church. I see Rev. Demarion standing at the door as if waiting for me. I approach.
“It’s over!” I say as I approach with the sword.
“All is as it should be.” Rev. Demarion says. “The age of the sinful is ending and a new age dawns upon us. The majority of the human race is simply becoming what it always has been. The holy remnant who are deserving and righteous will now ascend. Those who live in darkness and ignorance shall become just as they’ve treated others and the world - objects.”
Suddenly I realize I am surrounded. I am surrounded by people. Some I recognize from my first visit here. Some I recognize from the community event. They all have the same glowing blue eyes and blue lines where they are segmented like living dolls.
I brandish my blade. I feel rain suddenly pouring around me heavily. Rev. Demarion laughs. He is entering the church and closing the door as he looks on at me and grins.
“So too shall it be for you!”
The church door closes with a bang.
They are all around me. I take a deep breath and call to mind everything Steve ever has taught me. Only this time it’s not a fake sparring session. This is for real.
One of the living dolls lunges at me. I do a fake feint, then pull back and swing. The person/living doll slices easily. It gives out a piercing inhuman scream as I cut through its torso and arm, blue liquid instead of blood spurting everywhere. Its limbs writhe on the ground as it tries to move.
More of them start coming at me at once and I begin getting even more serious. Thrust. Feint. Slice. Limbs and blue liquid are going everywhere. Piercing screams. The rain seems to pour even harder now.
At different times I feel a few of them grab at me but I manage to get them off of me. I slice. They scream. That bizarre piercing scream. Limbs flying everywhere. Blue blood getting all over the place.
I feel something on my leg. I look down and see a severed arm trying to grab me. I gasp and kick it off. I see more limbs like that moving on the ground crawling by themselves towards me. I keep fighting while trying to be wary of them.
One of them comes for me. I look and gasp and realize that this one looks even less human than before. It’s a woman, but her head is in the middle of her body, she is running on a leg and an arm, and she has various limbs sticking out of her body in odd places where her torso above her head and too hands coming out of it. I scream and slice as she screams and limbs and blue liquid go flying everywhere.
I now realize they are all beginning to look like that. Limbs and body parts arranged in weird ways. It is at this point that I realize that the severed body parts and limbs I’ve been cutting off are being reformed and coming back together and different ways. I notice one of the living dolls I felled just moments ago lying on the ground as limbs come crawling towards it and attaching themselves to it in different ways.
The things coming at me begin to look more and more monstrous. I realize that if I linger here this could go on forever. I take off in a run toward the church, dodging and slicing the occasional doll. I don’t stop until I reach the door.
I quickly bolt through the door with a gasp. I reach and frantically turn the lock.
I gasp for a moment and catch my breath. I hear no sign of them outside. I stand up and compose myself for a moment. At least I feel completely dry now.
I pause and take a moment to look around the church. The place being completely empty like this gives off an eerie vibe, aided by the occasional flashing of lightning and thunder.
I walk and look around carefully, katana poised and ready to defend. It is dripping with blue liquid.
Rev. Demarion could be anywhere. It occurs to me I could have just walked right into a trap. I slowly walk into the sanctuary and take few steps in. No sign of anyone anywhere. I slowly back out and walk to the left hallway beside it, glancing off into the room to the left-front of the church. I glance to my right and notice something. In the floor, in the hallway that seems to lead to nowhere, there is an obvious latch on the ground in the red carpet.
I quickly walk over, bend down, and pull it open. It comes up fairly easily. There is a ladder leading down into the darkness. How far or to where, I do not know. But I feel certain Rev. Demarion is down there.
I gulp and compose myself as I begin descending the ladder into the darkness. I do not know what it waiting for me down here. But I have no choice. There is no way out of this. I have to end it.
The ladder seems like it goes on forever. I am climbing and climbing and climbing. All of a sudden my foot hits something and I let out a yelp. I realize my foot has touched the ground.
Finally!
I step off the ladder and walk slowly, katana raised.
It is pitch black. I can’t see anything around me. I don’t know where I am. How far underground am I?
I don’t know what it waiting for me in the darkness. What might lunge out and try to attack me at any point.
Carefully I walk for a few steps, until suddenly the whole place becomes lit up. I yelp and shield my eyes momentarily, trying to get used to the sudden brightness. I realize that I am in what looks like a cross between some kind of underground labyrinth/laboratory.
There are all sorts of hallways and machines with tubes going everywhere. Whatever is in the tubes going to and fro in and out of the machines has a distinct blue glow. I don’t know what any of this is or what any of the purpose is.
It looks like some sort of alien laboratory from some sci-fi movie. I am trying to take it all in when I suddenly look up and gasp. I feel weak in the knees from what I see. High above me, hanging on what I can only describe as crosses made out of the same type of machinery as everything else here are around, are probably a little over a hundred people. And they are not just hanging there, devices coming down front the ceiling are beaming some strange blue light into their eyes and mouths, which are all open and agape as if completely hypnotized and sucking the blue light in. I can see their bodies are all in the process of transformation.
I stagger backward, mesmerized, trying to take in and process this horrifying and bizarre scene. I realize I recognize a number of people. Neighbors, co-workers, regular customers I’ve conversed with on many days…
It is at this point that I realize I’ve left my guard down and suddenly get on the defensive again. I don’t see anyone around me, but, all of a sudden I hear Rev. Demarion’s voice behind me.
“It was like this in earliest days of what you call this world,”
I spin around and face him, gritting my teeth as I brandish my blade.
Rev. Demarion stands there, holding some kind of strange and large book.
“The civilizations that covered this world in the most ancient parts of history, nations built by technology and magic which have long disappeared from this world, they had many such things as you see here. They built their great civilizations by such beings as you see here. They took human beings who were thought of being of lower class and worth and used their magic and machines to turn them into the living dolls you see here. In that age they called them, ‘Automatons.’”
Rev. Demarion begins stepping towards me. I step backwards continuing to hold up my blade.
“This was the great sin for which mankind fell. The wiping away of free will from their fellow man and using them to do their bidding. The great civilizations fell and only remnants remained who carried the forgotten knowledge throughout history as the world developed and expanded in entirely different ways.
“They say that magic is long gone. Truly, many believe it never existed at all. But this Atlantean technology is a testament that magic is not gone. Truly, that this world may yet be reformed.”
“So you have decided on your own to repeat the original sin, even though that goes against everything your religion stands for?” I spat. “Just what kind of follower are you?”’
Rev. Demarion continues to walk toward me as I continue to step back. But he suddenly stops, as do I.
“In the beginning, sin. In the present day, salvation. It is not about what one DOES, it is about the INTENT. In the early period, automatons were created to serve the self-centeredness and greed of mankind. That is not what we want. We simply want to live purified lives so that we can ascend and be free of this cursed world with all its vices. But you, and the lot of you that live in this world and descended from the great civilizations have done everything to make sure you have created a world where that is not possible.
“Indeed, the world teems with self-centeredness and sin just as much as it’s ever been. The remnants of us who’ve carried the true knowledge and faith with us throughout history have tried to be faithful. But more and more of those of the true faith continue to be seduced by this world and have merged into it and fallen from the true faith. Less and less of us to be able to ascend and finally be free.
“Day by day you continue to rape your world and make it into your whore. With technology you have made it into your slave. Even as you inch yourselves closer and closer to your own demise, you continue to do it. No amount of rising temperatures, destruction of nature, loss of ecosystem, unnaturally destructive disasters of nature, will stop you from your continued conquest of the world and all that’s in it.
“And so thus you would even drag down the only remaining remnant of us, the last truly faithful. And thus there is but one recourse of action: to bring upon you the just reward and due punishment for your transgressions. And so thus you shall be made into what you have tried to make others – indeed – the entire world into! So thus shall you all become automatons! And then we – the true faithful – will have no further difficulty living our lives free from sin and finally ascending to become one with the All. Thus shall the world, freed from human touch, again be reborn and revitalized, and true paradise shall come to all!”
Rev. Demarion speaks with passion, his eyes showing fanatical gleam.
“You really think turning all people into… these… things… whatever you called them, will bring true paradise to Earth???” I say to him.
“I can’t think of any better recourse of action, can you?” he responds, eyes practically gleaming.
I grip my hands on the handle of my katana. Rev. Demarion truly believes everything he’s saying.
I mean, on one hand I agree with him about hating self-centeredness, and greed, and destruction of the Earth, but mixed with this type of fanaticism and radical zeal… and what they’ve already done… are doing… to everybody…
I realize this group is the most dangerous threat to our world. I also realize that I am the only one in the place to do something about it. I can’t run, anyways. There’s nowhere to run. No way to get away.
I only have one shot. Win or fail.
I’m shaking. I don’t want to be in this situation. I never wanted to be in a situation like this. But I have no other choice.
Suddenly I take off on a run towards Rev. Demarion. He can’t stop me. Steve taught me how to use a katana well.
I mean, I’ve never used it with intent to kill before, so this is all new to me, but I throw away all inhibitions.
I swing my blade down. It comes to on Rev. Demarion’s right shoulder and cuts clean through. Rev. Demarion’s whole right arm, along with that strange book he’s holding, falls to the ground as blue liquid comes splurting out.
I don’t stop. I keep slicing. I continue hacking Rev. Demarion into pieces as blue blood spews everywhere.
I hear a sound reverberating in my ears. I realize at some point that the sound is Rev. Demarion laughing at me.
I look down at him.
I have hacked him into a number of pieces. His head still attached to his dismembered upper part of his chest is looking up me and laughing at me.
I look down at the ground with all the blue blood and dismembered parts and see something wriggling around in it.
Snakes.
Like the ones I threw up in my hallucination.
I slowly begin to back up.
“Oh, Jaaaason.” Rev. Demarion says with a sneering, mocking voice. “You just don’t get it, do you?”
I see something coming out of Rev. Demarion’s dismembered parts. They look like some type of thick metal cords. I see them attaching themselves to his various severed limbs. Rev. Demarion’s dismembered body parts start to move.
I can only gaze on in horror.
He is putting himself back together!!!
I realize that I need to run.
I turn around and start running pell-mell to wherever the heck I can.
“Jaaaasssssooonn. Don’t run. The fun’s just getting started.”
I hear a strange noise coming from the ceiling and I look up. I realize the dolls are starting to fall from the crosses in various spots onto the ground.
My heart catches in my chest. They’re going to come after me! I turn and continue running.
This place is a literal maze. I have no idea where I’m going as I run through hallways of these endless strange machines.
All of a sudden a doll falls in front of me. I recognize it as one of my neighbors. Now it looks far less than human. It looks plastic. I can see clearly parts of its body that are segmented. Its soulless blue eyes just gaze at me.
A few more dolls run around the corner, and I can hear the clack-clacking indicating more are behind me.
I run forward, swinging my blade. The dolls reach for me, but they slice easily. I feel the ones behind me reaching for me. Cold fingers graze the back of my head. I turn around and slice them too.
I feel some remorse for the fact that these are technically actual people. But at the same time I realize they are human no more, which technically makes them dead. I feel some degree of sadness and horror, but there is no time to dwell on that. I can see more dropping from the ceiling. I can hear the clack-clacking and the sounds of them running.
I continue tearing through the maze. I encounter a few more and end them. As more and more of them fall I realize that there are hundreds of them up there and if if I were to face a whole lot of them at once, I might be easily overwhelmed.
I realize there could very well be no end to this. I have to find something – anything.
But I can’t think of anything. All I can do is run. I realize that I need to find a place to hide. I run around a corner and put my back against the wall. I can feel the wall pulsing behind me. I stop. I listen carefully. I can hear the sounds of them running through the maze. But they sound like they’re fairly far away. I try to catch my breath for a moment while I think of a plan.
Briefly I look to the left and my heart catches in my chest as I see Rev. Demarion’s head sticking around the corner to my right attached to a metallic cable. His mouth and beard are stained by blue blood, and his eyes omit a deep blueness that is completely inhuman.
“JAAAAAAAASSSSSSOOOOOONNNN!!!!!” It says. “COME AND TAKE PART IN OUR SALVAAATTTIOOON.”
Several of those strange snakes come around the corner and I back up with a gasp only to feel something grasp my head. I scream and try to look back. Rev. Demarion’s hand attached to another metallic cable is coming around the other corner and grabbing my head.
I flick the katana and strike upwards severing it. Even though it looks like metal, it slices as easily as everything else. I turn to face Rev. Demarion. He comes fully from behind the corner.
He doesn’t even look remotely human anymore. He is walking on a leg and a hand and the rest of his body parts are in random places connected by those strange cables.
“Jaaaaassssssooooon. Taste of our salvaaation and become whoooolle.”
Every part of my body trembles in terror, but at the same time a surge of anger flashes up. I realize I’ve had enough of this. With a yell I suddenly rush forward and stab the katana straight in the middle of Rev. Demarion’s suspended head. It goes straight through and comes out the back of his throat. Blue blood starts pouring not just out his mouth, but his entire head starts to bleed.
His whole body deformed body starts to twitch and convulse. I yank the blade out and watch as Rev. Demarion’s body falls to the ground and continues to twitch for a short while until finally it gives one last twitch and stops moving for good.
My breath is shaking. I don’t know if he’s truly dead for good but I don’t intend to stick around and find out.
I run and run through the maze. I can faintly hear the sounds of clacking around me but so far I haven’t encountered any more of them. I don’t know where I am going. I don’t know where to go.
All of a sudden I round a corner and see something new. In front of me is what looks like some type of giant control panel with strange symbols on it, and right above that is a strange, giant, oblong thing on the wall. All the blue veins in the wall are leading to it. As I look at it closely, it looks like it’s pulsing.
I realize this must be the literal heart of the place.
I hear clacking around me. It’s like they’re closing in on my position. They’ve found me. They know I’m here. They will be here at any moment.
I look at the strange object above me. It looks tough, but I wonder if it’s not just as frail as everything else I’ve sliced through today.
Without a thought, I lift up my katana and start rushing forward.
I can hear the living dolls coming around the corners… they’re here… they’ve found me… but all I do is rush forward and plunge the katana straight through the oblong object.
It sinks in easily. I hear shrieking behind me. I yank the katana out. Copious amounts of blue blood start gushing out and all over the control panel.
I turn and look behind me. All the living dolls are now convulsing as blue blood pours out of the segmented parts of their bodies. I watch as they fall to the ground and begin to wither and die.
There is a strange pressure change in the room. The veins in the walls around me are flashing. Blue lightning shoots up from the control panel to the machines in front of the crosses above me. Explosions start occurring around the whole room.
I realize that this place is likely to go up. I’m gonna be caught up in it.
I start off into a run.
I don’t remember where the ladder is. I can only hope I somehow find it before it’s too late.
Through corridor after corridor I run, occasionally passing corpses of living dolls.
The explosions get more frequent and stronger. I start to panic. I’m not going to make it!
But suddenly I turn a corner and there is the ladder. I breathe a sigh of relief and shoot up it as fast as I can. It goes up a long ways… but eventually I reach the trapdoor leading back into the church and climb out of it.
I break into a run.
I burst through the doors of the church and into the sunlight. I run through the church parking lot. All around me there is nothing but stillness. I run to my car, get in, turn it on, and begin turning around to speed out of there. 
As I speed out of the parking lot, it suddenly feels like there is a massive earthquake. A massive blue explosion comes spewing out of the ground where the church it, blue energy completely enveloping and destroying it and shooting all the way into the sky.
Suddenly it feels... how to describe it… it’s like being stuck in some type of computer glitch. Everything is flashing blue all around me. I hear static. It’s like the world is shifting all around me… and suddenly everything is normal again. There’s the street in front of me. I recognize it. I know where I’m going.
So that’s how they did it. They were using their technology to make us confused and find the church.
But now it’s over… all over.
I try to collect my nerves as I drive.
I realize now that everyone I care about is gone. Dad, mom, my brother, my sister… I’ll never see them again.
I’m now all alone in this world.
I realize I have no place to go. The only place I can think of where I know anyone is back at my workplace. So I turn on the next road and start driving towards work.
I pull into the parking lot. The blue sky is bright overhead. Few clouds. The sun beaming down brightly. People walk past my car towards the grocery store. Ordinary people. I sit and watch a mother and her young daughter chatting as they walk by.
It looks just like any other ordinary day that I might be getting off of work and going home to relax.
A strong sadness wells up in me at the fact that no matter how normal everything looks around me right now, nothing will ever be the same again.
After a while, I finally get of the car.
The crisp cool air caresses my face. A slightly cold breeze is blowing.
I head up the parking lot and enter the store. I’m hoping Steve is here. Steve is my best friend, and very smart and logical and strong. I will explain everything that happened to him. He will know I’m not making it up and he will know what to do.
I cross the store to the deli area.
Luckily, Steve is still there and I see him moving around and cooking food.
He looks up and sees me and gives me a curious look.
I walk up to the steam table area and lean against the counter.
“What’s happened to you?” he says. “You look like you’ve been through the ringer. James get home okay?”
I feel so overwhelmed it’s hard to say anything. But I take a deep breath and begin talking, looking down as I do.
“They’re all dead… every single one of them… James, mom, dad, my brother, my sister… that church that we went to, they were behind it. They did it to a lot of people… I know this is hard to believe, but they weren’t human. They were turning people into living dolls… and I destroyed their facility… along every last one of them… now a lot of people are gone, but most importantly my family… and I have nowhere to go… I know you’ll know what to do… you always know what to do… I know you’ll help me…”
There is nothing but silence above me.
“They were some weird Atlantean cult…using machines with this weird blue light to transform people. I don’t know how many people they got in our community, but it was hundreds for sure…”
Still no response from Steve.
“I know all this sounds crazy… but of all people I knew you’d believe me and know what to do. So please… tell me… what do I do…?”
I look above at Steve to get his response.
Steve stands there, mouth open, blue lines running across his entire body, and a deep blue light emanating from his eyes. I jump back in horror. Steve is not human anymore. He’s become one of them. He just glares at me, still, his mouth hanging wide open.
I quickly glance around to see if my other co-workers are noticing this. I realize in horror that they are all transformed and staring at me the same way. They are all living dolls. I start to quickly back up to turn and run away. I turn to my right and realize that all the customers in the store have stopped where they are and are all facing me. They too have all been transformed. The mother and her little girl I had been watching in the parking lot who had looked perfectly human before are now staring at me inhumanly.
They managed to get everybody!!!!!
I think in a blind panic.
No… no.
They didn’t get everyone.
There’s still one more person they have to get.
I’m surrounded. I can’t run. I can’t escape. There’s nowhere to go.
They got everyone else and I’m the last one still human standing.
Something grabs me from behind and I struggle and realize it’s Steve.
I struggle in vain.
The transformed living dolls all start to move towards me in unison. I hear the clacking and their shrieks as they suddenly rush me.
I try to scream for help.
My mouth won’t make any sounds.
I realize it’s the end for me.
There’s no escape.
Oh, God, no… no… no… help…
I feel their cold plastic hands on me.

The End

Afterword

About This Story

One night, after studying comparative religion and perhaps having too much pizza, I went to bed and had a bizarre dream. In it, I was driving home from my full time job and got lost and found myself out in front of a strange church. Long story short, it turned out the church was part of an ancient Atlantean cult that was hypnotizing people through community events and transforming them into something else a la an ‘Invasion of the Body Snatchers’ type scenario. I woke up before the dream was actually finished, and thought it warranted being interesting enough to perhaps turn into a novel. When I started writing the concept out, I was initially looking to make it more ‘realistic’ and remove the absurdities of dream logic when the thought suddenly occurred to me: why do that? Why not write it exactly as it occurred, illogical absurdities at all, and write it in the form of a dream exactly as it happened? As I teased this idea in my head, I started wondering: this isn’t the only bizarre dream I’ve had over the course of my life, why not do a whole series turning notable ones into short stories, as a series of anthologies? And thus this series was born. Concerning this story in particular, based on the particular dream that started it all, the first half of the story up to the point of Jason trying to escape from James’ home is very close to how I dreamed it. At that point I woke up. I really wish I could have dreamed how it ended, but alas, I was stuck with pretty much making up the rest. I’m fairly proud of how it turned out. I hope it was an enjoyable ride for you too. This book remained half-written on my computer hard drive for several years. Things happened in my personal life and I fell out of writing. As of recently, I decided to come back and actually finish it and do several other stories in the series I have ideas for. If you have made it all to the end of this book and are reading this, I thank you very much. Please consider leaving feedback to let me know what you thought of my work! And feel free to check out my social media listed below.

Who Is J.T. Night?

J.T. Night was originally a pseudonym I was going to use specifically for all my horror stories. I was originally thinking of writing in multiple genres and, as a joke, having different pseudonyms in addition to my real name, and, depending on which story I was writing, having it written by either myself or one of my pseudonyms. I was planning on taking this joke as far as ‘co-authoring’ certain books with my pseudonyms, and even on occasion having one of my pseudonyms writing as me. I ended up mostly scrapping this idea, but decided to keep ‘The Nightmares of J.T. Night’ for this series as my gut feeling feels the title is catchy. Personally, I conceive of J.T. Night as a writer who has been plagued ever since he was a kid with chronic nightmares. Whenever he falls asleep, he falls through one nightmare scenario after another very similar to the character ‘Steven’ in Alice Cooper’s ‘Welcome To My Nightmare’ concept albums. He normally tries to medicate himself when he falls to sleep so he doesn’t dream at all, but every now and then the nightmares manage to slip through. In a waking state he writes down his dreams as horror stories as a cathartic way of dealing with it.

About Christopher Teese

Christopher Teese is a writer of horror, fantasy, and drama who lives by himself with the voices in his apartment walls that divulge useless mysteries of the universe to him.

Connect With Me

Twitter: @ZodiarkEstharia

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/ZodiarkEstharia

Try Another Nightmare of J.T. Night

The Damned Are Outside My Window (Sample)

I lie in bed, staring at the ceiling, trying to fall asleep. Sleep isn’t coming easily. Too wound up about tomorrow. All the lights are out. Even the gas station outside is pitch black, the lone employee gone. The only light around comes from the gas station sign which is still illuminated. The light hits the windows of the bus. I’m grateful for it, honestly. Me and pitch black darkness don’t do really well. After some time drowsiness begins to hit me and I feel myself starting to fade out.
Then – how can I describe it? All of a sudden it’s like I can see everything in the entire bus. It’s like I’m sorta out of my body in a sense. I’m awake, I realize, but I can’t move. I start to struggle. But my body just will not move no matter what I do.
I feel a tinge of fear – just what is going on???
Then, all of a sudden, they start showing up at the windows just above me. One by one. The first one looks like a woman, but her face is overly large and pale white. It’s like looking at some type of horrific mannequin. She has blond hair coming out which looks more like some type of rope than actual hair. Her green eyes almost look like there’s extra eyes inside her eyes. She is grinning, and her teeth are jagged and sharp. 
The next one looks like a man – but he has two heads, both in an unnatural oblong shape, each with no hair. His skin looks like leather, not like human skin at all. 
The next one that appears looks even less human that the others – skin that looks rocky with jagged spikes sticking up all over its body. There are holes where its eyes and mouth are, but all I can see inside is blackness.
Another one appears – dark skin, but covered head to toe with eyes, all blinking at different times. No eyes on its head in the spot you would normally find them.
On the left window, one appears that looks close to being human, but with no easily discernible gender. It sticks itself onto the window, and, like jello, starts flattening itself all over the window, its extremely distorted face looking horrifically at me.
Another one appears – which looks like the deformed face of a human that has become lizard-like. A long, fat, pointed tongue sticks out of its mouth, and it’s drooling.
More and more of them appear. I can see them crowding around the windows of the bus. Looking straight down at me.
They all are humanoid, but they look like anything but human. Grotesque and deformed in every conceivable way.
I still can’t move. I can’t make a noise. I can’t scream. What is going on here?
Jake is snoring soundly to my left. My siblings and parents are asleep in the back. No one is waking up. No one else is aware of what is going on.
I hear a strange noise, which seems to be reverberating all around me, then I suddenly realize.
Are the – things – outside the windows – are they laughing?
I cannot tell for sure.
An agonizingly long time goes by. Them looking at me. Me being completely paralyzed, fear wracking my entire being.
Then, all of a sudden, they start to all back away from the window. I cannot see them anymore. A minute passes. Everything is completely still. The stillness in a way is almost more terrifying than when I was able to see them. I still cannot move.
My heart leaps in my throat when I hear a click and a sudden creak at the front of the bus. I know it well. It’s the sound of the passenger door being unlocked and opened.
THEY’RE COMING IN!!!!!
I can’t see anything, but I can hear something coming inside. I hear shuffling, as if something is crawling on the floor. 
Shuffling, shuffling, shuffling… 
Something is getting closer and closer to me.
I start to panic. This can’t be happening!
Tomorrow is supposed to be our big day! Me and my family and Jake and our band, we’ve been looking so forward to this! Everything’s been going so well! Why this, why now? What are these things and what are they about to do to us?
I’m more worried about myself than anyone else at the moment, though.
I suddenly remember the strange apparition I thought I saw on the side of the road earlier. I guess it wasn’t my imagination after all. I thought we had long passed by. I thought we were safe. But we’re not! We’re not! We’re not! We’re not!
I struggle to move, putting every ounce of my being into it. But nothing. I can’t move at all. Fear permeates every part of my body.
I can hear it now. It’s right next to my bed.
I can do nothing but wait for whatever might be about to happen.
It’s rising.
It’s getting up.
It’s the one that looks like a man with two heads.
His faces are right next to mine.
There’s a little bit of drool coming out of one of his mouths, on his left head.
He looks down at me.
I can smell and feel his breath as he breathes heavily over me. It’s a stench of decay and death.
Please no please no please no just let me go don’t do anything to me please
I want to run. I want to scream. But I can do nothing.
I see a hand reaching up.
His hand, which only has three large fingers on it.
He’s reaching down towards me.
I start shaking and hyperventilating.
I feel cold sweat running down my head and all over my body.
The man’s hand comes down and grabs my arm.

Get 'The Damned Are Outside My Window' Here!
