The Darkwood Mysteries: The Wrath of the Dragon

by Steve Merrifield
copyright 2013 Steve Merrifield
Smashwords Edition

This novella is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This novella is not to be sold or re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this novella with another person, then please tell them about it so that they can download it for themselves. If you enjoyed this novella, then please return to Smashwords to discover other works by this author.

To support the continued investigations of Darkwood and Hobbs into the criminal and the supernatural, be sure to leave encouraging ratings and reviews. For news on new Darkwood Mysteries and other writing, visit my website, and follow me on Twitter and on Facebook.





Contents
The Darkwood Mysteries
Part One: Fire from the Sky
Part Two: Hunting Dragons
Part Three: The Mandarin





The Darkwood Mysteries

These are the chronicles of the pursuits of Emily Darkwood—my employer, teacher, and friend; a young woman who refused to allow Victorian society to dictate her life, determined to become a physician and surgeon, and live a life of her own making. Inheritance gave her means and opportunity, and with it came her most cherished possession: an amber stone that once belonged to her mother. A gem with the curious power to draw its owner and dark happenings together. Through the stone, Darkwood courageously shone her light upon the mysteries gathered to her—both criminal and supernatural—in her search for answers to the fates of her missing parents. With resolve, wits, and revolver, she became a fighter of the wicked and the monstrous lurking within the shadows.

Jack Hobbs, her ever faithful servant-companion and your narrator, humbly presents...

The Wrath of the Dragon

Part One: Fire from the Sky

The search was on. Miss Darkwood rounded a corner onto a crossroad of narrow grey lanes and looked over the heads of other street walkers. Carts and stacked crates crowded in upon us. My mistress' pace quickened in an altered direction. Before I had even seen the thick throng of people at the end of the street, I knew from her sudden determination we had found our way to the site she sought to investigate.
A rabble gathered around the base of a great column of grey smoke—the landmark we had been navigating across London to reach.
The cause of a fire often remains unknown to all but those who witnessed its beginning, however; I imagine if you are familiar with Darkwood and her pursuits, you might ask yourself why my mistress sought to investigate this site, as fires are not uncommon. Well, this was the fifth site of devastation in as many weeks, and their number and the rumours about their cause had drawn upon Darkwood's keen sense for a mystery. A sense sharpened by that amber stone set within a brooch upon her chest.
Miss Darkwood usually pursued a mystery with an air of excited determination, but she had been uncharacteristically quiet and stern-faced during our cab ride and explorations on foot which followed our arrival in the East End.
Uncomfortable with the change in her demeanour, I dared to be personal, "If you don't mind me saying so, Miss—you look vexed."
Darkwood's dark eyes turned upon me and widened.
"And you have to wonder at why?"
She spoke as though it should have been obvious to me. "Miss?"
Darkwood's eyes rolled exaggeratedly upwards in the direction of the brown Tyrolean style hat, its brim coming to a point at one side, the rise adorned with silk flowers and leaves, topped off with three stuffed birds standing proud in frozen flight, and feeding from the foliage with their unusually long and tapered beaks.
"It's the hat?" I asked, none too sure.
"It's the hat," she blurted with apparent relief at the revelation. "It's most definitely the hat. There, I have said it! You are bound to an oath of silence on the matter. I must sound ungrateful to you, Master Hobbs. It was very kind of Aunt Edith to think of me and to treat me so… And I was touched by the Christmas gift… before I opened it."
"It is a fine hat, Miss. Didn't she say it is 'very fashionable'?"
Darkwood tutted and shook her head disapprovingly. "Honestly, who decides such things is beyond me. I question the paths people will allow themselves to be directed in through the dictate of fashion."
"Is the issue that Mrs Darkwood is out of touch with fashion? Perhaps with her eyes from another age?"
"Sadly, I think the issue is that Aunt Edith is very aware of the tastes of fashion, far more informed than I care to be. I believe it is that those tastes are not my own."
I did not know what to say. "It looks to me to be a fine hat."
She offered me a smile of gratitude skewed by doubt. "It's not so much a hat, more a taxonomic display."
"A what, Miss?"
"A display of things stuffed. Which is quite how I feel—my head stuffed into a display that I would imagine being more suited to residing beneath a bell jar."
Again I did not know what else to say to cheer her, but she had yet to conclude her complaint, "Did you know a hummingbird, such as is fixed to my hat, can flap its wings at an extraordinary rate, and hover in place in the air to feed, which it does with its uniquely long and curiously shaped bill; and its tongue is even longer, and thought to be the only known bird that can fly backwards? It's a unique specimen that deserves pride of place within the Natural History Museum or an ornithologist's collection. Instead, there are three upon my hat."
"Perhaps you should donate your hat to a museum, Miss?"
Darkwood gave me an unbridled smile and her mirth twinkled as flecks of gold in her dark eyes. "Perhaps as you like it so much I could have it adapted as a bowler to replace your own."
"No, Miss, my hat is fine as it is."
"Ha-ha. Have a care for me then, Master Hobbs. 'Miss Darkwood and her amazing hat'. I hope fashion does not dictate further or I might have a tiger's head for a bonnet, or a leopard or a zebra hide as a coat."
Miss Darkwood wore a black coat similar to an Inverness cape, but longer and flared out toward the ground to enable her to fasten the coat around her flared skirts—its high collar and hems trimmed with auburn fur. "You have fox on your collar and cuffs," I pointed out.
"Not an entire fox, Hobbs, although that is also the fashion. I merely have a trim for comfort for chilly days such as today. And from an animal widely regarded as vermin. Practicality I understand, Hobbs. If it rains, I shall be dry and warm until I can find shelter. I will, however, also have three dead birds hanging sodden about my face."
"In fairness, I don't think Mrs Darkwood intended it for practicality."
We arrived at the crowd and my mistress stepped into it with an air of authority, excusing and pardoning herself to those displaced by her presence, while I jostled my way in against those seemingly unwilling to afford me the same courtesy they did my mistress. Being short for my age, my vision filled with the backs and shoulders of those who crowded about me. The offensive stink of smoke conjured images of timber reduced to cracked charcoal and brick smothered in soot, even though I couldn't see the smoking remains of the building before us. Darkwood came to a halt, and I shoved myself in at her side in a rough enough manner to earn a complaint from a burly man. I ignored him and hoped my youth caused him to excuse my boisterous disregard for care.
Miss Darkwood had found the front. She held a balled up handkerchief to her nose and mouth against the bitter taste of the smoke, which occasionally swept through the crowd under a changeable breeze. The image I had formed in my head needed increasing in scale to reflect the reality. In our approach of the five-storey tenement ahead of us, I thought the fire had erupted within a smaller property that stood before it. Except now I could see the brown brick tenement, with its bricks blasted and cracked by fire and its glass windows blackened or gone, had been the source itself. The tangle of timbers which brimmed and jutted from the base were sections of the interior structure, and floors collapsed and forced through the ground floor.
The London mob was unusually quiet beneath the puff-puff of the brigade's steam pump as firefighters hosed the smouldering remains. Only occasionally did I hear questions amongst the crowd of, "What happened here?"; or, "Could anyone survive?"; or dismissals of, "Only Irish lived there"; or accusations like, "The Irish did this." Most street folk of the East End hated the Irish who arrived in droves since the blight, unable to find sympathy in the face of competition for work and living.
Men moved amongst the smouldering and smoking debris. Brave brigade men in their shining metal helmets trudged through the shattered remains in their great knee-boots, and constabulary stepped gingerly and precariously from beam to beam.
Sharp cries of, "Ho!" and, "Here!" lanced the air amid the ruins.
Four or five of the servicemen took gallant strides through the devastation and converged upon a floor fallen to a steep angle and descended into the remains of the building. The men disappeared beneath, and I wondered for their safety. Time passed without sound other than the crackle of fire, creak of timbers, and skitter of rubble. An anxious murmur ran through the mass. Timbers fell and gasps rose from the crowd.
The servicemen re-emerged, each with a hold on a woman prone between them.
The survivor writhed against her saviours, not in resistance but in distress and pain. Although the clothes of her upper half were smoke blackened and undamaged, her skirts had burnt away and her unmoving and stiff legs were as black and charred as the surrounding timbers. To have survived the fire at all, she must have been on one of the higher floors that collapsed downward. I knew from the knowledge and experience my mistress shared with me from her surgical training and practice that burns often led to death because of the infections the victims were prone to afterwards. Nausea rolled through me. From the extent of her injuries, she had little chance for survival beyond this disaster. Her final hours would be a painful torment.
The men delivered the poor injured woman to a waiting hand cart that would either take her to a hospital or the mortuary, depending upon her stamina. Miss Darkwood charged forward to be at her side. A policeman stepped in to bar her way.
"Now, Miss, back into the crowd with you. This is no place for a woman."
"I'm training to be a doctor, I could assist her… comfort her at the very least."
The policeman caught Darkwood's wrists before her and restrained her from pushing past him. "A doctor, eh? Course you are, Miss. I don't think she's long for this world to be needing nursing, dear. Save yourself the nightmares and take yourself back into the crowd. That's a good girl." He looked her up and down and took in her expensive clothing, "Lady, I should say. Sorry, Miss."
Darkwood nodded her acquiescence. The constable released her, satisfied she had yielded to his authority. I wondered if she might then brain him with her umbrella and run around him. She did not appreciate obstacles, she usually went through or around them.
The injured woman wailed. Had Darkwood been so determined to get past the man, her terrifying cries to anyone who would heed her would have stopped my mistress mid-assault, 
"A dragon! A fiery beast! A dragon did this!"
The woman screamed her warning, then became unintelligible within her pain as the men lowered her onto the cart. Her eyes turned inwards, her head dropped back, and she became limp. She remained still thereafter.
I knew her to be dead.
The thirty-fourth confirmed victim of these fires.
She had only survived long enough to convey her frightening revelation and warning, which sent ripples of voices through the crowd. Repeats of, "Dragon?" and, "Dragon!" accompanied by several cries of, "Nonsense!" and, "Madness!", yet the more abundant whisperings were of, "Another attack!", "The dragon did this!", and "The Dragon 'as struck again!".
The talk of a dragon had been the draw for Darkwood to the fire.
A dragon in London?
It seemed preposterous. Then, before meeting Miss Darkwood, so had ghosts, witches, and vampires. All encountered at her side.

While I was used to the ruin lives of poverty brought to the faces of the residents of these areas, I had never seen so many look as pale and waxy as they did. A pallor which must have caused by the tragedy before them, the stench of cooked flesh, and the fear the dying woman conjured in them.
Fear of a dragon.
It was this talk of a dragon causing the fires that had so caught my mistress' attention (and mine also!).
The nature of Darkwood's guide stone was to induce in the owner a feeling for coming danger and the supernatural akin to an additional sense. This was the least of its effect, for the stone was also known to invade the mind with visions, flashes of foresight, and nightmares. It was open to interpretation and not reliable as a protection, but something upon the scale of a dragon from legend made real should have provoked some influence.
Dragon or not, Darkwood's compassion for the common man and her attraction to a mystery were enough of a call upon her to investigate and exorcise her intrigue for these tragedies.
Word of this fire arrived at Darkwood's ears that Saturday morning via Mrs Grosse's garrulous lips as the plump housekeeper and cook served the Darkwoods their breakfast. Darkwood had let Mrs Grosse have her tut and her lament at the cruelty of the world before discretely asking if it had occurred in the East End. The cook confirmed it had. Darkwood needed no other information for her to postpone her planned promenade walk with Jonathan West, a fellow student at St Thomas' hospital, and hail a cab after breakfast for her and myself.
Though Mr West would be disappointed by the postponement, Edith Darkwood (my mistress' aunt and guardian) presented with the greater upset.
I was tending the fire in the grate of the dining room and was present for the exchange between aunt and niece at breakfast.
"Why choose the poverty of the East End over the pleasantness of Regent's Park on what looks to be a fine March day?"
"Particularly for the impoverished, Aunt. If there has been a fire, I would like to see whether my poor persons' practice has been damaged or can offer any service or relief to the injured."
Professor Darkwood had grunted his disapproval from behind his newspaper at that. He hadn't agreed with her setting the practice up through concerns for her safety. The East End was another world to most in Darkwood's class—a dangerous world.
Miss Darkwood had given her newspaper obscured uncle the briefest of hard looks before continuing, "If the practice has fallen victim then I can make alternative arrangements in preparation for those who might be waiting for my ministrations come Monday. I thought you supported my philanthropic ideals?"
"I do. I do," Mrs Darkwood had replied pensively. "You know I tirelessly support The Women's Society for Organising Charitable Relief and Repressing Mendicity for those that Want for Work; it would be so nice if you supported the cause with me."
"I would join you, Aunt Edith, except saying the name of the charity makes me quite giddy from breathlessness. What is even the abbreviation for that? The WSOCRRMTTWW? Good grief!"
"Oh, Emily! I wish you wouldn't criticise so. It would be nice to support the charity together."
"I'm just teasing. Although, what of Mr Mayhew's other category of the poor; 'the can't work'?. What about the unfortunates who are mentally deficient or physically unable?"
"You think the charity should be called 'The Women's Society for Organising Charitable Relief and Repressing Mendicity for those that Want for Work and for those that Can't', don't you?" Mrs Darkwood had asked with a heavy tone of displeasure.
"Oh, Aunt Edith! I'm just playing with you. I know you lend your kindness and your time to your charities for good deeds, and I respect that. I just prefer to take a more direct approach to supporting those in need. There are plenty of other things we do together and I thoroughly enjoy them."
"Those wounded will be tended to without you, and you could send the boy to look at your surgery for you. You need not chaperone Master Hobbs," Professor Darkwood stated abruptly from behind the news.
"Oh, Emily, actually, you really should have a chaperone with you and young Mr West. I can't believe I hadn't thought of it before now. What a terrible guardian."
I knew some of Mrs Darkwood's dismay came from the guilt I'm sure she felt at an arranged marriage which had nearly lost my mistress her inheritance and her guide stone in a Hellfire Club plot.
"Henry, she needs a chaperone. It would be indecent not to have one. Henry and I could come with you."
"I'm not going!" the newspaper had blustered. "Spring or not; it's bloody cold outside."
"Henry!" Mrs Darkwood raised her grey opal eyes, as she often did in reaction to his lapses into coarse language and a brusque manner. "Well, I will go without you," she had stated resolutely.
"As you like. No point in both of us suffering the cold," he grunted.
"Aunt Edith, Jonathan and I study together and work alongside one another in the hospital without need of a chaperone, and if I were meeting him to promenade, I would not need one today."
Mrs Darkwood had sat even more upright and poised than usual and tutted as she roughly buttered a slice of toast. "How could you disappoint such a fine young man?"
Mrs Darkwood had come around to support Miss Darkwood's strive for a career as a physician and surgeon, but she worried for her niece's eligibility for marriage. Potential suitors were few, with only Jonathan West or Miss Darkwood's Cousin Robert Darkwood as likely candidates. Both had their complications, with Mr Darkwood studying for the priesthood under the Catholic yolk and Jonathan West being the son of Professor West—a senior at the hospital and dean of the university, and an opponent of Miss Darkwood's studies and aspirations. Mrs Darkwood became most hopeful whenever Miss Darkwood had the opportunity of the company of an eligible gentleman.
"Mr West has let me down on many occasions with his views against women in the medical profession. By comparison, my not accompanying him on a walk in the park seems the lesser disappointment."
"But that poor boy! It would be unfair to judge a man for his opinion of the roles of men and women when such ideas are held by the majority and are indoctrinated within our very society. You judge him because you aspire to alternative ideals."
"Even so, are such large disagreements a fertile ground for a relationship?" Miss Darkwood had challenged.
Mrs Darkwood sighed, "My dear, the institution of marriage has its foundations within compromise." 
The two Darkwood women shared a discrete turn toward Professor Darkwood behind his broadsheet screen, a turn they followed with a silent exchange of glances that ended in the briefest of smirks.
Mrs Darkwood wouldn't concede, "From the little I have seen of Mr West—as you have declined to entertain him here—he seems a fine young man. Dashing, intelligent and has prospects."
"Even if I were to admit he were all those things, can a bond truly be made from opposing forces?"
"Good Lord, you can't get more opposite than man and woman…" Professor Darkwood blasted before he folded the paper barrier into quarters and placed it on the table beside his plate to enable him to read while he ate. His eyes hadn't left the text as he tucked vigorously into his scrambled eggs and continued to speak in a grumble through his greying mutton chop beard. "I thought it love that cemented a marriage. Hah! Two women discussing marriage and it takes a man to talk of love!"
Professor Darkwood had immediately broken from reading and eating at that point, as though a thought had occurred to him. He peered over his wire-framed spectacles and asked Miss Darkwood in earnest, "Do you love the West boy?"
"Henry! Honestly, you shouldn't corner Emily into the vulgarity of an open heart."
Professor Darkwood lost interest and returned to slicing his food and loading his fork. "Hah! Heaven forbid a woman be plain about her thoughts and feelings."
"Perhaps I do not see the attraction of Mr West as much as dear Aunt Edith here, who seems most distressed at Jonathan walking alone. I can't help but think she should wish to take my place."
"Nonsense," Mrs Darkwood flustered, busying herself in needlessly arranging her plate, cup and saucer and table accessories into some suddenly thought of order.
Professor Darkwood joined in the fun. "Would you be requiring a chaperone, my love?"
Mrs Darkwood shook her head in dismissal of their frivolity. "Henry, perhaps on a bright day like this, we should walk in the spring park and share a picnic together? Show the young how courtship is conducted."
"Go out? Hobbs is getting a damn good fire going. Why would you want to go outside? It's cold enough to freeze the balls off a brass monkey out there!"
"Henry! Where do you get your expressions?"
"I believe that one was from an admiral I treated," he answered with a grin, looking proud of himself.
"A sailor's humour, dear, should be left to the sailors, and they should leave it at the dockyard where it belongs," Mrs Darkwood stated distastefully.
"Well, why on earth would I want to be shivering outside when I could be warm in the comfort of my home? I certainly don't want to be eating from the ground when we have a perfectly practical table and comfortable chairs. Think of your digestion dear."
"Yes, Auntie, you are a perfect modelling of compromise, and when I say compromise, I of course mean love."
Mrs Darkwood tousled the stray strands of greying brown hair that had escaped her French twist bun. "Perhaps I should keep Emily's engagement with Master West."
Professor Darkwood reached out and patted his wife's delicate hand, his eyes still distracted in scanning the text of his paper. "My cherub, you know we only have eyes for each other. Keep me company in the warm."
"Beautiful. Uncle, you realise a cherub is either a fearsome four-faced biblical creature or a renaissance creation of a chubby infant boy."
"Yes, thank you, dear niece, I'm not sure what I have done to deserve that insight. Haven't you got somewhere to be? Some poor people to save?"
Miss Darkwood did have people she wanted to save.
From which danger she wanted to save them was not so apparent. But there were now none left to save.

An old scavenger sidled up to me and unloaded a bulging, greasy sack from his back to the ground. He rested his hand at the top of his picker stick, used to sift through street detritus. He was one of many who took advantage of the waste businesses and householders dumped in the street to rot or be reclaimed. The rag man's copious greying locks bushed unkempt about his head from beneath a shabby cap, except where the hair became ringlets beside the matted, full beard. It masked half his lined face and tumbled wildly over itself like a garden of weeds growing over a crumbling wall to obscure the lapels of his tired grey flannel suit. A great hooked beak of a nose, the most prominent and noticeable feature of his face, protruded.
He leaned in with a fawning stoop and spoke in a lingering whine. "A survivor in there. Who woulda 'fort. To think o' survivin' that! Meshugga!"
I was well-used to the street and its characters, having lived upon it for much of my youth before Miss Darkwood gave me employment, a home, and a place in the world, but this man bobbed in the air suspended between a bow and a curtsey and exuded abasement while his furtive eyes seemed to flit about to take in every detail of me. I found them to be most distrustful mannerisms. Perhaps he was measuring my worth for a dipping.
Many of the men of the street told me to 'never trust a Jew' and despite knowing better through the lessons learnt at my Mistress' side, the old prejudices caused me to steal another glance at the man. His eyes were on my mistress and I stood as tall as I could with my shoulders pushed back. Thankfully, I appeared taller than he with his stoop.
"What brings such a pretty mentsh to this?"
"I believe that's her business and not yours."
"Of course, of course, of course. Not my business. No, it is not." He was not dissuaded. "Mah business is rags, and seein' such fine material, I wondered what a pretty liedy might be doin' so far from 'er society. Out o' concern."
Darkwood returned to my side after the dying woman's revelation. She smiled warmly at the man, as was her custom to be welcoming to all unless or until she had reason not to be. Although it had been that same generosity of kindness she had afforded me and which had breached the gulf between our two worlds and saved me from the streets, I wished she would be more restrained in other instances. I feared her gentleness encouraged undesirables to think her naïve to their motives. Wrongly, of course.
In this instance I was more concerned this man would be an inconvenience who would needlessly draw on our time on a day where I shared Professor Darkwood's like for being in the warm.
"Can we help you, sir?" Miss Darkwood asked politely.
"Help me? No, no, no. Mah liedy, it was I considerin' you might need mah 'sistance. You look a liettle lost."
"I do? I assure you I am quite certain of my bearings and I have my trusty guide here for the areas I am unfamiliar with."
"I only say this as from yer dress you look to be a liedy of means. A woman o' wealthy wares may'aps more at 'ome in the West End, than 'ere."
"It's the hat, isn't it?" Darkwood asked, her shoulders dropping.
"Yes, yes, yeees; quite a wondahful 'at," he cast a hand about it as though he were beholding it in awe. "Quite the envy of siemply dressed denizens of this deprived and dreary doh'main."
"I told you, Hobbs. This hat is quite unsuitable for me."
"I'm sure Mrs Darkwood didn't intend for you to be wearing it on one of your investigations."
I didn't need the covert glance of admonishment I received from Darkwood to realise my error as soon as I had made it.
"Investigation?" the man asked, his wiry brows knitted together.
"Yes, like all the others here, I was drawn to see the cause of all this smoke," Darkwood stated without hesitation.
"This isn't the place fer uhn innocent such as yahself."
"Thank you, kind, sir. However, I am quite certain of my safety with all these constables and firemen about. Perhaps you could be of service to me, though. Do you know this area well?"
"Well, my dear? I 'ave lived 'ere all mah life. Madam, I knah this burrah as y'might knah your chamber. 'ave these warrens tested yer guide?"
"No."
My firm defence went unremarked upon. 
Miss Darkwood circled a finger in the air to indicate the surrounding crowd. "Is there anyone here you would suspect of being responsible for this tragedy? I imagine such villains as arsonists would stay to watch the destruction. Perhaps you could help the police."
"'sponsible'? So you think summun did this?" Judging by the twitch of his beard, the man might have been grinning. His voice certainly held a tone of mirth.
"You don't believe the dragon did this?"
"It's what sum say; a dragon from the Orient, writhin' in the air like a ribbun of ripplin' flame, spittin' fahr."
"And have you seen such a thing?"
"No, my dier—just mah vivid vernaculah to invest the vestry of the mind with vision!" The man played his dirty fingers before his face as a magician might in some theatrical sleight of hand.
"Quite the wordsmith."
The man made a humble bow. "The dragon is the word on the street. I like to play wiv words. Some days, aside from me rags, words ah all I 'ave."
Darkwood's lips pursed as she measured the people about us. "With no Saint George at hand to protect us, are the mob finding alternative targets? The Irish, perhaps?"
"Not the Irish, un thank'ully for my worthless neck, not thah Jewish either. The Chahnese."
"The Chinese?"
"They the ones all eyes ah lookin' aht for nah. The yellah rivah devil's are the 'uns in peril nah. People a' seen the face o'the dragon on signs and pitchers of their biesinesses. The Chahnese are marked for these fahrs nah."
"Mob mentality madness makes me melancholy," Darkwood stated, with a nod to the man's wordplay. She issued a tut. "Ridiculous and saddening: the fear of the unknown alien."
"As you say," the man bowed respectfully.
"Well, in my mind there are no such things as dragons. Could it be delirium? I note many about us look quite sickly…"
I was pleased to have my own unspoken observations of the curious pallor of many in the crowd confirmed by Miss Darkwood. It encouraged me to think my eyes, experience, and judgement had developed to pick on these details through Darkwood. I glanced about me again and amongst the many people I spotted a clammy sheen on faces, eyes with unfocussed stares, and mouths constantly wetting themselves with tongues. Yet no one seemed weakened by their state, just strangely altered by it.
"Sick? No court for King Cholera 'ere. No sickness b'yond what we live with froo ah predicahments, my liedy."
Sickness was common on the streets.
Darkwood nodded her understanding with a blank face and lips pursed. Her experience from working with illness caused her to have her doubts at his suggestion.
The man loitered, which I did not like, and Miss Darkwood took advantage of this, which I also did not like—although I understood her need to talk with him.
"There is a man in a long brown coat, over a brown suit, with a brown tie, his ensemble completed by a brown bowler hat." She didn't point but guided us with a glance in the man's direction on the other side of the crossroads where he stood at the end of an uneven channel in the crowd. She did this without a sign of any expression upon her face that might give away her interest in him.
Brown was a common enough colour for clothing, yet the shades of his garments were uniform across his person and in a clean and good condition that stood out amongst the pieced together and distressed apparel of the crowd.
"Since we have arrived, I have yet to see him take an interest in the ruin, only the people about it."
"A detective?" the rag man suggested.
He had had said it before the same words could leave my mouth. My cheeks grew hot.
Darkwood shook her head. "No, I am quite familiar with the constabulary."
The shabby man studied the brown coat man with narrowed eyes.
"He is not the only brown coat man within the crowd with a keener interest in the multitude than the draw of the spectators itself."
I had no doubt that Darkwood's observation was correct, although I struggled to find others similarly attired. "Perhaps these detectives aren't local. They might have been picked to not be noticed as police, Miss."
"A possibility, Hobbs. Well considered. If that is the case, then these fellows need to take into account their audience and surroundings and moderate their behaviour and dress accordingly."
"Their hats look the part though, Miss."
"Yes, quite." Darkwood smirked at my jibe before making her own observation, "The costermonger's cart is familiar."
"Is it?" I questioned.
"The third drum of coffee is dented, and the cart has a curious awning that covers the entire cart and vending space. I have seen that cart in our travels investigating these fires."
It was the same barrow. Coster carts were so familiar to me I paid them little mind unless my stomach was grumbling. The awning did make it stand out from the others as Darkwood had observed, as where it extended at the back behind the cart fabric walls dropped to the floor to form a tent for the coster to stand within.
I had seen it before. It was a cart I had visited on two of our fire damage visits for its strong bitter coffee and sweet tender buns. A hunger and thirst arose within me. "You should try his coffee and his buns, Miss. They are very wholesome and satisfying. Cheap, too; can't imagine how he makes a living on those prices."
"As I have observed, Hobbs, through your enthusiastic consumption—you wondered at his profits when his prices are so low, and I wonder whether you taste what you eat when you eat so fast." She turned to the ragman. "Tell me, sir, do you happen to know the man who runs that stall?"
"You speak lahk a dietective y'rself," the man said, his eyes furtive, the fingers of one hand wriggling on his picker stick.
Darkwood laughed. "But I am a young woman? I couldn't be a detective." She played the perceived limitations of her sex, which normally troubled her, to her advantage. "I just enjoy a mystery. Perhaps I would make a good detective."
"'is name is Jackson. That's all I knah, Miss. He dahn't talk. I 'ave nah need to knah more abaht 'im either."
"I suppose I should commend his entrepreneurial initiative in choosing to set up at a site of disaster, knowing the hunger of the crowd will not just be for tragedy, even if such opportunism causes me to question the man's sense of decency."
"When you need food in your belly and a roof over your head, people will turn a penny how they will on the street, Miss."
"Quite, Hobbs, and far be it from me to judge from my sheltered position of privilege. People do much worse for lesser causes."
The rag man gave Darkwood a humble bow at her wisdom. "I 'ave rags to buy, an' rags to sell, my liedy. All bellah your class. I mus' go'n earn my suppah." With that, he exchanged farewells with us. I even received a bow from the man, although I probably didn't deserve it the way I had spoken to him and from the relief I experienced at his departure.
The rag man drifted away from person to person and repeated in a low chant, "Will bah rags to sell. Rags to sell. Pennies fah bundled rags…" 
"Why don't you avail yourself of some refreshment?" Darkwood suggested once he was out of hearing. She delivered some coins into my hand. "Sip your drink and chew your food. See what you learn, even if this coster truly is mute, such gatherings are rife for gossip and careless talk."
Eager for the man's wares, I went over to his stall, but to my disappointment and to foil Darkwood's plan, the coster was not in attendance of his cart. Judging from the bare shelves, the man had sold out. I rapped my knuckles against the cylinders and received a hollow reply. My stomach groaned mournfully.
I returned to find Darkwood's attention upon an area of the crowd. The men in brown coats had grouped together. A tall, dark-haired, brawny man held a sheet of paper out to another, as though he were reporting to a superior. This young, fair, clean shaven, and man of slighter build, gave the paper a cursory look, then screwed it into a ball and threw it down upon the ground in apparent anger.
Darkwood and I watched the paper roll away. My mistress gave me a nod, and with a dog's instinct I instantly acted upon the gesture. I weaved through the natural channels of the crowd, bobbed behind the brown coats, scooped up the ball of paper, carried on through the people without stopping, and circled back around the crowd to my mistress. She turned her back on the multitude and straightened the paper to reveal what looked to me like scribbles but with a deliberateness of straight lines and curves that were lost to me.
"It's nothing. Just rubbish."
"Possibly…" Darkwood mused, distracted. "But possibly not."
"It's just pen practice isn't it? Doesn't look like anything."
"They are Chinese characters. This, my dear Hobbs, is writing. Something our brown coats seem to have found distinctly frustrating, and therefore, significantly interesting to me…"

With nothing more to learn from the site, our investigation continued elsewhere and upon other lines. Faced with hours at the British Library trawling impenetrable volumes on Chinese language and its multitudinous calligraphy characters, Darkwood decided upon a different approach to translate the symbols. A Chinese staffed company serviced the laundry for St Thomas' hospital, where she studied and worked. We found a young girl who had a good grasp of Chinese and English, who happily agreed to assist us. We took her to one side.
The girl was shy, her eyes evasive, with lots of bowing in apparent apology for talking to Miss Darkwood, when it was my mistress who had approached her.
"I would be grateful if you could tell me what these symbols mean? I believe they are in your language."
As soon as the girl's eyes settled upon the paper they widened and averted to the floor.
She shook her head, suddenly with no language at all.
"What is it? Why won't you tell me what it says? Why won't you speak?"
The girl paled and glanced from place to place—to the other Chinese staff who worked in the loading bay.
"Don't ask. Please, don't ask."
She was trembling.
"You're scared."
The girl nodded, turned heel and ran back to her duties. The look earned us hard stares from several of the older Chinese men and women.
I looked to Darkwood. "Should we be frightened?"
Darkwood didn't answer. She stared darkly at the symbols; now an omen of danger.

None of the other Chinese workers would talk to us. Darkwood did not get to escape hours hunched over thick books.
Convinced fire would beset another part of the city, she asked me if I would patrol the East End at night in the hope of witnessing what people claimed to be a dragon. I agreed enthusiastically, for the London streets themselves held little fear for me, and my regular duties to the Darkwood house were assigned to Sally the housemaid, taken up by Mrs Grosse, or relieved by Darkwood herself.
I patrolled the East End from sunset to sunrise and slept through the morning in my cot in the room beside the kitchen (or as much as I could with Mrs Grosse clattering about the kitchen in sulky protest at her extra work). For three nights, the only experience I had was a curious fever I contracted on my first night. I found the symptoms disquieting—sweats, clouded thoughts, disorientation in places I knew well, the occasional lack of coordination for simple movements, and a stimulation of my imagination regarding the motives of those I came across and to explain what I heard and saw on the night-time streets. I was not usually so unsettled by night-time streets.
Yet there was an accompanying dampening of my concern at these symptoms and a strangely comforting euphoria. Although Darkwood troubled herself over my illness, wondering if there was some new epidemic waiting to emerge in the city, I insisted I felt well after each sleep and desired to continue my vigil. People had perished in these fires, and I wanted to play any part I could to save others from a similar fate.
The nights were quiet, with only drunken men who staggered home from spending their pay from a day's work, bawdy women who sauntered to work to earn a night's wage, and street denizens and dogs and cats scavenging to survive. Fortunately for all but the cats and dogs, Jackson the coster trawled the night, surrounded by the invitation of bitter and sweet aromas with the promise of his affordable and flavoursome coffee and buns. I frequented him every night.
The hump-backed coster stood in a long coat, his scarf wrapped tight against his neck. The quiet, stoic Jackson nodded his head at being asked whether he had been to all the fire sites. He had seen the brown coats there, too, though he shook his head at knowing who they were and what they were there for. He nodded to confirm his belief in the dragon, and that he had, in fact, seen it several times. How frustrating that a confirmed witness was a man who couldn't talk!
He didn't seem a man of wild fancy. Could a dragon be real?

When I awoke on the third day, Miss Darkwood met with me before I could leave for my watching.
"Look what arrived today at the hospital."
Words were new to me, and the typed sheet with cursive in between was too much for me to interpret.
"It's a receipt from the laundry firm which services the hospital. It was directed to the ward I manage. This envelope was with it."
It was addressed to Darkwood. "Is that normal?"
"No, it shouldn't come to me. And there was this."
Darkwood opened the envelope and produced a slip of paper.
Six words written in capitals. No challenge for my reading skills.
"BEWARE THE WRATH OF THE DRAGON."

Two nights after Darkwood's caution, I strolled down a Limehouse street at the pitch of night in my feverish woolly cocoon of contentment, my belly full on coffee and buns, when low in the black sky a sudden and unexpected light came. 
A ball of fire ignited.
It hung, suspended in place, as a new astronomical feature of the heavens; a midnight sun. It grew in size and changed its shape. This fiery shape was no celestial body. It stretched horizontally into an oval of fire, and flames flared out from the extremes of the ellipse. The phenomenon was no star blossom. It was a flaming object that grew in definition as it approached at speed from the river toward my very position.
The fire travelled the line of the street. It burned so brightly it forced the gas lamps to give up their shadows to the walls and ground. The orange light churned in the air and splashed across the slates of the roofs and the dark cobbles and charcoal slabs of the street. It winked within the diamond and square panes of the windows, and left a richer darkness that shifted in its wake. A scattering of sparks fell, dancing upon the ground like gold coins cast down in candlelight.
The great fiery shape grew in clarity.
The two lines that formed the shape's extremities were not straight, but stretched forward and broke back at angles to become great sweeping curved sheets of flame—wings. The fiery ball between a body, and my eyes focussed upon its heart and found a burning brow with two red furious flares that glared back at me. The beast's great stretched maw roared with the fury of a well-stoked engine, burning white-hot at its interior. 
To stare within was a glimpse into hell itself.
There was a dragon in London!
Miss Darkwood was wrong—dragons did exist!
The hiss of water thrown on a hot plate reached me and startled me into the realisation that through being directly in its path I was in grave danger, yet I could only stand dumbstruck before the dragon.
A gob of flame flew from the dragon's maw and raced ahead of the creature.
The dart of flame, with a tail of fizzing golden sparks, arced through the air.
It smashed through a window. Moments later, the room behind erupted in flame. What glass remained blew out into the street below. It all transpired in a second with a great whiz-crack-whoosh!
At the previous sites of fire, there had been a trail of destruction leading to the main disaster site.
I understood why.
Another crackle whipped the air. One, two, three, four blasts of flame shot forth from the creature, flying out before it in so many directions I could not hope to trace all their journeys.
One fireball struck the wall at fourth-floor level in a blaze of sparks and scattering of flame. Another struck a roof, and shards of tile rained with a clatter to the cobbles as smoky shrapnel. A third punched through a bay window at third-floor level, the room behind lit up in an orange glow as the flames took root within.
It was difficult to follow more, as I found I was craning around at the street over my shoulder as I fled the great flaming dragon.
My feet pounded at the pavement to keep ahead of the thing's fiery breath. The sigh of flames in descent, the tinkle of broken glass, the skitter of dislodged tiles, the cries of terror, the woof of fire rearing up filled my ears. It all painted a mental picture of the maelstrom of chaos behind me I dare not stop to observe for fear of becoming engulfed by fire myself.
I had to avoid the dragon's breath.
I pitched left and right.
I did my best to be a difficult target.
Ahead of me, my shadow thickened into a black giant that recoiled from the fire and pressed itself upon the cobbles of the street and the bricks of a workhouse ahead. I closed upon the head of the street where it became a T-junction.
I only needed to turn left or right to escape the thing's path of flight.
The creature's firelight shifted. The dragon was descending!
The workhouse stood as the largest building in the area.
Large buildings had been the target of each previous attack.
This had to be the dragon's target. The occupants needed to leave.
I had to warn them.
My heart pounded in my chest, my breaths threaded the air, my legs kicked out, my feet stamped down, my fists boxed. With my eyes fixed upon the workhouse and the crossing, I ran with all I had.
The workhouse stood proud from its surrounding streets—just as the dragon's previous targets had.
The firelight lit faces in the dirty windows of the building.
Pale, turned soft orange by the sunset glare of the beast. 
The workhouse occupants. 
The destitute and dispossessed. 
Soon, to my horror, to be the damned.
I waved my arms in warning.
I cried for them to get back from the windows.
I made it to the junction. The workhouse doors were open. I could charge in. Shout my warning. Save them. Perhaps save myself too.
My shadow shrank beneath me.
Heat prickled at my neck.
Bright yellow tinged my vision.
And the burning dragon closed upon us with its fire.





Part Two: Hunting Dragons

The workhouse bucked. The solid straight lines of bricks bowed with the sudden force of pressure from within. The air about me danced with orange sparks and tongues of yellow flame. A searing heat slammed against me. My feet left the floor swept up into the air upon a hot wave. My limbs wheeled and failed to grasp or purchase anything within a churning orange and yellow swirl of burning nothingness.
Weightless seconds of accepting oblivion.
Peace.
Hardness slammed against my back and whacked at the back of my skull. I fell hard and could only lie where I was with the life knocked from me. The air shifted about me, all aglow, a dry heat scalded my skin and baked me within my clothes, my eyelids heavy as I blinked this hellish vista in and out of oblivion until I awoke to gloom.
"Hobbs?"
The voice of Darkwood.
The ground had become soft. The sky of smoke, flame, and spark had been replaced with smooth white plaster. The scorched bare brick walls had given way to dark blue floral papered walls scattered with framed prints. I took in the familiar space of the family guest bedroom at the Darkwood home in Clapham.
I had survived.
Yet the thought of survival brought pale faces licked with orange flame to my mind.
I launched upright. Pain in my head and back seized me. The world swayed before my eyes.
"The workhouse!"
Darkwood's hands pressed against my shoulders. I felt so ill from my sudden rise I did not resist being guided back to rest. When I had settled, Darkwood held my gaze in her dark eyes and shook her head gravely.
I looked away. I blinked at a stinging heat in my eyes. "None of them?"
Darkwood turned my face back to her and ignored my loss of composure to mop my brow with a cold compress.
It was like cold cotton sheets on a hot day. I closed my eyes and let her tend to me. My skin still held the heat from the fire.
"The staff who watched over the institution escaped thanks to your warning."
It was little consolation to me. The victims of the workhouse had become victims of the dragon.
I rolled away from Darkwood, even though the movement awakened me to a fresh set of aches. I didn't want her to see my tears. I heard her drop the compress back in the bowl of water on the cabinet at the side of the bed. Her chair creaked. She gave me my moment to grieve.
"I am told you tried to warn them."
I nodded against the pillow.
"Was it indeed as some witnesses have already attested?"
I lifted my face from the press of the pillow. My tears forgotten. My stomach sank. I felt as though sprawled on thin ice.
I had seen it with my own eyes.
"It was a dragon."

Darkwood had assessed that aside from some scratches, grazes and a high degree of bruising, I had suffered little in the way of physical injury. She had been more concerned by my fever and state of malaise after my experiences and had instructed me to rest. I was more concerned my clothes had been scorched beyond saving and I had been stripped and redressed in a nightgown by Professor Darkwood—I hoped Miss Darkwood had not been present.
Comfort did not come easy in that bedroom, as I only ever felt at ease within the family parts of the house when serving the Darkwoods. It was not my room, I had no place there. I was certain that would have been Professor Darkwood and Mrs Darkwood's opinion on the situation. They had likely said as much to Miss Darkwood.
Darkwood told me she intended to return to the scene of the crime at first light, and Mrs Darkwood would continue to tend to me that morning.
I was adamant I would not be a burden to Mrs Darkwood.
I did not want her judgement of me either.
I insisted on not being left behind. I reasoned Mrs Darkwood could mother me while Miss Darkwood, the physician in training, could treat me—so I should be with her. 
Darkwood recognised my play to her character with a wry smile and reluctantly agreed. Thankfully, Professor Darkwood added that fresh air could be the restorative I needed.
So, I went from sick bed to fresh clothes and carrying Miss Darkwood's carpet bag for her, and a hansom ride back to the East End.
I strode beside my mistress across the cobbles as we weaved in and out of the crowd, drawn more warily than us, toward the swirls of black smoke that tumbled across the street's end.
The streets of Limehouse, intimately familiar to me from my childhood, seemed unreal and altered in the cool, weak light of the dawning day. From the memories of flame and smoke, which must have only been four or five hours old, I expected the streets to be devastated from the spread of the fire. I didn't trust the reality of the towering rows of yellow bricked warehouses, factories and workshops—that they might be ghosts of a street swept away by fire.
My senses behaved curiously that morning with sights more demanding, scents more intrusive, and sounds louder and more forceful. I found myself distracted, startled and oppressed by the world that pushed itself upon me in every manner, yet it was a feeling I had experienced on the nights of vigil before the fire and I wondered whether my fever had returned.
"I'm hungry," I complained, giving thought to the voice in my head, something I had found myself doing more than I should on the journey upon anything which caught my fancy or interest. I was mistrusting the discretion of my thoughts and suspected this as being another symptom of illness.
"You are always hungry, Hobbs."
"Having the world blow up about you does that to you, I s'pose."
"Yes, quite," she spared me a glance of concern, which fluttered upon me without rest like the flit of a butterfly. She pursed her lips in thought. "You have been through an ordeal. Are you well enough to be here, Master Hobbs? While I have known your stomach to grumble, you do not tend to complain, nor comment so frequently upon your observations and thoughts."
"Sorry, Miss. My mouth doesn't seem my own today, and I know you've already provided for me. Maybe I'll look out for the muffin man." The muffin man and his wares were the singular draw on my thoughts and appetite, and had been as soon as I knew us to be returning to the East End.
"I will buy you as many muffins as my guilt for sending you into that inferno will cover." Her hand visited my shoulder briefly in what could have been a touch of closeness just as much as it was a way of keeping hold of me in the increasing crowd we pressed through.
"No guilt, Miss. You know what I do is my choice. You can buy me a muffin and a coffee all the same though."
"That's my Hobbs, I believe you will be restored to me soon enough. After muffins and coffee, of course."
We emerged through the bottleneck of people who decided not to go any closer to the workhouse turned charnel house. Those pale faces came to me again; intrusive and haunting. Thick smoke rose before the fire brigade. Occasionally the wild curtain of churning black became buffeted by the wind and revealed empty spaces where the upper quarters of the building had been only hours before. The workhouse had collapsed under the heat of the fire the dragon had breathed.
We entered the crowd of people with few qualms at being an audience to tragedy.
"What if the dragon comes back? All these people."
Darkwood said nothing.
"You don't believe me, do you? I saw it before I knocked my head, Miss."
"I know you did, I don't doubt you saw some fiery doom, Master Hobbs, I just struggle to accept a dragon. Where could it live? Where would it have come from? Why have we not seen one before? And a dragon? A real dragon?"
"Perhaps this dragon came into our world from another, or they could be dragon ghosts. If that's the case, how would we know that any fire in the city hasn't been because of dragon breath?"
"Quite!" Darkwood shook her head. "I should have your imagination or at least be more open to what you can imagine for me, considering our experiences. Perhaps I don't want there to be dragons. How would we fight something so big?"
"Water? Bring it down for a plunge in the Thames!"
"Element against element, yes. But bring it down, how though? A suspect a dragon to be a tad more than my Colt could manage. At least it would be big enough for you to shoot at it and chance a hit, Master Hobbs."
She referred to my persistent poor aim in her attempts to teach me to use her revolver. "Oh, pick on me when I'm ill, Miss, why don't you?"
Darkwood laughed lightly, but the humour dissolved quickly as her eyes scanned the crowd.
"The brown coats we saw before are here."
I questioned this until my wits caught up with hers and spotted several men in neat, clean brown clothes spread out as solitary figures among those who stood and gawped at the fire fighters dousing the last of the flames. Once again the attention of the brown coats was on the crowd and not the scene of devastation. 
It was intriguing, but the thrill I experienced was in response to seeing the muffin man's coster cart.
"Here." Darkwood passed coins to me. "I see where your eyes are fixed. Have these changed into coffee and muffins for your enjoyment, but take a circuitous route back to me—glean what you can from our brown coats. Take as much time as their interest to you requires."
I nodded and ducked and bobbed through the crowd until I had secured my place at the costermonger's stall with its metal cylinders of coffee and shelves of sticky buns beneath its awning roof. Jackson, the tall humpbacked man with his long, lined face, and bushy mutton chop sideburns, stood stoic as before, his jacket collar turned up around his neck and face. He levelled his eyes at me from within the shadow of his cap's peak.
There wasn't a flicker of recognition in his face.
And that was despite my frequenting his stall in my nights on the street watching for dragons.
In that time, I had become used to his face being devoid of any emotion, and the ragman Darkwood and I had met at the last scene of disaster had told us Jackson was mute, so I didn't expect a great 'Hello'. However, despite his limitations around speech I had talked at him and he had punctuated conversation nods and shakes of his head, and with grunts ranged in tone and pitch, which had been contribution enough for him to get by.
I expected at least a nod or recognition.
I was a stranger to him and his service perfunctory.
I conceded that because of the popularity of his wares; I was perhaps one face in a crowd of hundreds—possibly a thousand or two—he served in his seemingly continual day and night trading. Just when he slept and rested, I could not fathom. Yet I supposed the same could be said for many a street vendor who would walk around the city for thirty or forty miles a day selling their wares.
With food in my hand, which my belly craved, I cared little more, even though Darkwood had trained me enough to note the unusual. Since I had spotted the cart I had yearned for its wares. I wasn't just hungry and thirsty, I was only hungry and thirsty for his refreshments.
It was most peculiar.
I devoured the lot before I had moved away and took advantage of the second round of refreshments Darkwood's money afforded me, which was unlike me as I respected Darkwood's money whenever entrusted with it, and endeavoured to take only the least amount of any funds offered my way. Miss Darkwood paid me already to be her servant-companion—and more than a servant might expect. With this second coffee and bun, I took my time and drifted through the crowd from one brown coat to the next, loitered when I heard a snatch of conversation or when their attention seemed caught on others, and I returned to Darkwood with the bun and coffee eaten.
"What did they say?"
"The fair-haired one, the one without a bowler hat or moustache, joined up with another brown coat and he spoke of someone called Tom. He said, 'I don't want to, but we will have to tell Tom we've been all over this place and haven't found his sign. This fire might not be his work after all.'"
"Interesting. So they think the fires are the cause of a person."
"The dragon could be male."
Darkwood grimaced and looked away as if from something distasteful—still uncomfortable with the notion of a dragon.
"You don't think Tom is or Detective Inspector Tom Duggan, do you?" I asked.
"The thought crossed my mind, but I still don't recognise any of these as local constabulary."
"I wonder who they are."
"I can't be sure. They are soldiers though, and on duty."
"How do you know that?"
"Some kind of uniformity can be expected amongst people on the street, but I find it telling they all sport the same well-worn boots, and their jackets, coats and trousers seem cut from the same cloth. Besides, despite the fact these brown men wear their attire to the scenes of disaster, all their clothes are clean: which suggests they are worn infrequently or are regularly laundered and maintained as a uniform might be in service. Their jackets all sport a bulge at their left breast, which suggests a concealed firearm. Yet a weighty object such as a revolver would drag at their clothes, and for this not to be the case they would all have to have similar concealed holsters—or their clothes tailored to support a weapon and compensate for the weight. Judging from the way their jackets hang close to their body on the right side, the hem could be sewn with lead weights or they have ammunition in their pockets on that side to counterbalance it. All of them have moustaches but for the fair-haired man, and while facial hair is popular, it is practically regulatory within the British Army. The fair-haired man looks young and distinguished—likely an officer from the upper classes." 
I observed one after another of the brown coats and the observations she had made became more interesting. "The army is on the streets in disguise?"
"Not only do they all dress similarly, but they all arrived together."
I had learnt this source of deduction from Darkwood before and I looked to their boots to find their condition matched ours whilst the rest of the crowd had footwear dirtied by the streets. "They all arrived together in carriages."
"Which suggests they were drawn to our fire here."
"Your fire?" A gruff voice interrupted. Before we could turn about, the surly voice growled at us. "Don't move, don't even turn around, I have a gun levelled at both of you, now walk forward."
"What's it to be, sir? 'Don't move' or 'walk forward'?" Darkwood retorted.
I dared a look out from the corner of my eye. A large dark shape lurked directly behind us. One of the brown coats. And a big man, much bigger than our Inspector Duggan, and he had been a boxer. This man clearly juggled Indian clubs for hours on end.
"I said walk forward."
Darkwood held her ground, and I remained at her side.
"Yes, but can you clarify: is that our forward or your forward, as in fairness you haven't allowed us to see which way you are facing?"
"You tryin' to wind me up?"
"I was intending charm and bravado, but as one is failing you and the other failing me, we will comply. I presume you would like us to approach the fair-haired man who is the youngest of you all, and the only one of your party to not sport a moustache or bowler hat."
There was a momentary hesitation before he confirmed our direction as Darkwood had predicted, and the three of us pushed ahead toward the man who looked to be in his mid to late twenties. His attention fixed only upon my mistress. A flicker between hungry intrigue and amused uncertainty played briefly in and around his cool blue eyes until he realised one of his own men escorted her to him. He blinked away whatever ideas he had about why my mistress had been approaching him so directly and his face hardened.
"What's this, Blake?" the man asked of the mountain behind us.
"This one here claimed this was their fire."
"Oh? Really? Your fire, is it?"
Whatever softness the man might have offered Darkwood's independent approach of him was replaced with a sharpness of appraisal and something akin to anger and malice.
The man snatched at Darkwood's hat and tugged it.
Darkwood yelped as the hat came free, trailing securing pins and hair behind it.
A heat rushed up within me, and I instinctively kicked the man hard in the shin.
My action caught him off guard and he yelped as Darkwood had and hopped from the offended leg.
Three revolver barrels thrust into my face and a chorus of clicks told me they had levelled several more weapons primed and upon me.
I froze. My hand at rest inside my jacket upon my concealed cosh—which I had been ready to brandish at the man who had assaulted my mistress.
While I had been fixed in place, the sudden assault and threat from these men had sent Darkwood into an abrupt change of stance. In cat-like recoil, ready to pounce, she stood with six inches of her steel blade bared from her sword's concealment within her umbrella and her eyes surveyed the men about us.
"If a single fire is shot at my companion, you will have to shoot me also, and as many of you as I can strike before then will leave with lifelong scars from my blade! And all of you will leave with the blood of innocents in your conscience. We are not responsible for this fire."
The man fixed her in an equally hard gaze. 
Again, I could think only of cats—the intense stares they exchanged in challenge of boundaries as Darkwood and this man's will stood against one another.
All the while, five or six revolvers remained aimed at my person—and with my hand clammy and hot upon my cosh I wondered if this was how our adventures would end.
The man contemplated the situation, his jaw set. "Stand down." He said it as though he had found his own response a curiosity.
The guns were away as soon as the order registered. Darkwood inched her sword back into its sheath. I did not take my hand from my cosh.
The fair-haired man coloured as red as the blood that could have spilt in that moment and cast his eyes to the cobbles. "I apologise, madam." He remembered her hat and presented it back to her.
Darkwood tidied her hair as best she could and took the hat with its three stuffed hummingbirds, and began to re-affix it to her head with trembling fingers. "I found the hat elicited thought of a similar action within myself when I first saw it in the mirror, but it was a gift from someone I love, so I endure it."
"It's a beautiful hat," the man offered, his face still burning.
Darkwood observed his embarrassment and discomfort keenly and relished it. "Not only do you have questionable behaviours, you also have questionable taste."
"Did I hurt you?"
"A little."
The man's lips pursed. He gave a brief bow. "I can not apologise enough. I thought…"
"Yes?"
The man found his resolve and stiffened. "I'm not at liberty to divulge what I thought." He said in a clipped voice.
"You thought I was someone I was not, that is clear enough."
The man looked about him, at the smoking ruins, his men spread out among the crowd again, all the surrounding faces—a crowd that might conceal the culprit. "It's the fires. I confess they have unnerved me." 
"You search for an arsonist?"
This earned a measuring glance from the man. "However much I regret this incident, I'm afraid I need to be satisfied as to why you and your companion have been at the scene of these fires."
"And I ask the same of you, although I'm sure you are not at liberty to say."
"What's your name?"
"You can't expect a lady to introduce herself to a man she is not acquainted with. That is not seemly at all."
I recognised her playful act.
"Carstairs, James Carstairs."
"Darkwood, Emily Darkwood."
"Do you have anyone who can vouch for you?"
Darkwood briefly turned her mouth down at its corners and shook her head as though her answer would be modest and trivial. "Only Scotland Yard."

Darkwood explained to Captain Carstairs that she was known to Detective Inspector Tom Duggan of Scotland Yard, who would vouch for her character. No doubt she hoped this would help ingratiate her to this Carstairs. Duggan was sent for while we were escorted to a coach with a bare functional interior. They stationed a brown coat at both doors to prevent any plans of escape.
Left there for some time, Darkwood produced a dog-eared yellowback from her carpet bag and continued her read to me of 'Uncle Tom's Cabin'. An hour later, one of the brown coats stood aside and a stocky man with a round head stuffed into a weather-worn bowler hat clambered into the carriage.
"Inspector Duggan!" Darkwood announced with cheer, snapping the book closed and dropping it into her bag. "We must stop meeting like this."
"I keep telling you that, but you don't seem to listen to me."
The inspector swiped his hand down his brutally angled nose as though he could physically press down his frustration. His forefinger and thumb smoothed out his thick moustache, divided by the familiar scar of his cracked top lip. "So, when I tell you to stop interfering, you just do as you please?"
Darkwood ignored him. She didn't wait to hear if his arrival meant release but assumed as much and raised herself from the bench and headed to the door which Duggan opened for her.
"Oh, come now, I was pleased to see you, I thought you might feel a little of the same."
Duggan merely grumbled something miserably under his breath.
She hesitated in the door. "I take it we are free?" 
"I vouched for you."
Darkwood grinned with the confidence of someone who might own the street and stepped down from the carriage with the support of Duggan's offered hand. "Thank you, Inspector."
Duggan smirked. "Interesting hat."
Darkwood threw a hand in the air. "Ah, Detective Duggan, finally someone whose perception isn't clouded by fashion or thoughtfulness and speaks at the same time as he thinks."
The inspector's heavy brows knitted together. "I'm not sure if that's a compliment or not…"
Darkwood patted his shoulder. "Don't trouble yourself, detective. I am saying you are a man of honesty who will speak his own mind. A trait I appreciate when I am under a hat such as this. So I ask you pointedly—do you like the hat?"
He studied it and his mouth turned down. "No. I am afraid not."
Darkwood seemed pleased by this, and it caused me to wish I had thought ill of it myself and shared such with her.
Duggan shrugged off the confusion engendered by her pleasure at his disagreement with her hat. "It is a work of skill, though. Just how you have trained those birds to stay so still quite confounds me." The inspector nudged me and gave me a smirk at his own pleasure with him himself, and I couldn't help grin myself despite my protectiveness of my mistress.
Darkwood eyed us both with disapproval before a delicate smile settled upon her. "I'm afraid I am in an emotional quandary, Inspector; I am uncertain whether I should laugh politely under the assumption your comment was an attempt at humour, or whether you share the renowned intellectual level of your uniformed colleagues. Either way, I shall sympathetically cover any potential embarrassment you might endure regarding your lack in the former and your demonstration of the latter by asking—how do you train that great caterpillar to stay so still upon your lip? I only ask as it seems to be clutching at some food as a meal for later."
Duggan brushed at his moustache in haste. "Sorry, you disturbed my breakfast."
"What have you learnt?"
"They call themselves the Home Guard or G-Men as in Government-Men. A unit of men hand-picked from the military and the police forces to serve the government. It seems they are tasked to protect England from threats, domestic and foreign. That Captain James Carstairs produced credentials: a document with the home secretary's signature on it. I have asked my superiors about it. Apparently, they are informed when the G-Men are operating in a station's patch, but that doesn't mean those of us working on the streets get to hear of it."
"Interesting. Anything more?"
Duggan scowled. "Unsurprisingly, being a secret arm of the government, they didn't tell me much more." A familiar look of pained disapproval set in upon his face. "And even if they had, Miss Darkwood, I'm not sure I would pass it on to you."
Duggan announced he had to return to his duties, but before he did so he took Miss Darkwood to one side. "I have a gift for you."
"A gift? For me?" Darkwood looked touched. "Is it a new hat?"
He produced a silver tube from one of the deep pockets of his shapeless grey overcoat. "A police whistle." He wagged it at her nose like a critical finger. "It's clear you are intent on your dangerous investigations, and this will ensure a quicker response in a time of desperate need than a postal message, a telegram, or the lungs of Master Hobbs here." 
She took the gift and examined it as though it were a precious object. "It's quite beautiful."
"And practical, Miss." I said, knowing my mistress' liking for practicality—and that Duggan would take the comment as a slur against his gift. I often resented Duggan joining us and the regard he had from Darkwood. Her side was my side, and I wanted him to know it.
Darkwood found a game to be played, as a pastime of hers was to confound the inspector. Duggan's favoured expression was 'confound me' and Darkwood took this as an invitation whenever she had the opportunity. "It's not flowers though, Master Hobbs."
Duggan released a heavy sigh. "You are quite the conundrum; you want to be treated as being on equal footing as a man but expect the foibles of womanliness to be indulged."
"I realise this might be confusing for you, but one does not have to exclude the other. Besides, I don't wish to be seen as equal to man, especially when man is a stock of such diverse quality. I simply seek my abilities and contributions to be recognised and considered as equally as they would if I were a man." 
He shook his head, confused by her, and shrugged. "Well, as much of a nuisance as you can be, you've proven yourself enough to me, Miss."
She tossed the whistle in the air, caught it and dropped it into her carpet bag. "I will see to adding it to my chatelaine," she said and thanked him again as she strode onwards.
Duggan pulled me back to him. "All joking aside, you should be doing more to keep her out of trouble; to look after her, for the sake of your own skin if not hers."
I roughly shrugged his hand off me, and growled back, "She might do as she likes, but servin' or brawlin' I'll be at Miss Darkwood's side to hell and back, make no mistake."
He studied me; a fourteen-year-old boy loaded with resentment and conviction, and shook his head.
"Somewhere, someone is doing something they shouldn't," he called out to my mistress. "So I better be off, Miss Darkwood."
The inspector departed as Captain Carstairs arrived with the company of two browncoats and a slight, gaunt, almond-faced China man with a thin moustache grown long enough to hang at the corners of his mouth to below his jawline. Dressed in a smart frock coat trimmed in the same black glossy beaver skin as his top hat, he stood taller than me but shorter than the others.
Carstairs gave Darkwood a curt bow. "It would seem you are quite a woman of interest, Miss Darkwood."
"Are you describing a prominent trait I possess or declaring a keen attention toward me?"
His demeanour softened. "Both, it would seem. I am so very sorry for my treatment of you earlier."
"And I'm so very close to forgiving you."
Carstairs' lips pursed. "You are free to go, but I suggest you avoid any further interest you have in these fires."
"Madam, I hear you have been applying your own investigations to these fires." The Chinese man addressed Miss Darkwood with an accent of English wrestled free of his Chinese tongue. "And you deduced the military secreted in your midst. I wonder if we can learn anything from any other suspicions you might have?"
"All right, Peng, we move as secretly as we can," Carstairs said, defensive of any criticism.
"Might I suggest you would have appeared a little more discreet if you hadn't turned your civilian clothing into a uniform, and when investigating you directed your attentions at the spectacle with the crowd in sight and not just upon the crowd as though you were a defensive line?"
Carstairs bristled, but spoke civilly. "Thank you, Miss Darkwood, I will take that under advisement."
"My pleasure. Now, Mr Peng, is it?"
"Peng Choo Lou, Miss Darkwood." Peng bowed respectfully. "From the Chinese Legation."
Darkwood bobbed her head in return. "I believe we were just discussing the sharing of information."
"We are not at liberty to share information," Carstairs objected.
"Then I suggest you stop giving it to me at once."
Carstairs' face creased up. If he had been Duggan, he would have issued something like "Confound me, I don't know what you are talking about."
Darkwood recognised the look. "You have already revealed to my associate, Inspector Duggan, that you are a captain within a covert military unit."
Carstairs flushed with embarrassment again. "I told the inspector that information was between us."
"He is a straight-forward man; if your instructions were anything like that of your man who told me to stay still and then move, Duggan may not have been able to keep up. Anyway, as I was saying before you needlessly interrupted; secret military units don't investigate arson. That is more the purview of Scotland Yard, so the stakes must be especially high, which explains the stress or pressure you must be under to find the culprit for you to pull my hat off as though it were a disguise…"
"You pulled this lady's hat off!" Peng growled incredulously, riled to Darkwood's defence.
"Don't worry, Mr Peng, I threatened him with violence and he gave it back to me quite quickly."
Carstairs looked ready to explode. Then something changed within him—he laughed and shook his head to himself.
Pleased the man had a sense of humour, Darkwood continued. "As I was saying—deductions are to be made: it would seem the suspect evades capture through disguise; it's a man because we eavesdropped as much from Captain Carstairs earlier; there is an international involvement with Mr Peng present; and as Carstairs screwed up a piece of paper with a Chinese symbol on it and threw it away quite angrily at the last scene of arson, the culprit is Chinese. My attempt at finding out what the symbol meant caused me to receive the threat 'Beware the Wrath of the Dragon', this leads me to suspect that unless I was lucky enough to ask for the meaning of the symbol from the one Chinese woman who knew the arsonist directly, the China man you are after has supporters within the Chinese community here. Chinese attacks on British soil pose a threat to British and Chinese relationships, which explains the tension between yourselves. This also leads me to think the symbol is the Chinese character for 'Dragon'. Oh, and the head of this secret unit is 'Tom'; we overheard that too, although that seems a little informal, so that's probably a code name or acronym. Although, I'm sure you are not at liberty to tell me, Captain. I better go now, for if I spend any longer around you, Captain Carstairs, you might give that away, too."
"Yes, don't let me keep you," Carstairs responded enthusiastically. "It has been the highlight of my day though, I assure you." he added with false compliment. 
"You are wrong, Miss Darkwood," Mr Peng declared, with amusement at her torture of the military man etched upon his tight-skinned countenance.
"Really?"
"Only about one thing. The symbol does not mean 'Dragon'. It is Chinese calligraphy for 'Mandarin'."
"So, the arsonist you are after calls himself 'Mandarin'."
"'The Mandarin', actually."
"Mr Peng!" Carstairs chastised.
Peng held his black-gloved hands up in surrender. "Captain, she has pieced everything else together. Yes, Miss Darkwood; the Mandarin is a rebel from my homeland opposed to the British occupation of China. He is intent on forcing the British government to secede."
Carstairs sighed as he joined in with the explanation. "Mr Peng has been leading the pursuit of the Mandarin for his government, which led him here last month. He is liaising with us and assisting us as we are convinced these fires are the work of the Mandarin. We have found his mark at six sites now."
"Yes, he delivers his message after the fire has been extinguished."
"He's playing with us. Although we haven't found his mark here. This is a dead-end."
"Is there anything you can offer us in return, Miss Darkwood?"
"Oh, yes, two things." She beamed and held up two fingers. "First, what is the time, Captain?"
Carstairs frowned, hesitated, then gave in to provide her answer and motioned to produce his pocket watch, but was halted by a small yellow slip of paper only an inch square pinned to the cuff of his jacket. He plucked it and studied it. "Why, it's the mark of the Mandarin!"
Darkwood beamed. "That's the first thing."
All of us except her looked about us for who could have pinned it there, but no culprit seemed obvious.
Mr Peng, impressed, raised an eyebrow at Miss Darkwood. "And the second thing you can share with us?"
"The Mandarin is not only striking back at us, he is working to drive a wedge between the Chinese minority and the English majority in this city to bring more people to his cause."
"We know that, Miss Darkwood," Peng countered.
"Yes, but whilst in the crowd I have heard snatches of conversation such as 'the dragon did this', 'this is the work of the yellow devils!', 'The Chinese did this!', 'We should show them'—and such murmurings have been increasing." Miss Darkwood clarified her second piece of intelligence. "We are all in danger."
Peng looked about him cautiously, and Carstairs and I did the same. The mood of the crowd had changed, becoming infused with fresh newcomers, men and women of a rough persuasion from the most deprived areas of the city. The London mob had mobilised with a hunger for blood and vengeance. Each face, whether pale, ruddy, or jaundiced, shared similar dead-stare eyes and a clammy sheen, as though suffering the same apparent feverish sickness. I had little time to consider whether I had contracted whatever afflicted them whilst walking their streets, as shouts and cries erupted and the crowd broke upon the browncoats and pressed toward us.
I hissed involuntarily at a flare of pain in my shoulder. I thought I had been punched until I heard the hard crack of a stone strike the cobbles. Darkwood yelped. I protectively pressed myself to her, intending to shield her as I knew she had similarly been hit. Peng's top hat hit the ground, dented, a quarter of brick lodged within its body. Ribbons of crowd laced through our widespread party until we could no longer see Carstairs or his men. I clutched at Darkwood, and she clutched at Peng. And then we were running.
We ran blindly.
We threw ourselves forward to distance ourselves from the hateful mob that no doubt wanted to inflict London justice upon the foreigner in their midst with a beating followed by ligature and rope. Peng adopted purpose in his direction through Limehouse. He broke into an intersecting, narrower street. Darkwood and I staggered with the change of direction, but pitched ourselves after him.
The drum of feet still at our heels.
Peng took us left into another street, then right, then left, and with each turn the feet behind us scuffled and slowed and lessened. The repeated change of direction had thrown the mob, and they had likely become wary of where they were being led.
This could still leave the most determined and confidently brutal brawlers at our backs.
We entered a dirty lane barely wide enough for the three of us to run alongside one another due to the narrowness of the street and the stalls of wares that jutted out from shallow shop fronts.
Peng continued to run with a confidence of direction—admirable, considering he had only been within our city for a month.
"Here!" he called out to us from the door to a shop with a shuttered double-front. He rapped fervently at the battered but solid double-door.
Darkwood and I arrived at his side as one door opened onto a dark void and a pale moon-faced Chinese woman in her later years answered us. Seeing Peng, she bowed away respectfully and the three of us slipped into the shadows of the premises. The heavy door closed behind us just as the footfalls of the mob crowded in upon us.
"That door won't hold them!" I said.
Peng breathed heavily from the exertion, although for a man who seemed to be in his fifties he was remarkably fit. He smoothed out his trailing moustache that had been cast about his face in our escape. "We should be safe here."
I looked about us. Oil lamps and candles dotted about the room casting yellow pools of light upon walls papered with faded patterns of flowers dotted with exotic birds of elaborate plumage. Smoke wreathed the room like languorous ghosts. The gloom and decoration did nothing to disguise the uneven plaster beneath the paper. The layers of threadbare and stained rugs did as little in hiding the ramshackle floorboards that creaked beneath us.
Men and a few women lay sprawled upon low beds. Some of the furniture was crudely made from pallets, while other items comprised salvaged chaises from more respectable origins, all arranged star-like with their heads meeting at the centre. Each lounger smoked their own pipe held over an oil lamp in their midst. Their faces expressionless, except when the muscles of their faces worked to draw in more vapours from the opium. They lay limp within their haze of drug-induced sloth; sweat glistened frost-like upon their skin in the lamplight, and their eyes without focus looked like glass baubles.
"Safe?" I challenged. "This lot might want to protect their opium, but I doubt they'll put up much of a fight for us—or at all. I think the mob outnumber us even with this lot." I eyed the single door beyond the smokers, which I hoped would lead to a continuation of our escape.
Looking no worse for our flight and plight, Darkwood seemed to share my insecurities but held her ground. "Mr Peng means the mob won't attack us in here. Such establishments are mainly frequented by the locals."
I looked about. The few Chinese and other foreign races present were relegated to lounge on the inferior bunks that stepped up and lined the room's walls, but the rest were mostly faces like my own. I remained doubtful that this preserved us.
We were going nowhere, and we were under siege.
Someone tried the door and pounded upon it.
My heart joined the beat.
The old woman who allowed us entry did not look concerned. She called out in the tangled knots of her own language and two men dressed in black pyjamas like her, but without the frayed and faded embroidery adornments, emerged from the door I had thought we should use. Under her instruction, they each drew revolvers from their belts.
Something within me recoiled, and I took a tight grip of my hidden cosh.
I had a sudden dread these men were allied with this 'Mandarin'.
Thankfully, the men hastened to stand guard at the door.
If someone forced entry, there would be a further deterrent—or a further and most effective defence. 
The woman bowed again to Peng; I presumed in respect of his position within the Chinese Legation that represented their government and ruling court abroad. She led us through the door at the back into rooms laid out similarly to the one we left. The pungent spice of opium hung thick in the air. The keeper of the house unleashed a torrent of unintelligible sounds Peng translated the explanation of there being a rear entrance and a balcony on the third floor that bridged an escape to a neighbouring property should the mob breach the opium den and not be turned away by the revolvers. However, there was no guarantee we weren't surrounded. I realised we were going to have to wait for the mob's passions to dissipate.
Darkwood took up Peng's offer of a chair he relieved a patron of and she spoke softly to our saviour, oblivious to—or doing her best to ignore—the squalor and addicts about us.
"This place is more than an opium house. It is a restaurant, and a boarding house above. Not all houses and services welcome our kind or serve foods of our home country. This place is sanctuary in many ways."
While the place was rundown it did at least look clean. All the cots had fresh linen, the tables and services were clear and clean, and the corners of the rooms free of dust and cobwebs.
"My nerves would benefit from a cup of tea about now."
"Tea? Escape may be beyond us, but tea?" Peng grinned, and he shouted again for the woman who came and then left after an order in their own tongue. She bowed to us upon both journeys.
A man dragged a table to us and before long there was a spread of small bowls on it.
"Trouble and terror, but tea first and foremost; how civilised!" Darkwood enthused.
Peng set about preparing tea in a manner that suggested a respect for ritual—far beyond the intricacies I had observed of the afternoon teas of English society.
"What do you know about the Mandarin?" Darkwood asked.
Peng presented a small bowl­ without handle or saucer to my mistress. He bowed as he passed it to her. He smoothed his short macassar glossed hair against his head from where the exertions of our escape had disordered it, composing his appearance and his thoughts. "We know little, not even if it is one man or many, just he is a master of disguise, stealth, influence—and explosives. A faceless and deadly threat. He is opposed to the European cancer within our country."
Explosives. Perhaps my dragon had not been a creature at all.
Darkwood looked from Peng to the bowl she cradled. "When I hear what my government does in the name of its interests, I feel ashamed of it being my government."
I knew nothing of the history between our lands at that age, but Darkwood explained to me afterwards that China had once had strict policies for trade with other countries, and any request for trade had to be made to the royal court with tribute for the Emperor. Trade was still limited to only a handful of ports. Payment could only be made in silver, with opium regarded as illegal because of the increasing addiction amongst the populace. The vassal relationship disagreed with British pride and sensibilities. Britain wanted trade to be easier, with access to more ports, and as we traded solely in gold, the purchase of silver cut into potential profits—and we had opium supplies cultivated in our Indian territories that needed consumers, with our eye on Chinese tea in return.
Britain circumvented Chinese authorities through smuggling and bribery, and when the Chinese tightened their laws, we responded with force—gunboats in their ports bombarding their towns and cities, sinking their trade ships, and pitting our troops with superior arms against theirs. After two wars, we claimed Chinese territories as our own, forced treaties biased to Europe upon the government and their court, and delivered shipment after shipment of opium to the people, creating addiction in the populace.
Peng's face tightened further around a pained smile. "When I hear individual objections like that, it gives me hope for the future."
"As you say, individual thoughts. I don't know how many think as I do."
"It only takes one voice to start a revolution, Miss Darkwood."
This piqued Darkwood's thoughtfulness. "So is the Mandarin a criminal or a revolutionary?"
"That is not a question of distinction I thought to hear on these shores. The Mandarin's motivations are as unknown as his identity. It is thought his family made fireworks and were killed in the British bombardment of Canton. Or he was actually a mandarin avenging his guilt at being corrupt and playing his part in the abuse of the homeland. Or an opium trader enraged by his loss of profit with the free trade of the drug. Or a member of the royal court who fought alongside the people to defend Peking, and when unsuccessful he witnessed the looting and the burning of the Old Summer Palace by the British Army he swore his revenge upon for the subjugation of his people, and the Chinese government for yielding."
Darkwood sipped her tea. "The taking of tea is quite a unifying ritual, is it not? I already feel we have a greater understanding of one another."
"The tradition of sharing tea is often seen as such for my people."
"Milk?" Darkwood asked, hope in her voice.
Peng shook his head. "Not as customary for us."
"Ah," Darkwood exclaimed. "Perhaps not as unifying as I had suggested." She replaced her bowl on the table and apologised that it was not to her taste. "You must have a difficult position—being the man tasked with capturing a revolutionary trying to free your own people."
Peng nodded gravely and drained the last of his bowl. The erect man slouched under a sudden burden upon his stature. "My home was a land long weakened by overpopulation. Famine ruled. Trade needed to be relaxed, but the trade agreements enforced upon us have kept us weakened. To know that and hunt a man or men determined to change this is difficult, yes; yet I see it as my way of keeping the peace. Unrest invites further oppression. China rests upon a knife edge. It requires balance or its wounds will deepen."
"I understand."
"I don't," I said, still within that disturbing immediacy between thought and voice. "I would've thought you'd be rooting for this Mandarin to help your own people?"
"Hobbs!"
Peng held a placating hand up to my mistress and explained himself to me with no offence in his manner. "And invite repercussions from the British? I want for my country to be respected as an equal partner, but a fire needs the right materials to burn, Master Hobbs. Revolutions need the right time and circumstances to take a lasting hold. That time is not now."
The tinkle of a bell drew my attention to the corner of the room laid out as an opulent bed of rich silken fabrics and pillows occupied by a litter of six dwarf Chinese men who all shared an opium pipe. One man sounded a hand bell. In response, a server who tood guard for us dashed from the door with repeated bows of subservience, and scurried away under an order.
"Big draw for a bunch of small-arses," I thought aloud and earned another embarrassed rebuke from Darkwood.
"I'm afraid to say I am as surprised as Master Hobbs. If less colourfully exclaimed. I have rarely seen a dwarf outside of begging or a circus or freak show—I suppose that sadly that's the only work seen to be fit for their kind. I've never seen them treated with such respect and reverence. It is refreshing."
The man who called to the miniature men returned with two companions, all three held trays laden with bowls of steaming rice and fragrant meat, and bottles, which reeked of strong alcohol. The little men proceeded to greedily sup their drinks from short glasses and pluck at the bowls with paired sticks—a practice I had not seen before and find a peculiar way to approach eating such small morsels.
"It is not typical of my culture. In China, those who can't labour would be viewed as a drain on precious resources, but for the people who have left China and find themselves aliens in foreign lands, community is important. Differences are tolerated. Those disabled in their country might be re-abled here, where they can find a purpose they may not have had in China."
"Do women get such respect also?"
Peng glanced at his feet and stroked at his moustache. "Now it is my turn to be ashamed. No. It is an imperfect world."
"Perhaps there will be greater understanding and respect between all," Darkwood appeased.
Peng nodded and made his own conciliation, "Until then, we each have our own revolutions to fight."

After an hour, we dared to look out from our opium house and found the street clear of ruffians. I ventured out and cautiously checked the narrow lanes in case our pursuers were lying in wait, and I found the path back to Carstairs to be clear. He and his men provided us with an entourage back to the scene of the fire where the spectators crowded and Jackson stood with his coster stall.
"I have got it!" Darkwood exclaimed. "Opium!"
"I wouldn't bandy possession of that around here," Carstairs cautioned stiffly.
"Not upon my person—as an influence upon these events. I recognised it in that opium den; the delirium, the feverish symptoms, the malaise, the suggestible state. I have seen it in the faces of the mob—and in you, Hobbs."
"I don't chase the dragon!" I objected fiercely.
"No. But you will chase a coffee and a bun!"
I frowned and cast my attention to Jackson's coster cart. "There's opium in his buns and coffee?"
"If I'm right—that street-seller is the Mandarin!"
We eyed each other and Jackson around Darkwood's suggestion in wordless questioning of whether Darkwood's flash of deduction could be founded.
"Why, though?" Carstairs asked with a shrug.
"To induce a suggestible state among the populace. To disguise the cause of these fires. To create panic and hysteria and fear. Chaos that will further aid the Mandarin's plans."
"And when it is discovered, it will fuel anti-Chinese sentiment and further the Mandarin's cause!" Peng growled.
Darkwood reached into her carpet bag and drew out her revolver.
"Good Lord!" Carstairs looked stunned and panicked by her sudden drawing of the weapon. He pressed himself close to her and wrapped his hands around hers to conceal the revolver. "Let's not be rash. You can't just shoot a costermonger!"
"I would not shoot him, I was just going to show him I am prepared to defend myself while you pull off his hat, or whatever you might do."
"We only have your intuition at this time. Put your weapon away," Carstairs insisted. 
"Only if you get yours out, Captain, and arrest that coster!"
Darkwood's conviction inspired Carstairs' trust in her intelligence, for he stood tall, parted from her and discreetly drew his revolver from the hidden holster Darkwood had intuited was there in the browncoats' jackets. He gave his men a nod to advance. They all acted similarly with their own weapons, and the browncoats, Peng, and Darkwood and I pushed our way through the crowd.
Jackson didn't react at our descent upon him until Carstairs and two of his men forced their way into the cloth enclosure around his cart and dragged him out.
Jackson disintegrated in the struggle: his bushy side-burns came away, his cap fell off and his short shaggy hair went with it; and his scarf unravelled to show a smooth neck distinct from the lined pale face—which fell away as a mask.
"It's a disguise!" one of the browncoats said.
Darkwood eyed the pale, bristle-faced youth within Jackson's long coat. "Is this the Mandarin?"
"I ain't no fruit!" the restrained imposter objected. "I'm Bobby Harris. Some yellow fella offered me a guinea to dress up like this and to man this stall and keep all the earnings I made while I was at it."
Darkwood ducked down beneath the exposed rear of the coster cart.
"Look here!"
Darkwood crouched beside a panel she revealed to be a secret compartment. Within were clothes of pedestrians, the uniforms of a police officer and a member of the fire brigade, and a frilly frock, with a variety of shoes built up outside and inside so different pairs would give the wearer alternative heights to choose from, along with wigs and faces to hide the Mandarin's identity.
I recognised the wild hair and grizzly beard of the rag man we had spoken to at the last scene of arson.
"—— 'ell!"
"Hobbs!" Darkwood chastised.
"Sorry, Miss. I wonder who he hasn't been. That better be you under that frock, Miss."
"Hobbs!" Darkwood halted her admonishment—probably in consideration of my opium-influenced condition. She shook her head. "Never mind."
Sharp cracks boxed my ears.
Each abrupt blast of sound forced a blink from me and jolted me in place.
Gunshot after gunshot rang out.
We were under fire from a range of shooters.
Cries and screams forked the air. The crowd shredded around us and dashed through us, scattering us. People ducked and cowered for cover; men and women of the street and browncoats alike.
Carstairs bellowed orders over the continual shots, "Keep hold of the prisoner. Everyone to the carriages, and make for the rendezvous!"
A plan for evacuation was in place.
I watched helplessly as the prisoner and Darkwood were swept one way toward carriages, and our browncoat protectors roughly handled Peng and me toward other conveyances in the opposite direction.
I fell into the cab with Peng on top of me, and neither we nor our escort closed our doors or got to seats before our carriage took off, with steeds startled by the fierce storm of shots. We approached one of the lead carriages Darkwood and Carstairs had been deposited in.
A great sound—a sensory force—shook me and our conveyance.
The carriage we passed tore open under an outrush of bright yellow flame, its roof carried up into the air on a column of super-heated force, and I did not see it come down. The carriage sides burst apart and lay splayed from the burning heart of the destroyed carriage. Human shapes, who had thought to escape being shot, sat lined up on the benches inside, reduced to black wicks at the heart of the fire.
All tension left my body and had I not already been sprawled upon the floor of my carriage, I would have folded to the ground.
Thoughts of Darkwood overwhelmed me with a sense of hopelessness and loss.





Part Three: The Mandarin

In our horses' crazed haste, our carriage left the fiery scene behind. Streets rushed past in a blur. Despite our speed, I was prepared to leap from the hurtling vehicle to be at my burning mistress' side.
Peng and one of the browncoats forcibly restrained me. I cried hysterically for our carriage to stop, even though I knew anyone who'd escaped that carriage would not live long through their burns. I sat in the doorway, clutching the frame, my legs dangled in the cool stream of air that flowed about the coach—and I sobbed to myself. The wrangler did not gain control of the horses before half-a-dozen streets later.
I remember the hope that seemed so vain, and I can feel it like a thorn in my heart as I write this even now, over thirty-years on.
When the driver eventually wrestled the horses into a sporadic halt and canter, I couldn't wait for him to negotiate a return to our stricken party. I jumped down and raced through the roads, guided by the smoke that unfurled into the sky. I turned the corner into the street where the coach exploded. I had recovered quicker than those who had been nearest the blast. Men and women, reeling from the shock of the events, picked clumsy steps through the carriage, which lay all about them as blackened and smoking detritus.
The gunmen. My heart stilled. We could still be in a shooting gallery.
I glanced about from windows to rooftops and stalked the scene from places of cover.
The sharp retorts that sent us fleeing had ceased. 
The only noises were the dreadful screams and agonised whinnies of a horse that had survived the blast. I use the word 'survived' in the loosest and most liberal terms. The poor creature, still harnessed to its rig and its dead companion, stood on its forelegs, while its hide and rear legs rested on the ground with flesh tattered and smoking from where the creature had been blasted to the bone.
The carriage itself smouldered with short tongues of flame playing across the frame of the floor, still supported by its four wheels, while the cab had been utterly blown apart to reveal the charred shapes I only knew to be people because they were seated on the benches.
It was then I recognised Carstairs, and beside him, Darkwood.
Not in the carriage, but standing as one of the crowd drawn from hiding to survey the extent of the damage and the horror.
Heat rose within me and I suddenly had too much breath and a grin I could not tame.
The same thankfulness was in Darkwood's face when she saw I had not been in the carriage. Both still stunned we said nothing to the other as we stepped through the remains to be at each other's side.
The horse reared in another buck against its agony and thrashed its head from side to side, the eyes behind the blinkers swollen white orbs. Its front legs pedalled in place, its hooves struck the pavement, but the beast could not outrun its dire circumstances. Carstairs turned to Darkwood, the nearest to him, his face pale, his eyes empty of any readable thought or emotion, his military character stripped away by the event. He drew his service-revolver and held it out to his side, and without taking his eyes from Darkwood's, pulled the trigger. Darkwood leapt at the gunshot. The crowd gasped and the sound of the shot ricocheted from the buildings and echoed back and forth. The horse dropped to the ground, its burning pain mercifully extinguished.
The sudden sound and abrupt violence had been another shock upon the event, soon followed by a further layer of distress—a cry from the carriage.
Nothing more than a dog's whimper, a pained exhalation, yet it demanded attention as though a scream at the height a voice could reach.
Someone was still alive within the carriage.
It called for an unpleasant level of scrutiny of the smoking, charred forms seated within the remains of the coach to identify who had survived. Flesh, blackened and split to its red interior by the intense heat, glistened and oozed with the fats cooked from the meat. The cremated clothes crumbled in the breeze like the flakiest pastry and dissipated into the air as ash.
The cry came again, from the figure in the corner—a whisper, "Cap'n…"
It was one of Carstairs' men. His heavy coat reduced through the heat, the brim of his bowler hat burnt away, leaving him with a smooth smoking skullcap. The flesh of the face taut, not just with heat but muscles tensed against the agony the man must have felt through whatever sense he had left. 
"Cap'n… you there?"
The man had been blinded.
Carstairs' voice broke away from him like a ship that had slipped its moorings. "I'm here… I'm here…" Carstairs had no way of knowing in that moment which of the men who served under him was seeking comfort.
"Emily… I mean, Miss Darkwood… Can you…" Carstairs stopped short of asking what she could do for his man, as though he knew it to be too late.
Darkwood stepped forward. She halted and wrinkled her nose in instant reaction within a yard of the carriage as she hit the stench of cooked flesh. It only required a glance at the man's legs, wasted to branch widths, to realise he was charcoal from the waist down. His lower arms were in a similar state of destruction. With eyes glassy, brimmed with tears, she snatched at the air in shredded breaths, swallowed the emotion that swelled within her, and shook her head. She and Castairs remained in place, their gazes locked and some wordless communication travelled between them. Darkwood answered Carstairs with a curt nod.
A second gunshot rang out.
Carstairs span on his heels and took hold of Darkwood, and she took hold of him. They embraced each other's pain at the decision made together over another man's life.
Moments later, Carstairs pulled himself away from Darkwood, sniffed and inhaled his emotion back down inside himself, before barking orders for the men who had survived to secure the street and not allow anyone but the injured to leave.
Peng and the two browncoats who had dragged me into our carriage jogged down the road to us.
"We heard gunshots. Have you killed the Mandarin?"
I answered Peng's hopeful question out of earshot of Carstairs. I'm not ashamed to say the emotion of the situation caught up with me, but Peng and the browncoats let me be a child in that moment and have my tears to myself. Peng returned with a length of rope with scorched and puckered pouches at irregular intervals on its length.
"Firecrackers. We weren't under attack at all. The Mandarin pulled a similar diversion when we closed in on him in Guangzhou." Peng threw the rope to the ground and cursed. "I should have known—he must have had accomplices in the crowd."
"And these accomplices blew up the carriage?" I suggested.
"In the diversion, explosives are placed beneath the carriage with a fuse device rigged to the axel and when the carriage moves off the fuse is struck alight," Peng explained.
"Peng told us about it, so we have been careful to check our coaches before we travel in them." Carstairs returned to being a captain again. "He put us under pressure to escape specifically so we wouldn't have time to check."
I spotted something within the carriage. One of the three bodies was shackled with hand irons. I pointed to the charred remains, "He killed his scapegoat so he couldn't give us any information."
"More by chance than design, I expect," Darkwood answered. "He couldn't have known who would be in what carriage."
"I usually ride in that first carriage," Carstairs said.
"As do I," Peng added.
"Then the Mandarin targeted you both. He fears you. He wants to kill the two men tasked with ending his reign of terror—which could mean you are close to him." I could tell by the fire in Darkwood's dark eyes she was not salvaging some platitude of consolation from their ordeal; she was reasoning toward another avenue of investigation. "The Mandarin is using opium to create addicts in London, as the British government has fed addiction in China. Opium is your key, gentlemen. Press the opium dealers."
"You are right, Miss Darkwood," Carstairs stated, with none of the hesitation he might have exhibited earlier. Darkwood had proven herself to be more than a mere woman to him, he was treating her as an equal contributor toward their planning.
"Mr Peng, the opium house we sheltered in—is it the only one near here?"
"Yes. One of many."
"Miss Darkwood, I have the British government behind me," Carstairs declared with pride. "I can have all the opium dens across London closed down before nightfall."
"And alienate my people and give your London mob reason to believe all Chinese are complicit in these attacks," Peng snapped.
Darkwood gave the two men a moment for their heads to cool and the tension to disperse. "Might I suggest a compromise, Captain, Mr Peng? That you deliver that British justice to the one opium house nearest here. It's not much gratitude for our saviours, but it would be the most likely place for the Mandarin's agents who made this attack upon us to be operating from and a logical move for your investigation. And it would serve you well to be seen to question all those who knew the accomplice, Bobby Harris. Whether the opium den was involved, or Harris had been an innocent dupe or not, your investigations will be seen to be pursuing British and Chinese involvement and could temper the London mob and the Chinese minority."
"Bravo, Miss Darkwood, I would make you a sergeant now if I could."
"Only a sergeant?" Darkwood recovered some of her charm and wit from our ordeal, and touched her hand upon the brim of her hat. The three stuffed hummingbirds mounted on it undermined her swagger. Her smile faded to a thin line. "Anything for a better hat, I suppose."

Within an hour, the ranks of the browncoats swelled with fresh faces and a cordon of men manned the streets and alleys around the opium house while others descended upon it. The browncoats roughly emptied the den upon the streets and held the dwellers there, cuffed and at gunpoint until they could be processed and questioned. It was likely most of them would be released as innocent boarders, but they would be held until any criminal backgrounds could be explored.
Darkwood and I, left out of events by that point, watched from over the shoulder of one of the browncoat barricades. Carstairs exited the den and addressed one of his subordinates, Darkwood called out to him. His pleasure at seeing her shone from the grin he had difficulty masking as he came over to us.
"Tell me, Captain—did you find any dwarfs?"
"Dwarfs?" His fair, delicate brow furrowed for a moment before mirth turned the corners of his mouth upwards. "Good Lord, no. Why?"
Darkwood explained the six small men we had seen being accorded special treatment. "It was curious. I can understand them being treated equally, but not that they should be so revered."
Carstairs agreed it peculiar, and invited us beyond the browncoat guards into the thick of the questioning. He relayed Darkwood's query to Peng, who translated it to the Chinese madam who had harboured us from the mob a short while earlier. 
My cheeks burned at the arms of our one-time ally pinned behind her by irons.
Peng listened to the short answer the woman gave in their tongue. He shouted back at her and received an even shorter reply. I could not understand the words, though her delivery gave away a spiteful defiance.
"She denies there being little men here. She is blatantly lying, which means they are of importance and somehow connected to the Mandarin's scheme."
"There could be a hidden entrance," Darkwood mused. "They had a large platform dressed as a reclining area or bed."
Carstairs shook his head. "Platform, yes. But no bed. The platform was secure. No sign of a hatch or anything."
Darkwood requested permission to enter the den, which Carstairs granted, and he, Peng, Darkwood and I entered the shadowy building. The bed was indeed missing. Only the wooden platform of its base remained.
"The upholstery and linen!" Darkwood announced. "A boarding house such as this would use a laundry."
Peng had the opium den's mistress jostled to our side and after a heated exchange, he confirmed it did.
Darkwood nodded. "The unusual, such as these dwarfs, especially there being six of them, would draw attention if they were to travel the streets openly. They could have used laundry carts to smuggle the dwarfs out."
"Peng, ask her where the laundry would be taken."
Peng addressed the woman. "Back hall."
Carstairs dashed to the doorway which led to it. "Blast it! Nothing."
Boots pounded at the floorboards as one of the larger browncoats marched into the building in breathless haste. "Captain Carstairs, Tom is here. He wants your report, sir."
Carstairs nodded tersely and excused himself.
"Captain, who is this 'Tom'?" 
Carstairs stiffly ignored Darkwood.
She gave me the nod. and I slipped away from her side to the door of the den and spied upon Carstairs as he hurried down the street. I heard Miss Darkwood ask Peng if he or the browncoats had a map. Peng answered that he carried one marked with all Chinese businesses and social haunts in case his hastily learned geography failed him, and he offered it to Darkwood.
I watched Carstairs as he came to a halt before a smart, gloss black hansom carriage with a great black steed permitted past the browncoat perimeter. The driver and the passenger were browncoats. The other man, a tall slender gentleman in a black frock coat, descended, setting his top hat on his head of grey hair. The old man hesitated on the last step, considering where to stand upon the street, not wishing to mark his shoes. His grey face creased with a grimace when he found there were no cobbles or flagstones clear of filth. He thrust the point of his cane into the cobbles to support his descent as he gave in to standing on the street before Carstairs. I couldn't hear the exchange so I returned to Darkwood who was deep in study of Peng's map and reported what I had seen.
"Carstairs' superior, I presume?" Darkwood aired, but Peng didn't answer. "What did he look like?"
"Tall, old, well-dressed. Proper privileged type. One that knows it too. Didn't want to set foot on a street of common London, that's for sure. Reminds me of the Hellfire Club types, but I didn't see an amber ring, not that they all display their membership. It didn't look like he was staying. Probably didn't want to get his hands dirty in the thick of it."
"Or sully his reputation," Darkwood sneered cynically. Her mood suddenly brightened and her eyes sparkled over the map. "Just as I suspected."
"What is?" Peng asked, his interest piqued.
"These fires, they have been practices."
"Practices?" Carstairs asked, now returned to us having reported to his superior.
Darkwood greeted him with a wry smile. "Yes. I realise 'you are not at liberty to say' but I reason the fires have not been caused by dragons but by rockets fired from a rooftop."
"Rockets?" Peng challenged. "We have had no reports of rockets."
Carstairs came to Darkwood's defence. "We have had plenty of reports of dragons thanks to our opium drugged Londoners. A cover for these attacks. We have found no remains of any rockets but the fires have been so intense it could have destroyed them."
I must admit a tinge of disappointment that the magnificent, if terrifying, beasts did not exist, although the size and power of these monstrous missiles was both awe-inspiring and terrifying.
"If we work under the assumption the rockets travel similar ranges, with a modicum of variation in distance from these being tests, then we could…"
Carstairs took Peng's map from Darkwood, spread it out on a table before them, and built upon her reasoning. "Then it only takes a few explorations of directions to have an approximation of the trajectory that any missiles would have travelled. This is more like the fighting I am used to!" He and Darkwood exchanged enthused grins.
"You call these attacks tests though, Miss Darkwood?" Carstairs reflected.
"Captain, you are involved in these investigations because the government suspects a strike against it?" Darkwood said. "I take it from your dyspeptic expression, I am correct. I doubt the Mandarin would find warehouses, tenements, and workhouses satisfying targets. He could conduct such attacks in his homeland and have much more effect upon the British minority operating the trade. If you plot the lines of all the attacks to this Chinese controlled laundry in Rotherhithe…" Her slender finger marked the named area of the city, a peninsular created by the snaking Thames. "Rockets could be launched from this area across the water to the targets in Millwall, Limehouse, Shadwell and Wapping. Then conduct similar estimations from this Laundry in Lambeth…"
"Parliament," Carstairs concluded darkly. It did not seem to be a surprise, merely a confirmation of what he suspected, and justification for Home Guard involvement.
"These haven't been attacks at all, but proving runs for some giant missile. What could be more appropriate a revenge and symbolic an attack on Britain, than creating an opium addiction amongst its most vulnerable people and destroying the heart of government?" Darkwood concluded.
"Then we should raid that second laundry," Peng instructed Carstairs.
"Yes," Darkwood agreed. "And quick. No doubt the Mandarin's agents will have informed of your move against him here. The Mandarin will know he could be exposed through his opium connections. He might suspect you are closing in upon him."
Carstairs nodded. "He could make his move soon. I will get my men onto it." He thanked Darkwood absently and turned, ready to quit the den with Peng and his entourage of browncoats.
Darkwood called after him. "You said you could mobilise a force by nightfall, so dusk it is, I presume?"
Carstairs halted his departure with uncertainty written upon his face, as though he was unsure of whether the floor would support him. "Miss Darkwood…" He paused, then returned to her. "Emily…"
Darkwood sighed, the enthusiasm and energy gone from her. She spoke sombrely, "Don't use my first name if you are going to tell me I can't support you."
"Miss Darkwood, of course you can't support us. I can't take a woman into battle!" Carstairs blustered incredulously.
Her disappointment gave way to ire and objection that raised her eyes in a glare. "That's quite ridiculous. My revolver is not a costume accessory, I can assure you!"
"Your involvement has been most welcome. My man in the ports, my man on the street, my man in the bordello—none of my agents have progressed this investigation as far as you, or with as much courage or spirit."
"Yes, well, I'm sure your 'man in the bordello' had his attention otherwise engaged," 
"But whoever has placed you at risk in the past can have that on their conscience. I will not have it on mine. I have already lost four men and a potentially innocent civilian, in the Mandarin's dupe Harris. I will not lose you, too."
Carstairs' sincere concern for her doused her fury and curbed her argument. His objection wasn't solely out of principle. He cared what happened to her, and she could not argue with this. She could not deny her spirit though, "One word: Boadicea."
"As I recall, despite her valiant efforts, her noble and defiant life did not end well."
It was one of the rare occasions when I witnessed Darkwood foiled. She was used to her opponents in the establishment being stalled or cut down by her intellect. But she recovered quickly and smiled mischievously. "The man who checked your progress a moment ago? He was your overall superior, wasn't he?"
"I'm not at liberty to say."
"Well, that means 'yes'. So that is the gentleman you refer to as Tom. Do you know his name?"
"No…"
"Thought not. Security, I suppose? Tom. The Old Man; T-O-M. TOM. I told you if I spent any longer in your company you would give that away, too. Thank you for your assistance in getting to the bottom of this little mystery. I wish you well in your endeavours in tying up the loose ends." Darkwood strode past him, noble and defiant.
"Miss Darkwood," Carstairs called after her. "I am grateful for your involvement. This has been a miserable assignment made worse by what we have been through today, but your presence has been an unexpected pleasure that has supported my investigation, and me through this bleak day—a fortune and comfort preserved through knowing you are safe and out of danger."
Darkwood could not meet his eyes, her lips twitched around a return that would not come to her. Carstairs had undermined her will by reaching out to her, not to her mind but her heart. Unable to respond, she nodded, turned and left.

Darkwood may have been dissuaded from further insisting she take part in the raid on the laundry by Carstairs' charm, but it did not stop her from deciding her own course of action that would intercede with that of the browncoats.
Darkwood stole us away for rest and refreshment in a more respectable area of the city and to wait for the sun to sink toward the horizon. She had a telegram sent to her aunt and uncle telling them she had plans for dinner and would be home later that evening. They had no address to field a return objection. Darkwood had us mount a hansom bound for the other side of the river.
We arrived in Rotherhithe as the shadows crept up from the canyon-like streets created by the formidable reach of dark brick dockyard walls and warehouses which met the descending night.
The carriage trundled back to civilisation without the driver airing a care for what this resident of society might want in a district of the common dock and factory worker. Gaslights were few and set apart, and when their light wore thin against the pressing dark, we both resorted to our miniature bullseye lamps to navigate the final distance to the laundry and Darkwood's plan on foot.
"Miss Darkwood! You are incorrigible!" came a familiar voice.
Darkwood blossomed. "Come, come, Captain." Her plan of walking around in the dark until the lurking browncoats spotted her had worked within minutes of our arrival. "Surely Inspector Duggan must have warned you of my defiant independence?"
Carstairs stepped from the black oblivion into the gloom of our light. I could hear others, unseen, shuffling in the cover of night.
"Meddlesome, I believe he called it." Carstairs beckoned over his shoulder and two brown coats, whose bodies filled out their clothes, sprung out of the night to his side. "Have her escorted back to her home."
"Only two men?" Darkwood responded. "They surely aren't going to shoot me, so what consequence do I have to fear by my freeing myself of their unwanted care?"
"Prison," Carstairs answered bluntly.
"Come now, Captain, we both know that isn't going to happen. It makes no sense; you aren't going to do what you can to protect me, then have me slung into Newgate when I protest."
Peng's voice came from the dark before he could be seen. "She is a physician and surgeon in training. She would be invaluable if we encounter violent resistance."
"Our very own Florence Nightingale," Carstairs grumbled. 
"She has been an aid, Captain," Peng insisted.
"That is undeniable," Carstairs agreed reluctantly.
"Just like my charm?"
"Indeed." Carstairs bared the briefest of smiles before his face became set. "I suppose I don't have to ask if you are armed?"
Darkwood held up her umbrella. "Always." 
Peng's dark brows came together like a silken ribbon. "With an umbrella?"
"I like to be prepared for inclemency, Mr Peng. Do not fear though, I also have my revolver."
"Will you tolerate holding back at the rear?" Carstairs asked.
"I do like to be in the thick of things," she responded. "That's where the excitement is, but I will compromise to show you I am not wholly unreasonable."
Darkwood thanked Peng for his support.
"We all have our own revolutions to fight, Miss Darkwood," he smiled warmly.
The strike of hooves and the grind of wheels against cobbles came towards us and ushered us hastily into the shadows with our companions. We had joined Carstairs, Peng, and the two browncoats behind a stack of packing crates, all with their revolvers drawn. As my eyes adjusted I spied more browncoats in hiding on the other side of the street. Between us, and further along, gaslight showed the road ended in wooden double gates—the entrance to the laundry and the Mandarin's base.
The coach rumbled out of the dark and passed us. As it neared the laundry, the gates opened to receive it.
A pair of browncoats threw back the dark with lamps as they charged from concealment and levelled their revolvers on the coach driver. An abandoned barrow came to life, pushed by unseen browncoats, to stand between the open laundry gates to stall their closure upon the raid. Great cries of "Halt!", "You are surrounded!", and "Surrender in the name of the Queen!" went up.
Carstairs led the charge of the halted carriage with Peng at his side, while his company of browncoats divided themselves between the gates and the vehicle. I had been so excited and enthralled by the call to action I had nearly joined the charge had it not been for Darkwood's restraining hand upon my shoulder. Darkwood may have been driven in her investigations, but she was rarely reckless and did her best to minimise the risks whenever she could. We were not invulnerable. 
The snap or cracks split their way through the scuffling as great splinters of noise that echoed about us.
The ripples of gunfire chased each other at increasing speed until they built into a veritable storm.
Muzzle flares flashed to reveal gunfighters beyond the gate, within the carriage, and all about us from the warehouses we had mounted our ambush between.
The ambushers had become the ambushed!
Carstairs bellowed, "It's a trap!" 
Peng cried out, felled by a gunshot.
A browncoat staggered off into the dark, clutching his shoulder.
Another soldier spun and dropped to the floor.
The browncoats returned fire, but only enough to effect a retreat into cover.
A figure in black robes—with a black moustache that trailed from his face, a round upturned bowl of a headdress, and a plait of black hair that trailed down his back—dismounted from the coach and took flight, not to the gates, but down an alley that divided the laundry from the surrounding warehouses.
"The Mandarin!" Peng cried out through his pain from the cobbles. 
Hunkered down to avoid the windows and any armed men who might be at them, Carstairs led the browncoats out of the valley ambush with a shout of, "After him!"
Darkwood glanced between the injured Peng left alone in the middle of the street to crawl for cover, and the rush of the browncoats in pursuit of the Mandarin. Her dilemma played across her face. I knew which decision she would feel beholden to take.
Mid-dash for Peng, he stopped and waved her away.
"Go, go! We need all guns on the Mandarin."
"You are injured."
"Yes, not dead. Join the hunt!"
Darkwood beamed and raised her revolver. "With pleasure."
Peng scrambled into cover and only when she was sure he was out of sight did we join in the hunt for the Mandarin in the alley. We didn't chance travelling the street the ambush had taken place on, though I suspected our attackers would have moved on with only us and a wounded Peng as targets, and we took a parallel route that proved to be a shortcut to the chase. We brought up the rear of the browncoats as their boots thundered over the flagstone pathway between the buildings.
The soldiers closed in upon their prey.
The Mandarin broke direction and dashed out of sight into an intersecting alley and away.
By the time we rounded the corner, the Mandarin had gained a lead and had left us as far behind as earlier in the pursuit. The military men were trained for a steady march and paced themselves well on this new stretch while the Mandarin, most likely used to stealth and secrecy, looked as though he was faltering again.
He disappeared left around a corner this time and as we rounded it after him, I uttered a curse when he seemed to have had another burst of energy, spurred on by the attempt to shake us from his tail.
This tiring and sudden energy in the Mandarin took us by surprise on several more occasions, when Darkwood pulled me to a stop.
She let go of her coat and skirts, which she had held up during her run, and took some time to catch her breath.
My lungs burned and my legs felt like rubber; I wouldn't be able to keep up the pursuit for much longer myself.
"This… Mandarin… is some… sprinter… all right…"
"Extraordinary," Darkwood agreed after some breathing. "Such stamina. He must be... close to wearing out... Carstairs and his men..."
"Can't believe he… didn't get shot… down by browncoats…"
Darkwood recovered abruptly and studied the surrounding dark, as though riding a mustering of wits.
I knew better than to ask what was wrong as it was clear she had sensed something I hadn't. She walked down the alley and when I motioned a question of whether I should follow, she held a halting hand in the air.
Darkwood spoke aloud to the dark, "We know you are here. Step out of the shadows. One of us has a gun."
The Mandarin stepped between Darkwood and me, his wild narrow eyes upon me.
My mistress' voice came from over his shoulder, accompanied by the click of her revolver being cocked. "And it isn't he who has the gun. That will teach you to underestimate a woman."
The man spun, and I hit him over the head with my cosh, Bruiser. He fell face forward.
"Master Hobbs!"
"It must be the opium made me do it," I lied with a shrug, then slouched. "Sorry, I know you don't like me being violent."
"Yes, that, and I wanted to talk to him."
"Oh."
I nudged him in the side with my foot and rolled him over. Our light revealed his face to be young, smooth and round, and a second face, middle-aged, moustached and creased, stared up from the ground with sightless eyes.
"A mask!" I said. "So is this the Mandarin or a decoy?"
"Another decoy, I expect. One of many paced out on a predetermined route from the laundry. I heard this one breathing from his exertions when we came to rest. These decoys are running from one relay point to another in the shadows, so 'the Mandarin' is always one street ahead of his pursuers to wear our allies out. He is drawing attention away from the laundry. It's an elaborate and somewhat desperate measure. His plan must be close to execution. He's buying time by drawing the Home Guard away." 
"This Mandarin is a slippery devil."
"Quite."
"We should warn the Captain."
"He's probably in Southwark by now. No, it would waste precious time. We need to ensure the Mandarin is stopped before it's too late."
My stomach crawled at the thought of us taking on this villain without the support of the Home Guard.
Darkwood crouched at the man's side. "Help me relieve this thug of his clothes."
After a brief struggle with the unconscious man's dead weight that worked against us, he was in his underclothes and tied up, while I stood in his black robe with his ponytail wig and mandarin cap on my head, and the silk and rubber mask over my face.
"Luckily for us, you share shortness with these Chinese fellows."
"I'm not short, I'm young. And not a child; just not fully grown," I said in defence from an issue with my height, and my desperate want for Darkwood to think of me as a peer.
"You are not a dwarf, Master Hobbs, so don't protest so. Yet you are a little shorter than this decoy."
"Will I pass?"
"In low light perhaps." Darkwood adjusted the mask around the tell-tale shape of my eyes and gave in to a grimace of doubt. "Very low light. Perhaps if we stick to the shadows. If they discover us, I can make a protest of you taking me as your prisoner and the attention will be on me and not you."
"Bring you in as my prisoner?" I repeated balefully.
"How else are we going to get into the laundry and stop the Mandarin?"

We retraced our steps through the alleyways, taking shortcuts, and emerged from the labyrinth at the laundry gates. Although they were still open, the barrow had been pushed aside, and the carriage was gone. I glanced over to the crates where I had last seen the injured Peng.
"Peng has gone?" I whispered.
"Yes, he has."
"They must have taken him prisoner. Just imagine what the Mandarin and his followers will do with him. Devils!"
Spurred on by the danger might Peng be in, and the dire threat to the parliament building, Darkwood strode through the gates with me behind her holding the decoy's blade pointed to her back as she had instructed me to do.
The courtyard was large enough for six carriages—or greater than that, as areas of the courtyard were taken up with collections of the laundry's wicker trunks draped over with tarpaulin. I assessed, as Darkwood undoubtedly had, the trunks would provide excellent cover for our trespass. Unfortunately, in the open as we were, we were greeted by a guard.
The sharp-faced man, dressed in black trousers and tunic with a simple black skull cap, pointed his knife at Darkwood and raced something unintelligible at me in his language. He thrust his blade to a door into the building on my right. Darkwood walked in that direction. I assumed he instructed me to take my prisoner away and lock her up. He remained where he was as an anxious lookout.
Darkwood opened the single door he had directed us to, and we went inside. Thankfully, no one waited for us within.
"Well, I passed," I said.
"Thankfully."
We found ourselves in a shadowy corridor dimly lit with gas lamps spaced economically apart. Darkwood pointed to a flight of stone steps rising away from us. We abandoned our pretence of captor and captive, and took to the stairs side by side. Darkwood had already aired her suspicion that if the Mandarin was close to fulfilling his plans, then his dragon would be on the roof, and that was where we needed to be to stop him.
My heart beat its way to the back of my throat as we approached the first landing.
If we were to encounter the Mandarin's men, it would be at these junctions.
We landed in an empty hallway.
My nerves did not become anymore bold with each subsequent landing, but thankfully we travelled undiscovered.
The flat rooftop stretched away from us and held two other small buildings like the one that housed the staircase we had just used. Cold crisp air dashed against us from the Thames. It was considerably colder than the street, being one of the taller buildings in this district and exposed to the elements. 
I pointed out the rockets, although I need not have done for the wooden platform and frame that held them dominated the rear of the building that overlooked the Thames and moonlight lit up the six great golden dragons sat there. Each easily six yards across.
The dark expanse of the Thames stretched between us and the dragon's target, the throne of the Empire's power. The milk glass of two of the dials of parliament's St Stephen's tower provided a soft illumination before the beasts.
We clung to the shadow of the low wall that bordered the edge of the building and made our way toward the missiles. The rooftop seemed free of the Mandarin's followers. Most likely they patrolled the surrounding streets and the ground floor; although, considering the chase Carstairs was being led upon, the Mandarin may not have had many men left at this location. 
We crept up the wooden steps and onto the platform.
The steps gave a hollow echo despite our care.
Within the cool blue light of the moon the dragons, with their wings fixed outstretched, shone a gleaming dulled gold. Shadows clung within the joins of each raised golden scale, and as we moved about the creatures to inspect them, the faceted surface caught the light at different angles and glittered coldly. The faces were sculpted into fierce scowls around dark eye sockets, and the jowls taut expressions of wrath around gaping maws. Mouths large enough to be crawled into. They were exceptional, like fierce riches. I had seen nothing like them.
"They're beautiful."
"Gold leaf. Reflective to magnify the light of the sparks produced by these small fixed fireworks under some of the scales. Curious, small and fixed as they are, they can't be for any destructive purpose, just spectacle to create a fiery dragon." Darkwood grabbed at a wing and jostled her dragon on its launch ramp with one hand. "Very light construction, considering their size. Most probably a cane frame covered with canvas treated to be inflammable. Hollow. I imagine each set of rockets on the wings have their turn to fire to keep the thing in flight, although it may not require propulsion at all and just be able to glide."
Darkwood walked backwards, past a wooden bathtub filled with water which we didn't understand the purpose of, and followed a length of fabric hose that trailed away from it. "I assume this to be the fuse for the main explosive charge which I assume to be within. It must be lit at the end before launch. It's sheathed to protect it from the trailing flames and sparks you told me about, so the fuse doesn't catch further up its length and blow up mid-flight and short of its intended target. Hence, the tests to get the timing right."
I joined in her deconstruction of the wonder as I studied the dragon beside me. "The body has rockets in tubes all around it. They must be the fireballs it spat when it chased me down the street."
"It didn't chase you, Hobbs; you just saw it flying along and happened to be on its path. It's no more sentient than my hat."
"Looks better," my mind voiced itself through my mouth once again.
Darkwood sighed. "The opium?"
"Maybe."
"You speak the truth, though."
"Why a fuse? Why not let it blow up when it hits parliament?"
"Gunpowder doesn't blow up when dashed against a building. The burning shell breaking up around the gunpowder should be enough to explode its load, but the current of air around it in flight could extinguish the sparks on its body. This Mandarin doesn't like to take chances as we’ve seen with his traps, decoys, and multitudinous disguises, hence six dragons and not just one or two. He knows he has to get this right. He might only get one chance at such a bold attack."
"Why not a carriage of explosives in the street, or some snuck into parliament itself?"
"The government have been warned. The Home Guard are on the hunt. I imagine security will be tight. A carriage would kill those in the street but might only damage the stonework of the exterior. Just cosmetic damage. This Mandarin wants to destroy parliament." Darkwood stood at the point where the six fuses laid together in a coil for ease of simultaneous lighting, and I saw an idea in her grin. "Tour the roof and keep watch, Hobbs."
I did as she asked and left her, and divided my attention between the door onto the roof and the streets below. I spied a trickle of bobbing lights coming up the alleyway. Darkwood joined me, having finished her inspection of the dragons.
"It's the captain and his men running bacl up the road. They must be out of puff," I whispered.
"They have realised the diversion."
"The Mandarin's men have closed the gates to the laundry. They must have seen them coming."
Darkwood smiled and her dark eyes sparkled in the moonlight like jet. "Let's save them a siege and let them in!"

Our descent was as nerve-jangling as our ascent and thankfully as uneventful. We emerged into the courtyard, and with the gate-watcher nowhere to be seen, we took advantage of the corridors of shadow created by the wicker trunks, and crept to the gates. We slid the bolts of the gate free.
I felt a presence at my shoulder. Darwood turned to it quicker than I had.
"Mr Peng!" Darkwood decried in relief.
I rolled my mask up briefly to show him her captor was in fact me.
"I hid in the shadows and tended to my wounded arm. After you had all determined to chase down the Mandarin our attackers dispersed thinking me dead. I walked in through the open gate unopposed. Another coach arrived, and the Mandarin was in it. The first coach must have been carrying a decoy, he did something similar in Nanking. I have been biding my time for an opportunity to get the Mandarin. He went that way," Peng pointed to the shadowy wall of the building ahead, urgency in his tone. "We should go after him now, as we may not have much time," he hushed over his shoulder as he trotted in the direction he had pointed.
Darkwood remained at the gate. "Carstairs and his men are just outside," she whispered. "Safety in numbers."
Peng looked caught, keen to pursue the Mandarin.
Darkwood and I pushed the gates open. We were greeted by seven revolver muzzles.
Carstairs and his remaining browncoats instantly relaxed when they recognised us.
"How the devil…" Carstairs blurted before his mouth set in a firm line. "Never mind."
Carstairs explained he and his men had been ambushed further along and forced to leave his injured behind—half his complement. The tired and red-faced men listened as we told them of our experiences and what we had found on the roof.
"Is that you, Master Hobbs? Not turned traitor on us have you?" Carstairs found the humour to jest at my garb.
"Not likely, Captain. I'm on your side all right."
"Seems I have two new and very persistent recruits in you both."
Peng interjected, and there was a brief exchange of relieved greetings between him and Carstairs. "Now you are here, I can lead you to him."
Peng hurried across the courtyard and we all followed.
"This is very open," I heard Darkwood caution Peng softly, but insistently.
Peng stopped and whirled around. "No, Miss Darkwood, it is as enclosed as any trap—and you are all now caught within it!"
The sensation of plummeting sent nausea through me as everything fell into place.
Black-clad men armed with knives and revolvers spilled out of cover each side of us before Carstairs exclaimed in horror, "Peng! You traitor!"
"You are the Mandarin?" Darkwood asked incredulously, although understanding dawned upon her face. I'm certain she chastised herself for not considering the possibility.
The Mandarin's agents came forward and took the firearms from the browncoats, and Darkwood's carpet bag, which held her pistol. Imagine my surprise when they pushed past me to do this! I was on the periphery, and those who had been behind me must have been convinced by the rear of my attire I was with them. I immediately took advantage of this and as they walked forwards and past me, I crept backwards.
Behind enemy lines and unaccounted for, I stole away into the shadows of a narrow crevice between wicker trunks.
I shrank down, my heart pounding in my chest, certain their error would be realised I would be found in the merest of moments.
"I will see you hang for this, Peng!" I heard Carstairs snarl.
The betrayal must have been the strongest for him, having worked alongside the Mandarin all this time and been sent time after time into dead-ends and danger. Despite being so deceived, it was some credit to Carstairs' capability that he had escaped a trap such as this for as long as he had.
"No, Captain Carstairs, it is you who will feel the bite of rope against your flesh. Tie them up. Have the captain brought to the roof. The interfering woman, too. Let them watch their government fall as I watched Yuan Ming Yuan burn!"

The browncoats were led in the direction I had been instructed to take my mistress as her captor earlier, while the Mandarin led the bound Carstairs and Darkwood to another door at the other side of the laundry. He was accompanied by two of his men armed with revolvers aimed at my friends.
I was alone in the courtyard, and thankful for my insignificance to the Mandarin as he had not noticed my absence. If my companions had seen my escape, they had not drawn attention to it. The weapons of the browncoats had been left in the open on top of a trunk. 
I needed one.
I knew my skill with a revolver to be terrible, but the enemy did not know that, and I was certain if I crept to a few feet from a target I could hit it—despite Darkwood's mockery at my aim.
It was in the open. I would have to leave my hiding place.
I remembered my Chinese face. I was one of the Mandarin's men; I told myself. And in the low light, that was all I would be in getting myself a revolver.
I took a deep breath, got up and walked forward.
I was a Chinese man, I told myself. A henchman of the Mandarin.
If I didn't question it, then why should they?
I was only a Chinese man in very low light.
My palms became sweaty.
I took up two revolvers. 
No on stopped me.
Darkwood rarely let me handle revolvers, so I was always surprised by their considerable weight. 
I was a Chinese man with two revolvers; I said to myself.
Surely this Chinese man with a terrible aim could hit at least one target with two revolvers?
I held the guns close to me and dashed back to cover.
The building wrapped itself around the courtyard, so I took the chance that its design had been symmetrical and there would be a staircase in each block that led to the roof. I had seen another doorway onto the roof, after all. 
I entered the wing Darkwood and Carstairs had been taken to, opposite the one the browncoats prisoners had been led to. The interior was indeed a mirror-image layout of the wing I had been in earlier. I cautiously scaled the apparently empty staircase to the roof and watched from the shadows as Darkwood and Carstairs were lashed to the platform with an enforced view of the dragons pointed at the houses of parliament.
Their captors went inside the building, and seeing my friends left alone, I crept through the shadows, determined to free them and arm them.
Movement to my left startled me.
A man had emerged from the staircase.
I was in plain sight.
I clutched at my mindset of being meant to be there as one of the villains and maintained my approach.
The man who emerged was something from the theatre in grand and elaborate Chinese dress. I assumed from the importance it gave the figure that this was the Mandarin—or rightly; Peng revealed to us as the Mandarin. The trailing moustache was Peng's, yet his face no longer had the wrinkles of that man in his fifties. The figure had changed out of Peng's clothes and in place of a top hat; he wore a high ornate black mandarin hat, trimmed with gold flames that formed the scales of a sculpted gold dragon head, while a red silk tassel threaded with ruby beads trailed from its top behind his head. The frock coat replaced with a black robe of glistening jet-scales with a wide round collar of gold spread across his shoulders. The magnificent collar threaded with colourful embroidery and studded with rubies that glowed in the light of a flaming torch he held aloft. 
"Peng," Carstairs snarled.
"Peng?" The tall man questioned derisively. "There's no Peng here. Peng is dead. He was a nuisance, hunting me down as he had been. He came close, too, I might tell you. Too close. He hunted me in our homeland, so I arranged a false trail to lead him to England. My associates began the work that attracted the concerns of your government. Then, when Peng took a ship to these shores to catch me, I made certain I was on it. I killed Peng, cast his body overboard and took his place. I continued as Peng when I arrived here to ingratiate myself within the trust of my enemies, Chinese and British alike."
The Mandarin as Pend explained how the Mandarin left his mark at the scenes of the fires without being found. The Mandarin would have known every move the Chinese and Home Guard made, as he as Peng would have been involved with their planning. Having a written and spoken language his allies could not readily interpret, he would have been able to make secret communications with accomplices even in the presence of the Home Guard. Which Peng, the Mandarin, had undoubtedly done in our presence already with the madam of the opium house.
"Just who are you?" Darkwood demanded.
"The Mandarin."
"Not that pseudonym."
"Who am I really?" the Mandarin seemed to ponder the question himself. "I have been so many people now, I can claim no name but the Mandarin as my own. Even my true face seems alien to me."
The two accomplices returned to the roof at the head of a troop of six dwarfs dressed in plain white robes. I had been fortunate the Mandarin had not spotted me, and I prayed these newcomers would not see through me.
"What the devil…" Carstairs blurted.
"So the dwarfs will pilot your missiles to their target," Darkwood answered for the Mandarin.
"In my tests I have found the breeze running up your Thames has a tendency to change the trajectory of my dragons. They need to be steered."
Darkwood had been right—the Mandarin did not like to risk failure.
"It's barbaric!" Darkwood exclaimed with contempt.
"It's heroic, Miss Darkwood. Every revolution needs martyrs."
"Can bloodshed only be met with bloodshed?"
"I care not for bloodshed. My wrath is all!" the Mandarin growled bitterly. "I will profit from dealing the British drug here by spreading the hunger for it amongst the British government's own people and I will see the parliament of your people burn!"
We watched the dwarfs take their turn to immerse themselves in the bath of water and emerge, their robes sodden and clinging to their naked bodies beneath. Each one wrung their robes out before they clambered beneath their dragon and then up inside it.
"They will die!"
"They will. And they know it. I have them well-versed in how their sacrifice will serve their people. These half-men will be made whole in their sacrifice and long remembered."
"Disgusting!" Darkwood returned.
The Mandarin laughed in exclamation. "Ha! You are so shocked by the world, Miss Darkwood. You yearn to be treated as though a man, yet you whine like a girl when your eyes are opened to our world. You would be happier in your place, find a good man, like this Captain Carstairs here, be content as a bauble when in public, and when at home tend to your duties and bear his children."
The Mandarin issued some order in his native language and an accomplice ran from each end of the platform to the middle, and lit hidden fuses on the bodies of the beasts. With a great hiss, each dragon flared into frightening life as bright yellow sparkling creatures of element that stung our eyes with their glare.
The Mandarin gleefully surveyed his manned dragons, then approached the cluster of fabric sheathed fuses, trailed along the floor and applied his torch to them. Six flares ignited under their heat, making their slow advance up the fuse cord inside the hoses toward the explosives within their respective dragon.
"Now Captain Carstairs, Miss Darkwood. Watch the heart of the Empire burn!"
The first set of each of the dragons' rockets fired. The dragons rocked in their cradles and for a moment, although I had seen one in the air, flight for these immense creations seemed impossible. The hiss in the air reached a higher pitch. Orange sparks exploded from the wings of each dragon, scattering about us in a wild firestorm, as each one took off under the release of fire.
I took advantage of the spectacle.
I rushed for the gantry, set my revolvers down, and used the knife adopted with my disguise to carve through Darkwood's bonds.
Carstairs gave me a fierce look—wanting to be first to be cut free. 
Darkwood took to freedom without even a thought to rub her wrists in relief. She tipped her ridiculous hat at Carstairs at being free first and took up a revolver and stepped forward to take action.
I applied my knife to Carstairs' ropes, and he wrestled with them in exasperation, which only frustrated my efforts and delayed his release. I cut him free, and he snatched a revolver and launched past Darkwood.
The last dragon departed the rooftop after its brothers, soaring through the air on shafts of spark and fire.
"It's over, Mandarin!" Carstairs declared, his gun held before him.
"Over? You're too late. My wrath is assured!"
"Be a good woman, you say?" Darkwood questioned. "You men do need women to tidy up after you." Darkwood strode across the gantry and rooted within a gap between the boards. "Why, only earlier when Hobbs and I were up here, I took the liberty to tidy up after you. Leaving lengths of hose strewn across a roof—it's enough to cause an accident." She pulled forth and brandished for the Mandarin to see six lengths of fabric hose and fuse, which she must have cut on our earlier visit to the roof when she asked me to keep watch.
"What have you done?" the Mandarin cried.
"Stopped your wrath short of its target."
Two dragons had already pitched into the Thames, extinguished through their own flaws, while the remaining four burst suddenly into fiery explosions far short of their target, and lit the Thames, its crowd of boats and ships, parliament and Westminster bridge, and both banks it spanned, in a brief yellow light that dropped and vanished as the burning remains hit the water.
"You meddlesome bitch! Kill her!" The Mandarin roared at his companions.
Two swift shots rang out as Carstairs dispatched the Mandarin's men before they could aim. While both shots startled me in their suddenness, it was the third shot from the Mandarin that did the most damage to my composure.
Much to my shock and Darkwood's horrified cry, Carstairs dropped to the ground, his body still.
The Mandarin took advantage of our distraction, plucked Darkwood's umbrella from where it had been tossed by his guards and struck her revolver from her hand. Her wits had not been completely scattered, for Darkwood grabbed at the umbrella with one hand and took hold of his gun arm with her other, and they wrestled.
"You see my womanhood as a weakness," Darkwood snarled over her exertions. "But it stopped you shooting me, didn't it? What's wrong? You can lead people to their deaths, blow people up, but can't kill a woman? I never thought a cowardly killer would disgust me more than a fearless one!"
"I think you have given me strength of purpose to end you, and your sex will be your undoing in this trial of strength, Miss Darkwood."
Darkwood weakened as the Mandarin redoubled his efforts, and then mirthful incredulity dawned upon his face. "You want the umbrella, don't you?"
He laughed and gave into her. "Take it." He released her, and she him, and he held the umbrella out to her. "I hope it is bullet proof."
Darkwood took the proffered umbrella handle, twisted it, tugged it, and spun away to one side, drew the steel blade from within the umbrella and swung at the Mandarin in a balletic movement. The villain yelped and his weapon clattered to the ground as he staggered away, clutching his bloody hand, wounded in her lightning attack upon him.
Darkwood stood victorious, her blade levelled at him. "As I said, I like to be prepared for inclemency."
The Mandarin roared and reared up as though the wrath within him at her defeat of his plans had turned him into one of the very dragons he used as weapons. He punched an arm into the air before him. Some hidden device within his voluminous sleeve triggered, and a dart of fire flared from his wrist and shot through the air.
I cried out in horrified warning—too late.
The flare struck Darkwood in the head and felled her to the floor.
"For Queen and country!" came Carstairs' vengeful battle cry followed by a shot from his revolver that struck the Mandarin in the shoulder and sent him reeling to the edge of the building before he tumbled over it with a strangled cry.
I dashed to my mistress' side.
Wisps of smoke played about her head and face. I wafted them away with my mandarin cap.
Her face was blackened.
Her eyes flickered open under my fanning and my heart fluttered into a climb.
She wheezed and spluttered and rolled on to her side into a hacking cough.
Carstairs clutched his shoulder and stumbled over to us as Darkwood struggled onto all fours, still coughing smoke from her lungs and ignoring my pleas not to move. The remains of her hat fell in smoking parts onto the floor beneath her and her coughs turned to laughs.
"He's quite… killed my… hat."
"He wasn't all bad then," Carstairs declared as he sank in pain and exhaustion at my mistress' side. "It was a shockingly bad hat."
Weakened by their ordeal and also buoyed by the relief of averting the Mandarin's plans, Darkwood and Carstairs collapsed beside one another in laughter. Relieved, but not as hysterical as they were, I let them have their moment together and peered over the edge of the building where the Mandarin had pitched.
Instead of a six-storey drop and a crumpled body in the alley, I found a wooden gantry a floor below ours with a spattering of spilt blood that trailed to an external staircase which descended to the ground.
The Mandarin was gone, and it would not be the last time we would encounter his threat. He would join the ranks of villainous nemeses such as Lord Balmoral, the Red Hood, the Iron Baron, and the Black Widow, and many more. All investigations, opponents, fights, and tales for another time, but we had gained an ally in Captain James Carstairs and the browncoats of the Home Guard, and the wrath of the dragon had been defeated.


Thanks for reading!
To support the continued investigations of Darkwood and Hobbs into the criminal and the supernatural, be sure to leave encouraging ratings and reviews. For news on new Darkwood Mysteries and other writing, visit my website, and follow me on Twitter and on Facebook.

The Darkwood Mysteries continue in:

The Thief of Faces (short story)
Why is Darkwood keeping vigil at her friend's tomb? Darkwood hunts a serial killer with a gruesome signature mutilation. What does a murderer want his victim's faces for?

The Posthumous Child (short story)
What secret haunts the country estate of Cecil House? Darkwood receives messages from the other side, whilst a family experiences a ghostly tormentor. What does a spirit child want to be known?

The Luminous Marks (short story)
Why have glowing marks been left at sites of petty thefts? Darkwood has deciphered them and searches for their maker in London's fog shrouded night—only to find they have a terrifying source.

The Wrath of the Dragon (novella)
Who or what is causing terrible fires in the slums of London's East End? Superstitious fears on the street claim the Chinese are to blame—but could there really be a dragon in London?

The Peacock Cabal (short story)
What drained a young man of his vitality and left him dead? Men who love men are dying as something takes advantage of the secrecy surrounding their hidden love. Darkwood's investigation reveals a conspiracy and a sinister threat…

The Cult of the Scarab (short story)
How does a mummified body, missing from the British Museum, connect to Darkwood's nightmare of beetles in a foreign red land? The answer is found at the end of a trail of bodies…

The Hag on the Heath (short story)
Why is an acquaintance of Darkwood under supernatural attack? Darkwood, Hobbs, the victim's gypsy kin—her father and his companions—embark on a hunt for a witch. But is all as it seems?

The Rat King (short story)
Board members of a charity suffer tragic ends. Where others see unfortunate coincidence, Darkwood suspects murder most strange—death through the mischief of rats… Have rats turned upon us, or is someone or something behind the attacks?

The Spindly-Snatcher (novella)
Why is a writer burning down bookshops? Darkwood and Hobbs investigate a creeping madness, but in doing so they find a terrible something stalking between fear and insanity. Have the hunters become the hunted?

The Conspiracies of Shadow & Fire (novel)
Conspiracies in the past unfold in the present and pitch Darkwood and Hobbs into a desperate struggle. Who can they trust? As the Hellfire Club and agents of darkness manoeuvre Darkwood and her stone into their traps, will she be able to escape the ultimate evil?

Darkwood & Hobbs will return…

