THE 
BLOOD
FROM
A
TOMBSTONE
COLLECTION



Edited 
by 
Tracy Allen, Valkyrie Kerry,
&
Don Everett Smith Jr.

SMASHWORDS EXCLUSIVE EDITION








Stories from
Blood From A Tombstone
& 
Blood From A Tombstone
Vol. 2: Fear









Copyright © 2020 
by
Tombstone Stories Publishing
& 
Tracy Allen, Justin Boote, N.M. Brown, David Owain Hughes, Valkyrie Kerry, Mark Kirkbride, James Miles Tom Over, Kim Plasket, Valerie Puri, Don Everett Smith Jr., Kimberly Wolkens, & Linda Zimmermann.



All rights reserved. 
This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review. 



Tombstone Stories Publishing 
Williamsport, Pennsylvania 
Facebook.com/TombstoneStories 



Cover Design 
by 
Don Everett Smith Jr. 




DEDICATION:

This book is dedicated to anyone who likes a story with a little blood in it, 
who enjoys a good walk among the tombstones 
and has just as warped view of reality of we have.

You are our friends.

On a personal note...
The Apostle Paul once asked, "Oh, death, where is thy sting?" Well it stung my family twice in 2020 when we first lost Banjo in March and then Merlin in September.
Laura and I gave them the best lives we could and they loved us the best they could.
Sure, I can focus on the memories and the good times and the like, but that does little to dull the throb of that sting.

Banjo and Merlin are on the other side waiting for Laura, me and their other brothers and sisters when it's our time.

With the blessing of the writers of this project (thank you, guys!) I dedicate this book to Banjo BoBaggins Smith and Merlin Ostacious Smith.

As it says in the Good Book, "Blessed are those who mourn, for they shall be comforted." I believe they are waiting for us to be reunited.

And I look forward to that day.


TABLE OF CONTENTS

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

WHY I WRITE HORROR:

PART ONE: NOT FOR THE NECROPHOBIC:
I
INTRODUCTION TO PART ONE: 
by Robert Damon Schneck

THE BRONNTANAS LA BREITHE
by N.M. Brown

NO ONE KNOWS WE'RE HERE
by Roma Gray

ODD OWEN AND HIS MOBILE FORTRESS
by David Owain Hughes

PAYING TO THE DEVIL
by Mark Kirkbride

THE VEGETARIANS
by Tom Over

THE KEEPER OF THE DEAD
by Don Everett Smith Jr.

EVELYN’S BIGGEST FEARS
by Kim Wolkens

PART TWO: FEAR

INTRODUCTION TO PART TWO:
by D.A. Roberts

GIVE PIZZA A CHANCE
by Tracy Allen 

THE CURSE OF THE TOOTH FAIRY
by Justin Boote

SUBTLE REMINDERS
by N.M. Brown

FROM ME TO YOU & FROM YOU TO ME
by Ashley M. Franklin 

FOR THE LOVE OF SHAKESPEARE
by David Owain Hughes

HOST
by Valkyrie Kerry 

VENGEANCE FROM THE EARTH
by James Miles 

FOOTSTEPS IN THE DARK
Kim Plasket 

OPERATION OUTAGE
by Valerie Puri

IN THE FLOORBOARDS AND THE DOORS
By D.L. Russell

THE MINIONS OF APOLLYON
by Don Everett Smith Jr.

THE CHAMBER
by Kim Wolkens

APOCALYPSE SALE
by Linda Zimmermann

ABOUT THE AUTHORS
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS:

Besides the obvious friends and family, we would like to thank Mar Garcia and Toneye Eyenot of BoldMom.com. Their competition brought all of us together and we decided, "Hey! Let's make an anthology from our entries!" Their contribution to this book and to the horror genre in general (especially the community of independent, self-published and small-press writers) will forever be appreciated! 
We would like to thank writer/graphic artist Don Noble and writer Kevin Candela for their formatting advice. 
Special thanks to Allisha McAdoo. 
We would like to also thank investigator turned novelist and all around awesome writer Linda Zimmermann. Metaphorically speaking, she was the nitrous oxide in our car that got us over the finish line! 
We would also like to thank Robert Damon Schneck, author of "The Bye Bye Man and Other Strange But True Tales." His book inspired the 2016 movie "The Bye Bye Man" with the amazing Doug Jones as the monster. Robert was kind enough to give us the introduction of part one.
We would like to thank our readers for their continued support as well as the rest of the members of the horror community! 
We would also like to thank our new friends at the Horror Author's Guild! They have been amazing and supportive! Visit them at HAGuild.com.
Thanks to DA Roberts, the HAG president, for his introduction of part two! Visit him at DARoberts.net.
Also huge thank yous go to reader horror reviewer Kim Napolitano for her continued support of our stories; as well as podcasters Catt Dahman, host of “Wicked Little Things,” and Anthony Baamonde, host of “The Horror Frequency,” for allowing us to speak about Blood from a Tombstone!
We also want to thank Brett Dyer. He has worked with Valkyrie Kerry and has been an inspiration and a muse to her and this project has benefitted from his influence.
We also want to thank official friend to both Tombstone Stories Publishing and Pophorror.com – actor Bill Oberst Jr. He reminds us all the time that faith, creativity and horror can coexist and thrive.
Finally, a thank you goes out to Feind Gottes, who helped edit several stories in part one; thank you to Howard Carlyle, Cynthia Knoble, and Anna DaSuza for being part of the journey. 

WHY I WRITE HORROR
By Ashley Franklin

When I think of horror, I think of all of the emotions it brings with it. Horror for myself fulfills me like the air that I breathe. It propagates life back into my soul when I feel spiritless and astray. I put pencil to paper and spew forth all of the horrors that reside inside. I unleash them so that my nightmares will not become the reality that has come before me.
We have monsters that live within us, but some are more profound than others. Now that I'm considered an adult, I realize I've always been a writer. Horror has always been a powerfully persuasive part of my life.
My childhood was more challenging than average. If I had a bad day at school or felt lonely at home, I knew I could escape into a choice book or watch my favorite horror movie to find comfort.
Writing is, now as it was then, a way to allay the affliction of everyday life, providing for me a sense of self-worth. It makes the impossible possible and the unknown known; anything you want can happen.
It's up to me, the author, to allow the pen to take me where it wants to go. Writing has ignited a spark inside me, it inspires my dreams, and in turn, my dreams inspire my writing. Reminding me that I am not the monster, I think I may be.





PART ONE:

NOT FOR THE NECROPHOBIC!
INTRODUCTION TO PART ONE:
BY 
ROBERT DAMON SCHNECK

Tombstones last for centuries. Future generations can learn the deceased’s name, when he lived, and that he is currently resting in the arms of the Lord. The doves, clasped hands, and other artistic embellishments, are traditional symbols of mourning and mortality, and the somber-faced granite angel perched on top, points at the sky, directing the passerby’s gaze, and thoughts, heavenward. A cemetery’s neat lawns and paths, its epitaphs, and rows of monuments, inspire a sense of tranquil permanence that contrasts with what’s happening underfoot, for fresh graves are busy places.
Bacteria are at work, generating gases that swell the body, then burst it open, releasing liquefied tissues. These soak into the cushion and coffin lining, with some bodies floating in a bath of their own putrefaction. Insects lay eggs that hatch into hungry larvae, and the departed are soon reduced to dirty jumbles of bones, hair, and the occasional titanium hip joint. Unlike cemetery angels, Blood from A Tombstone invites readers to contemplate horrors; not those hidden underground, but lurking in its nine original stories.
There is a dark birthday gift, an eccentric whose Halloween turns apocalyptic, the devil collects a debt, an unknown house, a couple struggles to survive in a city besieged by cannibals, necromancers raising the dead, necrophiles that prefer their corpses inert, and a necrophobe terrified of rotting bodies.
In short, part ones and part two of this book should be avoided by the squeamish or necrophobic. Readers who don’t mind brushing a few maggots off the page, however, will enjoy this anthology of contemporary horror short stories by rising authors.

R.D.S.
March 30, 2019


THE BRONNTANAS LA BREITH
BY 
N.M. BROWN

My face was raw from tears and my hands shook for almost an hour.
Why did he do this to me? I don’t understand, I thought to myself.
I picked up my phone and dialed my boyfriend’s number again and prayed - with all my soul - for a different result. Once again, my hopes shattered as I heard the message that his number would not accept incoming calls.
Caught up in my heartache, I dialed “star-six-seven” before his number and called again.
It rang.
His phone continued to ring until I got a message that said his voicemail box was full.
I opened up the Facebook app on my phone, and typed in his name and no results popped up in the search engine.
What?
I switched over to an ancient profile of mine and searched again and there he was. All the pictures he posted, were the ones that he sent me.
Under the “about” section, it said “engaged.”
What the fuck?
He and I had talked about marriage for months though he never asked me officially.
Did I miss something here?
Then, I saw a post from someone that I didn’t recognize. A Rita Jacobs posted “I love you so much!” next to a picture of a three stoned engagement ring. This was the exact same kind of ring that I told him I had wanted.
I furthered my emotional path of self-destruction when I clicked on her profile. I saw her about section listed that she was engaged Eric Dodd.
No! Eric Dodd is my boyfriend.
It hadn’t been a week ago he blew up my phone with calls and text messages. Then one day, I got a text saying that he was arrested and will be in jail for a while.
Okay, well, if he had in fact been arrested, I would have found the police report and a mugshot, which I didn’t.
And if he had been in jail for an extended period, his phone would have died.
Also posted was a picture of the sweetest looking little boy with an all too familiar nose. The caption read, “We miss you, Daddy!”
A barren ache in my throat snapped me back to attention. I realized that my mouth had been hanging open for quite a while. My heart felt like an empty can that had been crushed in slow motion.
Eric doesn’t have any children. He told me that he wanted me to be the only one to carry his children. One of the reasons he said he fell in love with me was because I worked with children. There were countless times that I was helping a little one learn to share in class or attending a skinned knee, dreaming of being able to help our growing child someday.
She had posted a video and had tagged him in it and it was the YouTube video to the Chicago song “You’re The Inspiration.”
I ran to my sink and emptied the sparse contents of my formerly starving stomach.
That was the song that he had always sent to me to make up after a fight.
He told me that was our song.
My heaves gave way to fresh tears that burned my irritated eyes. My stomach ached; each piece of new information was a sucker punch to my heart and gut.

PAUSE

First off, no I was not completely stupid or blind.
There were no signs Eric had exhibited, that I ignored. We had been together in our late teens and, to my knowledge, were madly in love. He was forced to move away with his parents, so he left my life completely.
Thanks to the wonders of social media, we reconnected eleven years later.
He lived many states away, but he drove down to see me for a four-day weekend once a month. I had my own issues and situations here that didn’t permit me to visit him in his home state.
He never seemed to have a problem with always having to be the one to make the drive. I guess I know why now. That’s how I was able to be made such a fool.
The chump of all chumps.

PLAY

I threw open my dresser drawer and searched frantically for my medicine bottle. My doctor had prescribed me something a few months back for anxiety, but I had resisted to take it.
Until now.
I clenched my phone in my hand with a white-knuckle grip. I was consumed with the urge to dial his number with every heartbeat. I knew that if I started to call, I wasn’t likely to stop, and I felt like enough of an idiot already.
Why?
He said so many things to me. He shared so many heartfelt stories, made so many promises, envisioned so many things for our future.
Why? What was the point of any of it?
I thought about all the jewelry he bought me, the way he held me and whispered sweet sentiments in my ear as we slept, all the laughter that we shared, him begging me to let him be the shoulder that I cry on. He would call and ask about my day at school. I’d vent about problems I had with students to him. We shared our deepest secrets with each other, and for all I know every word he uttered was a lie.
I don’t trust that many people, and he knew that.
He knew that everyone I’d ever loved had either died or decided that they had a better life without me.
I’m not a perfect person, but I was always upfront about my bullshit. Hell, to be honest, if he was just straight with me from the beginning, I probably would have still been with him.
To just ghost me like that at our age? Go from talk of marriage and baby names, (Christopher for a boy; Brianne for a girl), to totally blocked without a word. There was no “Hey, this isn’t working”; no “Yeah. I’m gonna have to pass”; no “Go fuck yourself!”
Nothing!
I honestly thought he was dead after the first twenty-four hours of no contact. That very day was my thirty-third birthday and he told me he couldn’t come down because of work.
I’m not making this shit up! I wish to God that I was.
This is a fuck you! that’s messed up on a level that my soul can barely absorb, let alone fabricate.

FAST FORWARD: EIGHT HOURS

To try and break my cycle of rumination, I decided to go to a bar in town called Killian’s. There were enough people inside for the atmosphere to be welcoming, but not so many that I felt suffocated.
A stool groaned in protest as I hopped on it?
A man with shaggy dark hair that hangs in his face sits two stools over to my left.
There’s a brief nod of acknowledgment exchanged. I’m trying to be polite more than anything honestly. Not to say that I don’t notice how amazing he smells as I wait for my drink. Before long I’m wondering what color his eyes are. Not that it matters really, with all that hair in his face.
The ghost of Eric’s face fades from my mind more with every drink.
As things went well, and I had high hopes for a peaceful, blacked out sleep that night. My desire was just to be dead to the world, just like how I felt on the inside. I wanted to wake up when it didn’t hurt so much anymore.
The music player had clicked over to a new song. I barely believed my ears as the familiar notes started to play and Peter Cetera's voice belted out how our love was meant to be. Then he warbled about it being the type of love that lasts forever.
I stifled an involuntary moan of pure sorrow, but the sound escaped my lips all the same.
That’s our song…
...or is it their song?
Tears glistened on my cheeks like streaks of clear nail polish; my heartbreak was painted on my face for all to see.
There was a sudden heat and pressure on the back of my chair. The smell of musk, leather and the slightest hint of motor oil pleasantly invaded my senses. It was the man with the dark hair.
“Hey, love? What’s this? What’s a nice bitta fluff like you up to ninety for?”
My face melted at his Irish accent, but I had no idea what he was saying. He could tell by the look on my face.
“Why are you crying? Don’t tell me it’s over some wagon? Any fella would be lucky to have you for a mot.”
I made a mental note to Google “Irish slang” immediately when I got home.
He handed me a napkin to dry my eyes. I took it and smiled weakly at him, and I was finally composed enough to meet his eyes.
They were green!
Not just any green either, they were the most amazing shade; just like emeralds.
I had never seen eyes so beautiful. Mine took their time leaving his gaze.
Coyly, I replied that I didn’t want to burden anyone with my troubles. However, before the hour passed, I found myself verbally unloading my situation in its entirety. A look of pity mixed with concern washed over his face.
“Oh, I bet that’s absolutely scarlet for you. You loved him for a donkey’s year and the whole time he was acting the maggot.”
Somehow, this time I understood what he said. My sniffling slowed as I nodded in agreement.
“I know you feel pure gabby right now,” he continued. “But you seem like a really nice gal - ”
“Forgive my ignorance,” I interrupted him. “But you’re gonna have to dumb it down a bit for me here. I’m having trouble understanding you.”
He laughed that brought out a twinkle in his eyes. The sound of it danced through the bar like wind chimes on a breezy day.
“I’m trying to say that no lash deserves to be treated that way, especially not on a birthday. Did you even have a cake? No? Let me hit the jacks and I’ll be right witt’cha.”
The charming stranger disappeared into the men’s room.
When he got back, I made sure to ask him what his name was.
“Name’s Kevan. What do they call you?” His accent was still apparent but at least I understood him now.
“Call me Karen,” I answered him reluctantly. I wasn’t letting my smile show just yet, but I knew my eyes give me away.
“Kevan and Karen!” he said as his chuckle boomed heartily throughout the bar.
A server came out from the kitchen with a large piece of cake and brought it up to the bar. She sat it down in front of me, smiled and walked away.
I turned to Kevan.
“Red velvet is my absolute favorite! What’s this about?” This time, a full smile bloomed on my face like the first flowers of spring.
Kevan took out a single candle from his breast jacket pocket. He looked dapper as hell in his brown suit, which was complimented by slight accents of green.
The color of the candle matched the green trim of his suit but with a silver swirl throughout it. It was the most beautifully detailed birthday candle I’ve ever seen.
In his other hand, he held a large stone that I somehow missed before.
“Here, love,” he said. “Consider this your bronntanas la breithe.” 
Taken aback, I pushed away from the bar a bit and hopped off the stool.
“What is that? Why do you have it?” I asked him warily. There were too many people here for him to attack me with it. I wanted to see where it went. I mean hell, it was such a shitty week and you couldn’t go wrong with free cake.
“Karen, it means your birthday gift. Now, love, take the candle and push ‘tin to the cake. After I light it, close your eyes, grab the stone and concentrate. Think about how you want that bastard to suffer. Think of all the ways your life would be better if he had never been born. Dwell on all the empty promises he made. As you blow out your candle, turn the stone counter clockwise.”
He thrusted the candle into my hand and I gladly took it.
I placed the candle into the soft red velvet, and I concentrated.
I wished Eric felt what I’ve felt for the past week. I wished that he was held to every single promise that he’s ever made a woman.
My heart and soul weren’t to be taken for granted; they deserved to be avenged. Eric must pay for what he did to me and how many other women. I blew out the candle and turned the stone in one fluid motion.
Though not within the realm of possibility for my current location, I swear I felt a slight breeze drift throughout the whole bar once the candle flame died. Other than that small and possibly fabricated detail, I felt no different.
Kevan and I continued talking throughout the evening. We both lost track of time. Before long, it was almost one in the morning.
This was the longest I had gone without thinking about Eric, and I wasn’t ready for it to end. I broke out my dancing bedroom eyes and turned on some charm of my own. Eric certainly didn’t give me a second thought while he fucked Rita night after night. It was time to stop worrying about him and start caring about me.
Kevan was only in town for a week and he was staying in a motel not too far from Killian’s.
His room had that same wonderful smell that he did. It was almost like he sweated pure testosterone, sex and cologne. Our tongues and lips danced in the most erotic but natural way. It all felt incredible. 
I’ll leave the rest of that night to your lurid imaginations, but I woke up a happy ‘bit o fluff’. I learned that that phrase was meant to describe attractive girls.
Stereotypical and offensive as that may be, I found myself humming “Danny Boy” the whole way home. Dropkick Murphy’s was instantly added to my playlist as I replayed the night I spent with an Irish God.
His touch still lingered on my skin.

***

My second week without Eric was blissful. I was refreshed by the memories of my exotic stranger.
Someone banged on my door and it startled me out of a peaceful sleep. I dragged my body out of bed and trudged towards the door, when I reached the peephole, I just stared. My heart plummeted at the sight of a very disheveled Eric as he stood on my porch.
A week ago, I would have traded anything to be in this situation, but I found myself barely wanting to answer the door. I did though; because there was no use in letting him stand out there.
“Karen! Oh my god, baby!” he said as he threw him arms around me and squeezed tightly. “Honey, I’m so sorry. I messed up so bad! You have to help me! I should never have hurt you like I did.”
Tears spilled over his cheeks and his voice was shrill with panic.
“I killed her. I don’t know why I did it, but I killed her!”
I interrupted him.
“You mean Rita?”
He winced at the sound of her name.
“Oh. Jesus, Karen, I’m sorry. I never meant for you to find out. I blocked contact with you because I didn’t have the heart to tell you the truth. It’s always been you. My heart’s been torn between my obligations and what it wants. I tried to leave her, so many times.”
He quickly changed the subject upon seeing the rage in my eyes.
“No. it wasn’t her. When Rita was pregnant, there was another woman that I had slept with. Rita found out about it and made me promise never to speak to her again. She made me promise her repeatedly that the woman’s life never meant a thing to me. She asked me if I would care if the other woman died and I said no. That doesn’t mean I wanted her dead! I haven’t thought about her in years.”
A sinister chuckle traveled through my soul, up into my throat, then out into the atmosphere.
“So,” I began. “You use me, sleep with me, lie to me, then expect me to aid and abet a crime by letting you stay here? You deserve what you get, dick. You’re not my problem anymore. You’re lucky I don’t all the cops right now. Just leave.
Then I saw it. The look I’d hoped for. It was one of pure hopelessness and shock at my refusal to help him.
I used to love his eyes; his nose was bigger than I remember.
Good god! It was inflamed by all the crying. Either way, it was a trait I’m thankful to have dodged passing down, nonetheless.
I gave him all the contents of my heart, so there was nothing left to heal or forgive. He had to deal with the consequences of his actions.
As he left, he walked out backwards for whatever reason.
In a fit of spiteful adrenaline, I dressed and headed to Kevan’s motel. Supposedly, he was there for four more days so I should be able to catch him.
The muscle memory of my legs took me right to his door - room 1014.
Even from outside the door, the smell inside turned me on instantly. I knocked and heard a shuffling from inside.
Kevan answered the door and somehow he was even more handsome in his half asleep and rugged state.
“Hey Kevan. Can I come in? I’ve had a weird day and need someone to talk to. Have any Jameson left?” I asked as I put on my widest doe eyes, hoping to further my chances.
He opened the door wider to let me inside. Putting pride aside, I sat down on his bed.
“We need to talk. Eric came to see me all wigged out. He says he just killed some lady; not his wife by the way. I just needed to leave the house for a bit in case he tries to come back.”
My body was trembling with attraction, but I let him think that it could be fear of Eric.
He let out that booming dark laugh that I loved so much.
“Nothing to fear, Karen. ‘Tis only the beginning of this gobshite’s journey to hell,” he said. He explained further once he saw the confusion on my face. “Why is everyone so surprised when they make a wish and it actually comes true? Isn’t that the point of tings? What did you wish for when you turned the Bullan stone?”
I answered him quickly, but only with a question with one of my own. “What’s a Bullan stone?”
“It’s an Irish cursing stone that was used in conjunction with an Irish wishing candle. It grants your birthday wish.”
I was shocked at the level of bullshit he spat out. I shook my head and chuckled in disbelief.
“So… what? You’re like some kind of leprechaun?”
His eyes narrowed and it was the closest thing to anger that he had shown so far.
“Leprechaun? Come now, mot. Am I half-sized with flaming hair and a pipe? Haven’t you ever heard of the Black Irish? It’s not all freckles and red hair y’know!”
He then shook his head at me; clearly offended.
Unfortunately for me, it appeared I would not be charming his snake that night. I quickly apologized, and gathered myself and left. I thanked him for everything on my way out.

***
A month went by that was completely uneventful.
I started to put this all behind me one day at a time. Dating was definitely off the table for a good while.
Painting was always cathartic for me, so I picked it up again. I was in the middle of a black and red sunflower when there was an odd sound at my door. It sounded like someone had knocked from the bottom of the door.
There was no one visible through the peephole.
I slowly opened the door to see what was going on. A trail of red consumed the middle of the porch and ended at Eric's feet! The bottoms of his jeans were caked in brown and red, a bit of bone stuck out from the bottom of his left pant leg.
I don't see any shoes…
...or feet.
Eric laid there sobbing and his face was a sickly shade of purplish gray.
“Help me in. I walked all the way here from home. I couldn't stop walking...so much...walking. My feet!”
He sobbed louder.
“I need an ambulance, but I can't call because I’m wanted. They might call the police. Help me! Please!”
I quickly dragged him inside, and did my best to clean the floor so the trail didn’t lead to my door. He settled uncomfortably on the couch and I ran in my bathroom to get towels and water.
As I was reaching for a towel, I heard a gut-wrenching scream and ran back into the living room.
I knew we had our differences, but my blood couldn’t help but run cold when I saw him.
His face was a mess of gore.
Where his two, perfect hazel eyes used to be, were now two bleeding sockets. He held his arms out towards me with a bloody white orb clutched within each hand.
“I always said I only had eyes for you.”
It made sense now.
Eric had always promised me that he would walk to the ends of the earth to get to me; though it wasn't that extreme of a distance.
He also promised he’d never turn his back on me, hence the walking backwards.
He promised Rita that girl's life meant nothing to him and he promised me that he only had eyes for me.
Then I realized there was just one thing left....
I sat on my living room floor, and I cut with a surgical precision that surprised me. This was messier than I had wanted it to be, and I severely hated to share. We know I'm not the only one he's hurt though.
I decided to keep the biggest piece for myself and give the girls the other pieces, because the first promise he ever made to me was this: .
“You will always have a piece of my heart.”
“Shhh,” I said to him. “Let’s just say, this gives meaning to my life. Dear Eric, you were the inspiration.”
And I plunged in with a sick thwack!
END
NO ONE KNOWS WE'RE HERE
BY
ROMA GRAY

“Here we are.” Danny announced.
He skidded his bike to a stop and in one fluid motion leapt off, allowing the bike to fall with a clatter to the dying, yellow grass. He could hardly wait to see the expressions on his friends’ faces. He knew they’d be thrilled.
“What? I don’t get it.” Kerry asked stopping his own bike but remaining firmly planted on the seat. His freckled face scrunched up in displeasure while his icy-blue eyes reproached Danny. “A clump of trees and blackberry bushes? We rode our bikes for nearly an hour for this?” 
Danny grunted, expressing his disappointment. “It’s a thicket.” He retorted sharply. “My uncle and I spotted it when we were driving around last weekend. He wouldn’t let me go in there, but I knew—well, I thought I knew—you guys would want to check it out.”
Vince rode his bike toward the other two, still huffing and puffing from the long ride, his extra pounds, as always, tiring him out quickly. Trying to hide how far he had fallen behind, Vince pedaled hard at the end and came in fast. Then, in an overly dramatic gesture, he slid his bike sideways at Kerry, spraying gravel and dirt at his friend’s feet.
“Hey!” Kerry yelled back flinching and raising his hands in a defensive move, small pebbles bouncing against his jeans and pinging off of his bike.
“Shut up, Kerry, I think it’s cool.” Announced Vince defiantly as he dropped his bike with a loud clang next to Danny’s bike.
Kerry’s frown intensified.
Danny smugly smiled back at Kerry. “So, are you going to be the wet blanket here today? You know the rules: Wet blanket has to be a slave to the others for a week.”
Vince released a wicked laugh, rubbing his hands together in a show of eager anticipation. “That means you have to hold open a door and bow as we walk in…” Vince began ticking off the duties on his fingers, “and then you have to wear my mom’s apron to the skate park.”
“What? No way!” exclaimed Kerry, neighing back in his bike seat like a frightened horse.
“BWHahaHAhaha!” Vince raised and lowered the tone in his voice in an attempt to make this second laugh sound more evil than the first. A sadistic gleam flickered in his mischievous, brown eyes. “Club rules…and I have far worse things than that in mind…”
Kerry groaned and said, “Ok, ok. I’m in, geez, I’m so sick and tired of all these stupid club rules...”
The others shot him a dirty look, and he gulped hard. Being grumpy was another violation of the club rules. Kerry was sinking fast.
Kerry quickly forced a smile. “I mean…cool. Yeah, yeah, this…this will be fun!”
Vince and Danny simultaneously crossed their arms and glared back at him, unhappy with his unconvincing performance.
Kerry turned a little pale. “No really guys, I’m on board. Let’s do this!”
Vince and Danny locked eyes, silently communicating their judgement on Kerry’s behavior. Several seconds passed, and then a few more, all the while Kerry visibly sweated their decision. Finally, Vince and Danny each returned a short nod, satisfied that they had made their point. Kerry gave a sigh of relief and got off his bike, carefully using his kick stand to keep the bike upright. He then fastidiously brushed the dirt and gravel off of his shoes and pants.
“Should we hide the bikes?” Vince asked, his gaze shifting back to the winding, country road. “If your uncle drives by, looking for you maybe, and sees your bike…”
Danny let out a small squeak. “I hadn’t thought of that. Grab them up, and let’s stash them.”
After moving their bikes behind a clump of rhododendrons, the boys followed an old gravel path up to a bramble of blackberry bushes where a hole leading into the thicket beckoned them. The boys stood in awe as they peered cautiously inside. Very little light filtered into the dark recesses of the thicket, revealing only a few ghostly, twisted shapes of what Danny presumed to be trees. From the menacing gloom, the hum of unseen insects grew unnaturally loud.
“You know, it’s Labor Day.” Kerry said suddenly.
“So?” asked Danny, expecting another complaint. Probably scared he’ll get leaves in his hair…
“So, we’re having a BBQ at the house. I…I don’t want to be late. My mom might come looking for me, and she’d be furious if she knew I went in there.”
“She won’t find you in there.” Danny laughed. “No one knows we’re here.”
Kerry cleared his throat and pointed into the hole. “Is that a spider web? I’m allergic to spider bites. All insect bites, actually…”
“Wet blanket.” The two other boys instantly repeated in unison.
Kerry froze. Club rules were, if two member called you a name in unison three times, you must be penalized. He snapped his mouth shut, his lips disappearing into a thin line.
“Come on, let’s do this.” Vince said, his voice growing eager. “Man, that place looks freaky!”
With Danny leading the way, one by one the boys climbed through the opening, emitting a few yelps as the blackberry bushes caught their clothes and prickly thorns scratched their skin. After a few uncomfortable moments, the three emerged on the other side. Danny blinked hard while his eyes adjusted to the dim light, but when his vision began to sharpen, he was left speechless.
It was like entering an alien world.
The dense tree canopy, which was already changing to autumn colors, painted the thicket a ghastly yellowish-gray hue. The color reminded Danny of old photographs his grandmother kept in boxes up in her attic, and the thick dust motes which glittered and danced like pixie dust around them only reinforced this mental image.
“Kerry was right about the spiders.” Vince muttered. “Big time.”
Danny nodded. Everywhere it seemed, spider webs hung thickly off the ivy covered trees, each one speckled with indistinguishable bugs. Many small saplings, he noted, had long since died. No doubt a result of the lack of sunlight and the relentless ivy which had a strangle hold on nearly everything.
Danny looked over to Kerry, expecting him to complain about the spiders, but he said nothing. Instead, the silence was broken by Vince who let out a ragged cough.
Finally, clearing his throat, Vince muttered. “It smells really bad in here.”
Danny had to agree. The combination of decaying vegetation, stagnate water, and lack of ventilation had made the air thick and heavy. The smell reminded him of the reptile cage at the zoo.
“Wet blanket,” snickered Kerry.
Vince narrowed his eyes in aggravation.
“Come on, let’s look around.” Danny said forging ahead.
The boys stepped carefully, the ivy, dead ferns, and fallen leaves making it difficult to see the rocks underneath. Danny could hear the gravel path crunching under their feet as they continued into the thicket and wondered if it led to something. He received his answer sooner than he expected; the boys rounded a massive hedge of blackberry bushes and abruptly stopped, shocked by the unexpected discovery.
“Look at that!” Kerry said.
Before them stood a two-story house. It looked ancient, with broken windows, rain gutters hanging down, and ivy climbing all the way up the walls and onto the roof. Gray streaks of dirt and mold ran down the sides of the formerly white house like tear stains.
Movement caught Danny’s eyes, and his gaze shot to a window on the second floor. His heart skipped a beat as he saw one of the lace curtains in the window shift from right to left. Focusing hard on the window now, he watched to see if he could make out an outline of a hand. He did not see a hand or anything else that would imply that someone was in the room watching them. The curtain also remained perfectly still now, forcing Danny to second guess what he thought he saw.
Is it possible this weird place is making me imagine things? He wondered.
Danny glanced at the other two. Their expressions reflected one of curious wonder as they continued to examine the rest of the house. They clearly had not seen anything.
“That looks like the haunted house we visited last Halloween.” Kerry said excitedly, now caught up in the moment of discovery. A happy smile stretched across his face, a rare occurrence for the perpetually uptight and frightened boy. Danny did not think he had ever seen Kerry smile like this before.  
“Do you think someone lives in there?” Vince asked.
Kerry shook his head. “Nah, don’t be stupid. This was obviously abandoned a long time ago. There’s no way for a car to even get in here. Who could possibly live here?”
“I’m not stupid, I was just asking, geez.” Vince grumbled but their find was far too thrilling for him to sulk for long. A second later his face lit up, and he said, “Let’s go in!”
Kerry and Vince took off toward the house’s front porch in a dead run. Danny did not follow; instead, he looked back up at the window. He saw no movement, no face in the window, no suspicious anything. He briefly glanced back down to Vince and Kerry. They had not noticed that he had fallen behind yet, but they would soon. He had to make a decision.  
Should I tell them? His eyes flitted between the window and his friends. What do I do? Could someone be up there or was it just my imagination?
“Danny?” Vince called.
Time was up.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m coming.” Danny said running to catch up.
He refused to be like Kerry, worrying about spiders and about his mom finding out he spent the day in a creepy thicket. Danny knew he was tougher than that.
No one is up there, he told himself. Why would anyone be there? No, we’re alone.
The front steps groaned loudly under the combined weight of the three boys. They stopped at the heavy front door, which lay open about a foot. Vince reached out to the door handle, but jerked back his hand as they all heard a creak somewhere on the other side of the door.
The thing that made the curtain move upstairs—whatever it was—has come down stairs to confront us! Danny thought to himself. Any minute, any second, whatever lives in the house is going to burst through the door and attack us!
Danny automatically took a couple steps back, yet still found that he could not say anything to the others. What if he was wrong? They would say he had turned coward. How would he ever live it down? Coming here was his idea, after all.
“You…you said no one lived here..,” Vince asked, glancing at Kerry.
Kerry seized the opportunity to become the brave one in the group, no doubt to compensate for his earlier ‘wet blanket’ moment. He puffed up his chest, and waved his hands as though presenting the decay and blight surrounding them. “Look around. Who could live here?”
“But…but that sound…”
You have to tell them, Danny thought to himself. Tell them about the curtains moving upstairs! But still, the words would not come.
“The windows are open and a few are even broken.” Kerry continued. “It was probably just a squirrel.”
“Sounded kind of big…”
Kerry groaned in frustration. “Then it was a raccoon. Come on, a human couldn’t live here. How obvious does it have to be?”
And with that, Kerry grabbed the door handle and pushed it in. The decayed door creaked and moaned in protest. Danny’s entire body clenched up at the sound; whoever was hiding inside would come for them for sure now. But nothing leaped out at them, and the room beyond the door was dark, silent and still. Kerry laughed and Vince joined in. Danny, however, remained silent, his rattled nerves not allowing any other reaction, as he followed the other two boys through the entrance.
Inside the house, it smelled even worse than it did outside, and the faint light from the windows failed to illuminate the many dark corners within the massive living room. Danny momentarily wondered what was hiding in those corners, but shook away the thought, trying to reign in his fear.
“You see?” Kerry said pointing to a trail of animal footprints left behind in the thick layer of dirt on the wood floor. “A raccoon. Told you.”
The footprints led onto an area rug in the center of the room, where it looked like the raccoon got into a scuffle with another animal. Danny examined the marks on the ground closely.
“No blood.” He said, looking at the carpet, next to an ornate white column where the main fight seemed to have taken place.
“Must be love.” Vince snickered making kissing noises in the air.
Kerry laughed but not Danny. Where were the footprints of the two animals leaving the fight? For that matter, he did not understand why there was only one set of footprints leading onto the rug. His gaze followed the column up to the ceiling, and he discovered a large hole.
Vince snickered once more and pointed to the hole in the ceiling. “The love nest. Best to leave them alone. Don’t want to intrude. Raccoons can get nasty when they are…eh-hem…interrupted.”
  Again the boys laughed uproariously, and this time Danny joined in, more in relief than anything.
So that was what I saw moving upstairs! He thought. Raccoons or squirrels…I can live with that.
The boys spread out, examining the strange living room. From what Danny could tell, this was a pretty fancy house at one time, but not anymore. Everything in the room was in a state of decay. There was nothing salvageable, nothing that was not blackened with years of collected dust or did not stink of rot and mold. The entire interior was completely disgusting.
A pity, thought Danny. We can’t even turn this place into a club house. Even my mom couldn’t clean up this place!
“How long do you think the house has been empty?” Danny asked.
“Years and years and years.” Kerry answered. “I doubt anyone even knows its back here. The thicket has hidden the entire house.”
Just then, from upstairs, a high pitched howl suddenly assaulted their ears, and all three boys jumped in fright. The howl grew louder and louder, building to teeth shattering levels until it finally ended in a shrill scream. Then…silence.
“What in the hell?” asked Vince, alarmed.
“Was that an animal being attacked?” asked Danny. “Those…those two raccoons again?”
“No man, that was a ghost!” Kerry cried out. “A real, live ghost!”
Danny did not like this idea—he did not like it all. The truth was, Danny was terrified of ghosts and did not even like going to the phony Halloween haunted houses. Without thinking, he automatically snapped back. “Ah, stop being such a baby! There’s no such thing as ghosts, so cut it out!”
Kerry, looking hurt and angry, no doubt for being called both a baby and a wet blanket all in one day, yelled back. “No, you prove it. Go upstairs. I dare you. I double dare you!”
A sinister smile formed on Vince’s face telling Danny that he going to support Kerry on this. Sure enough, Vince said. “I triple dare you!”
Horrified, Danny just stared back at them. By club rules, a triple dare could not be turned down. He had to go up the stairs now.
The last thing he wanted to do was go up those stairs.
Danny turned and looked at the staircase. The sound was gone now, but a chill still ran up his spine. What could have made a noise like that? He could not even begin to imagine. It certainly was not the wind. The trees blocked any breeze from flowing in the thicket.
Get over it, he told himself. The guys are watching you. You have to do this!
“Fine!” Danny said forcing his words to remain steady and calm. “Doesn’t bother me none.”
Determined to prove he was not scared, Danny started up the stairs. He reached for the banister and found that it swayed heavily under his grip. He paused, deciding maybe he should not touch it after all. Starting again, he stepped carefully on the first step. It protested loudly, and for a few terrifying seconds, he thought it would give way. The step fortunately held, and Danny carefully continued his climb, weaving his way between animal droppings and split wood.
Half way up the stairs, the howl came once more, raising the hair on the back of his neck. Fear taking over, he turned and looked down at the other boys. Both shook their heads no and pointed to the second floor.
“My good friends.” Danny grumbled, anger pushing out the fear. He turned and marched angrily up the remaining stairs.
On reaching the second floor landing he paused, taking in the ominous sight. A long hallway stretched out in front of him. The doors were closed on both sides, save for one partially opened door at the end of the hall. The partially open door provided the only illumination, a dim shaft of dingy, yellow sunlight which stretched out a just a few inches across the filthy, red carpet. The oppressive darkness and lack of air made the hallway feel like a tomb.
Danny stood there for a long moment. Why was that door open when all of the other doors were closed? It was as though someone had left it open on purpose…as though someone was inviting him…luring him to the end of the hall.
The words he had spoken earlier suddenly crossed his mind: “No one knows we’re here.”
If someone grabbed us—a serial killor or even some perv—we’d be at the guy’s mercy!
He heard a series of loud thumps down stairs, making Danny jump, followed by his two friends yelling his name, “Danny!”
Danny cringed. Club rules. If two club members stomp their feet and yell your name, sentencing for a club violation was about to be pronounced.
“Alright! Alright!” Danny yelled back charging forward. “I’m checking it out. Just give me a sec!”
Perfect, thought Danny. At very least the serial killer and/or perv will know my name now. I’d hate to waste time on introductions…
Danny felt waves of emotions as he walked past the closed doors, first anger at his friends, then self-pity, then regret at forming the club to begin with. Finally, as he reached the open door, full blown terror gripping him once more.
He looked back at the other doors behind him, and a disturbing thought entered his mind.
What if the killer is behind one of those doors instead, waiting to cut off my escape?
Danny involuntarily shuttered. If that was the case, he was already trapped.
Cautiously, he peered through the two-inch gap left by the partially-opened door. From this vantage point, he could not see much other than then the open window. He paused for a moment to listen. He thought he picked up a slight movement in the room, but he could not be sure. He was so scared at this point he could have easily imagined it.
You can’t stand here forever, he told himself.
With a trembling hand, Danny pushed the door the rest of the way open. The door moved easier than he had expected, and it crashed open with a bang. Danny jumped and yelped, unprepared for the loud noise or for the light from the window that struck him square in the face. It was a fairly dim light, but in contrast to the nearly pitch black hallway, it still made his eyes burn. He blinked repeatedly and shielded his face with his hand, all the while, trying to slow down his racing heart.
“Danny!” The boys yelled from downstairs. 
No doubt reacting to the loud noise. For a second, he almost called back to say he was ok. Then he decided he liked the idea of them being scared for him…maybe he would just let them make the same scary walk upstairs. They deserved a taste of their own medicine. And with that, Danny decided not to reply.
The pain in his eyes from the light decreased, and he slowly lowered his hand, allowing him to see the entire room. Danny’s breath caught in his throat as his entire attention zeroed in on something lying on the floor.
It was a dead body.
He stared at it, wondering if his eyes were somehow playing a trick on him. It was one thing to let your imagination run away with you, thinking you are surrounded by ghosts or serial killers, but it was another to find an actual dead body. Shock froze him in place for several long seconds until curiosity took over and he approached the prone figure.
“Hey, guys, get up here!” He called out, forgetting his decision to remain silent. “You’ve got to see this!”
The body was that of a man in a wife-beater shirt and sweat pants, the color of both unidentifiable under the thick layer of dust. Danny could not tell much about him. He had clearly been dead for a long time.
I guess I don’t have to worry about the murderer still being around, thought Danny. He’d be long gone by now.
It occurred to Danny, though, that he could not tell how the man died, murder or otherwise. The body was decayed and desiccated with very little left over after the maggots had eaten their fill. Even the maggots were long gone, probably eaten by the spiders who had spun thick webs over nearly everything in the room.
“Cool!” Danny muttered. “Wait until the guys see this!”
And then he heard a noise, somewhere close behind him, something that sounded like the scrambling of feet across the wood floor. With a sharp exhalation, he leapt to his feet, and whirled around.
Two fat raccoons ran out from behind a large chair, scrambled across the room, and climbed through the open window. After his heart started working again, Danny began to laugh.
“So it was true love!” Danny said, relieved. “Damn, I hate to tell Kerry he was right…”
Danny turned to face the door and scowled.
On that topic, where are they? Kerry and Vince should have been up here by now.
Despite Danny calling out to his friends, they had not followed him up, probably suspecting that Danny was plotting a practical joke.
Not a bad idea, he thought to himself, a wicked smile forming on his lips. But how to get them up here?
Danny tossed around a few ideas for several seconds, delighting in the sadistic imagery dancing through his mind. A giggle escaped his lips, but then it abruptly cut short. He could feel the hairs on the back of his neck stand up—He was being watched. He did not know why he knew this, he just knew. He turned around and saw…a blank wall.
“Stop it, Danny!” He growled at himself. “You’re just freaking yourself out again, and you know it.”
Yet the feeling persisted. Eventually his eyes moved down to the floor, and a pair of glowing, red eyes greeted him.
Danny smiled and knelt down to better examine the thing that had been spying on him. A small, white mouse curiously stared back at him, clearly unafraid of humans.
“Hi there, little guy.” Danny said in a soft voice, still stunned that the mouse had not run away. A thought then entered his mind, and he frowned. “You’re an albino mouse. One of my teachers once told me that you rarely find albino mice in the wild, usually only in pet stores. Were you this guy’s pet?”
He glanced around the room and noticed several large, unrecognizable square and rectangular objects hiding under the dust and spider webs. Danny moved toward them, narrowing his eyes. On closer examination he realized they were aquariums. One was lying sideways on the floor. Inside this tank was a small, exercise wheel. For a moment, he examined the tank and the location of the man.
“I bet he had a heart attack and knocked your home over, didn’t he?” asked Danny. The mouse curiously tilted his head to one side, but not surprisingly, it did not answer. “Then, it looks like maybe he crawled over here, got the door open, but didn’t make it to wherever he left his phone. Lucky for you, he knocked your cage over. You would have starved.”
The mouse, appearing to grow bored with the conversation, skittered off into the room and behind a much larger glass aquarium. Danny stood up and walked toward it, all the while examining the other aquariums scattered around the room. All of the lids were popped off as though the residents of the aquariums had escaped. Danny was glad. It was one thing to see a dead man on the floor, but a dead bunny or guinea pig would have been too upsetting.
As he reached the large aquarium, he spotted a label stuck to the glass. The writing was faded, so Danny leaned down to get a better look.
Danny abruptly gasped and fell backwards onto the hard, dirty floor. The label read very clearly, ‘King Cobra’.
And now he knew how the man died.
“Oh shit! Oh shit!” he cried out, struggling to his feet. “I’ve got to tell the others!”
As he ran for the door, he focused all of his attention on escaping, trying not to look into the shadows. In his mind he saw the snake coming out, slithering after him, it’s fangs poised for a bite that would leave him dead just like the man on the floor.
As he exited the room, he slammed the door shut, plunging the hallway into darkness. Danny groaned. It was a stupid mistake.
Why would I think the snake was still in there? He wondered. That guy died years ago. The snake couldn’t have survived in that room all that time.
Yet, even knowing this, he was not brave enough to open the door again. Instead, he fumbled forward in the dark down the hall as fast as he could. Finally, he reached the stair landing, but then he skidded to a stop. He blinked hard at what he saw below.
It was Vince; he was lying on the floor face down, right at the bottom of the stairs.
“Vi…Vince?” Danny asked in a halting voice.
The only answer he received was a loud thumping noise beyond his field of vision. It was so strange; he could not place it. But…it sounded like some kind of struggle.
Had Vince been bitten by the cobra and now Kerry was fighting with it?
“Kerry? Kerry?” Called out Danny. But once again, no answer.
As panic began to reach peak levels, reason took hold. Danny huffed and shook his head. If the cobra was down there, Kerry would be screaming his head off. If the cobra was not down there, Kerry would have been kneeling next to Vince to help or rushing up the stairs to get Danny. Either way, Kerry’s silence and absence made no sense at all. Nope, this just was not ringing true.
The guys are playing a joke on me!
He did not know what Kerry was doing, no doubt Danny had interrupted him while setting up some part of the prank, but whatever it was, he didn’t care. They needed to get serious and get out of there.
“Damn it, guys, that’s not funny!” yelled Danny, moving quickly down the stairs.
Vince still did not move, and the thumping continued. When Danny reached the bottom of the stairs he was ready to ream the guys. Instead, he froze in place, his mind unable to process what he was seeing.
Danny finally saw Kerry, and he was definitely not playing around. He was on the floor, flopping back and forth with a huge python wrapped around him.
“Danny!” Kerry gasped in a weak, raspy voice, turning his eyes toward his friend.
This was a terrible mistake. That brief second that he hesitated in his struggle to call out to Danny gave the snake the final advantage it needed. The muscles of the snake contracted with a vicious jerk, and Danny heard the air in Kerry’s lungs push out from the tight embrace, accompanied by the unsettling sound of multiple bones in his body snapping. Then the boy’s face turned blue, wide frightened eyes staring out at Danny.
“Kerry!” Danny yelled.
He needed a weapon and noticed a baseball bat lying on the floor between Vince and the couch. Vince was still just lying there, face down and unmoving. For the briefest moment, Danny wondered, did the snake attack him first? But he had no time to consider this further. Kerry was dying! He quickly reached down to grab the bat, and as he did so, out from the end table appeared the king cobra.
For the briefest moment, they locked eyes. The cobra’s amber eyes were fierce and its hood was extended in a show of aggression. Danny held still, thinking perhaps if he did not move the snake would leave—unfortunately, it did not. The snake lunged forward clamping down on Danny’s wrist, its needle-like fangs sinking deep into his flesh.
Danny screamed and fell forward, darkness taking over before he even hit the floor.

***

Time passed. Swirls of pain and nausea spread through Danny’s mind and body, but for how long he did not know. As awareness returned, his eyes fluttered open. His lungs begged for oxygen, and he tried to gasp, only to discover his body refused to respond. He managed to suck in a small amount of air, but it was not enough, not even close to being enough. As the searing pain passed through his chest, one thought entered his mind:
I can’t breathe! I can’t breathe! Oh, god, I’m dying!
Under him was Vince, who lay stiff and unmoving. Danny then realized his friend had already passed, no doubt the cobra’s earlier victim.
It was my idea to come here, thought Danny. Vince is dead and I’m dying...all because I wanted to see the thicket.
With some effort, he looked out in the middle of the room and was shocked to see Kerry staring back at him. He was free of the snake!
“Get…help...” Danny said, his voice merely a whisper.
But Kerry did not move, he only groaned and sniffled, his lower jaw hanging open at an unnatural angle. Something looked wrong about his body too. And his eyes—they were a mixture of terror and a desperate pleading. It took Danny a second to realize why Kerry was not moving. His entire body was broken. Every bone had been crushed into a million pieces by the snake’s cruel embrace.
A wet blanket, thought Danny. We called him that and now his body…his body is just as limp as a wet blanket. That’s what he is now…just like we said…
Kerry should not still be alive nor should Danny, but they both were. They stared at each other, neither able to speak. Suddenly, Kerry’s entire body jerked and with it the horrific expression on his face seemed to amplify. Danny looked down at his friend’s feet.
The snake was in the process of swallowing Kerry. His feet and lower legs were deep inside of the creature. And Kerry could not do anything to save himself; his body was completely smashed.
Another jerk and more of Kerry’s legs disappeared into the snake. Kerry let out a raspy cry, his broken jaw preventing him from truly expressing his terror.
“Kerry!” Danny gasped.
And then there was no more as Danny went into respiratory failure. No more thought, no more fear, no more pain. For Danny, the battle was over.

***

Kerry saw the light go out in Danny’s eyes, and a stream of tears rolled down his cheeks. He had lost his two best friends…as well as his only chance to escape.
Mom, Dad! He mentally called out, knowing they would never come.
Thinking back to earlier in the day when the boys first arrived, he recalled how scared he had been of going into the thicket. He had been afraid of bugs getting in his hair, or spiders biting him, or some creepy homeless guy grabbing them…but this…this was far worse than anything he could have ever imagined. If only he could get his body to move, if only he could fight back...but his body was limp and useless.
Kerry closed his eyes and prayed, “Please, dear God, help me! Let my parents find me! Let someone, anyone, find me! Please, oh God, please!”
But he knew his prayers would not be answered. Danny had said it himself: ‘No one knows we’re here’.
For hours, Kerry endured his terrible fate. Inch by inch, piece by piece, everything he was slipping further inside of the snake. He wished himself to die, wished for the end to come quickly, to die from his injuries rather than to experience this horror. The unrelenting tightness as the snake’s body constricted and slowly crushed him within itself was agony beyond anything he would have thought possible. The misery grew worse with each passing second, and the seconds went on and on and on, the passage of time as cruel as the creature consuming him.
The dim light from outside faded and the darkness of night fell. Crickets outside chirped and bull frogs called out for a mate, and yet still, Kerry’s torment continued.
The python moved up his legs…over his hips…up his stomach…and all the while, Kerry’s dislocated jaw hung open, groans of misery mixing in with desperate sobs were the only sounds to escape. The endless stream of tears eventually disappeared, his eyes drying out from the lengthy ordeal.
The yellow light of dawn eventually touched the upper edges of the living room window as the snake’s jaws reached Kerry’s chest. At that moment, the air in his lungs was violently pushed out, which finally, mercifully, extinguishing the young boy’s life.

SIX YEARS LATER

Police Sergeant Eric Green stared at the picture of the missing children. Danny Richards, Vince Cole, Kerry Anderson, Angie Thomas, Lynette Fields, Chrissy Vogel, Lindsey Salt, and Pauline Iverson. He sighed, shook his head, and sipped his coffee. His partner, Amy Sandberg, dropped an envelope on top of the pile of photographs and sat down next to him.
“The latest victims are Enrique Salizar and Josè Lopez.” Amy said. “Just like the rest, no clues. The kids were friends, hanging out together on their bikes. No sign of them, and no sign of the bikes.”
“Always the same.” Eric said, leaning back in his chair. “Usually two or three kids at a time. What kind of child abductor takes on multiple kids at once? And the guy never moves on. It’s an unusual pattern.”
“It’s a long shot, but there’s this small thicket outside of town we’re looking into right now. Just a few acres or more, but the perp could be hiding in there.”
Eric leaned back in his chair, a thoughtful expression on his face.
“What?” Amy asked putting down her coffee.
Eric shrugged. “In my old neighborhood we had this thicket, small, like the one you’re talking about. Every kid in the neighborhood loved to go there and explore.” He let out a small laugh. “It was like it had a siren call for anyone under the age of 13. We loved that place.” Eric shook his head, happy childhood memories momentarily flooding his mind. “Who did you send out?” 
 “Romero and Davis.” Amy said and then looked down at her cell phone and frowned. “Huh…they haven’t reported in, and they’re about forty minutes over due. That’s odd.”
ODD OWEN AND HIS MOBILE FORTRESS
BY 
DAVID OWAIN HUGHES

“Halloween,” he moaned, parting his blinds and looking out into the street. The afternoon sky had turned from warm and cloudless into a brooding, bruised evening, reminding him of damaged fruit. The autumn trees, which looked skeletal with their gnarled and empty branches, seemed to loom over the street. They cast deep, menacing shadows, like the image of a masked killer hanging over a town on a forbidding movie poster.
At neighbouring houses, the glow from tea lights inside gutted pumpkins with creepy faces and evil eyes threw shades of colour across the street from behind the windows and porches on which they sat. The butchered fruit was a tell-tale sign for children that the occupants of the home wanted them to call. That tasty treats waited. 
Crisp, orange-yellow leaves blew against his window, startling him. Owen removed his fingers from the blinds and pulled back. “Soon enough, there’ll be little blighters out there – monsters of all ages and sizes! Well, they won’t be welcome here, not this year.” He crossed his arms. 
Not that the children would call on Owen, or Odd Owen, as they liked to chant when they saw him walking in the street. Even before his wife had left, taking their children with her, the whole neighbourhood had found him weird.
“You want to stay away from that one, children,” he’d overheard one of the teachers at the elementary school say. “He keeps bizarre science experiments locked in his basement!”
“What type of experiments, miss?” an overexcited girl had asked. 
“Creepy, ghoulish ones,” a boy had answered, making scary noises and sticking his stiff, crooked fingers in her face, causing her to shriek and hide behind her teacher’s legs.
Owen had tutted, shook his head and moved on without saying a word.
The science aspect was true, as it was his forty-hours-a-week day job, but on the weekend and in his spare time, he was a have-a-go inventor. He was a creator of the weird and wonderful, but not of things that would eat little children or hack up the neighbour’s cat, even though he was perceived that way.
In a nutshell, he’d been cast as the village idiot. Nobody got him, not even his own family 
The constant banging, thumping, drilling, screwing, welding, sawing and crazy ideas, as well as toasters that set fire to his wife’s prized curtains, were only a part of the final straw that broke the camel’s back. When the children asked for pets, he made them: robot cats, dogs, hamsters and a parrot. The hamsters ate the children’s homework, the dogs attacked the postman, the cats defecated grease-covered nuts and bolts and the parrot had a nasty habit of spitting blue sparks of electricity, frying everything and anything in its path, including his wife’s expensive shoes and handbags.
Putting down the robotic abominations hadn’t been enough.
“You’re not Thomas fucking Edison!” his wife, Cynthia, had screamed. “Stick to the day job, you dippy, daydreaming bastard.”
“But one day I may invent something the world can use,” he’d argued back. “I have to keep trying.”
“Owen, you have a job – concentrate on that. You’ve already been warned by your boss that you’re slacking!”
He’d tried to focus on it, God only knows how hard, but his mind was a constant twirling, swirling mass of ideas that needed to be put into action. His weekends became swallowed, his family and date nights lost, as he started a new project.
“What the hell have you done to your car, Owen?” Her face turned red, the veins in her neck protruding. 
“It’s a prototype,” he’d answered in a blasé way. “Wait until the Hollywood stars and aging rock ‘n’ rollers get a load of my Mobile Fortress. They’ll be queuing up to throw their money at it.”
“When you smile like that, you look like a mad scientist. It’s scary, and I can’t take this shit any longer – it’s your barmy ways or me and the kids.” 
He hadn’t heard her. He was too busy staring out the window, his eyes glazed over as he looked lovingly at his Ford Fiesta. It was still the same car underneath, but with a lot of modifications. All the glass and Perspex encasing the lights had been replaced with bullet-proof glass and enveloped in mesh wiring, the body reinforced, the tyres covered with sheets of metal, the passenger seat removed, the rear ones lowered and turned into a sleeping/bunking area. Blind curtains had been installed over the windows, the doors welded shut (except for the driver’s), the petrol tank fitted with a metal lattice to stop it from being tampered with or pried open, a bull-bar complete with winch attached to the front and a bubble with a hatch built into the roof. 
Also, a few additions had been made on the inside: ports to plug in his phone and laptop had been fitted (which ran off the car’s upgraded battery, allowing for longer use), and a kettle, toaster and mini DVD player/TV had been put in. 
“She’s not quite there yet, but soon…” he’d responded, his words trailing off as he slipped further into his trance-like state. 
“Ugh!” Cynthia screamed, picking up a few plates and smashing them on the floor. “You’ll amount to nothing, mark my words.”
“I’m off outside to work on her.” Completely blanking her outburst, he walked away and trudged through the tiny particles of annihilated china.  
“You act as though these stupid inventions are going to save the human race!”
The following day, Cynthia left him whilst he’d been in his boss’ office, getting the sack for taking time off during a busy period. 
“But I’m close to unveiling a revolutionary—”
“Enough, Owen!” his boss snapped, slamming his fists against his desk. “I’m sick of hearing about your crackpot schemes and dreams. Well, now you’ll have enough time to work on your Lego-built ventures. Get out.” 
It pretty much went through one ear and out the other. Owen wasn’t concerned or upset, not even when he returned home to a note from his wife. 
By the time you read this, it read, the kids and I will be long gone. Don’t try to find us. PS.  I took half our savings. Bye!
He let the note flutter to the floor as he walked out to his garage to work on his Mobile Fortress. 
“You were only holding me back.” His words were undecipherable grumbles. “Much like my job was.” 
Two weeks later his power, gas and water were cut off – a notice of eviction was placed through his letterbox. Owen didn’t care one iota; he was through playing by the rules. 
“I’m going to jump in my baby and live off the grid!” 
A few days before they turned up to evict him, Owen sold everything he could and drained his bank accounts. The only possessions he kept were blankets, pillows, a scant amount of books, CDs and DVDs, some kitchen utensils and clothes. After transferring everything into his Mobile Fortress, he pulled off the drive and parked in the street’s hammerhead. 
He put his fingers back to the blinds and parted them. The street was still devoid of children. Looking over his shoulder, he saw it was just past seven by the clock mounted on the dashboard. 
“A little early yet, I guess.” He gazed out his window and spotted his old neighbour, Mr. Summers, who he’d never seen eye-to-eye with, especially after he’d fixed the man’s mower, which had then malfunctioned and blown his shed up. 
Their eyes met, neither man looking away. 
“We all know you’re fucking Cindy Stomers down in number thirty-three, Vik,” Owen whispered, fogging the glass in front of him. Then he saw Ms. Dudley leave her house to take her dog for a walk. “And we know you poisoned your husband, bitch.”
Out of the shadows jogged Mr. Griffin. 
“Another one with a secret. And you lot think I’m odd? Mr. Griffin, the man who’s been sucking off the tranny queen at the end of the street behind his husband’s back. Tut-tut.”  
When his kettle came to a boil, he let the blinds go and turned to more pressing matters. On the front seat of his Mobile Fortress was his mug and open tool box; the panel under the dashboard on the passenger’s side was pulled open. 
“Now, let’s get that wiring sorted once and for all.” He lifted the kettle and poured the water over his tea bag. As it brewed, he took a screwdriver from his kit and set to work on trying to fix the electronics which were playing havoc with his laptop. 
Maybe it’s the connector I put on the computer’s adapter? he mused, his face lost amongst a tangle of wires and fuses. 
Ten minutes later, frustrated and sweating, Owen gave up. He threw his tool back into the metal box, grabbed his mug, disposed of the teabag and drank. As he did so, he looked about with a smile on his face. Most of the interior’s furnishings had been bought online, such as the cushions lining the sides of the bunk area – it reminded him of a layout found in a caravan’s bedroom or lounge. The blinds, although cheap, kept the inside dark; if it weren’t for the light fixtures he’d attached to either side of the roof, which gave off a cheery glow, he wouldn’t be able to see anything.
Over the days he lived in his Mobile Fortress, Owen had developed additional touches: shelves, hidey-holes for keepsakes and new carpet. 
When the weather comes, I’ll give her a spray job and replace a couple of the panels, he thought, blowing on his already cold tea. I should try and—   
Hard thumps to the back window broke his chain of thought. His forehead furrowed, his eyes narrowed. Pushing his glasses back up the bridge of his nose, Owen held his breath and remained still. His ears pricked. 
Thump, thump, thump… Three more welts. This time it came from his left. 
Sounds like something striking the bod—
The door handle rattled; the Fort shook gently on its chassis. 
His heart rate increased. Sweat broke across his brow.   
Don’t be absurd, he thought. It’s safe in here. 
He raised a hand and slowly reached for the blinds on the rear right passenger window. Before he could part them, however, he heard a chorus of children’s voices.
“Poke your head out, freak!” one yelled. 
“Odd Owen, Odd Owen, Odd Owen!” bellowed a second. 
“My dad says you best move this heap of shit, or he’s going to do it for you!” blasted a third. 
“You’re not welcome here any longer, douchebag!” a fourth joined in. 
Owen parted his blinds, yelled, and fell back against the console, knocking the radio on. 
“Happy Halloween!” screamed a rock DJ. “Time for a bit of Alice Cooper on this, the most frightful night of the year, kids. Aaaaooooowww!” he howled like a wolf. 
Pressed against the glass had been a masked face depicting Frankenstein’s monster; a ghostly one had floated behind it. 
Pushing himself up into a sitting position, Owen moved to the rear of his vehicle and looked out the back window. Two children: one wearing a Gene Simmons Kiss mask, the other sporting werewolf fur. 
“Little bastards! Get out of here, or I’m calling the—”   
Rotten eggs thundered and exploded against the window. “I’ve told you once, you’re not welcome here. We’re going to make your life a living misery until you piss off!” Gene Simmons told Owen. 
“I’ll do as I please,” Owen argued, eyeing the children. Judging by their size, he guessed they were teenagers. Banging from the front of his car detracted his attention, but he didn’t move from where he was. “You won’t get—” He saw that Simmons and Werewolf were holding crowbars. 
They mean to harm me?! 
“Going to kick your fucking teeth in!” Werewolf said, showing off his mind-reading skills. 
The Fortress rocked as it was hammered and shunted. 
Over the shoulders of Simmons and Werewolf, Owen saw some of his ex-neighbours standing on their doorsteps; a few of them pointed and laughed. 
Now that they were out of eggs, the flour came next, followed by toilet paper rolls. 
The sound of metal on metal assaulted his ears; someone was trying to jimmy the driver’s door. 
“Stop that!” Owen let go of the blinds and snatched up the wrench from inside his toolbox. His eyes fell on the keys in the ignition. 
Start her up – that’ll scare the little fuckers off, he thought. 
“Can you get a hand under there?” he heard one of the youths ask. “You can? Great. Stab his fucking tyres. This prick’s getting it tonight.”
“Best of luck, shitheads,” Owen whispered, getting into the driver’s seat and buckling up. Even though the tyres were covered by metal sheets, enough of a gap had been left so the vehicle could manoeuvre over speed bumps in the road. However, Owen had invested in durable rubber to fit to his wheels, which couldn’t be easily punctured or ripped apart. 
Lifting the blind on the driver’s side window and securing it into place, Owen looked in the wing mirror. The wind had picked up and the sky had darkened further, but the shadows cast by the various lights helped him see what was going on. 
In the whirlwind’s eye of leaves and debris, Owen spotted little trick ‘r treaters in their droves; most were being escorted by larger figures, who he guessed were older siblings or parents. Some of his ex-neighbours were screaming in mock, blood-curdling terror. 
A brief smiled danced across his face before his wing mirror was smashed off – bits of wires poked from the plastic stump.  
His mouth formed a perfect O. “You fuck—”  
“Davey, help!” a youth screamed from behind. 
Owen’s gaze lifted to the rear-view mirror. Through a crack in the blinds, he saw a bigger child, more like a man, dressed as a zombie and attacking Simmons. More followed, until the four boys and the Mobile Fortress were enveloped. 
“What. The. Hell?!” Owen said. His grip on the steering wheel became so ferocious, his knuckles turned white. 
The groans and moans coming from around him were almost deafening. 
He thought it was some kind of Halloween prank, until Simmons’ blood suddenly squirted up the back window, followed by Werewolf’s. 
“Argh!” Their screams became shrieks.  
Eyeballs were savagely ripped from sockets, tongues were wrenched from yanked-open mouths, and guts were pulled out in great big bleeding batches.  
Owen started to whimper, and it took all his will not to piss his pants. His hand fumbled for the keys in the ignition, but a gathering of putrefied flesh pounding at his window caused him to jump out of his seat and into the back.
He wanted to lower the blind but was too scared to move. Gobs of decomposed skin clung to the glass from where it had pulled free from their fists and arms as they hammered away; the echoes thundered in his ears. 
“What’s going on?” His voice was barely audible over the drone of the dead. He brought his knees up to his chin and rocked back and forth. 
“We interrupt this programme due to an important break in the news…” a broadcaster came over the radio, cutting off the rock DJ and his ‘noise’. “…reports of roving gangs of thugs and looters within the city and surrounding areas are flooding in. Police have no idea how or why this is happening, but are taking every measure possible to bring these spontaneous attacks under control, as local hospitals fill up. It’s also been reported that the fire service has been stretched to its limits due to a number of blazes cutting destructive paths through the city. People are advised to stay indoors and not to open up for anyone, be it friend, family or neighbour…”
Over the sound of the radio, un-dead and their slurpy-sucky eating sounds, Owen picked up on a woman screaming for help. Forcefully, he moved from his frozen spot and peeped out the back. 
A gasp caught in his throat when he saw a dozen or more rotting faces mashed against the glass – maggots rolled off their disintegrating heads. Beasties of all shapes, sizes and descriptions wormed out of their mouths and tumbled free from empty eye sockets.
Owen’s gaze fell on one set of ravaged cheeks – through the cavity he could see the zombie’s tongue was nothing more than a worn-down stump, its teeth bent, broken and brown. When it opened its mouth to snarl, a fat rat could be seen nesting inside, its equally plump tail dangling out of the zombie’s wasted chops. 
Hot, burning spew raced up his throat, forcing him to clamp a hand over his gob and swallow the lava-like liquid. Tears stung his eyes. He shook his head to ease the feeling of nausea, but out it came when he saw a female zombie rip through Simmons’ jeans and tear the dead teen’s bollocks off and ram them into her mouth. 
Owen watched on, convulsing and draining his guts of liquid, as the balls popped like grapes in the seemingly robust jaw, spitting yellow-red fluids; it reminded him of a certain sweet bursting apart.  
And then, for the first time, he noticed the dead’s stench seeping through the open vents, encircling him and adding to his sickness. 
When he finally had control over his flip-flopping guts, Owen peered over the shoulders of the crowd and saw the ‘tranny queen’ running in his direction. 
“Owen!” she screamed. In one hand she held a dustbin lid; in the other, the handle of a broom. He watched as she fought, ducked, dipped, weaved, dived and rolled her way through the zombies until she was close enough for him to see her erect nipples poking through her top. Her jogging gear, complete with yoga trousers of psychedelic colours and sweat band, was plastered in dripping gore. 
Even though the people in the street had all given him black looks and the cold shoulder, she, Samantha, had been the only one to give him the time of day. In an odd way, he’d felt a connection with her. Just like Owen, she was an odd-one-out – a weird shaped block that didn’t fit the standard slots. 
A bit like the boy at the end of the street who can’t stop wanking and shitting his trousers, he thought. 
“Owen, please!” Samantha cried. “Help!”
“I could be the hero, this time…” His eyes fell on the wrench he’d dropped.  “I can see the headlines now – ‘Bonkers Bell Wannabe Bags Trans and Saves Planet Earth’.” His hand enclosed around the tool with gusto. “I’m a-coming, you glorious he-she!”
Screaming like a banshee, Owen got to his feet, opened the turret and popped his body through it. “Come on! This side’s pretty clear,” he yelled over the groans and indicated the passenger’s side.
“Argh-uch!”  a zombie screeched as it scrambled up onto the roof and lunged at Owen.
He saw the attack coming in his peripheral vision. Turning, he swung the wrench like a golf club and smashed the monster’s jaw clean off its hinges. He then swept it back the other way and caved the cadaver’s skull in, killing it outright – blood, brain and bone matter spewed, flew and spun into the autumn night.
But he didn’t stop there, as more of them scrambled up the Fortress. 
“Eat it, bastards.” He clubbed skull after skull – blood washed up his face and arms, and gelled his hair.
Samantha got closer to the vehicle and smashed in the faces of the dead with her dustbin lid, which was fast becoming crumpled.
“Give me your hand,” he called down to her. 
When she thrust her arm out into the air, he grabbed it and hoisted her up and out of danger. After they dropped inside, he quickly closed and sealed the hatch and turned to her. Samantha’s hair was a windswept mess, partly covering her thin lips and flushed cheeks. She was breathing hard; his attention was drawn to her flat stomach and strong thighs. 
A bulge developed in her crotch as she thanked him. “I guess you’re my white knight, Owen,” she panted, a giggle escaping her. “What happened here?”
“Why I’m living in a converted…?” he trailed off, realising she meant the horror around them. Heat burned his cheeks. 
She smiled. “You can tell me that story later. Unlike the rest of the pricks around here, I don’t tend to listen to the street’s gossip.” She winked. 
He had the urge to go to her; to sweep her up in his arms and take her. To claim his prize.  
The jackpot has been struck. Keerrching! No, I must be a gentleman about this. What would a real hero do?   
“Get us the fuck out of here, that’s what,” he said, jumping into the driver’s seat and starting the engine. 
The Fortress kicked to life, the enhanced engine growling like a half-starved lion. He put the Ford into first gear and used the bull-bar to ram his way through the gathered pack of zombies at the front. He heard heads, limbs and guts squish, crunch and obliterate under his mighty wheels. 
“What?” she asked. 
With all the cheese he could muster after hitting play on the CD player, Owen answered, “Nothing, sugar. You just sit tight whilst Batman here gets us out of this shit and to safety.”
Then the hatch popped open and a zombie fell inside. 
“Fuck!” Owen got out of his seat, resealed the hatch and was about to deal with the zombie when he was stopped in his tracks by Samantha’s actions. She whipped her trousers down and her ‘cock’ sprang to action. She grabbed it and rammed the black, twelve inch strap-on through the eyeball of the naked male un-dead that was level with her privates.
Owen couldn’t help but snatch a glance at her shaved pussy before she ripped her trousers back up. 
“I—I thought—”
“I was a man, Owen? Everybody does. It’s how Griffin wanted it – he didn’t want people knowing he loved the fanny, and not the cock. It was a smokescreen,” she said, smiling. “Now, get us the fuck out of here.” 
After dealing with the body, Owen drove down the street with Roy Orbison blasting from his speakers. Decomposed bodies fragmented into clouds of red mist as he smashed through the dead at great speed, stopping for nothing. 
He had a race, planet and prime minister to save. 
Not to mention my next smokin’ hot wife, he thought, eyeing the luscious Samantha in the rear-view mirror. 
A smirk slipped across his face as he fixed his gaze on the road again. See, Cynthia – I will amount to something!
PAYING WITH THE DEVIL
BY
MARK KIRKBRIDE

“Debs, Debs!” Gavin cried. “She's back.”
“What?” Deborah leaned against the front door. It clicked shut. “Who?”
“Nan.” 	
Deborah sighed as she deposited her handbag on the stairs while she took off her coat and smoothed down her Joules dress. “You haven’t been listening to that old voicemail again, have you? You know how much it upsets you. You sure all this leave is even a good idea?”
“No, no, I…”
She hung up her coat, turned back to him. “One of those real-seeming dreams?”
He shook his head. “No, no, listen. When Mum and Dad died, Nan was my world. I know she was in her late nineties and couldn’t go on forever but I wasn’t prepared for it. Couldn’t accept it. I’d have given anything to bring her back. Anything. You know that.”
She did. It scared her. He didn’t sleep, at least, not at night. When she’d got up that morning, he’d rolled from side to side with a pillow wrapped around his head.
She slid her hands up over the front of his shirt. “Love, love, I know all this. But she can’t possibly be back.” She gripped and massaged his shoulders. “We watched her die, remember?”
She could still see his grandmother propped up in her bed in the hospice, inhaling, exhaling, inhaling, exhaling, not; a terrible stillness that went on and on and on.
Knowing his strange enthusiasms, his staunch love, she swallowed as she took Gavin’s hand and led him through to the ground-floor bedroom that had once been their garage. “Look.” His grandmother’s dark mahogany furniture occupied its familiar positions. The bed remained unoccupied. “See? It was a dream. A cruel, lovely dream.”
Gavin stared at the brown carpet. “Debby, you won’t be upset, will you?”
Deborah’s head wobbled.
Crossing and uncrossing and re-crossing her feet, she rested a hand on the dressing table beside a hairbrush that still had white hair in it as if used that very day. “Upset about what?” He twisted to the side. She bent that way. He twisted the other way. She straightened. “Gavin, upset about what?”
He grabbed her hand. “Come and see.”
She leaned back. Her heels dug into the carpet.
“Death is the real diabolical magic.” He said, tugging. “Someone you loved and looked up to is there one minute, gone the next, and you can’t find them, the real them, anywhere.” They turned into the lounge. “I mean, what could be more natural than life? More life.”
Deborah noticed the Zimmer frame. Why was that back out?
Her heart thudded when she spotted a white-haired head against the armchair’s antimacassar at the far end of the room. It can’t be...
She leaned back further. He pulled harder.
He dragged her round to the front of the chair. No... No, no, no. His grandmother, the woman they’d buried a week earlier, sat as she always had at this time of day, in a cream silk blouse, black pleated skirt and black Clarks loafers, hair immaculate, a sherry at her side, eyes riveted on the TV. “Gavin… Gavin, what have you done?”
“Ssh, she’s watching her favorite program.”
Debby looked up to see The Chase with subtitles on.
“Oh, what have you done? Gavin, what have you done?
He spread his hands out. “I was praying. Only after a while I realized, it wasn’t to God.”  

The light blazed above them as she sat clutching her knees at the end of the bed. “Oh, Gavin, how could you?”
“Relax.”
She threw her hands in the air. “Relax? Your nan’s back from the dead downstairs. How can I possibly relax?”
He came and stood in front of her, placed his hands on her shoulders. “Listen, everything’s back to how it was, how it should be. That’s what matters.”
She stared up at him. “You did some kind of deal that you shouldn’t have, didn’t you?
He stretched. “Seriously, stop worrying. It’s like a loan I never have to pay back.”
“What do you mean never?”
“Well, payment only becomes due when heaven is hell and hell is heaven.” He beamed, as if unable to believe his luck. “I mean, when’s that ever gonna happen?”
She cocked her head. “And the payment?”
He glanced at the glossy black window. “I told you, irrelevant.”
“Gavin, what do you owe in return?”
He took her hands. “Debby, is it really so wrong to love someone and want them back?” Slowly, he bent to kiss her. “I’d do exactly the same for you, you know.”


On Sunday she woke up late, alone, and went downstairs to find him on the sofa with his elbows on his knees, leaning over the coffee table at right angles to his grandmother.
“You need the corner pieces first, Nan. The ones that are flat on two sides. Look, here’s one.” He sat upright. “Oh, hello, love. I’m helping Nan.”
Deborah smiled.
He just looked and sounded so happy, how could she begrudge him wanting to hold on to his grandmother with a love so strong and pure?
“Hello, Nan.” In her dressing gown, Deborah passed out of the back door into low, lateral sunshine.
Maybe he was right. Maybe they’d got away with it.
“Hello, Debby.”
Deborah jumped and turned to see a face overtopping the garden fence. “Oh, Kim, hi.” A redness to the eyes and little tremors under the skin betrayed the smile. “Everything alright?”
“Not really. Jinx has gone missing. Since Tuesday. We’ve put up posters and everything. You haven’t seen him, have you?”
“No, none of us have.”
“None of you?”
Deborah scratched her forehead. “Neither. Neither of us have. I really hope he turns up.”
Kim shook a strand of hair out of her face. “Sorry, I know you’ve had a much worse loss to deal with but to little Nicky… Well, it’s his first time. You know.”
Deborah nodded. Now that she thought about it, she had heard a lot of crying lately.
A hand waved over the fence as Kim turned away. “Bye, Debby. See you soon.”
“Yes, bye.”
Deborah swiveled in her slippers and hastened back inside. “Gavin. Gavin, you don’t know anything about next door’s cat, do you?”


Life went on, as it always does. She even forgot, most of the time, that Nan had ever, temporarily, left them. They just had to remember to keep her hidden from the neighbors.
Did she believe Gavin’s denials about the missing cat? She wanted to but each time she saw Jinx’s photocopied mugshot on a tree, she couldn’t meet those large green eyes.
Day by day, the crying from next door lessened in intensity, and stopped altogether the following week when Kim and Joe gave up the search and got a new cat, Izzy.
Deborah gradually put fears of Gavin’s possible involvement in a cat-napping, and worse, behind her. If guilty, he’d done a terrible thing. Yet if that was all he’d done, maybe they’d survived unscathed.
Well, everyone except for Jinx.


The following Wednesday, they got home late from work because they’d bumped into a couple they knew and had gone for a drink, which meant getting home late, which meant eating late. They’d barely sat down to relax before it was time to get ready for bed.
They helped Nan up from her seat in the living room and supported her, one on each side, while she steadied herself against her walker. Then doorbell rang.
“Who the hell’s this at this time?” She patted Nan on the shoulder. “Sorry, Nan.”
Gavin let go of his grandmother but hovered at her elbow.
Deborah kept an eye on the old woman’s shuffling feet. “Want me to get it?”
“Leave it.” He said.
Deborah looked up. “What? I can manage if you want to go.”
He pointed at his Nan. “We can’t. We don’t know who it is.”
Deborah smiled at him with the bottom half of her face, frowned with the top half. “Well, we won’t if we don’t answer it.”
“I’m not letting anyone take her.” He got out before she’d even finished.
She blinked. “What?”
His face twisted into a grimace. “You-You think the neighbors won’t alert the authorities?” He shook. “Or, or, or the papers?
“Okay, okay, calm down. We won’t get it.”
She didn’t think any more about his reaction to the doorbell till a week and a half later.


The following Saturday, she and Gavin sat down with a 12-inch pizza in front of the television to watch a DVD of the latest Charlie Kaufman film. Nan occupied her usual armchair.
Tap, tap, tap, at the rear window.
Having just picked up a slice, Deborah placed it back on her plate. “What’s that?”
Gavin wafted a hand. “Oh, probably just twigs. Ignore it.”
Air roared as in a wind tunnel.
She peered out at bright sunshine, floaty clouds. “I can’t see any wind.”
The roaring altered in pitch.
“Either that or a plane going overhead.”
A detonation made them clap their hands over their ears.
Even Nan jumped.
“What was that?” shouted Deborah.
Another one rattled the house as if in surround sound.
Smoke drifted past the window.
Next door, Kim and Joe and a few of their friends carried on with a barbecue.
Leaping up and beetling over to the back door, Poppy grabbed the handle. It wouldn’t open.
She tried the window. Stuck.
Gavin stood up slowly. “It’s alright. He can’t do anything.” Head down, he spoke very quietly. “I did what he wanted.”
Growing louder and louder, the neighbors’ chatter and laughter nearly drowned him out.
She swung round. “It was you, wasn’t it?”
Gavin looked up. “What?”
“Jinx.”
He fitted the fingers of his hands together in different combinations. “I needed a propitiatory offering, to placate –”
“Don’t say his name!”
Another detonation rocked the house. She clutched the sideboard as the fabric of the building creaked and groaned.
Now everything vibrated to a hum. Nan’s carriage clock slid along the mantelpiece, turning as it went.
It smashed into the granite hearth. Nan flinched.
Gavin held his hands out. “It’s alright. We’re safe. Till heaven and hell swap places, remember?”
The room listed. Deborah leaned the opposite way. It was like the deck of a ship slowly capsizing, the room kept on going.
Upper leg bending, bending, leaning further and further, she glanced out at the neighbors, the ones that she could see, standing upright, milling around, and her mind tipped over along with Nan’s standard lamp.
Facing down the slope, the bookshelf began to shed its books in ones and twos and threes, before the whole thing crashed to the floor. A candlestick dropped and rolled towards her.
She jumped over a brass vase, dodged a lamp.
The sofa squeaked and the squeaking got louder and louder and quicker and quicker as it careered down the room until it slammed into the wall.
She and Gavin leaned as if into a headwind, at exactly the same angle, but there came a point when they slipped and lurched and staggered backwards.
“Nan,” he cried, sprinting up the incline to try and get to her.
Just a few feet from the rear of her armchair, he pitched to his knees and scrabbled at the carpet as it steepened further.
Deborah didn’t drop to her hands and knees. The floor came up to meet them.
The sideboard scraped its way past her.
Gavin knelt with his hands raised, ready to catch Nan’s chair, not that he would be able to. The floor continued to tilt. Deborah flattened onto her front to gain a few extra seconds’ purchase. She yelped as the carpet rubbed her up the wrong way. Her heels knocked against the skirting board. When she looked up, Gavin rolled, tumbled, righted himself and slid on his bottom down the room.
The TV unplugged itself and overtook him yet Nan’s armchair remained fixed to the carpet. Gavin stood up at the last second and stepped from floor to wall. Deborah pushed off from the carpet and made the short crossing from one plane to another. Now at the base of the up-ended room, the front window separated them. They’d need a ladder to reach Nan.
“What the hell’s going on?” screamed Deborah, finding her voice again as objects blurred by.
They pelted the wall.
“Look out!” Gavin cried as a clock flew straight past her head.
Having been caught by Nan’s sofa, the coffee table now toppled over the edge and plunged down the room. It smashed through the window. Air rushed up from the hole as the empty street yawned at their feet. Leaning over with her hands gripping her knees, Deborah glimpsed a car drive by. She stood up, swaying, as the bookshelf streaked past without crashing. It had gone through. The weight she put on each foot evened out. The wall had come level. Leaning back, they looked up. The room had cleared itself. All they could see of Nan was the back of her head in the armchair.
“No, no, no,” cried Gavin, as the room kept on turning, threatening to tip Nan backwards off her chair right over the rectangular hole left by the window.
The sofa stood on its end behind him. He pulled the three-seater over, it thudded onto its base and hung over the edge, teetering. Furniture and belongings now crashed onto the ceiling in successive waves. As if on a giant slow hamster wheel, Deborah jumped from wall to ceiling. Peering up the lessening incline, she saw Nan still sat in her chair at the other end of the room, upside down.
Gavin made repeated attempts to run up the ceiling and got a little further each time.
Eventually he made it past the light fitting rolling around at the end of its short flex and up to, or under, Nan. He jumped, trying to reach her, but couldn’t. Nan sat with her arms on the sides of the armchair, looking around. Some of the pictures on the side walls were still up. They’d merely rotated around their hooks.
Deborah joined him and glanced out at the barbecue still going on in the same plane as Nan, with even more laughter and squeals than before. At the other end of the room, outside the smashed window, the wind howled. They could hear tiles being ripped from the roof as from the underside of a Space Shuttle at re-entry. Finally, the house stopped turning.
“Nan?” Gavin called.
“It’s alright. It’s okay.” Deborah spoke more out of amazement than anything else.
He shook his head. “No. No, it’s not. You don’t understand.”
“What?”
The doorbell rang.
It echoed throughout the upturned house.
She stared at him. Someone at the – ?
He started to turn.
She clutched his arm. “No, don’t answer it.”
“I’m sorry.” He leaned towards her, kissed her. “I’m really, really sorry.”
“No, no, come back. Gavin.”
He strode towards the lounge door as she ran after him. “No, don’t. Gavin, please.”
He stepped out into the hallway. “I have to.”
She hitched up her dress to straddle the lintel. He got to the front door. She ran towards him. He opened the door, stepped out.
“No!” She shouted.
He no sooner screamed than it receded. She got to the front door, leaned out over the lintel and peered down. Gavin twirled end over end, getting further and further away. Yet it was as if a piece of elastic joined him to her and stretched longer and longer. As he merged with the bottomless sky, it tore at the integument of her chest and ripped a cry out of her. She pulled her head back in, turned and snot exploded from her nose in a sob as she collapsed to the ceiling, which immediately fell away from her.
“Ugh.” The impact with the floor no match for the rupture inside her, she raised herself off the carpet, ran outside and, standing on a wobbly paving slab, stared up.
Something furry rubbed her ankle and when she looked down, the next door neighbor’s new cat, Izzy, figure-eighted around and between her legs with its head back, eyes closed.
THE VEGETARIANS
BY
TOM OVER

By the time he arrived at the window the attack had already begun. The afternoon sunlight gave the scene a frighteningly surreal quality, something he had grown familiar with lately but never accustomed to. With a listless, drug-numb curiosity he watched as two people savagely mauled a third. The unfortunate appeared to be a young man in his twenties while his tormentors were two women, one elderly and the other a teenager. Thankfully the double-glazed windows softened most of the screaming, but the sheer inhuman sound of it was enough to shake him to his core. Not even in the bleakest horror films had he heard screams like it, and he only hoped his girlfriend’s dozing had spared her from them. By now the women had disemboweled the man and during the frenzy had somehow managed to tangle his intestines around a nearby lamp post. Now the three of them, doused in blood and gore, engaged in what looked like a grotesquely laboured maypole dance. He had witnessed many of these slaughters in recent weeks and, as with the most repellent of horror films, often found it difficult to look away. Filled with sickening guilt he reached to draw the curtains just as more screeching attackers flocked to the carnage.
Despairingly, he turned and limped out of the bedroom. As he passed the closed door of the bathroom he felt the usual draft come from under the door. His girlfriend was in the living room asleep in her bathrobe on the couch, surrounded by her anatomy books. She had been a third year medical student at the city’s university before everything happened. She would’ve been well on her way to a successful career too if the world hadn’t suddenly disintegrated around her. Around them both. She had been one of the lucky ones though, managing to escape the annihilation not only with her life but with a cache of vital life-sustaining supplies.
The first wave of attacks had happened during one of her lectures on an otherwise ordinary Monday morning, a day on which he had been working from home. Some fringe websites had started reporting on strange collective behaviours across the city but nobody really took any notice. The Sunday evening before her class news of a violent death at an A&E down the road from the campus had spread throughout the student body. A cocktail of anxiety and awkward humour had permeated the hallways that morning as she arrived on site.
The lecture started off just like any other, but nobody there could have anticipated how it would end. Some of the friends she was sitting beside and whom she had known for years were no longer living by the time that hour was up. Some kind of unfathomable instinct got her out of that room, out of that building, and back to her car with a medical kit full of critical drugs and treatments. It was that split second decision-making that was the sole reason they were still alive.
As she slumbered it always struck him how peaceful and delicate she looked, despite the unremitting chaos that surrounded her. But she was anything but delicate. The way she fought to stay alive and made it home that terrible morning was a display of courage unlike any he could imagine. For that alone his love was deeper than it ever had been. As he knelt down and curled an errant strand of hair behind her ear he noted that she looked almost like she was hibernating. A protective dreamless torpor she could shelter inside of until all this was past.
He winced as he rose again to his feet, scratching absently at his bandaged arms until he remembered not to. None of the clocks now worked but despite the hushed timelessness a faint gnawing in his stomach told him it was nearing dinnertime. The sensation was like a distant cousin of hunger, the morphine haze making it both familiar and estranged, as if the feeling belonged to somebody else. He made his way to the bathroom and opened the door. The anticipated rush of cold air jarred him as it always did.
Their bathroom was no longer tethered to what once characterized it. Things happened in here now that never used to, and the things that did seemed like they had barely been part of any tangible routine. Shuddering against the breeze he heaved one of the coal bags over the fire pit and emptied a layer into the concave hollow. Spreading out the coal evenly he ignited the rubble with some firelighters and a match. Eventually satisfied with his work, he reached for the cooking grill and fixed it over the pit. Then he lifted the terracotta pot off the floor by its makeshift handle and lowered it on top of the grill to warm. He had seen this as a method of high-temperature cooking on YouTube once, when YouTube was still a thing in the world.
Welcoming the growing heat of the fire he rubbed a little warmth back into his hands. He sidestepped the slop bucket and moved over to where the gently billowing blanket acted as an improvised curtain. Whipping the blanket aside and securing it open he braced himself against the stark chill. The yawning windowless space was a voided portal onto the naked sky beyond it. He leaned against the crumbling brickwork and peered out of the ragged hole into the stillness of the afternoon. Nothing stirred outside but the bronze-yellow leaves that rustled on the nearby trees. No birds or birdsong. He couldn’t be sure whether they had all migrated somewhere safe or succumbed to the infection like the cats and dogs had.
A doleful sound caught his attention and he turned his gaze downward to look upon what he already knew to be there. One storey below, the trapped victim was all but motionless beneath the inert weight of the enormous window frame. Pinned to the concrete, the hopeless being would still claw and scrape at the ground with its one free arm. This more than a month after the rickety, single-glazed window was bashed out and had toppled squarely onto the prowler’s head. A small but amusing victory, not least thanks to their negligent landlord, how a pragmatic attempt to ventilate the room had resulted in a point for the human race. Now and then one of its demented brethren would approach to inspect the paralysed curiosity. None would attack it or in any way attempt to engineer a rescue. It was a curious spectacle at first to watch what its fellow murderers would do to it. But all of them did the same thing in the end – nothing. They would stand close by and stare for a while, waiting for some altruistic transmission to reach them from another life. Then something approximating boredom would come over their distorted faces and they would flee to some other place. As ribbons of smoke began to rise over his head and twirl out through the windowless opening he too grew weary, so left the creature to its static torment. Before leaving the room he lit all of the candles that were evenly positioned around the bathtub.
In the kitchen, by the dying golden light of the afternoon, he took out the items he needed from the cupboards and set about preparing dinner. Rolling up the sleeves of his bathrobe he combined flour, salt, sugar and a jar of foaming yeast in a large bowl; the yeast he had started to mix when he heard the outside commotion minutes earlier. He stirred the mixture until it was doughy and then tipped the dough onto the countertop to begin kneading.
Food had always been one of their shared passions. It was the reason behind how they initially met. One summer they were separately invited to a garden party by a couple they mutually knew. Both single at the time they attended with their respective friend groups, but it wasn’t long before one caught the other’s eye. Later that day as she navigated toward the toilets he intercepted her and made their collision seem accidental. She knew it hadn’t been and he knew that she knew. Their attraction was instant and in those moments the ease with which they spoke had not seemed to fit their newborn acquaintance. Work, fitness, music, books; an excitable flurry of topics jostled for attention. And of course, they talked food – their favourite places to eat, what they had indulged in that afternoon and, coincidentally, their decisions to have recently gone vegetarian. By the time they parted, the contacts in each of their phones had increased by one. As neither one of them had been particularly forward people it was difficult to focus on their plates after that. The butterflies each of them felt played havoc with their appetites and with every mouthful it was a fragment of their encounter that they swallowed.
Pulling and rolling the malleable ball he remained mindful of how much flour he used to dust it. After this one they had six packets of flour left, in total. That would probably make around twenty-five meals, thirty at a push, depending on how much they could skimp. One food rations a day for the next month. And after that, well, he could scarcely bring himself to think about it.
That was if the water lasted that long at any rate.
He cast an eye at the stockpile they had on the floor next to the wall. A random assortment of bottles and containers stood in rows three-deep from the skirting board. Some large, some small, together they resembled a sort of ramshackle plastic skyline. The two of them had hastily amassed these containers during that first wave of panic, the same day she had narrowly escaped her doomed university class. It was much later in the day, however, when the thought occurred to them to consider taking this measure. A frantic, tearful phone call from her immediately after her getaway had frightened the life out of him. He had then waited for her return, pacing the flat in a near-narcotized fugue of terror. Her last three words before she hung up echoed endlessly in his head: “Don’t…go…outside!”
Their embrace when she finally did arrive was as if a kidnapping had gotten between them. She wept for her friends and for their families and she didn’t know how to stop. He guided her trembling shoulders through to the lounge and they huddled on the sofa as she tried to breathe past her grief. Next thing they knew the television was on and they were transfixed by the rolling news of what was being inflicted upon the city. Two hours passed and their postures screamed at them to move but neither one could. The horrors coming through the screen seemed to be spreading; infecting more and more channels like the virus was with living bodies.
By the afternoon a blood-chilling pragmatism had gripped them and they were back in their car heading for the nearest supermarket. The threat and panic of being outside their apartment made them feel sick to their stomachs. The last thing they wanted to do was embark on a potentially lethal shopping trip, but the apocalyptic scenes they had witnessed on television told them they might never get another chance.
As they cautiously pulled into the supermarket car park nothing seemed particularly out of place. A handful of people were moving around a little more briskly than usual, as if trying to beat the store’s closing time, which was hours away. Aside from that vague urgency, everything appeared normal. Having parked up they grabbed a trolley and then warily approached the shopping centre entrance. Two burly police officers in yellow high-vis jackets stood either side of the sliding doors. The fluorescent sentries were making a cordial show of marshalling the unusual steady flow of shoppers. It seemed like the young couple hadn’t been the only ones to make this similar judgment and the local law enforcement had duly anticipated it. The crowd looked visibly anxious but despite some pockets of pushing and shoving the officers appeared to be doing a reasonable job of maintaining order.
Once inside, adrenaline powered the couple up and down their chosen aisles. During the car journey the two of them had agreed upon only the most practical, long-term selections. They made beelines for the dry-store goods – tins and jars of vegetables, as many as they could carry. Then flour, sauces, long life milk and hard cheese. Bathroom supplies were next. As they raced to the bottled water they swerved to narrowly miss a pregnant lady struggling with a bag of potatoes. He stopped momentarily to help her lift the heavy sack into her trolley and she thanked him with the warmth of her smile.
Moving around the shop floor they absently became aware of a change in the general atmosphere. Raised voices were getting louder as more people filed into the complex. The sound of glass objects smashing as they were knocked over slowly increased and with it the couple could detect a rise in the tense energy of the place. At one point they passed two elderly men in a tussle for the last loaf of bread, one of whom slipped and fell heavily onto his side. Somebody, a few aisles down, started screaming as if being attacked, a noise made all the more distressing against the genial supermarket music. Haunted by this the couple stepped up their pace further. As the shelves became more and more sparse they resorted to now grabbing whatever items were left on their way to the tills. The approaching and then receding cries of an unseen child created a disturbing Doppler effect as they hurried toward the front of the store.
Upon reaching the checkouts they discovered that most of the cashiers had fled, leaving one solitary floor manager to constrain as best he could the increasingly lawless customers. With nobody to serve their imposing number the people now began vaulting over the panel barricades with armfuls of shopping. Realising the level of pandemonium the pair threw caution to the wind and wove through a bottleneck of braying shoppers. With their trolley out in front they accelerated straight into a display stand of cosmetics and charged through the collapsing wreckage towards the exit.
With the police guards nowhere to be seen the relative tranquility outside the store felt somehow more threatening than the mayhem building inside it. They quickly assessed their surroundings and seeing no immediate danger made a break for the car. No sooner had they bolted when another deathly scream emanated from the supermarket.
Seconds later a barrage of shrieking shoppers came tumbling out of the store entrance, falling over each other to escape whatever was inside. Then the thing they were attempting to flee was suddenly upon them. A slobbering jerky shape exploded out into the open and ploughed straight through the scrambling crowd. She glanced behind her as they rapidly traversed the car park and caught sight of the rabid blur tearing the throat out of a man in overalls. Dark gouts of blood jetted across the windshield of a nearby van the man had been approaching. She gasped as hot tears smeared her eyes and shrieked at him to get the boot open.
People were now sprinting in all directions and it sounded as though the whole town was screaming. With numb shaking hands they hurled their goods into the back of the vehicle and pushed the trolley aside. By now the attacker was out of sight but constant guttural wailing told them it was dismembering someone close by. Once inside the car he gunned it and practically took off backwards out of the parking spot. As they careened towards the exit something caught their eye and they turned to see one of the police officers hunkered down over something on the ground. Relief swept over them as the car drew parallel and they realised it was the pregnant woman he was helping.
That feeling soon evaporated when her contorted, bloodied face came into view and they heard the woman’s harrowing cries. Spinning around in her car seat she saw out of the rear window a thing she would never be able to stop seeing. The policeman, deranged with infection, pulled the child from the guts of its mother and held it aloft. His yellow high-vis now awash with crimson, the uniformed creature studied its blood-slick possession at arm’s length. Like some luminous midwife from hell, or monstrous new father, full of equal parts awe and uncertainty.
He put his foot to the floor and they screeched out of the car park and away from the hellish scene forever. If she had been in shock then she never showed it, not least until much later. The things she witnessed that day would have consigned a lesser soul to a state of glass-eyed mutism for the rest of their lives. Instead of traumatic stress a piercing clarity again came over the couple and they suddenly knew what they had to do. Upon arriving home they unloaded their supplies into the apartment and made their way to the communal garden shed out back of the building. Nobody appeared to be around so they took this as an invitation to raid the place, stuffing whatever they considered useful into carrier bags: tools, containers, seeds, compost. Propping the bags up outside the shed they then re-entered to grab the thing they had come for – the fire pit. Once they had managed to carry it indoors they made several more trips to collect the bags, a column of nested terracotta pots and around half a dozen sacks of coal.
Once the items were safely inside their apartment they set about barricading themselves within it. Heavy articles of furniture got dragged up to the locked front door and jammed against it. Practically everything from the spare room was commandeered and wedged together to form a makeshift rampart which loomed almost to the ceiling. When they were done they stood back and examined the structure which kind of resembled a landslide of domestic appliances. As surreal a task as it had been they now at least felt some modicum of security. They spent the rest of the afternoon filling bottles and arranging the things they had gathered.
When evening came they found themselves exhausted and jittery, so they dosed up on Valium from the medical box. As night drew in they followed the unending horror news in bed with the perverse feeling that they were watching the end of the world. She drifted into a restless sleep so he stayed up alone, listening to the distant anonymous cries seeping up from within the building. They unnerved him deeply and made him feel as though he were spending the first night of many in prison.
As he finished up patting the dough into a smooth lozenge shape he heard the sound of a yawn coming from the lounge. Shuffling footfalls announced movement behind him and before long her bandaged arms were coiled around his middle in a gentle embrace. The familiar tang of her unwashed body reminded him of his own potent smell, an odour he could no longer detect.
“Whatcha doing?” She asked, yawning again.
He laughed through a weak sigh. “Guess.”
“Is it bath time already?” She said after a pause.
He felt her head rest sleepily on his shoulder. “That’s right, baby.”
The couple had rediscovered their taste for meat not long after the virus broke. That summer friends of theirs had left some chicken and pork in their fridge one day following a barbeque and had forgotten to take it with them. She had put it in their freezer for safe keeping but the occasion never arose to give it back so in their freezer it stayed. It took around eight days for the electricity and water to cut out entirely following the outbreak, by then they had long forgotten about their frozen meat stash. After a week of sharing one meagre veggie meal a day their physical strength diminished so much they found they could do little else other than sleep.
Around that time they eventually did find the leftover meat. It didn’t take them long to rethink their carnivorous abstinence. Almost immediately their energies returned and they could get back to cooking, playing board games and tending to their seed crops. It even boosted their libido and enabled them to enjoy intimate moments with some regularity. But of course, the nutritious scraps did not last long and they were soon faced with the same predicament as before.
Days after the meat ran out and they were back to lethargically napping throughout the day, something unexpected happened. One afternoon as they dozed in bed a heavy object hit their bedroom window and they scrambled up to where it was hung open. Before either of them could move the shape clambered noisily through the gap and jumped onto the bed. She let out a shriek and the cat darted away. Then another shape flapped against the window and clawed its way into the room. The snarling creature tumbled out of sight beyond the foot of the bed and the couple leapt to their feet in the opposite direction. They clung to each other in the centre of the room not knowing where to focus their attention. 
The feline spat and mewled loudly under the dresser. The thing on the other side of the bed was violently hissing, its breaths ragged and coarse like they belonged to something far larger. Something injured. Suddenly the unseen intruder exploded onto the bed in a hail of blood and filth and she screamed a second time. They both gawked powerlessly as the infected pigeon gurgled and staggered across the duvet, strings of pink mucus bubbling from its splintered beak. With each jerky motion it appeared to shed more of its gore-crusted feathers, the bones of its wings and rib cage already exposed like the skeletal remains of some undead pterodactyl.
Her look of terror spurred him to find a weapon as the beast lurched into a grotesquery of flight. He seized the bedside lamp just as it thrashed into the air coming directly at them. A detonation of vile plumage erupted when the heavy end of the lamp connected with the avian threat. The lamp’s plug was yanked from the wall as he followed the spinning raptor to the floor and pummeled it mercilessly into the carpet. When the screeching stopped the room resembled a snow globe of softly swirling blackened feathers.
The two of them peered under the dresser to see that the cat, although terrified, was healthy and free from infection. Under different circumstances they would’ve done the natural thing and let the animal go, this being the kind of people they were. Or the kind they had been. That was a little under three weeks ago. The cat meat lasted them four days.
He placed a tea towel over the dough ball to prove and turned to face her. In their bathrobes they caressed each other tenderly, like a carefree couple in love. One with a future together and dreams of pursuing it. They leaned against one another for support and hobbled steadily forward, towards the bathroom.
The now settled coals were gently smouldering and the heat from them emanated out of the blanket-framed window hole. The combined pools of candle light around the bathtub steeped that half of the room in a calming honey-coloured ambiance.
“Need any help, baby?”
“Just a moment.” She smiled and unfastened her robe. As it fell away from her he went to gather it up and then hung it on the back of the door. When he turned back around she stood facing him, waiting for his assistance to enter the bath. The sight he beheld was one that had increasingly shocked him in the early days, repulsed him even, often making him question his eligibility as a protective lover and a human being. But now, through his opioid fugue and all they had endured, he looked upon her with something approaching worship.
The flesh of her thighs was all but gone, the width at the top of each not much broader than at her knee. Rust-coloured recycled bandages swaddled the upper halves of her legs, glistening wetly in the candle light. Her hips and torso were equally ravaged, dark patchworks of musculature showing though more criss-crossed layers of sticky dressing. Higher up exposed ribs could be seen where the fat had been sliced away. His gaze ascending, he briefly regarded the knotty horizontal scars of her double mastectomy. Self-administered a week ago, the gnarled flesh shone purple and yellow around the heavy stitching. In some places the tissue was beginning to heal, in others it would split and weep continuously. 
He moved over to her and gently propped her up, careful not to graze against her bandaged forearms. Slowly manoeuvring her toward the bath he helped lift her legs over the side, taking her full weight as he lowered her into the empty tub. When she was comfortable he took the morphine syringe off a nearby tray and gave her a shot in the arm the way she had shown him. When she gave him indication that she was ready he picked up the scalpel, positioned it so that it was comfortable in his hand, and then pushed it into her bicep.
Later they dined as they always had; she laid the table while he finished up and then served the food. The wine had long run out so they had their customary three fingers of room-temperature water instead. Dinner was, as always, a beautifully cooked barbeque pizza. They had gained much practice in recent weeks. Toppings were in short supply but their strict portion regime allowed them a few jarred olives and grilled peppers. The meat which decorated the pizza looked and smelled delicious.
It wasn’t uncommon for the cooking aroma to waft out of the windows and attract one or two visitors to congregate outside. There they would crane their rotting leathery necks toward the smell and idly salivate as though the behaviour was born of appetite. On this occasion, like those others, the couple were serenaded by the mournful groans of a wandering creature that had followed what was left of its nose.
Drowsy from the morphine, they ate between smiles and small talk and wondered, as they always did, if there were others out there doing the same. Despite the drugs her arm felt sore, but it made her feel better when she would see him slip around his chair on the one remaining buttock he had left. It brought a smile to their lipless faces whenever it happened.

THE KEEPER OF THE DEAD
BY 
DON EVERETT SMITH JR.

There were two things in this world that Paul Geist wanted nothing to do with: his family and his debt. Right now, he was dealing with the latter.
“Look,” He shouted into the phone while sitting in his living room ignoring the notice on the table that said his rent was three months past due. “If I had the money, I'd...”
He sighed as he looked up at the framed posters of a local punk band signed by its members, and a local hockey team, also autographed. Each of their frames and glass were wiped down once a week. A depression began to grow as he wondered if he'd see either group play again. Meanwhile, the man on the other end of the line raised his voice to match his own.
“Sir,” Paul said standing up to pace on the tan carpet of his apartment. “Trust me! If I had it, I'd give it!” He screamed throwing his phone on the couch.
“Son of a bitch!” He mumbled as he looked over at the framed picture of an older woman with her hair dyed an unusual orange. Tia Miranda is what he called her. He picked up the picture making sure it was as clean as the two posters.
Tia Miranda had moved away to California, feeling the same as he did about the family. She had only taken the family Bible when she left Pennsylvania. Suddenly a realization hit him and he went to find his cell seeing it had powered off. Paul pressed the power button as panic filled him.
He walked over to a chair stacked with newspapers and old magazines he would eventually “read” scrolling through the contacts until he found Miranda's name and pressed it.
“You've reached Miranda Geist. I'll be out of the country on business until the 13th. Please leave a message.”
Paul cleared his throat. “Tia Miranda.” He said. “It's Paul. I...” his voice cracked. “I would love to talk sometime.” He knew he wasn't going to hear from his aunt anytime soon, the thirteenth was two weeks away. “Call me.”
Next time they'd talk, she'd listen and offer an encouraging word unlike Chubby Aunt Inverna who once said, “Sorry, Paul, your looks won't make you famous, better get a real job.” It was Miranda who told him, “You need to believe in yourself, precious. You can do anything.”
He set the phone gently down next to a late notice from his car insurance. He wiped a hand over his dusty table looking at the cobwebs hanging in every corner.
“When the hell was the last time I cleaned?”
It had been seven months since he lost his job in the mail room at the medical parts firm. His landlord plus two country sheriffs would soon be knocking on the door to say, “Leave!”
He looked over at the side table where Miranda’s picture stood and saw the gold watch that had belonged to his great-great-grandfather, Hiram. It hung on a cheap hook, under a dusty glass dome. He got up and wiped it off.
“I wonder if I can sell this?”
He found himself thinking about the Geists flashing back to his cousin, Nicholas, at a family reunion when Paul was eight years old.
“C'mon!” Nicholas said holding up a pair of real handcuffs. “Be cool!”
“No!” Paul said.
“If you do it, I'll tell you all about the Lost Gold of the Geist family!”
“Lost gold?” Paul asked.
He was wearing a green t-shirt of his favorite cosmic super hero, tan shorts and white sneakers. Nicholas was taller than him and wore a black t-shirt with blue jeans and black sneakers.
“Yeah!” He said. “His grandfather swindled it during the days of slaves.”
“Wow!”
“It was passed down to Hiram and Malcolm, our great-grandfathers!” Nicholas said, his blond hair hanging to one side of his head. He widened his eyes while his smile broadened. Nicholas even mentioned that Hiram and Malcolm added to the family’s wealth by runnin' moonshine, cheating businessmen, and the occasional murder. The problem, Nicholas explained, was that before Hiram could tell anyone where it was hidden he died of a stroke. Then Malcolm was shot by an unknown gunman, so for the following generations, the Lost Gold of the Geist Family went from fact, to legend, to fairy tale.        
“That is so cool!” Paul said.
“But you have to let me handcuff you to the fence.” He said with a wider grin.
Paul took in a breath and offered his hand. Nicholas closed one cuff around Paul’s wrist and the other to a chain link fence.
“Go ahead.” He said. “Try to break it!”
Paul pulled on it as Nicholas laughed loudly and pointed.
 “Hey, Greggie!” Nicholas called to their other cousin. “Look at this!”
Cousin Gregg was a tubby brown haired kid. He held a basketball coming over to laugh as well.
“Y'know what, Paul?” Nicholas said with a smile. “You're losing color.”
“Color?” Paul asked.
“You need more purple!” Nicholas said through laughter. “You need a purple-nurple!” Then, like an eagle swooping down on an unsuspecting brook trout, he grabbed Paul's nipples through his t-shirt and twisted them in opposite directions.
“AAAHHHHHH!” Paul screamed then kicked Nicholas in the knees.
Nicholas fell back a step and screamed. “You little shit!”
Nicholas grabbed Cousin Gregg's basketball shooting it like a cannonball into Paul’s nose causing his head to explode in pain. Nicholas laughed and pointed while Paul wore a mask of pure agony. Paul clutched his face with his one free hand as his cries echoed through the reunion. Even the Geist family’s patriarch Uncle Dan, along with the drunker relatives, looked over.
Dan shook his head and sighed.
“He was adopted.” Paul heard him say as the crowd giggled. Paul’s mom and dad were nowhere to be seen. Just as soon as he thought no one was going to help, she came.
“Get the hell away from him!”
Paul looked up and saw a woman who stood barely an inch taller than Nicholas, not counting her orange hair that pointed straight up. Her cheeks were full and smooth and her cool green eyes managed to burn with anger as she stood there wearing a yellow shirt with black stripes, over a pair of white trousers.
“What?” Nicholas said with a shrug. “What're you talkin' about?”
“How's abouts you throw that ball at me and then we'll see who'll be cryin'!” She said with a voice of steel. “Now get the damn key out and unlock these.”
Nicholas' pale face reddened as he pulled out the keys and unlocked the cuffs. Looking Paul in the eye he breathed. “One day… one fuckin' day.”
“What?” The woman shouted.
“Nothing.” Nicholas said turning to walk away.
She gave another stern look aimed at Gregg. The heavyset cousin swallowed and followed Nicholas.
The woman moved closer to Paul. “Let me see.”
She put both her hands gently on his head and turned it to the right then turned it to the left. His nose was now bleeding. Paul looked deep into her eyes and saw the sternness and anger had disappeared.
“Well, my precious little one,” she said with a hint of pity quietly. “You're gonna be okay. Let's put some ice on it.”
“Thanks, Aunt Miranda.” Paul said with a sniffle.
Miranda’s face twisted to the side like she had sucked on a lemon.
“What?” Paul asked.
“I don't think I like 'Aunt Miranda'.” She said. “It makes me sound old.” She thought for a second and smiled. “I was traveling in Honduras last month, I heard the people use the word 'tia'.” she said. “It means aunt in Spanish. Call me Tia Miranda.”
“Okay,” Paul said. “Tia Miranda.”
She leaned forward and kissed his forehead. How he loved her for that. Then his phone rang bringing him back to the present.
“Hello?” Paul answered.
“Hello, Paul.” Said a male voice.
“Nicholas?”
“Who'd ya think it'd be, the President of the United States? Wow, you are so clueless!” Nicholas said.
This was the last Geist he wanted anything to do with. His mom and dad had died ten years before and were buried in Texas, so he saw no reason to continue with family events.
“Remember what I would say to you when we were kids?” Nicholas asked with a cackle. “I would say, 'I wish there was some way we could bring them back from the dead to find out where the gold is'.”
“I remember you slapping me across the back and it stung!” Paul said.
Nicholas laughed for a moment. “Good times!” Before Paul could tell him what he could go do with himself, Nicholas interrupted. “I found it.” He said, saying “it” with unaccustomed seriousness. 
“Found what?”
“The way to bring them back!”  Nicholas said with a laugh. “And, I need your help.”
“What?”
“That's right, we can raise them from the dead and ask where the gold is!”
Paul was stunned. “Wh-where the fuck are you calling me from?” Paul said as he heard the sounds of people and loud speakers in the background.
“I'm London, right now.” Nicholas said. “You won't believe the things I had to do, or the people I had to do, to...”
“Nicholas…” He sighed. “shove it up your ass!” And hung up.
For the next several hours, Nicholas called again and again, but he refused to answer. Then, while making lunch in the kitchen, the phone chirped. It was a text message from Nicholas.
“I hear you were fired.”
Paul cursed under his breath. He had been working in a mail room for the same company where Cousin Gregg worked.
“What the hell do you want?”
“One night.” Nicholas typed. “Gimme that and I’ll pay your rent for the next three months.”
“Bullshit.”
“Really!”
“I don't believe you.”
“Just answer your phone now.”
The phone chirped to life and Paul pressed the button. “What?”
“I need your help,” Nicholas said.
“For what?”
“To do the spell, I need a blood relative.” Nicholas said with a chuckle. “Even a queer-bait like you.”
“Hanging up now.”
“Wait!” Nicholas said, his voice was desperate.
“Why not ask Gregg?”
“That fat shit?” Nicholas said. “He ain't blood, and even if he was, I don't want him leeching off me.”
There was a small silence between the two of them.  
“Okay?” Nicholas said. “I just need you to meet me in Cutter County.”
“Where?”
“At the family cemetery.” Nicholas said.
“And you'll pay my rent?”
“That's right, I'll pay your rent.” Nicholas chuckled.
Paul thought about how he was about to lose his home, his car, his phone, and hung his head.
“Fine.” Paul said.
“See.” Nicholas said. “You're not as queer as you sound!”
“Don't be a dick!”
“See you in six nights!” Before Paul could say anything, the phone hung up.

***

Six days later Paul was in the mountains of Cutter County, Pennsylvania pulling into the Geist Family Cemetery, a half-acre of former farmland surrounded by an iron fence. Within the cemetery were two white, neoclassical mausoleums housing the remains of the more controlling family patriarchs. The writing on the oldest tombstones were faded. Each stone thin, brown, and just barely wedged into the ground. A gust of wind could've knocked them over. The more recent markers were gray, propped up on bases that kept the earth from swallowing them with the identities of those beneath them. 
As he turned the corner, Paul saw Nicholas' Toyota Corolla and that he was already walking among the tombstones with a smile. Paul stepped out of his car and the heels of his black work boots crunched into the gravel. He reached down making sure the cuffs of his blue jeans didn’t scrape along the ground.  He wore a gray hooded sweatshirt underneath a long, dark overcoat with sunglasses he pulled off as he exited the vehicle. Nicholas began flapping his arms next to the statue of an angel.
He's performing for me, Paul thought to himself, choosing a loud sardonic greeting. “Lovely.”
The hair on Paul's neck stood up when Nicholas laughed, he didn't laugh as much as he cackled.
This is gonna be a long night, he thought as the wind kicked up and blew into his face.
“Hello, Nicholas.” He said faking a smile.
“Cousin Paul!” Nicholas shouted, his arms still outstretched. He took several steps down the hill and almost fell into Paul's arms.
“Oomph!” Paul said, pulling back from Nicholas's embrace.
Nicholas was so blonde his hair was almost white. He wore thin-rimmed glasses that sat on the bridge of his nose like they wanted to fly off and attack someone, and a bright red button-up shirt under a neon orange skier’s jacket. His pants were tan, and he wore black leather gloves.
“You look good,” Paul said.
“Why, cousin, are you hitting on me?”
“Oh god!” Paul said with a shake of his head. “Don't start this now.”
Nicholas cackled and slapped him on the back. Paul actually groaned as he felt a small throb of pain. 
“See, look at this.” Nicholas said, pointing to a stone. “Daniel Geist.” He read aloud. “Beloved Son and Brother and Uncle.” Nicholas looked at him. “He's only been dead for 15 years.” Paul shrugged. “The idea for this little enterprise came from him.” Nicholas said with his maddening grin.
“How?”
“Six months ago he came to me in a dream and said, 'Nicholas, it's time to make you rich! I know how to get the gold!' and then he told me what to do, where to go, and everything was where he said it was.”
“Okay.” Paul said, noncommittally.
Nicholas stared at Paul for a heartbeat, then regarded Uncle Daniel's epitaph.
“Hmmmmm.” Nicholas said out loud.
Paul rolled his eyes knowing this was something Nicholas did to get another person to ask, “What's on your mind?” Paul ignored it.
“I wonder how badly decayed he is now?” He said with a reptilian quality.
“You're twisted, dude.”
“You mean you've never wondered?”
“No.” Paul said. “Not at all.”
“Look at this one.” Nicholas said pointing his gloved hand to the next headstone. Unlike the rectangular ones surrounding it, it was crowned with three humps with finely chiseled lettering.
“Yeah, it's Grandma Jane.” Paul said with a shrug. “So?”
“She's been dead eighteen years.” Nicholas said walking over to the stone. “Look at that! She must still have flesh hang -”
Paul held up a hand to cut him off. “Just...” He tried to say. “Just... Just... Stop!”
“What?” Nicholas said holding his hand to his chest. The brightly colored ski jacket seemed to squeak against the touch. “They're family!”
Paul stepped away as a twig snapped underfoot. He tried to concentrate on the tractor across the way and the sun behind the clouds. Despite the morbid surroundings, the area was quite beautiful. It was as if nature crowned the area with mountains. Nicholas stood back with a smile opening his coat with a zip. He pulled out a piece of paper and held it up as a breeze caught it.
“So what’s the ceremony?” Paul asked.
Nicholas told him the plan was to cut someone's palm then smear the blood across the top of the sarcophagus. The bleeder, Nicholas said with relish, draws the shape of an arrow pointing down with a smaller arrow inside it pointing up. That was it.
“The arrow pointing down symbolizes going into the ground. The arrow pointing up represents coming back to life!” Nicholas said.
Paul stood there with his arms crossed. “So we're both cutting our palms?” Nicholas just smiled. “You mean just me?”
Nicholas's smile broadened. “Well, you see, Uncle Daniel told me to get a book of spells hidden in the private library of a certain world leader, who shall remain anonymous. But I will say this, his wife is famous for those earrings.” Paul rolled his eyes in response. “This certain unnamed world leader kept it under lock and key, and I had to go to great lengths to get it and have it translated. So I did.” Nicholas said and his smile broadened a little too much for Paul's comfort.
“And it was not easy. The things I had to do and the people I had to do to get it!”
“Lovely.” Paul said again, this time with the shake of his head.
“In the spell, it said a rare coin was needed and that turned out to be on display at a certain unnamed museum in India.” Paul waited as Nicholas just bragged about it. “And it was not easy. The things I had to do and the people I had to do to get it!” Paul just sighed. “Here's the coin.”
Nicholas said fishing it out of his pocket. It was wrapped in a sandwich bag. Paul stepped forward to look at it. The coin featured a skull with words written in a language he did not understand.
“Now since I went to all this trouble to get this, you go into Uncle Hiram's tomb and make that symbol. I bury the coin in the cemetery. I recite some incantations in Uncle Malcolm's tomb and BOOM! The two of them should rise. We ask where the gold is…”
“I don't know about this. I...”
“It's not like you have a job to go back to, do you?” Nicholas said with a smirk.
Paul's eyes narrowed thinking of his cousin Gregg and how he was gonna kick the shit out of him. “Asshole,” Paul said.
Nicholas just smiled at his discomfort. “Well, Paulie boy, if we find the fucking gold then it'll be enough for you to spend the rest of your days sitting in a bar listening to some second-rate band or in an arena watching two-bit hockey players.” Nicholas said with a smile, then added. “And it's hard to buy that kind of luxury on an unemployment check.”
“How do I know you're not bullshittin' me?”
“Here.” Nicholas said. “I found this in Uncle Dan's safety deposit box.”
Nicholas produced another plastic bag containing a gold coin decorated with an eagle's head. Paul reached for it but Nicholas pulled it back like he was playing with a cat. Nicholas’ cruel eyes, the rows of tombstones that seemed to sprout from his back like wings, and the gold coin clutched in his leather glove sent a cold shudder through Paul.
My god! He's the god damned keeper of the dead!
Paul knew there was no turning back. Nicholas had set him on a course and, just like when he was an 8-year-old boy, he had allowed himself to be handcuffed to a fence. Somewhere in the back of his mind that same 8-year-old boy began to sob.
“Fine.” Paul said.
With another smirk of triumph, Nicholas walked over to Uncle Daniel's headstone and regarded it for a moment. “I was Uncle Daniel's favorite.” He said, as if twisting a knife. “That's why he came to me in a dream.”
“Oh, I'm sure.” Paul said trying to ignore how the statement opened an old wound.
“I had the funeral director put him in his favorite gray suit.” Nicholas said.
“Great.”
“And the funeral director let me watch.” Nicholas said his eyes growing wider.
“Okay.”
“Y'know, they even let me watch them prepare Aunt Inverna for burial.” He said pointing to another tombstone with “Inverna Geist” written across the top. “Car crashes do nasty things to people! Oof!”  
Paul looked at the stone trying to fight the memory of Aunt Inverna. There was the time Inverna’s daughter needed a babysitter. Paul had offered then she accused him of being a… Nicholas interrupted the thought.
“What was really dumb was the undertaker sold her daughter, Penny, on purchasing an airtight coffin.”
“Why is that?”
“Well, thanks to anaerobic bacteria – y'know what that is?” Nicholas asked condescendingly.
“No,” Paul answered.
“It's bacteria that grow in airless environments, and an airtight coffin is an airless environment.”
Paul could see where this was going.
“The bacteria start eating the body, and turns it into liquid.” Nicholas grinned. “Right now, Aunt Inverna is literally floating in her own juices!”
Paul's stomach lurched to the left.
“And this green fungus begins to grow in little stalagmites from the satin in the coffin and...”
“Will you shut up, please?”  Paul said clutching his stomach.
 Nicholas stopped. “Okay.” He said. “But let me tell you about how bloated the scrotum gets when it is filled with gases and...”
Paul took several steps away debating whether to vomit or punch Nicholas. “Enough!” He shouted.
“Did you know Grandma wore a black bra under her salmon colored dress? I know, because I was able to feel...”
“Okay that is it!” Paul shouted. “You wanna try this sick joke out on me, fine! But when this is over, I take my share and I get the fuck out of here! Got it?”
Paul stomped up the hill but continued to hear Nicholas laughing to himself. As Nicholas’ mocking cackle continued, Paul looked longingly at the two-lane road.

***

He was startled awake as the cold from the concrete floor seeped through his jeans and into the back of his legs. Paul shook, and caught the gaze of an angel looking down at him.
“Ah!” He said staring up at the stained glass window that illuminated the large rectangular crypt in the center of the room during the day.
The inside of the mausoleum was slightly bigger than a tool shed but wide enough for him to stand up and walk around. He looked at his watch and realized that it had been about 90 minutes since parting ways with Nicholas. The sun was gone and he was beginning to feel more chilled. He listened for any sound of his cousin but only heard silence. He could smell nothing because his nose was stuffed so he blew his nose with a handkerchief. While sliding the crumpled handkerchief back into his pocket, he pulled it back with a start.
“Shit!” He screamed.
His hand throbbed and he looked at the bandage wrapped around his white palm. He stood and looked at the sepulcher where Hiram Geist rested. On the top of his grave was Paul’s blood smeared into the shape of a large arrow pointing down. Inside this arrow was another one pointing up.
“I wonder how Nicholas did with this thing.” He said as he stood up, cracked his back, and walked over to the red metal door where a barred window looked outside.
Paul could see his blue Ford Focus reflecting traces of moonlight and Nicholas's car was still there. Maybe I should check on Nicholas, he thought. He decided not to because that would involve interacting with Nicholas. He then considered walking to his car and driving away. Paul decided against it turning to face the two rectangular, white marble sepulchers glowing in the remaining light. He looked up at the grave lamps hanging in each corner and smirked. They were the old-fashioned oil kind, placed there to help guide souls into the afterlife.
“The hell's the point of having a light to represent the eternal soul if nothing was…”  But then he heard a hiss and the wicks in the oil lamps burst into blue flames. “Oh shit!”
He heard a scratching sound coming from the marble lid closest to him. In big bold letters carved across the top was “HIRAM GEIST” then the dates “1850-1943” and underneath that the symbol painted in his blood. He heard another odd noise coming from the top. It sounded like a nail scraping across marble. A moment later, it was followed by a ching, a rolling sound, then ching, ching, chang!
He ran to the corner, bent down, and picked up a screw. In the flickering light of the oil lamps, he saw that it was a large gray screw covered in marble dust. While pondering that, he heard the terrible nail scraping noise followed by the three more chings and the sounds of screws rolling on the floor. In a corner of his mind, two words formed and he found himself even more frightened.
Self-exhumation!
“Sweetgeezis!” He breathed while his hand throbbed.
Paul stood up and reached for the screw when he heard the sound of marble scraping against marble. At first, the movement was barely perceptible. Then to his deep, deep disgust, the lid of the sarcophagus slid in a counterclockwise motion with a scraping noise like a truck dragging a cement block down the street. Inside the marble box, a wooden coffin was revealed. The coffin was a long, hexagon shape and the wood was blackened with age. Seeing this, Paul stepped backward until stopped by the metal door.
He turned around grabbing hold of the bars ignoring the pain in his palm. With the flames flickering over him and the metal gate holding firm, he found himself smelling air that had been sealed inside the marble box for three-quarters of a century. The bars were cold to the touch but he held onto them for dear life as he shook them.
Sure I wanted this to happen and - fuck it!
“Nicholas!” He shouted. “Nicholas!” He shook the gate again. “Nicholas!” He shouted even louder. “Nic…” He froze at the sound of rusted hinges slowly rotating on their pins. “Oh, God!” He said.
He could see the light shift in the reflection of the window and knew something had changed in the atmosphere. He turned behind him and saw a figure slowly rise up out of the dark wooden box. Shit! Oh, shit! He thought to himself unable to audibly articulate the words. Then he heard a disgusting creaking noise that could only be bone followed by the sound of something shuffling and twisting around. Oh shit!shit!shit!shit!
Then something resembling a hand stretched from behind the lid. It looked like old parchment hanging from bones. Then another leathery hand slithered out. Paul felt his heart beat faster as he saw the arms were covered in a dusty black suit. He watched trying to hold back tears as fear gripped him. He began breathing heavily through his nose. With another jerk, came the sound of what could only be two shoes coming to rest on the concrete floor. Then something stood straight up. It was covered in dust and wearing a coal black suit with matching tie.
Paul's eyes were not deceiving him. The thing wore a shirt that was once white, now yellowed and gray. Then the smell of putrefaction filled the air.
“Oh god!” He said holding his nose.
Paul got a good look at its face as it looked at him. It was desiccated by decades of decomposition. The lips were leathery. Wisps of white hair clung to its face. The jaw was bony and the eye sockets were empty. Then, the dead man hissed at Paul.
“How the hell do you hiss at me when you don't have lungs?” Paul asked.  “Then again, you might have them...” It took several steps toward him. “I… I... um... j-just...” He found his breathing becoming more shallow. “The one time that fucking son of a bitch was right about something!” Paul shouted. “Nicholas!” He screamed again.
He called again towards the door but turned as the thing snarled at him and began taking uneven steps in his direction. With each one of those sickening steps, the animated corpse tried to find its footing on the ground. The dead man reached for the edge of the marble box to steady itself. It regarded Paul again, then hissed at him a second time. Paul could feel an invisible wave of animosity coming at him then it began reaching for him with its left hand while steadying itself with its right. With each step, it drew closer and Paul banged into the gate with a loud clang.
“Nicholas!” He shouted again. “Nicholas!” Suddenly he remembered his purpose. “Uhhhh, Grandpa Hiram.” He said. “Uhh...where did you hide the gold?”
It ignored him. What remained of Hiram Geist continued to reach for him with fingers curled into bony talons.
Paul screamed as it reached for him forcing the words from his mouth. “Grandpa Hiram! Th-the gold?” The remains of Hiram only stepped closer. “Fuck this!” He shouted. “Grandpa Hiram!” It stopped for a moment.
Paul held up a golden watch on a chain letting it swing back and forth in the air and, though Paul heard nothing, he could smell everything. He felt the animosity in the air shift to curiosity. He opened his eyes, not realizing he had clenched them shut. He then realized his entire body was clenched. Though the dead man had no eyes, it seemed to look at Paul with a pensive expression.
“Uhhhh.” Paul began. “I've been taking care of your watch! I know this was your prized possession!" Hiram stepped closer. “And I know you loved this so I’ve been taking care of it!” Paul screamed the words like a single word, a stream of consciousness.
Hiram stood up, even more erect, just staring at the watch like an indoor cat watching a squirrel climb a tree.
“I just had it repaired and polished recently and I take care of it in honor of you!” Again the screamed words blended into one long word. This was stupid! This was stupid! This was stupid! He thought. “And... uh... um...” He tried again. “I hope you like it!" He stretched his arm as if giving it to Hiram.
The creature stepped closer forcing Paul to clench up again. “Oh god!” Paul screamed again hearing every sickening step. Nononononononono! He thought.
And then the creature put two disgusting hands on his shoulder. The bony hands were strong and held him tight.
“This is it!” He said. “Oh god this is it!”  The corpse pulled Paul close to him causing a shiver down Paul’s spine as the hair that had once been a beard brushed against his cheek. The creature drew him closer placing his chin on Paul's shoulder then squeezed. The smell of his grandfather and the creak of old bones was more than he could take.
“Please.” He cried. “Don't…”
The dead man's grip relaxed as it pulled its head back, the former beard brushing Paul's cheek again. Then its teeth chattered as they stopped at Paul's ear.
He heard a hissing noise but this time the noise had meaning. “Good boy.”
It pulled back further regarding him then looked to the watch touching it gingerly. To Paul's astonishment, its clawed left hand reached up, touched his right shoulder then squeezed it. The creature with no eyes, decayed nose and leathery lips nodded then turned back to the marble box where it had long rested slowly plodding back. It slowly hobbled over the floor with labored footsteps. Paul watched as it climbed back into its box, feet first and slowly lay back down. The coffin lid slowly closed. The heavy marble lid scraped across the top then fell into place with a satisfying “thud.”
Paul straightened allowing himself a sigh of joy. “Rest well, Grandpa Hiram.” He said then turned to the gates which now creaked open as the blue flames slowly extinguished. Paul felt the night air blow in. He took two steps out letting the smell of grass from across the field fill his nostrils.

***

“Nicholas!” He called out. “You have any luck?” He walked over to Uncle Malcolm's mausoleum and peaked in. It looked undisturbed. “Nicholas?” He called but heard no answer. Something was wrong and he could feel his heart thudding. He waited for a moment but still nothing moved. “Nicholas!” He called again.
Paul trudged across the grass, which was beginning to frost, when he heard another noise. It was another odd scraping sound. He turned to his right trying to hear the scraping noise over the sound of his boots crushing the stiff grass. It sounded like the noise he used to hear his grandmother make when she dug in her garden when she planted flowers. He then found himself staring at his grandmother's tombstone.
“Cynthia Geist Foreman.” He read it aloud. The digging was coming from below the stone. “What the hell?” He said kneeling down.
He looked closer at the ground but it was too dark for him to make anything out… then a hand emerged from the ground!
“Geezischrist!” He cried in one gasp.
The hand looked like a bird claw ready for the kill. Flesh was clinging to the bones and the nails and fingertips were one. Dirt caked the tips and up under the nails. The hand slapped the ground with a Wump!
“Oh God!” He shouted and managed to pull himself up as the ground broke apart with sickening crunches and thuds. He turned looking back at the mausoleum and called again. “Nicholas!” He shouted as he began to run to the second structure. “Where the hell are you?”
Paul’s legs burned as he picked up speed while trying to catch his breath. He spun around to see a bony form in a salmon colored suit and skirt coming out of the ground. The wig she always wore hung at a sickening angle. Dirt spilled from it falling onto her shoulders and the ground. Paul watched as she turned around and regarded the world around her. Part of her blouse fell open showing him a black bra! He almost vomited right then but she stepped closer freezing him in place. He could see her glasses hanging from what was left of her nose and then her attention turned to Paul.
“Nicholas!” He shouted. “Nicholas, get out here!” He heard several steps stomping the ground behind him and cringed as the odor of rot hit his nose. “Oh no!” He said. He felt a wave of anger coming from her and she hissed at him. “Grandma!” He shouted turning around. “I... uh...”
Her arms were outstretched as if ready for an attack. “Don't do this!” He shouted feeling the same invisible wave of animosity flow from her like it had Hiram.
Her form had been massacred by years in the ground. Her mouth hung open making her dentures hang oddly somehow making her face seem bestial. Ironically, this was not the first time he had seen her face look like that. Soon after turning nine-years-old, he was sitting on the couch at her home. He heard his mother screaming at his grandmother. His grandma was slurring her words.
“You'll remember Nicholas' or Gregg's birthdays but heaven forbid you remember Paul's?” Grandma slurred the words some more but he heard. “You wanna give that little shit something? Well... uh... um... here!”
His grandma had stormed out of the room and into the living room where Paul sat. She was wearing her glasses and her hair was pulled back in a pony-tail. This was before the cancer and chemo trips had rendered her bald. Several strands of hair hung in her face. She was angry and it contorted her face. In her left hand, she had a glass whose contents sloshed onto the floor.
“Here!” She had said pulling a pocket watch off the stand. Her face had the same bestial expression he saw now. “It belonged to your fuckin' Grandpa Hiram!” She tossed the watch and it landed on the couch next to him. “Now why don't you get the fuck out…” She stopped regarding Paul's face.
He just looked up at her, his eyes filled with tears. “Don't be mean to me.” He simply said.
His grandma hung her head before looking up at him again. “I'm sorry.” She said with tears in her own eyes. “Miranda was right. I'm just a mean drunk.”  She began to cry and Paul stood and walked over to her.
Grandma wrapped her arms around him and he wrapped his arms around her. “I'll get help.” She said. “I promise.”
They stayed like that for several minutes. Now, years later, Paul was in a cemetery searching for a weapon to defend himself from her. He picked a tree branch off the ground. It was half the length of a broomstick though not as heavy.
“Grandma, don't make me!” He shouted as she came within three yards of him.
He closed his eyes taking a deep breath. The smell of wet earth and decomposing flesh hit him. He opened them again and looked into the contorted face. Her jaw hung at one angle, her dentures at another.
“Forgive me!” He said raising the limb. He clenched the muscles in his hands squeezing hard. With a contorted step to the left, his grandmother reached for him. NOW! He screamed in his head then swung with all his might. It was as if electricity shot down his arms and through the thin branch as it crashed into his grandmother's head with a sickening thwack! To his disgust, her head sailed from her shoulders with a rip and a crack. Her glasses flew off in one direction while her false teeth flew in another. He watched in horror as the skull thudded to the ground and bounced before coming to rest against a tree. Minus its head, the corpse took several uneasy steps backwards then clattered to the ground in a heap. Paul turned and ran in the opposite direction of his grandmother's remains when he heard his name.
“Paul!”
Paul stopped and headed towards a large pedestal that held a statue of a mother in robes looking down at a child looking up at her. Across the base of the statue was written “Romaine” which Paul knew was another branch of the Geist family. Nicholas emerged from behind the pedestal. His ripped clothing was splattered in mud, his glasses were gone, and so was the expression of amusement at another's expense. His expression was terror.
“I had it wrong.” He said. “Paul! This wasn't about finding gold this was about…” He was interrupted as two large bony arms wrapped around his head and pulled him away.
Paul could see the skeletal form standing nearby. It turned in Paul's direction, revealing a circular hole stamped in the center of its forehead.
“A bullet wound.” Paul said realizing it was Malcolm, Hiram's brother.
Malcolm then turned back behind the base that said “Romaine” and ducked out of sight which was followed by a shriek and a sickening thud. Paul could see Nicholas' legs still sticking out from behind the base of the Romaine statue.
“Nicholas!” he screamed running forward to them.
They were then pulled away in one swift motion. Paul called to Nicholas again but as he moved closer to the block where Nicholas had disappeared, he felt that same wave of rage coming at him.
“Nicholas!” He called a third time.
Then something caught his attention as he glanced over his shoulder and saw another figure lumbering at him. Aunt Inverna! In life, she had been a wide woman with short blond hair, who wore long flowing skirts to hide her girth. She had died in a traffic accident and Paul now saw why it was a closed casket funeral.
She was naked, save for a strip of pinkish satin hanging over her shoulder and across her body at an angle. Green bits of fuzz hung from the satin strip like mossy teardrops suspended in mid-air. She looked like a distorted beauty contestant making his stomach lurch in six different directions at the sight. The top of her head was gone, save for what looked like green fuzz growing around her face like a costume beard. She only had one eye, a single ear, and her nose was completely removed. At the center of her chest was the giant “Y” shaped scar where the autopsy had been performed. Her breasts hung like two empty sacks of flour. At the end of each nipple were rows of the soft green stalactites. Her right arm was gone save for the bone protrusion that rotated from the socket where it once was. Her legs had been broken so she shifted in a twisted gate that caused her to lean to her left making a ripping sound as she shuffled through the stiffened grass.
She stumbled closer with her left arm grabbing at the air batting away a low hanging branch. Thanks to the decay of several years, her fingernails were more prominent. Paul could feel the wave of pure hatred coming from her.
“Oh, dear god!” He managed as her odor finally hit him.
It was like a portable toilet in the park on a hot day. Everything in his stomach wanted out but he knew he did not have the luxury of time to let it out. She hissed at him trying to grab him. He stepped out of the way hearing her dead mammary sacks slapping against her torso. He was just three inches from her grasp. Her jaw contorted with anger as her arm swung back again, this time, several of the green droplets landed on him. Paul turned to run but found himself standing in front of a tombstone that was waist high.
“Shit!” He screamed as he scrambled over the stone, his work boot failing to get a grip. “Goddammit!”
Inverna grasped only air as he pulled himself up at the last moment. Thrown off balance, she fell towards the ground head-butting the large stone. The left side of her head flew off into the air exposing her skull and pieces of brain matter. Paul pulled himself up as she dropped to the ground near him and fell into the mud and random leaves with a sickening splat!
She continued to move like a swimmer but went nowhere and, by now, Paul had the terrible feeling he had lost all direction. He stomped along the grass when, to his horror, he saw another form stumbling in his direction through the trees. He realized it was a male and it was hissing. He felt that same wave of hate and anger.
“Dammit!” he screamed.
He reached into his pocket and pulled out his keys hitting the unlock button on the key fob. To his relief, over a nearby hill, his car chirped and the headlights blinked. He began to pull the keys one by one. 
First, he found a silver one. “Apartment.” He said forcing his racing mind to calm down then came a gold one.
Gold! He thought to himself. Fuck gold!
“Move!” He shouted as heard the once-male-thing stumble toward him.
The keys jangled in his hands and it was close enough to smell. “Shit!” He said again as he finally found the silver one with the black rubber base.
“Yes!” He screamed and pressed it a second time. “Open! Dammit! Open!” The front lights glowed white and the sound of the alarm chirped loudly for a second time. “Thank you, Jesus!” He shouted running straight to his car, his legs burning with exhaustion.
However, he had not noticed the random decomposed hand reaching up out of the ground. The hand grabbed his ankle causing him to fall forward. He hit a patch of gravel with a loud thwump! 
His chin scraped against the gravel and he felt a sharp pain in the wrist of his cut hand. This was followed by an audible crack making him shout in pain. Half a heartbeat later, he heard his keys hit the grass several yards away.
“Oh God!” He said as his voice cracked. “Oh God!”
The male figure continued in his direction with heavy steps. Paul rolled over onto his back and all he could think to do was be ready to kick at anything. He was still trying to catch his breath holding his wrist. The thing continued forward. Paul began to twitch as he recognized who it was.
“Nicholas!” He said as his heart leapt into his throat forcing tears into his eyes.
He could see Nicholas' face as the moon cut through the clouds. Mercifully, it was still intact though blood oozed from a large wound on the side of his temple. Claw marks crisscrossed his face and his shirt and coat were gone. They had been torn from his body along with chunks of flesh from his chest down to his naval. Blood dripped off him everywhere. His blond white hair, stiffened by mud and human fluids, stood up in several directions as if it were trying to escape.
“Oh shit!” He shouted. “Nicholas!” His voice cracked. “Don't do this!” Nicholas' corpse ignored him stretching out its hands and continuing towards him with a hiss. “Nicholas!” Paul shouted. “It wasn't supposed to end like this!”
Paul drew his legs up to his chest to block Nicholas' approach so hard that he felt his jeans tighten then rip at the knees. Paul struck with his all his might, with Nicholas only inches away, driving his hard-soled boots into unprotected kneecaps. The blow splintered the bones forcing them out through flesh then Nicholas’ pants. His cousin’s upper torso tumbled onto Paul in a way living people can't.
“Oh God!” He screamed again while blocking the hissing, clawing cadaver with his good arm. Paul found himself being crushed under what felt like a garbage bag stuffed with raw meat, branches, and angry cats. Then with a surge of adrenaline, Paul pushed the writhing form off him backing it into a nearby tree, right next to his grandmother's head. He staggered to his feet catching a glint of moonlight reflecting off a small piece of metal. It looked like a...
 “Key!” He burst out in hope.
Paul raced to it pounding the ground with every step. Despite the cooling temperature he had to wipe gore-soaked sweat from his face then with his good hand he picked up the keys. He stopped and took a long hard look at Nicholas still wriggling on the ground. Then he took a long hard look at his wrist.
“Nicholas.” He said. “I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry.”
Paul hit the switch on his key fob making the car lights blink with a chirp. He opened the door with his good left hand and climbed in. The reassuring smell of “island breeze” air freshener filled his nostrils as he got into the car. He twisted his body to slide the key into the steering column with his left hand then, by sheer force of will, turned it with his right hand. He screamed uncontrollably when he made the mistake of using the broken limb to put the car in reverse. The pain shot through his arm like bursts of electricity.
“Mother fucker!”
Paul screamed again as he shifted the car into drive before laying his battered right hand in his lap and steering with his left. He drove the car out the wrought iron fence then stopped briefly powering down the window. He was about to throw Hiram Geist's watch out the window when he saw the back had popped open. He laid the watch on his lap pulling out a small piece of paper. It was brown and thin. Paul held it carefully up to the interior light. He could make out the words “map” then “gold” then “Bible.” The only Bible he knew about was the one Miranda had inherited from Grandma and…
“Holy shit!” He said realizing what he found.
Paul hit the gas, pleased to know he would be paying a visit to his favorite member of the family very soon. The two things he wanted nothing to do with, in that moment, were now the very things he needed and wanted. He smiled to himself, turned a corner, and lost sight of the cemetery.
EVELYN'S BIGGEST FEARS
BY 
KIMBERLY WOLKENS

Want to know what Evelyn’s two biggest fears are?  Snakes and stumbling upon a dead body.
Weird, right? Maybe not the fear of snakes, because everyone is either afraid of snakes or knows someone afraid of snakes. But Evelyn always wondered if the fear of just randomly coming across a dead body was rational. She was an accountant, and her occupation really didn’t put her in a likely circumstance where she’d enter a room and whoops - there’s a dead body. She kept that fear to herself.
But Evelyn was an avid hiker. And every time she set foot in the direction of the groomed trails she so loved to roam, she worried about whether or not she’d see a snake. Or a dead guy. Or a dead girl. It was a thought that always surfaced while she was tying up her hiking boots or packing her bag full of water, snacks and first aid supplies. It was an inky black thought that crept up from the muffled subconscious within her brain and made its way slowly to her forethought. It would make her shiver, and she would tuck the scary thought back underneath the curtain dividing the conscious from the subconscious. She loved the forest too much to let her fears trap her inside the house.
After her recent divorce, Evelyn moved back to her hometown, which was a tiny little town bordered on the north by the Huron National Forest. The town was so small the residents joked that in just one blink you would miss it altogether as you drove through it.  Her house was tiny and outdated, but it was up to code (just barely) and cost little to heat. And not far from her property were groomed ATV trails where she explored on evenings or weekends to keep her mind off of things like work and the ex.
There were snakes in these woods. Everyone knew this because most people who lived in the area had seen their share of snakes in their basements, in their yard or in their sheds. And so there would be snakes in the woods, too. Evelyn was walking from her car to her front door when she saw her first snake at the new house, a harmless garter snake, and felt like she was going to faint or have a heart attack or both.  She dropped her paper bag of groceries, hauled ass to the front door, clumsily shoved the key into the keyhole and turned it so sharply she nearly broke off the key inside the lock. She frantically turned the handle, slammed open the door and slammed it shut quickly behind her, leaving the groceries on the ground and the key in the door until she could calm her heart rate and breathing enough to retrieve the items once she was certain the snake was gone.
It was only a matter of time before she’d see one on a hike. She had a feeling she’d see something small out of the corner of her eye, or hear a tiny rustle next to her, and when she turned her head toward the stimulus she’d see the dreaded snake. She told herself she’d just have to deal with it if she wanted to be out in the woods. She was not going to let that fear keep her from enjoying all of the other non-snake things in the wild.
But the thing about a dead body is that it wouldn’t move or make noise so she wouldn’t be able to prepare herself. She would just be walking and see something somewhere that was different from everything you’d normally see in the forest. She would go inspect this strange thing, not realizing until she got very close that the thing underneath the tarp or behind the brush pile was a dead human. A person who was no longer living. Someone who was probably murdered in cold blood and just left to rot.
Evelyn knew that a dead person can’t hurt you as a live person could. A dead person no longer thought or felt or moved. The body just is. A collection of cells that rot away once the blood flow stops.  A feast for carrion birds, maggots and possums. The body was not going to stand up, look at you with eyes no longer there, and chase you through the woods. Evelyn didn’t believe in ghosts or dark magic or zombies. It wasn’t so much the dead thing that scared her.
She was afraid that whatever living thing that brought death to a newly-discovered corpse would be hiding nearby and that it was a person.  That the murderer was nearby watching the body rot away.  That the killer would be satisfying a morbid obsession of watching a human rot to the bone, just hoping that an unsuspecting victim would meander by.  Evelyn had an irrational fear that the mere act of seeing a dead body in the woods would conjure up a crazy pervert to suddenly appear behind her to issue her own slow, torturous death.
She tried to tell herself that was silly. A murderer wouldn’t keep watch on a body they had dumped secretly in the forest. Murderers dump bodies in isolated places so that they wouldn’t be caught. They’re different from arsonists who set fire to a building then somehow weave their way into the crowd of innocent onlookers so that they can watch it burn, probably to pleasure themselves to the imagery later (or who knows, maybe even right then, while standing in the shadows near the crowd of panicked people). Murderers don’t really hang around waiting to get caught in the act.
Right?
So snakes and dead bodies were the two things Evelyn was most concerned about spotting on her trips in the woods.
Evelyn was not concerned when on a particularly long hike she came across an old cabin. She had passed by without seeing it on her way outward from home, but on the way home, she spied it off the trail on her left. It was tucked within a thick cluster of trees and underbrush. It looked very old, probably built nearly 100 years ago. There was no evidence of modern conveniences such as electricity or running water, as there were no telephone poles for miles around and underground cables were not run out this way. There probably was no running water as evidenced by an outhouse that was just a short distance to the back and left of the building, and there was an old artisan well with a pump handle in front of the cabin. The narrow, overgrown two-track trail that led to the cabin was spanned by a rusty chain fastened to two trees with a faded NO TRESPASSING sign attached at the middle.
Intrigued, Evelyn stopped and stared for several moments at the cabin. It was strange to see a building out here. She didn’t think people were allowed to have buildings on Federal land. Was this the home of a conservation officer of long ago? Was this an old rustic cabin that used to be rented out by the US Forest Service? It was definitely something she’d look into once she was home that evening, seated comfortably in front of her laptop with a frozen dinner and a fruity, girly beer of some sort.
She pulled a digital camera out of her jacket pocket and took a few pictures of the cabin from the trail. Fascinated with her recent discovery, she decided to ignore the NO TRESPASSING sign and get a closer look at the cabin. She looked to her left and right, just to make sure no one was around to witness her planned transgression (although, quite frankly, if she’d seen someone on the trail she’d be more concerned about being alone in the deep woods with a stranger than she would be about that stranger tattling on her to the police).
Seeing no one, she stepped right over the low-hanging chain with the sign and picked her way carefully through the ferns and brush and fallen branches to the cabin. She was only a few steps away from the cabin when she noticed a strange smell. It was partly familiar to her, as she recognized the smell of rotting wood, carpet and other household materials from other old cabins she’d been in on various vacations. There was another smell she couldn’t pinpoint. It smelled kind of like rotting garbage and something stale. She wasn’t sure what was going stale, that’s just what it smelled like. It was something she’d never smelled before. It wasn’t a very strong smell, so it didn’t raise any red flags.
The cabin had an enclosed front porch with windows. Attached to the outside of the front windows were screens that had seen better days. The screens were mostly intact but were covered with dust and pollen. Evelyn thought this was once a lovely porch in which to sit and read a book during the day.
Evelyn lightly brushed off one of the screens and let the dust and pollen settle before getting right close to the screen. She cupped her hands around her eyes and peered into the porch. It took a few seconds for her brain to register what her eyes were seeing because it was so horrific.
The rotting smell was coming from the residents on the porch. There were two rocking chairs and a love seat on the porch. All the pieces of furniture were old, rotting with age and the Michigan humidity.  Upon the furniture were rotting bodies, one on each rocking chair and a third slumped over to one side on the love seat. All were in different states of decomposition but Evelyn didn’t know enough about such things to estimate how long each person had been dead. She noticed the flies next, and maggots churning in the softer parts of the body on the loveseat.
An icy feeling enveloped her whole body. Evelyn realized she was facing one of her biggest fears. Times three! Trying not to puke or lose control of her bladder, Evelyn dropped her hands and turned back toward the trail. She had taken her first panicked step toward freedom when she heard something crashing through the woods on her right. She turned and saw a large man in old jeans and a faded plaid shirt coming around the corner of the cabin charging at her at full speed.
Evelyn couldn’t stop the scream which felt like it started in her chest and hurtled itself out of her vocal cords. She reflexively shut her eyes tight at the horrific sight but continued to dash for the trail. It didn’t take her long to trip and fall, opening her eyes on the way down to see the ground rising to meet her. She landed on her hands and knees and immediately tried to scramble up to standing but never made it.  The crashing sound was upon her and so was the sound’s source. She turned her head to her right just in time to see a big, brown boot shoot itself toward her head. That was the last thing she saw before the darkness overcame her.
Evelyn didn’t know where she was or what had happened to her when she first woke up. It took a few seconds for her senses to return to her. The smell hit her first, that wretched smell of rot. Where had she smelled that before? Then the memory struck her. This is the smell she noticed right before discovering a porch full of dead people in the middle of the woods. Only now the smell seemed ten times as strong. She next noticed that everything seemed dark. At first she thought there was something over her face, but then she heard the crickets and spring peepers and realized it must be dusk and the sun was setting. She tried to move, but something kept her from being able to lift her arms or her legs. With a panicked cry, she realized she was tied to a chair, like an old metal chair that would pair with an old metal kitchen table.
The sound of her cry and attempt to move alerted her captor, who entered the room where she was.  It was very dark, and Evelyn could only see the outline of the man in the murky gray light invading the porch through the windows. The man reached toward the door, came through and struck a match. He swung the match slowly in front of him to light an oil lamp sitting on a table Evelyn now saw between herself and the captor.  The table that must belong to her chair.
As the light came alive within the lamp’s glass globe, Evelyn looked all around her to take in her surroundings and look for a way to escape.  She realized she was inside the porch with the dirty screens.  She was on one side of the porch, and on the other side, past her captor, were the three rotting bodies she saw earlier. The flies were not around, maybe because it was dark, but if she strained hard enough she’d be able to hear the maggots smacking and popping their way through the freshest corpse over there.
She opened her mouth to scream but gagged on the smell. After she dry-heaved she opened her mouth to scream again when the man raised his right hand to silence her. Stunned, Evelyn decided not to scream. The flickering light from the lamp danced across his face. The dim light revealed a man with an angular face, deep-set eyes and lips pressed into a thin line. He was standing about four feet away from her, just staring.
Evelyn started to plead with her captor, promising that she wouldn’t tell a soul about him or his dead friends if he would just please let her go. He let her blubber for a few minutes before reaching for a roll of duct tape and something round on the table. She hadn’t noticed any of these things before when he’d first lit the lamp.
He walked to Evelyn and dropped the roll of tape onto her lap, where it just sat there on its side since she couldn’t move her body enough to toss it off her lap. He brought the round object toward her mouth, so she stopped talking and pressed her lips together and shook her head violently back and forth.
His free hand shot out and grabbed Evelyn’s hair tightly right at the nape of her neck. He was very strong and kept her head from moving. She almost yelped in pain but realized just in time that to do so would mean her mouth would open and receive whatever he held in his hand. He was very smart too, so he covered her nose and mouth forcibly with his hand and the object inside his hand, which she realized was a balled up dirty rag. She could feel her lungs start to burn with the lack of oxygen, and all she wanted to do was draw in air, even putrid death-filled air.
When he sensed that she was panicked enough to gasp for air once released, he removed his hand and sure enough, Evelyn instinctively opened her mouth to draw in a breath. He crammed the dirty rag into her mouth to muffle her screams, then made fast work of picking up the roll of tape and winding it securely across her mouth and around the back of her head.
As she tried to scream and stared up at him with bulging, tearful eyes, he leaned over to put his face close to hers. His lips peeled back across a mouthful of chipped, uneven teeth and he whispered, “Trespassing is a sin, you know. If you don’t believe me, you can ask those fine folks over there. They were trespassers, too. Just like you. I think we’re all going to be good friends.”
Then the man stood up and walked back into the cabin, taking the oil lamp with him. He closed the door softly behind him, and all she heard were his soft steps fading away into the dark abyss of the cabin.
It was then Evelyn realized she was going to die here, just like the others. She guessed her fear of finding a dead body wasn’t irrational after all.







PART TWO:

FEAR!
INTRODUCTION TO PART TWO:

Fear: (noun) - an unpleasant emotion caused by the belief that someone or something is dangerous, likely to cause pain or a threat.

Fear. What is fear, really? The precise definition, while informative, only barely begins to scratch the surface of true fear. Fear is a feeling that we all experience in our own ways. No two people fear the same things, however, we all experience it at some point in our lives.
This year, the Year of the Covid has taught us all new and oft-times painful lessons about fear and loss. Yet, through that fear, we have learned, found joy, and even witnessed acts of heroism. Despite the fear, we shall go on. We shall always seek that which lessens the fear, conquers it, defies it.
We’ve felt it grip our hearts in its icy grasp, holding us hostage in our homes as we seek to avoid the Black Death of the modern era. Yet hope springs eternal. We have learned that we are stronger than we thought. We can grow beyond our fears and unite in the hope that things will be better. We survive and thrive through fear by not hiding from it, but embracing it and learning from it. By exploring what it is to be afraid, we understand our fear and defeat it.
To this end, I present to you, dear reader, this section on fear. This tangible exploration of what it is to be afraid. Through the creativity and vision of these authors, we begin to grasp fear in forms beyond what we expect. New horrors, yet unseen. New paths through deeper shadows, taking us through nightmarish worlds of terrors yet explored.
After all, fears met are fears mastered. Fear is always around us, lurking in the darkness, waiting for the opportunity to creep back into our lives. Horror stories have always been about embracing those fears, enjoying them, and immersing yourself in tales of the macabre, the strange, and the unexplained.
I, for one, have always loved taking the darker path. Reading the stories by the greats of the horror genre has always made me feel at ease. Feel like the horrors in the real world were somehow lessened compared to the darkness within the pages. Then, sometimes, a writer would strike a chord in my psyche and I would have to wonder, could that be real? Are those creatures truly out there?
The answer lies within us. Within our capacity to experience fear. After all, who doesn’t love a good scare? In the pages that follow, you will find just that. Some will make you think, others might make you check to make sure the door is locked, while others might make you sleep with the light on tonight. Enjoy them all. That delicious fear that makes the greatest stories seem alive and vivid in our minds. Embrace the fear.

DA Roberts,
Author/President of the of Horror Authors Guild 
November 2020


GIVE PIZZA CHANCE
By Tracy Allen

With a swish and a clang, Brandon Rebanda slammed the drawer of the cash register home. It was 8:00pm and the last of his Fourth of July customers had finally left. It was finally time to close up shop. He had considered staying open until after the fireworks but nixed the idea when he realized just how exhausted he was. Locking the door, he flipped the sign from OPEN to CLOSED. Any customers who wanted to visit Give Pizza Chance, his combination pizzeria/head shop, would have to wait until the morning to get their fill of extra cheese and dragon glass bongs. The day had been busy for the Niantic boardwalk, and the night would be busier still, as people set up chairs and blankets along the Connecticut town’s Main Street to watch the Independence Day festivities. Despite the depressingly cold, tourist-free winters, the decision to move his business from Texas to Connecticut had been a good one financially, especially given the fact that a short drive to the north was Massachusetts, a state that had just recently legalized pot. Talk about being good for business.
Behind him, his business partner and friend, Jemma DuSang, rattled through the beaded curtain that separated the restaurant from the head shop portion of the business, which was known locally as the Fruit Bowl. Behind her, a blue lava lamp cast an eerie, aquarium-like glow in the otherwise dark room. She hopped up on the crumb-specked counter, her black motorcycle boots whapping the thin, wooden panels below. “Finally! I’ve been waiting all day for this.”
“What, closing time?”
“Well, yeah. That, too.” She clomped back down onto the floor, heading for the locked front door. Cupping her hands to her face, she stared out into the darkening streets. People were already milling around, looking for the best place to watch the fireworks.
“I still can’t get used to your hair that color,” Brandon said, grabbing a bottle of spray cleaner and towel to wipe down tables.
She drawled, “What, y’all don’t like purple?”
He glanced at the back of her petite frame. “Well, no. It’s just not a color I think of for, uh, hair.”
Jemma turned to him, her eyebrows raised in mock annoyance. “Well, you best better! We’re on the East Coast now, Sonny Jim. I’ve got a list long as a centipede on a stretching rack of stuff I want to do.”
Brandon scrubbed his face with a damp hand, drawing it down to tug on his ever-growing yet well-maintained beard. “Y’know, when we left Texas, I thought we’d be coming to the land of autumn leaves and haunted houses. I figured it’d be all about, y’know, tradition and shit.”
“You do remember who buys stuff at the other half of the stuff you sell in this so-called business you got goin’, right?”
He sighed, glancing in at the Fruit Bowl and its glass cases of vapes, bongs and pipes, and resumed wiping down the greasy, crumb-covered tables.
Jemma turned back toward the door. Facing her was a floating, distorted white blob, flattened by the glass with a wide, unblinking, dark eye in the center. She shrieked, but rather than take off, she ran forward, flipped open the lock and yanked open the door, launching herself into the arms of the monster on the other side. “Troy! I’ve been waitin’ all day for you to get here!”
Troy Ordito, as it turned out, was the opposite of a monster. His smooth, blemish-free face was no worse for wear after being squashed against the door glass. He was wearing chinos and a black and white Bahama Cord camp shirt. A pair of reflective aviator shades rested on top of his head in the middle of a swirl of thick, dark brown hair.
“Hey, hey, hey! I’m glad to see you, too, but fuck!” He laughed and managed to untangle himself from Jemma’s octopus appendages. Then he smiled like someone who’s spent hours practicing the art in the mirror and jerked his head up, knocking the sunglasses down onto his face. If he had flipped his shirt collar up and started sliding around in his socks to Bob Segar’s “Old Time Rock and Roll,” no one would have been the least bit surprised. 
From behind him, a woman’s voice whined, “Babe, you said we weren’t staying here too long, right? I want to get there before the line gets too long.”
Jemma’s face darkened, chucking her chin at the younger woman. “Who’s that?”
“That,” Troy said, stepping aside and spreading his arms out for the big reveal, “is Cindra Budella, my sexy as hell Fourth of July date. We’re going clubbing at Marcella’s.”
Behind Troy, a blonde woman with Barbie doll proportions posed perfectly in the rectangle of light pouring reflecting off the store’s glass front door, her shabby chic American flag dress looking like it was painted on. Careful not to mess up her meticulously applied makeup, Cindra pursed her lips, smiled coyly and batted her eyes in a way that she hoped looked alluring and kittenish. 
Jemma sneered. “You sure it’s not a Paint and Spackle Convention?”
The cool light in Cindra’s perfectly winged blue eyes flashed red. She leaned down, her face only inches away from Jemma’s. “Excuse me? And who the hell are you? An extra from the Lollipop Guild?” The two women glared at each other, jealousy fueling their anger.
Troy stepped between them with his hands spread out. “Girls, cool it, huh? We’re all here for the same thing. Right? So let’s get started so we can -“
“Get the hell out of here,” Cindra snarked.
“Uh. Well, yeah.” Troy adjusted his sunglasses. Offended, Jemma sucker punched him in the arm.
Behind them, the door opened. In stepped a reed-thin man with long, frizzy grey hair and a ready smile. He was wearing a jean jacket and pants, despite the fact that it was still over 80 degrees outside. He was followed by an excited little dog, its black eyes bright and its brown fur wiry and long.
Jemma barked, “Read the sign! We’re closed!”
“Hey,” the man said, ignoring Jemma and walking straight up to Troy. “Good to see you, my man.”
“Hey-yo, it’s Mr. Whit Töten, my best freaking customer! Now that you’re here, we can break this shit down!” Troy laughed and clapped him on the back. Then he reached down to pet the dog. “You brought Joey Mac. Hiya, little buddy!”
Jemma rolled her eyes and grumbled moodily, “Is this a fuckin’ party now?”
Ignoring her tone, Troy playfully hip checked her and said, “It wasn’t, but it is now.”
Her face hidden behind a compact mirror, Cindra griped, “Stop screwing around, Troy. I’m losing my buzz.”
Troy sat down at one of the freshly washed tables. “I was waiting for everyone to get here so I could hook you guys up with some brand-new product. Hot off the press!” He looked at them all over the top of his sunglasses, revealing pupils the size of pinpricks.
Whit sat in one of the bench seats and leaned back, smiling languidly and inviting Joey Mac to jump up onto his lap. “Nothin’ new for me, my friend. I’m just lookin’ for a little Mary Jane to help me sleep at night.”
Troy shook his head disapprovingly, clucking his tongue. “Trust me, this shit is much better than getting lifted off a hit of that shitty shwag I usually give you.”
Whit nodded good-naturedly. “Hey, man. I happen to like that shitty shwag.”
“You won’t bother with that crap after you try some of this.” Troy reached into his shirt pocket and pulled out a sandwich baggie full of what looked like freeze-dried pickled beets. “This, my friends, is called Sanguis Gelida.”
“Okay, I give,” Brandon said, dropping his spray bottle and joining the group. “What the hell is Ghengis Salada?” Jemma elbowed him.
“Is it gonna help me sleep?” Whit asked.
“They’re a type of mushroom, and no, dude, they’re not for sleeping. I got these from a new supplier. Brandon, you’d like him. He wears a black cowboy hat like you used too,” Troy said.
Brandon shrugged. “Haven’t worn one in years. Where do these mushrooms grow?”
‘They grow on camel shit out in the Middle East or something.”
“Camel shit?” Brandon asked.
Troy ignored him. “You know how camels are, like, sacred to those guys out there, right? They’re worshiped like gods. No stress for those big bastards. Everyone just lets ‘em just walk through the streets in front of cars and into people’s houses and shit… it’s against their religion or something to even scare ‘em.”
Brandon raised an eyebrow. “Dude, I think you mean the cows in India.” Jemma elbowed him again.
“No. I mean camels. These people in Whatever-is-stan just let these camels shit wherever they feel like it. It’s against the law to touch that, too, even if it’s right in the middle of your kitchen. So, it just sits there in a big ass, steamy, stress-free pile until these little babies start growing in it.”
“There’s no way I’m going anywhere near anything that grew on cow poop, Troy,” Cindra snarked, her pretty face wrinkling into a disgusted frown. “That’s nasty.”
“No worries, babe. No cow poop involved whatsoever.” Troy winked at Jemma, who looked both disgusted and curious at the same time. “It’s all from camel shit.” He smirked. “Course, these things only grow if there’s no stress hormones in it, so it would never work over here.”
“Yeah, all that camel hunting we do in the US must really make ‘em nervous,” Brandon mumbled. Jemma hauled off and punched him in his meaty shoulder. He put his serious face back on. “So, they’re basically shrooms?”
Troy shook his head, his sunglasses reflecting the overhead lights. “Not regular shrooms, dude. Camel shrooms.”
Brandon chuckled. “We should put ‘em on a pizza.”
The entire room fell silent as lightbulbs went off over each of their heads.
“No. Uh-uh. I was just kidding.”
Jemma squealed with delight and started jumping up and down like a little kid. “Yes! That’s a fucking awesome idea! We have to do it!”
Thinking about the crispy remains of Sanguis Gelida in his pizza oven, Brandon shook his head vehemently. “No! No way. Forget I said anything!” He turned to his business partner, pleading. “Come on, Jem!”
Jemma sidled up to him and grasped his big fist in her two tiny hands. “Come on, Brandon,” she coaxed, peeking up at him through her lilac locks. “It’ll be fun. I swear! It’ll be a night you never, ever forget.”
Brandon turned his reddening face away from hers and fixed his eyes on a spot on the ceiling. He sighed. “Fine.”
Jemma squealed and threw her arms as far around him as she could. “You’re the best!”
Troy clapped his hands once, the sound like a shot in the room. “So, it’s settled. We’ll all get ripped and fill up on some grub at the same time.” He sat in one of the restaurant booths and pulled Cindra down into his lap. She squealed and pretended to be annoyed. “Great way to kick off the night, right, babe?”

***

Twenty minutes later, the heady aroma of baking crust, marinara sauce and garlic filled the air. Brandon had used Troy’s dried up purple mushrooms sparingly, worried that pieces of them could make their way into a customer’s pie. He sat at the counter, absently pulling on his beard and staring into the kitchen, daring even a microscopic piece of Sanguis Gelida to escape the hot oven. Cindra found a decorative mirror hung up on the wall between the public bathrooms and practiced pooching her lips and responding to future compliments she knew she would get at the club. Walking slowly through the liquid-blue light of the Fruit Bowl, Troy shopped for his own upcoming birthday present. Jemma lay across the top of the takeout counter, her hands clasped behind her head. Whit was sprawled out in the bench seat closest to the front door while he played with Joey Mac, who’s clicking claws and exciting yipping were the only sounds in the room.
In the big display window behind Whit and his pet, a floating, pale face appeared, twisted and leering at the oblivious group. Two hands rose up next to it and walloped the pane, the flat palms sending nerve-wracking ripples across the thin glass. The group jumped, and they all realized where the sound had come from just as a dark mouth opened in the moony visage and out came a muted yet high-pitched shrill shriek. Before anyone could do more than blink, the face was gone. It was all so quick; Joey Mac didn’t even have time to bark.
“No. Fucking. Way.” Brandon shoved a chair out of his way and barreled out the door and into the street. Both Troy and Whit met Jemma’s face, but all she could do was shrug. She was just as confused as the rest of them. When he didn’t come back right away, an insipid silence filled the room. The group stared at the door as the clock on the wall marked off the time… one, two, three seconds… ten, fifteen, twenty seconds… After thirty eon-long ticks of the clock, Troy exhaled loudly. Jemma walked toward the door and cupped her hands around her face the exact same way she had done minutes before when waiting for Troy.
Cindra squirmed awkwardly in Troy’s lap. “How long before we, like, call the cops?”
Troy shot up out of the seat, nearly dumping her on the floor. His face was a mask of fear and anger. “No fucking way! No cops!” He pushed at Cindra again, making her stumble. He paused, shook his head like a dog, and said, “Nope. No way. I’m not going to jail because her dumbass boyfriend couldn’t keep his rage in check.”
“He’s not my boyfriend!” Jemma squawked.
“What the fuck, Troy!” Cindra snapped, pushing back against Troy’s chest. “I’m leaving. This place is nasty…” She calmly met Jemma’s eyes. “And the pizza sucks.”
This was the last straw. Screeching, Jemma launched her pint-sized frame at the much taller woman. Her wildly swinging right hook connected with one of Cindra’s well inflated breasts. Cindra raked her already blood-red nails across the side of Jemma’s face. Shocked, Jemma fell back for a beat before regaining her composure, locking her two hands together and delivering a double fisted hammer punch to the underside of Cindra’s nose, catching her solidly in the left eye on the upswing. Before the furious, bloody blonde could retaliate, Troy grabbed her around the waist and lifted her off her feet. Cindra flailed, all four appendages thrashing and pummeling the air. Jemma saw her advantage and crouched to spring, but was caught in the air by Whit, who got a motorcycle boot to the shin for his trouble. Joey Mac whined and ran in a tight circle, well out of the way of the others.
Troy set Cindra down once he was sure she would stay put. With one shaking hand holding up the remnants of her American Flag dress and the other pressed against her gushing nose and bloody lip, she wailed at the room as big, sloppy, mascara-stained tears poured down her face. “She hit me!”
Wiping at her face with the shoulder of her t-shirt sleeve, Jemma growled, “Go ahead. Say our pizza sucks again, and I’ll black up your other eye.”
Just then, Brandon burst back into Give Pizza Chance, breathing heavily, his own face bruised and bloody. He swiped at a 3” long gash above his eye, smearing blood across his cheek. He glared out from hooded eyes at the other four, who were shocked into submission. The big, bearded man pushed past them, one hand absentmindedly rubbing the back of his neck. He began pacing across the restaurant, knocking into wooden tables and chairs he had been cleaning only minutes before.
“Dude!” Troy yelped. “Where’d you go? They wanted to call the cops!”
“I knew I knew that kid,” Brandon grumbled, mostly to himself. “As soon as I saw his face, I knew who he was.” The more he talked, the fast he paced, and the louder and angrier he got. Blood leaked into his eye. “That kid was here a few days ago. He ordered up a ton of shit for takeout: three extra-large pies, onion rings, fried calamari… the works. As soon as I piled it all up on the counter, he grabbed it and took off out the door like a cat with his ass on fire. There must’ve been someone waitin’ outside in a car, because by the time I got around the counter and out the door, the street was empty.” He kicked the nearest chair, sending it slamming into one of the booth tables.
“That was the little shit that you told me about?” Jemma asked.
“Huh. Yeah. That was him alright.” Brandon chuckled humorlessly. “And, once again, he wasn’t alone.”
“Oh,” Troy whispered, pushing his sunglasses up onto his head.
“The little shits ganged up on me. Waited ‘til I made it past The Book Barn and jumped me like a pack of fuckin’ hyenas.” He sighed. “Some guy and his dog were walking by and yelled. They took off.”
“What fuckers,” Jemma asked quietly. She paused. “Did you get any licks in?”
“Naw,” he said, not meeting her eyes.
In the kitchen, the oven timer buzzed. “Dishes are done, man!” Whit called out, triumphant and oblivious.

***

After getting her makeup bag out of Troy’s Audi, Cindra holed herself up in the bathroom, trying in vain to cover up her still bleeding nose and swollen, purple eye. She outright refused to sit with the others while they ate. However, with her out of the room, Jemma was able to relax, and the rest of them gorged on Brandon’s extra special pepperoni and Sanguis Gelida pizza. The strange, purple mushrooms felt and tasted like wood chips, but the pieces were so small that no one really cared. As they ate, they watched the fireworks crowd continue to grow steadily as the clock neared 9pm. It didn’t take long before random comments began bubbling to the tops of their minds and out of their mouths.
“If I could only have one pizza for the rest of my life? That’s easy. Cheese. Mozzarella cheese. No question about it.” 
“You got any biscuits over there?”
“Here’s some cornbread. It’s good for you.”
“So, eleven hundred pasta noodles went into the water. Three hundred and sixteen noodles came out. Burnt saucepan took the rest.”
“Anyone know the weather tomorrow? Will it be raining? Will it be snowing? Will a hurricane be blowing?”
“Hey, Cindra! Don’t forget, the light concealing cream goes on first. Then you blend, you blend, you blend. Blending is the secret.”
“No more talking now. I mean it.”
“Anybody got a peanut?”
Finally, Troy stood up, grabbed a glass of Diet Coke and the last slice of pizza and said, “I’ve gotta go see about a girl,” and he walked off toward the Ladies Room.
The room was quiet for a beat, and then Whit said, “It’s been real, my friends. But I’ve gotta get going. Before it’s too late, and I can’t find my way home.” He chuckled softly, dropping his greasy napkin onto the table. As soon as he stood, his knees locked up and he stumbled into the side of a chair. “Woah! Guess those little guys are kickin’ in a bit early.” He tried to take a step and realized he couldn’t bend his knees at all. “What the hell…”
“What’s the matter, man?” Brandon asked.
“I can’t bend maaaaaaah…”
“Whit?”
The older man just stood there, his mouth hanging open, his eyes bugging out of his head. “Aaaaaaaaaaah! Aaaaah-uhaaaaaaa!” He tried to take another step and fell against the table, his thin, grey hair covering his face. Joey Mac started barking and hopping around in a panicked frenzy.
“Holy shit!” Brandon was on his feet in a flash. “Whit, are you okay?” He hooked his hands beneath Whit’s armpits and heaved, but the guy couldn’t seem to get his legs beneath him. Jemma stood up but kept a few steps back.
A door squealed open behind them. Troy’s voice called out, “Whit! What’s that dog’s problem? Shut ‘im up!”
A rage bomb went off in Brandon’s head. “Troy, you asshole! What’s in these fucking mushrooms?” With an adrenaline-fueled yank, he managed to drag Whit into one of the booth seats. The man’s legs were sticking out like pins and a long string of spit was hanging from his wide-open mouth.
“What’re you talking about, dude?” Troy’s annoyed confusion turned to shock when he stepped back into the restaurant proper and saw his oldest customer in a heap and drooling like a stroke victim.
“Gngaaaaaaaa!” Whit moaned.
Jemma launched herself at Troy. “Are you trying to kill us, you fuck!” She went to slap him in the face, but he caught her wrist. When she reached back her other arm, her shoulder and arm locked up behind her head. The force of her momentum swung her around and she fell against Troy, knocking him off balance. “I can’t move my arm!” she sobbed angrily. “Brandon! I can’t move my fucking arm!” The scratches on her panicked face stood out in stark relief. When Brandon leaned to the side to get an arm around her waist, both his neck and back seized. He hobbled sideways into another table, his body twisted at a near 90-degree angle. Above him, tears spilled from Jemma’s eyes and dripped onto his cheeks. Her entire face was frozen in a ruin of terrified horror.
“I don’t know!I- I don’t know! I don’t knoo-OOO-oooo…” Troy warbled. His hands flew up and started pawing at his cheeks, his eyes a walleyed mask of horror. He groaned, “Mah fay! Cah… cah!” His fingers went into his mouth as he tried to wrench his frozen jaw loose.
“Troy?” Cindra had followed Troy out of the bathroom. For the first time that night, she looked uncertain. “What’s going on?” In her hand was a half-eaten piece of pizza.
Brandon turned his warped body toward her, the only one left who could still somewhat speak. “’Elp! Leash! ‘Elp ush!”
Before her, misshapen, gnarled figures moaned and wept, their eyes pleading with her to do something, anything. Brandon was nearly folded in half, his right shoulder wrenched up toward the ceiling. The blood from the cut over his eye was mixing with the gobs of saliva dripping from his open mouth. Whit was pulling himself along the floor with his hands, his dead weight legs dragging behind him. His face was the grotesque visage of a stroke victim. Jemma was still standing, but one of her feet was twisted beneath her, and her entire weight rested on the side of her foot, the delicate ankle bones poking out from her skin and into the floor. One of her arms was bent back over her shoulder, while the other was held tight against her body. The worst was Troy. He was rocking back and forth, his hip bumping the Give Pizza Chance pickup counter. Lowing like a demented cow, he was scraping runnels of his perfect, blemish-free skin away from his skull, his fingernails caked with gore, his eyes rolled up into the back of his head. “What happened?” she shrilled.
“Peesha! D’ peesha!” Brandon howled.
Cindra’s wide, panicky eyes dropped slowly down to the abominable, loathsome slab of rubbery crust, bright red sauce, dripping, greasy cheese and purple mushrooms in her hand. She dropped the foul food and ran, hitting the door with her thin shoulder. As soon as she crossed the threshold of the restaurant, she screamed, her voice the shrill winds of a hurricane. The people in the crowded street turned toward her in unison, confused but not afraid… at least, not until she shrieked, “Zombies! They’re all zombies!”
Brandon managed to move fast enough to catch the door before it closed behind her, and, hunched over on stiffening legs, blundered out into the crowd. He tried to ask for help, to make the people before him understand, but all he could do was wail and moan. Behind him, Jemma lurched out of the restaurant, her scratched face turned up toward the moon, her broken ankle bones dragging and stabbing bloodily into the concrete. Troy’s legs still worked, and he ran blindly toward the crowd, his face a bloody ruin. The door swung back and almost closed, but Whit’s dirty hand slipped out just in time. Slowly, oh, so slowly, he pulled his deadened body through the door, using his elbows to drag himself along the sandy sidewalk. All of them were pleading for help with their eyes, but to no avail.
The crowd stood, frozen with fear, as the first firework of this glorious Fourth of July burst in the sky, a shower of red and white fire that backlit the creatures that had been birthed from Give Pizza Chance. As the boom of the explosive finally reached them, the mob panicked. Most ran away, snatching up their children and rushing away from the crowd, back to the place where life was sane. But a chosen few, emboldened naturally or chemically, ran toward these monsters, wielding anything they could get their hands on: shoes, pocketbooks, water bottles.
One particularly resourceful man found himself an aluminum lawn chair and, after snapping and twisting the shiny metal leg from the rest of the seat, used it to stab Troy in the neck. Troy lurched and fell to his knees, his hands fluttering in the air around the improvised weapon. Another man wearing construction boots reared back and kicked an already downed Whit full on in the face, snapping his neck instantly. Joey Mac, who would never leave his master’s side, but someone quickly picked the dog up with a whine.
A confused woman grabbed Jemma’s arm on her way by, thinking she was helping a fleeing member of the crowd, and when she realized who she had, pushed Jemma into Give Pizza Chance’s plate glass display window. This time, the thin pane shattered, and gravity sent daggers of glass slicing into the young woman’s already damaged body. Brandon hobbled along for a dozen feet before knocking into a three-year-old boy, making the kid cry and forcing his young mother to rip the Pop Warner football helmet from her older son’s head and beat the much bigger man to death with it. As for Cindra, she ran as fast as she could, lost in the crowd.
By the time the cops had been called, twelve people had been killed in that Fourth of July stampede in Niantic.
Joey Mac squirmed in the man’s arms. The man pushed up the black cowboy hat he wore.
“Well, boy,” the man said. “In other parts of the US, Sanguis Gelida is also being tried for the first time, I expect to hear about similar tragedies.”
Joey Mac whined.
“And I wouldn’t mind having a companion with me,” the man said as his eyes began to glow.
In the months too come, he sat in a dark and dusty basement somewhere in a forgotten part of the country where you’d least expect to find it. He held his dog, watched the world burn and smiled.

THE CURSE OF THE TOOTH FAIRY 
by Justin Boote

Joshua peers in the open window. Isaac is asleep.
Good, he thinks.
He listens for any sound of Isaac’s parents and hears nothing
 They must be asleep also. Even better.
He struggles to climb through the ground floor window and quietly lowers himself down. He hears his heart’s rapid throbbing in his chest and briefly wonders if it might be loud enough to wake Isaac.
Silly.
Just the usual scares he always feels when he does this.
Joshua creeps over to the sleeping boy and looks at him for a while. He considers Isaac his friend—in the broadest sense of the word for he has no real friends—but he feels jealous of him. Of them all. It is perfectly natural this jealousy, given the circumstances, and another his age might think of doing the same, but he still feels guilt at stealing from them all.
He creeps around to the other side of the bed, and carefully, very, very carefully, lifts the pillow. There it sits. His prize, and Isaac’s. His prize because it belongs to him. For Isaac, another will take its place. And another. For years to come. But for Joshua, there can never be such pleasure, such reward. He has been cursed, he thinks, although he is not entirely sure of the meaning of the word, but it is the word he has heard from others, from his parents, and surely they don’t lie to their children. All he knows is that he is different and doesn’t understand why it should be him when he has always been a good boy. So, he wants to be like all the others.
As he takes his new prize with slightly trembling fingers, and breath trapped in tight lungs, tears begin to form in his eyes. He hates what he does, but someone that talks to him in his head—an invisible, yet oh so real companion—tells him he deserves it. That he is not really stealing something that will be replaced again anyway.
Joshua puts the treasured item in his pocket and creeps back out.
He runs home, careful to avoid being seen, sneaks into his bedroom, and hides the tiny item in the box under his bed, where it will lay with the others until he feels he has enough for what he needs.
Then, he settles into his own bed, sure as always that sleep will be a long time coming, although he will be wrong, and imagines a time, soon, when he can be as others. When soup will not be the only thing he eats day after day, night after night, crying and dreaming of real foods, the joys of crunching, munching, and the gift of speech.
But for Joshua, this will only ever be a dream. A discovery, a fleeting glance, and the superstitious talk of elder folk will ensure that Joshua’s dream will, eventually, and for many others, become a nightmare.
Because here, in this age where the slightest ailment or illness is deemed witchcraft, and its owners burnt at the stake, the actions of young Joshua will also be considered so, and he will be punished for his acts, but not before dictating sentence on those who condemn him. A true curse that will prevail for years.

***

“Someone must have stolen it. But why? It was mine!” cried Isaac.
“I don’t know, son. Someone very nasty and mean. But God will have seen and will punish them in due time. Worry not, I’ll give you a coin myself,” said his annoyed mother, Vera.
She handed sobbing Isaac a coin and kissed his forehead. They had searched all morning for the lost tooth; under the bed, inside the pillow, and it was nowhere to be seen. It had taken her considerable effort to convince Isaac that the Tooth Fairy hadn’t taken it and punished him for some reason by not leaving him any reward. At seven-years-old, Isaac still believed in the Tooth Fairy. The only questions she had were who in Devil’s name was stealing the teeth from the children, and why?
The answer came later that day.
“I saw young Joshua Reeling late last night in the street. He was running home when he should have been in bed. What devilry might he have been doing to be out so late?”
The question came from Vera’s neighbour, Irene Howard. She was an insomniac and often spent the lonely nights staring out the window, praying to God for her sins to be forgiven and for sleep to be returned to her once more. Very little in the small village of Belton escaped her.
Vera raised her eyebrows, then frowned. “He was out here, in our street, you say?”
“Yes. Came running past my house. I never did trust that boy. What God has done to him must be for a reason. Everything is done for a reason.”
Vera rubbed her stubbly chin. It made sense of course. Joshua had been cursed by deformation or some terrible illness and wanted what he had never had; a set of teeth. She’d heard rumours in the last few weeks of children whose fallen teeth had disappeared from under the pillow, left there for the Tooth Fairy to find, yet the only discovery in the morning by distraught children had been deception rather than a coin or small gift for the poorer of the villagers.
No connection had yet been made by the mothers as they discussed such a tragedy, although all knew of Joshua’s plight. But surely, the boy would not steep so low as to steal from fellow children? Would he?
“Well, Irene; it’s funny you say that because only last night my boy’s tooth disappeared from under the pillow. I put it there myself and when I entered his room to leave a coin, it was gone. Just like the other children’s.”
“My God. That’s terrible. You don’t suppose, do you, that…?”
“I don’t know, Irene. All I do know is that children’s teeth disappear when they leave them under their pillow for the Tooth Fairy, and that Joshua Reeling has never had a tooth grow in his cursed body in his life. All I’m saying is that maybe Sheriff Jerkins ought to have a word or pay a visit to his home.”
Irene nodded and instinctively crossed her chest. All were wary of him. His lack of teeth, and the tightly-pulled skin across cheeks that had now sunken inwards and the thin, almost transparent lips gave him the appearance of a sick and potentially contagious victim of some terrible disease. And yet, to be born and have no teeth grow could also mean something else. And there was a name for those that were afflicted with ailment or disease or the curse of second sight, and God played no part in its creation.
Vera looked deeply into the eyes of her friend and saw fear and concern. If what had been implied was true, the Procedure would have to be carried out, regardless of the boy’s age.
“I’ll see the Sheriff myself, and give him the details,” she said, and left.

***

Joshua opens the box and looks at the contents with envy, love, and a certain impatience. There are nine of the precious teeth in there now. He feels that one or two more will be enough to fulfill his dream and knows that tonight Eric Hoggins will leave the tooth that has fallen that very morning under his pillow for the Tooth Fairy.
And he will sneak to his home and take it for his own.
He likes Eric, but his needs are greater, and he is so close to achieving what he has always desired; a full set of teeth. He doesn’t know how he will connect them all together, or fit them into his own mouth, but that is to worry about later.
But first, there is a greater problem; someone is knocking on his door, and he can hear his name called loudly. This, he thinks, may not be good.
He hears the front door to his ramshackle of a home being opened, and his mother arguing with someone. He knows that deep voice of authority and likes it even less. Then, he hears a cry of shock or surprise from his mother and the door bang against the wall.
Rapid footsteps follow down the hallway to his room. Joshua tries to hide the box back in its secret place, but in his panic, several of the teeth fall to the floor.
It is too late.
The door swings open and Sheriff Jenkins bursts in the room, catching Joshua desperately trying to return the stolen teeth to the box.
For a moment, the Sheriff stares at the sweating, red-faced boy, as though unsure what his eyes are seeing. 
Maybe a hallucination for this cannot be. 
He knows of course the rumours and stories of the tooth thief, but has thought on occasion it may be a lie from parents too ashamed to admit they have no means with which to bless their children’s good fortune with. Now though, he realizes the superstitious talk of demons and spirits from the poor farmers and bored housewives may have a foundation in truth. For there can be no other explanation.
The Sheriff finds a voice.
“Joshua Reeling. Can you explain what you are doing with those in your possession? The teeth of the children that have fallen into your hands, when they were left to the Tooth Fairy?”
Joshua is both terrified, and embarrassed. He can only articulate a few words, and they come as a lisp, but even these few seemed to have been lost. He looks down at his ragged shoes and shakes his head. His heart is beating faster than he has ever known, more so than the first time he stole a tooth from some hapless friend or acquaintance.
“I will tell you then, since you are incapable yourself. You have stolen them. For what purpose I cannot say, but what I will say is this; of the nine you have stolen from, three have since died in tragic circumstances. Unnatural circumstances one might say. Only last week, little Emily Robbins was trampled by a horse and cart as she played in the road. Gregory Simson died in his sleep, no natural cause of death.
“You have been born with a curse, and through some form of devilry has subsequently cursed those from whom you have stolen. You have been marked by the Devil, boy, and therefore the Procedure must be applied.”
A scream, loud and sharp comes from the trembling mother who has been listening in horror behind the Sheriff. She begs with the Sheriff that he is mistaken, that her boy has been inflicted with illness since birth, but witchcraft and devilry have no place in this God-fearing home. But Sheriff Jenkins ignores her, and pushes her aside, as he grabs Joshua by the arm, and drags him from the room.
Joshua cries and begs for forgiveness, grabbing at anything to avoid being dragged away, but it is no good. He tries to tell the Sheriff that he is not possessed by demons or has played with the Dark Arts, but his lack of teeth impede clarity in his voice. He is just a poor boy who only wanted his own set of teeth. But he cannot. All he can do is writhe, and struggle, and scream.
The Sheriff ignores him regardless as he drags the shrieking boy across the dusty road to the field opposite, just as he ignores the boy’s mother who is hysterical, and tugging at both the Sheriff and her son, for she knows what is to come.
Sheriff Jenkins knows that it is all a lie anyway. He no more believes the boy has any connection to the deaths than he believes anymore in the curse, but Joshua is a burden to the village. A black sheep among fellow, hard-working villagers. An embarrassment when others come from across town and look at him with both fear and loathing as deals are made for produce. They look to Sheriff Jenkins with what might be disdain and contempt even for surely this pathetic creature before them can offer no benefits to the community, except maybe as a local jester. Maybe he is cursed like the leper, and all will suffer the same fate if contact is made.
In the centre of the field, a crowd has already formed; alerted earlier by the Sheriff of his intentions, and in the middle of the crowd is a large tree. The villagers only dare approach the tree when Procedure is carried out, for many talk in muffled whispers with fearful, pained eyes of the ghostly screams and cries they sometimes hear late at night from this area. Cries of others that have been charged with dark, heinous acts and yet whose souls still linger even after death to torment those involved.
Now though, the only cries are of Joshua and his desperate mother, who is rapidly held back by the Sheriff’s assistants, as he is taken to the tree, hoisted onto a large, wooden block, and a noose is put around his neck. Jeers and insults are liberally applied to Joshua; his pitiful, panic-ridden face, and the wet patch around his filthy trousers only feeding the anger and hate in those present.
The Sheriff silences all, and speaks; “Joshua Reeling; you have been discovered as the instigator of the curse among our village’s children. I saw with my own eyes the evidence that incriminates you. As such, and as dictates of the laws of this town, you will be hung as a practitioner of the Dark Arts until you are dead. Do you have anything to say before the sentence is carried out?”
Joshua realizes that there is nothing he can do to stop the Procedure. Crying and begging will serve no-one.
He looks to his mother who is still shrieking and begging for clemency for her son.
He looks to the Sheriff. He thinks he sees in his eyes a glint of regret maybe, or remorse, for when their eyes meet, the Sheriff’s rapidly look to the ground. Because Joshua may have been cursed with lack of teeth, but his brain works very well for his age, and he knows this is a farce. He knows he causes embarrassment to the others in this small village, and especially to the Sheriff, who tries to avoid Joshua being seen by visitors when they come to do their business.
He has heard others speaking of him as though a blight on their land, a poison. But, he still thinks, it is unfair.
 Their acts are cowardly, and use the excuse of witchcraft, which hasn’t been seen for over fifty years now, to rid the village of him. Joshua wonders if maybe he shouldn’t make them suffer, just as he has. He may die in the next few seconds, and go to Heaven or Hell, but why not let these foolish people suffer for the remainder of their lives in fear, terror? Of what may come to pass?
They deserve it, he thinks.
Maybe they will lie awake at night trembling, wondering if the cries of torment coming from near the Tree are his own, as he plans his revenge from beyond.
Or better yet; let them drown in terror with every falling tooth from their rotten, decayed gums.
He wondered if when they awake in the morning, they will find not coin or gift under their pillow, but maybe their vicious tongue or every single tooth that has been ripped from tortured mouths while they scream through rivers of blood and agony.
And so, as the noose closes, and Joshua’s bowels open, he casts his dying wish upon them all; “You will suffer as I. All of you. When your own teeth fall, watch for me. Watch for…”
And then there is a loud crack as Joshua’s neck snaps. Joshua dies instantly but leaves behind a legacy that will endure for ages.

***

“Shit!”
Elaine Howard spat out the tooth that had been wiggling itself free for the past two days, as though some squirming, trapped thing. She looked at it in the palm of her hand; bloody, disgusting, almost alien-like. 
So gross, she thought, yet so necessary. 
At least this one though wouldn’t require an emergency visit to the dentist. It was hidden at the back of her mouth unseen; a labourer whose work was important but not enough to be visible to the higher hierarchy.
This was just as well. She’d already considered selling her soul to pay the last dentist fee and didn’t need another.
“Hey, honey. What you got there?” asked her husband Jim, as he stepped into the kitchen.
“My damn tooth finally died on me. The one playing me up these last few days.” She held it out to him, as though some ancient relic she’d just discovered.
“Yuck! Disgusting. But, if you’ve been a good girl lately, maybe the Tooth Fairy might bring you a reward. I dunno; a new cell phone or car!”
“I don’t think a car would fit under the pillow, Jim. Unless you mean a toy one?”
Jim embraced and kissed her. “Well, you never know. And I’m sure you have been a good girl, so why don’t we leave it and see what happens?”
Elaine looked into his eyes. He had that mischievous little gleam she liked so much—that had attracted her in the first place. The look that said life was just a game and should be treated as such; to the full. And it was both contagious and overpowering. If only they could have children…
“Come on, let’s go to bed. I hear the Tooth Fairy’s hours have been cut back. Damn recession. If he comes and finds nothing, he won’t hang around,” said Jim, and winked at her.
She laughed and followed him to bed, but not before putting the tooth in a little bag, and under her pillow.
An hour later, after another innovative attempt at creating an offspring, they fell asleep.
Three hours later, Elaine awoke.
“Jim, leave me alone. I’m asleep,” she mumbled and turned over.
She rubbed her mouth. It seemed Jim wanted to continue where they’d left off, and was kissing her, although this time, his eagerness seemed to have gotten away with him. It had actually hurt her the way he’d forced his tongue into her mouth. She turned over again; Jim was insistent. Now he had his fingers in her mouth. She swatted him away, as consciousness slowly returned, and took her from her cozy dream-world.
“Jim, leave me alone.”
Then, dream-world faded completely. Replaced by a shrill giggling that resonated in her ears.
But before she had time to question its origin, the fingers that had been in her mouth returned, although it seemed, armed with a series of treacherous claws or hooks for she felt something sharp tugging forcefully at her teeth.
She tried to scream, but instead, only a muffled cry came.
She grabbed wildly at whatever pulled and tugged at her teeth, yet only succeeded in slapping and scratching her own lips and chin. It was as though an invisible force was attacking her.
This sent her state of panic to the next level.
She writhed and kicked out, but her feet connected with nothing.
With her other arm, she flayed out at Jim, desperate to wake him, and help her, but no movement or noise came from him. It was as though he had been drugged. She tried to bite down on the fingers but felt nothing.
Her teeth felt as though the dentist was trying to rip them all out with pliers and no anesthetic. Throbbing, grinding, searing pain.
 A coppery taste filled her mouth, then the back of her throat. She gargled for help, knowing what the taste and liquid were. Then, in one gargantuan explosion of pain, her entire set of recently polished and cleaned teeth exploded from her mouth, scattering across the bed and floor like miniature dice.
Jim would find her the next morning unconscious, the pillow covered in blood, his wife’s mouth as though someone had kicked it repeatedly. It was questionable as to who might need more sedatives in the foreseeable future.

***

He revels in his own power. The joys of torture, of revenge. In the time that has elapsed, he has never forgotten his own suffering. The list is long, and many have already received due payment, but there is still much to do. One name above all others, but for now it can wait. He wants that person to lie awake at night, wants to see her whimper at every dark shadow that moves across the room. Scream at the slightest noise that could indicate the unknown or an approaching terror.
For her final suffering will be eternal. A crumb, a speck of dust compared to what she will know first. And he will laugh while she screams and begs for mercy, while she pleads ignorance, but her ignorance will also be his own.
She is part of the curse, whether she likes it or not. A relative of the one who ended his life without guilt, and lived with not a single element of remorse for the remainder of his days.
But first, to play.
He likes to play.
It is fun, and he has not known fun for such a long time. And he knows just the person to play with. One who has just lost a tooth and will soon creep into bed, and perhaps dream of a gift or coin. 
For the Tooth Fairy visits all, does it not? 
Regardless of age.

***

Caroline Jenkins stared at the newspaper report. She didn’t like it, even though she’d written it herself. Not the report itself, but the content.
Another had been attacked in bed—the fourth—while asleep, her teeth ripped from her mouth. But this time, the victim, Elaine Howard, had survived and was currently being treated at Westside Hospital, although there were rumours that she may be transferred to Northgate Hospital for the mentally-impaired.
As investigative journalist for the Eastern Daily Press, it was her job to uncover the facts behind the bizarre attacks in her village of Belton, and yet, she didn’t know where to even begin. That someone could creep into another’s home unseen, and for some unknown reason rip their teeth from their mouths, horrified her.
She’d heard of some bizarre fetishes in her time, but this one defied belief. And on three occasions, their respective partners had been asleep next to them and remained completely oblivious to what was occurring. Which, considering the amount of blood and the evident struggles produced, was technically impossible if they weren’t drugged beforehand. All had died from shock or by choking on their own blood, except Elaine.
Caroline thought a visit was called for.

The hospital security was slack, if non-existent. She was experienced already in the art of deceiving security or blagging her way through awkward questions, but she still thought it curious that no police guard had been placed near Elaine’s room considering the circumstances.
She reminded herself that should she ever need treatment, she’d look elsewhere. Too many weirdos circulated the streets for her liking, although, in a way, she thought this a good thing. It kept her job interesting.
She found room 216—an old school friend worked at the hospital, and they helped each other out when necessary—and peered in. Elaine was alone, sitting up in bed, watching TV. Caroline never gave a thought about intrusion and walked in.
The face that turned and greeted her partially explained, she thought, why no police officers were taking her statement.
Four days had passed since Elaine’s attack but the gravity of it was still clearly visible.
Her lower lip was ripped off showing the bloody, scarred gum below. No teeth were present which reminded Caroline of her grandmother’s mouth when she removed her dentures at night—like a particularly old and battle-scarred fish who might have had several tussles with piranhas and only narrowly escaped. 
What remained of her other lip was pulled upwards, making it look like Elaine was attempting a sneer. A series of heavy, thick stitches joined the two pieces of her upper lip together, and at first Caroline thought the surgeon must have accidentally stitched her lip to her nose, so exaggerated was it.
What remained of her tongue waggled in her mouth like some sly eel hiding in wait for advancing prey.
No words were would be coming out of this mouth in the foreseeable future.
Doing her utmost not to appear too shocked or disgusted, Caroline approached the woman and sat down. It was obvious that Elaine was heavily sedated from the glassy, empty look in her eyes, but Caroline still tried to get something out of her.
“Hi, Elaine. My name’s Caroline Jenkins. I’m a journalist from the Eastern Daily Press, and I’m investigating the case. Whoever did this to you and the others is obviously a very sick, evil person, who needs to be caught before he acts again. Can you indicate if you recognized in any way the person who did this to you?”
Elaine shook her head.
“You mean you didn’t see the person, or his face was covered?”
She shook her head again, but simulated writing. Caroline gave her a pen and notebook from her handbag. But when the book was returned, she frowned.
“Invisible,” it said.
Caroline was lost for words.
“What do you mean invisible, Elaine?” she eventually asked.
Tears ran down Elaine’s cheeks, while she pointed again and again to what she had written.
“That’s impossible. In the shock, you must have lost the image of whoever it was that attacked you. Post-traumatic shock. Why didn’t your husband wake up and help?”
Elaine shrugged.
Caroline knew from another contact at the police station that her husband Jim had been thoroughly interrogated, but it soon became clear he had nothing to do with the attack. He’d even allowed them to give him a toxicology test to see if he’d been drugged. Negative.
Then, Elaine grabbed hold of the pen and notebook again and began to scribble furiously.
“Invisible. A ghost. Young. Giggling like kid,” Carol read.
How to respond to that?
Caroline had seen and heard of many strange things in her time and was open to the possibility of life after death, but this?
And as far as she was aware, ghosts didn’t come back from the dead and rip out its victim’s teeth. She decided she wasn’t going to get any more constructive information - evidently she was still in shock - so, despite Elaine’s pleading, tearful eyes, she said her goodbyes, and left.
How to write a serious report for the newspaper with this?
She’d become the laughing stock of the company, hell, the whole town. And yet, there was something in this whole story that resonated with her. She thought it might be related to her college days when studying journalism.
She’d written a piece about her ancestor’s, and the life they lived in the village where she still resided, back when witches roamed. Her great-grandfather had the dubious honour of being one of the last to hang such a person.
More so, because it had been a child who…
Caroline gasped, and dropped the coffee mug she was holding at her desk.

***

Yesterday, he had seen to the fifth on his short list.
There remains only one and he is at that person’s house now in fact.
After this, I will sleep, he thinks. I will sleep for a time until the children of those slain have reached an age where their teeth will no longer fall of their own accord, and I will return.
He will become legend among legends.
He did not make the same mistake yesterday with Mary Hugsome, as he did with the previous.
No, this time, he stayed to ensure she drowned in her blood as it clogged her throat. If not, he would have finished the job himself.
It was a pleasure to watch her drown. The smell of fear and death; blood, sweat, shit, piss.
The sweet stench of righteousness and justice. And yet, this one will be oh so more potent in design and execution.
He watches her now as she lays in bed.
He knows that she now knows, and has discovered the origin of this curse, and this can only make it more enjoyable.
Her fear exudes from every pore, but tonight he will only tease her. It is, after all, a game, and teasing is part of the attraction.
He approaches the bed, and whispers obscenities in her ear, as her eyes slowly draw tightly together.
She moans, possibly enjoying what he insinuates.
His cold hand slides slowly over her chest, provoking her. He thinks for a moment of ripping the prominent, stiff bulges, but this would be too easy.
Let her suffer first.
 Then, when he thinks she is sound asleep, perhaps dreaming of some Romeo lover in her now excited state, he wiggles a finger into her open, delicate mouth, and takes hold of a tooth.
It is loose, and he already knew this. Her mouth closes and she turns but this is no problem, for he can be many shapes and the physicality of humans holds no boundaries for him.
He wiggles the tooth again, giggling as she moans and tries to swat away his invisible hand, then, delicately, carefully, gives a slight pull, and the tooth comes away from its fleshy prison.
She rubs her mouth but continues lost in her secret world. He thinks of maybe stabbing her in the eye with the tooth’s two prongs.
Do eyes bleed?
Or maybe stabbing her still-hard nipples.
No; maybe later, tomorrow. Instead, he puts it under her pillow. Tomorrow when she makes the bed, she will see it.
And she will wonder.
And she will know.

***

Caroline sat at the breakfast table, her tongue absently prodding the small whole she now had in her gums. Fortunately, it had been a tooth at the back, so a mad dash to the dentist was not required.
This time.
What bothered her more was not remembering it falling last night when in bed, and there had been no discarded tooth on the pillow or the floor or anywhere.
Could the cat have gotten it and be playing with it? Could I have swallowed it?
Not entirely out of the question, and really, both thoughts were quite disgusting, but, right now, there were other more important things to think about, and not completely unrelated either.
Sheriff Jenkins—her ancestor. He had been the one who hung the boy Joshua Reelings for witchcraft; the last to occur in Belton.
The idea seemed both absurd and cruel—that a nine-year-old boy could be accused of such a thing—but in those days, of course, the slightest disfigurement was cause for hanging. What worried her now though, was the relationship between that death and the murder’s occurring now, here in the same village.
In a crude pencil-sketch she’d observed while studying for her thesis, she had seen Jenkins standing by the great tree that still stood in the field near her home, accompanied by a posse of others; their names written below.
One stood out above others; Irene Howard. That surname rang a bell. Elaine Howard had been a victim of the Tooth Fairy Killer the other day.
Another in the sketch was named Jonny Hugsome, the Sheriff’s deputy.
A Mary Hugsome had been found dead only yesterday.
She looked on her computer for the names of the other three. All coincided with those in the sketch.
She gasped, put her hand to her mouth.
For the second time that week, her coffee mug fell to the floor.
Caroline Jenkins was trained to connect thoughts, read between lines. Be it a politician’s lies spoken through half-truths, or a witness’s overly exaggerated statement concerning some important occurrence, she looked for facts, and evidence to support those facts.
There was nothing worse than reporting some major incident only for her source to have been lying.
 And yet, here before her, was physical evidence, and a series of facts that combined, told an astonishing and unbelievable truth. Five people dead, same MO: five names - the same surnames - in a sketch drawn over a hundred years ago. And a boy cursed.
“Bullshit,” she whispered.
Yet, she didn’t quite believe what she had just told herself. That nagging doubt, the pinnacle that was the basis for all investigative journalists that strived for fame and glory told a different story.
And her hands were shaking slightly as she lit another cigarette.
They shook further when she realized the only name in the sketch where there was still no related death was a certain Sheriff Jenkins.
She decided she needed time to think of the possible implications. Finding the tooth that had fallen last night before the cat found it would do for starters.
Caroline headed upstairs, her head a confused jumble of thoughts and possibilities.
She looked first under the bed.
Nothing. 
Then, in the bed, patting the sheets to see if anything jumped up or fell to the floor.
“The hell is it?”
Her nerves shot, she threw the pillow to the floor.
Then screamed.
An array of bloodied teeth lay there; six in all.
She staggered backwards, a whimper escaping from sudden dry lips. Instinctively, her tongue roamed around in her mouth, looking for any more potential gaps in her teeth, but she already knew what the outcome would be.
And she was right.
Fortunately, her job provided her with enough of a wage to maintain her features in optimum conditions, and only one tooth had fallen in the last six months. But there were six laying on her bed.
And she knew their origins.
She recalled what Elaine Howard had said at the hospital; invisible. Chuckling, like a child.
Somehow, in this day of advanced technologies, medical wonders, and answers for everything, there had lingered a remnant from a dark age, when ignorance and simple, unknown concepts signified terror. A curse from God, or possession by demon. Somehow, it had survived and returned.
And she was the last on that damn list.
Her legs betrayed her, as she sunk to the floor.
“This is impossible,” she said over and over.
A chuckle escaped her.
It felt good that chuckle despite the implications. So good in fact that she thought it might convert into a full-on belly-aching burst of laughter. The type that won’t stop despite the growing stitch in the side, and the possibility that one’s bladder might empty its contents everywhere if it didn’t stop soon.
But it also had its ominous side.
Because if she did start laughing, she might not stop. She might not stop until it became a scream that would wake the neighbourhood, and then certain authorities might be called, and take her to Northgate when she explained why.
Oh well. If they do, at least I can discuss the latest in dental care with Elaine Howard, she thought, then chuckled again.
She rubbed her eyes, surprised to see they were wet and stinging. Her long blonde hair was stuck to her cheeks and felt as though she’d walked through a field of cobwebs.
“This is impossible,” she repeated. “Wait. Did I just say that again? Is this another sign? Is that how it all starts? What’s next? Start seeing that damn, fucking boy everywhere I go, and in my dreams?”
She slapped herself on the cheek.
“Get a grip, girl. Remember who you are.”
Who she was, she told herself, was a successful investigative journalist, who took no shit from no-one, and had no boyfriend because she was too busy trying to step up important ladders. 
Ladders that might see her one day standing in front of an admiring crowd with a Pulitzer in her hand from Watergate dimensions that put her there.
If she was to finish her article on the Tooth Fairy Killer stating that it was a boy who had been hung over a hundred years ago, and had come back to seek revenge, that dream might remain just that.
Then, afterwards, she could perhaps look for a new career like waitress perhaps, or store attendant?
Might it be better to keep this little piece of information to herself, she wondered. At least until…Until what?
“Until it comes for me and gives a whole new meaning to anesthetic-free dental surgery,” she said aloud.

***

“Sorry Liz, I won’t be coming in today. I’ve arranged an interview with Jim Howard—Elaine’s husband—and I want to be there,” Caroline lied to her boss, then hung up before any protest was forthcoming.
She needed to focus, which was not easy. It wasn’t every day one discovered an actual curse was the cause for the horrific murders in the village, and that she, in all probability, would be receiving a visit from its instigator that very night.
Hadn’t modern science answered all the questions that still lingered? Ghosts, the afterlife, the origin of Man, the universe? How the hell was it possible for something like this to be happening in the Twenty-First Century? But the world was still full of enigmas, wasn’t it? Weren’t there cases of true horror still occurring? Could science really explain them all as anomalies of the human psyche? Deja-vu? Demonic possession? Perhaps there really did exist a parallel world, a place where the dead lived and roamed. Some harmless, irrelevant. Others; vengeful, angry. Perhaps when one is so full of hate and anger, and dies unexpectedly or unjustly, that need for justice, for revenge, grows so potent, that a porthole is opened. A door back to where it all happened.
The only question is, how to close that door again?
Caroline hadn’t been so eager to dismiss the possibility of life after death before all this, but that didn’t mean she knew a lot about it. Now though, she thought she might have an idea about closing this particular porthole. If not, she wouldn’t be around to get another chance.
Tonight, when everyone was safely tucked up in bed, she decided she’d have to test her theory. If what she had read on the Internet concerning real-life hauntings was true, short of an exorcism—which she didn’t think would work in this case—this might be the only way to send little shit Joshua Reeling away for good.

***

It is time. He awakens from his shallow bed and giggles. He may be older now (not in body, but at least in years), but he still likes to giggle. Like when he was a young boy and dreamed of a brighter future, staring at his prized collection. A future where he could enjoy simple things as others; talking normally, eating solids.
But it was taken from him.
All he wanted was to be a normal boy, yet this wish was stolen. By someone whose own personal pride and egoism went beyond all other emotions and desires.
 And now, he will avenge himself.
He will seek the Sheriff’s blood and rip her teeth out one by one, making her swallow some, gouge her eyes out with others. 
And all this time while she is screaming and begging her innocence, he will laugh into her bloodied face, giggle as her life drains from her, and then, finally, he will tear her tongue from its roots, and she will drown on her own vile blood and wretched organ.
Happy, knowing that sleep will come again soon after this deed is finished, until the next generation is ready, he heads to her home.

***

Caroline checked once again that no-one was in the vicinity, then jumped over the wire fence.
Breathing heavily, she picked up the shovel she’d brought with her, then ran to the far corner of the graveyard.
Here was another small area fenced off, that no-one entered; no groundsman, no gardener, certainly no mourners. For here, mourners were neither welcome nor expected.
It was a dead patch of land, although others, perhaps foolish or drunk as they conspired to win the hearts of potential lovers, had been known to venture inside to show off their bravery.
The last teenager to enter and brag to laughing, alcohol-induced friends was currently spending an undetermined amount of time at Northgate Hospital for the mentally-impaired. He regularly wets himself and will claw at his own skin and flesh whenever the lights are turned out in his padded room. He will beg for the wailing and taunting - that only he could hear - to stop.
No rodent sought food here, nor subsequently was preyed upon by larger carnivores, although surely food must be abundant for the rats and mice, considering what lay below the hard, dead soil. Even the wind seemed to avoid this area; the trees - directly hanging over - their bark as black and poisonous as the land, as still as the twinkling stars, while the trees surrounding it bristled with vigour and life.
This was where the accursed were laid. Not to rest, for surely there could never be rest for those who had dared to dabble in the Dark Arts, but instead hidden; a stain on the land by those whose exploits were punished by hanging, and were now left forgotten to rot in whatever way they saw fit.
And it was here Caroline knew that Joshua lay.
She’d looked in the archives and on the Internet concerning stories of witchcraft in Belton and the surrounding villages, and figured this had to be where he had been buried.
Hammered into the ground with no particular design or purpose were rotten, wooden stakes, names scratched crudely into them. Caroline didn’t know the reasons for the names, perhaps so villagers at the time could pass by while visiting loved ones in the main graveyard and piss on the graves of the condemned. Either way, it was irrelevant, for the one she was looking for stood at the back of the plot.
“Thank God for that,” she muttered.
 The night was cool for late August, and she also thanked God it wasn’t the middle of November or December when the ground would be frozen and impossible to dig up, and yet, there was still an eerie feel to the place, as though time took on a different reality here. As though it was trapped permanently in late autumn, the sun failing to break through the wilting trees, and the snow not daring to fall onto the bitter ground should it become poisonous and contaminate the rest of the graveyard.
Not even the weeds had bothered to encroach the area.
She put down the shovel and scanned the graveyard again. Although it was relatively cold, she was sweating and panting; her heart dancing in her chest at a furious pace.
“Okay, you son of a bitch. This ends now. You want me; come and get me,” she said, and began digging.

***

He floats through the wall to her house, and up to her bedroom. She will be asleep, for she is always asleep at this hour, her faint snoring a bait for those that prey by night.
He stifles a giggle for he does not want to wake her so soon. That will come later when he has teased her sufficiently to warrant a greater scream from terrified lungs when she opens her eyes.
He floats through her bedroom door and hovers over her bed. She thinks she is innocent and has no relation to the actions of her great-grandfather, but she is wrong. They are all guilty. Years may have passed, but their blood is the same. Why should they live while he floats in limbo? If life was not fair for him then, why so for them now?
He thinks these thoughts as he prepares to descend, but suddenly his grin disappears to be replaced by a frown.
 Something is not right.
Very wrong in fact.
The body lying in bed is not moving, not snoring. He has come to know that mild snore well by now, a rhythm that resonates within him constantly as he sneers at her dreaming body night after night.
Surely…no.
This would be a terrible trick to play on him. Her life is his life, it cannot be forfeited to another. She would not be so gullible as to forsake her own, denying him his last and greatest pleasure.
With terrible fury, he throws the blanket from the bed.
He has been deceived!
A roar of anger echoes throughout the room, shattering windows, shaking furniture. In the bed is not the woman he has come to torture, but a poor replica; pillows outlining the form that he believed to be her body.
And then, before he can even begin to assimilate the news, or conceive of a punishment to outrival this treachery, something far worse happens. He feels as though something is tugging at his body, twisting at his arms, his neck, yet he knows this to be impossible, for he does not possess any physical attributes.
And the realization hits him.
He bellows in horror, then flies through the shattered window in the direction of his home, cursing the woman and praying to make it in time.

***

Finally, Caroline’s shovel banged against something hard.
She knew what it was immediately for there were no rocks in this soil. She threw the shovel, then took a deep breath.
Her hands were shaking with both exhaustion and anticipation, her heart thudding against her chest.
“Okay, let’s see what we’ve got,” she whispered.
She knelt and scraped away the dirt expecting to find some old, rotten coffin.
Instead, her hand touched something round.
Instinctively, she withdrew her hand again, then returned it. Should have guessed, she thought.
Why bother with a coffin? Just dig a hole and throw ‘em in. Like in the Great Plague. Or the concentration camps. Had mankind really advanced that much further as he liked to think?
 She didn’t think so.
She knelt further into the grave and wiped away the dirt covering the bones. There it lay; the source of all the horrors Belton had suffered in the last few weeks. So tiny, yet so horrific in effect. She shook her head and took a moment to reflect now that it was here in all its terrible glory.
I still can’t believe I’m doing this. Me, who wouldn’t believe a damn thing anyone told me, without facts, without some kind of base in which to start an investigation, and here I am, digging up the bones of some kid who’s put a curse on the village.
She felt another bellow of laughter forming in her throat, but stifled it. Again, she wanted to laugh, really let fly, but then, that would be the end, wouldn’t it?
She’d sit back, laugh her best, and wait for them to come and take her away.
Or until he came.
That did it. Caroline rubbed her face and set herself to the task at hand.
She tugged at the arm first, expecting it to come away easy, but apparently not. She thought she knew a little about autopsies, and DNA., and crime scenes, but it seemed her knowledge of human bone separation was not one of her strong points.
“Fuck it,” she said, and went straight for the head instead.
 Her idea was to remove the skeleton, separate it and bury it elsewhere, away from this cursed, blighted patch of the graveyard, somewhere sacred; her theory being that then the boy’s spirit would have no choice but to leave this world, and…well, do whatever they do.
It worked in all those dumb horror movies I saw!
She had also read from some of the true-life cases she’d looked at on the Internet, so she guessed it wouldn’t hurt to try it here.
Because if it didn’t work, it was all over, wasn’t it?
But then, as she tried to separate the head from the body, something distracted her.
The wind rose suddenly, a whistling sound reverberated through the trees. She shuddered, goose-bumps covering her arms, as though one of eastern England’s famous north-wind gales were brewing over the horizon.
The air became heavy, stifling, and then, what froze her heart was the scream that she first thought to be the wind through the trees.
But this was no wind, it was human.
Caroline panicked.
She dragged the tiny skeleton up out of the grave and searched wildly around for the shovel.
It was behind her. She grabbed it and brought it down hard on the skull. A few pieces of bone disintegrated but nothing else.
“Dammit. Come on,” she cried.
She smashed the skull again, using all her force, sobbing in her panic and desperation at the same result. Then, she realized what she was doing wrong. She turned the shovel sideways, brought it up over her head, and prepared to sever the skull from the rest of the body.
It was then a force slammed into her from behind.
She screamed and fell to the ground, dropping the shovel.
A loud, piercing shriek echoed around the graveyard. Caroline tried to scramble to her feet again but was thrown back.
She clawed at the skull, only inches away from her, but her fingers only found soil.
“You bastard!” she screamed. “ Go away.”
Writhing madly on the floor, clutching at nothing, she suddenly felt something cold and hard enter her gaping mouth.
Invisible probes seemed to be grabbing at her teeth, tongue, anything to get a hold. She gagged and swatted with both hands at the thing in her mouth, but only succeeded in slapping herself.
Joshua - for it had to be him - wrapped his fingers around her tongue and began to pull with terrible force.
A high-pitched giggling accompanied Caroline’s gargles and muffled screams, as she kicked and slapped at the cold air.
She tried to turn over onto her stomach, but something heavy held her down.
Joshua pulled harder.
She could feel the tendons stretching at the back of her throat and a warm liquid begin to fill her mouth.  wasn’t going to stop.
As her strength failed, she could see her tongue protruding from her mouth at an impossible length, and from somewhere an image of a lizard capturing a passing fly came to her dying brain, only this time she was the fly, and the invisible thing above her; predator.
Then, as the giggling rose to a shrill chuckle and her flailing waned, she noticed something out of the corner of her eye.
Something white and fuzzy.
At first, she took it to be the famous white light that some claimed to see in their dying moments, and she realized this might not be a bad thing after all.
To die.
She didn’t want to, and certainly not at the hands of a pissed, dead boy, but if it meant there really was an afterlife or Heaven.
Couldn't be the door to Hell, surely, she thought. Well, things couldn’t be so bad, could they?
But then, the white light was accompanied by another, then another, and slowly they approached. For a fleeting moment, she wondered if they might be doors and she would have to choose which one to pass through, but, as they drew closer, she realized they weren’t doors at all, or tunnels beckoning her with its white beam, but figures.
As her tongue finally came free from its fleshy hold, with a sickly fwwaccch! sound and blood filled her mouth and throat, the ghostly figures came into view and she realized in what she took to be her last dying breath, that she was right.
Indeed, it was a figure that now stood over her.
Even though it was hazy and cloudy, she recognized the faded golden-coloured badge on its chest. The figure next to it also wore the same star.
Then, as she choked on her own blood, and her tongue fell next to her, the boy that had been sitting over her suddenly produced a resounding shriek.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
It echoed through the trees as though spoken by a thousand minions of its kind. She felt the great weight on her chest released and watched with blurry, heavy eyes as her great-grandfather, Sheriff Jenkins, and his deputy Jonny Hugsome grabbed at some invisible object.
Their arms tugged and pulled it away from her, she thought she could make out something semi-transparent flailing and writhing in their arms. And then, just before unconsciousness took her, she saw the three figures slowly sink down into the ground on the edge of the witch’s plot where she lay, taking Joshua Reeling with them.
The last she saw before her mind closed was a small golden-coloured star sitting atop the soil, glinting in the moonlight.

***

Elaine Howard kissed her son Alex and smiled down at him the best she could. Five years had passed, and despite numerous operations and a full set of false teeth, the scars provoked that fateful night were still visible. It hurt terribly to smile or even worse, laugh. The only joy in her life now was her husband’s constant support and the boy who had been born nine months after the event.
And now, Alex held in his hand the first of his baby teeth that had fallen.
For an instant, a terrible memory came flooding back, and she winced. But she wasn’t worried. The thing that had been the Tooth Fairy Killer had been caught, or more precisely banished, according to the reports she’d read in the local newspaper. She didn’t know whether to believe what Caroline Jenkins had apparently written before dying at the local hospital, but what she did know is that since then, no more attacks had taken place.
That was good enough for her.
“Bed-time, Alex,” she said. “We’ll put the tooth under the pillow. Maybe the tooth fairy will come and leave you something.”
 The tooth under his pillow, Elaine kissed him and left the room.
Several hours later, she awoke. She thought she could hear a faint giggling coming from Alex’s bedroom.
She’d already swapped the fallen tooth for a few coins, maybe Alex had awoken, found the money and was contemplating what he’d spend it on.
She rose from bed, headed quietly towards his room, and peered in the open door.
Alex was fast asleep, but as she returned to her own room, she swore she could still hear somewhere that giggling; faint, childish, and in a tone she thought she might have heard before.

The End
SUBTLE REMINDERS 
By: N.M. Brown

“Damn, Pete!” my newest co-worker Marlon exclaimed as he nodded across the bar. “That woman’s eyes are all over you. It’s that time again, huh?”
I tried to hide my devilish smirk as I nodded in agreement. I slid my hand down the side of my beer, using the condensation to loosen my wedding band. It popped off of my finger and into my pocket effortlessly, as it has time and time before.
My eyes took their time to survey the room before I finally met her gaze.
Jesus Christ, she’s got gorgeous eyes.
I’ve always loved redheads but green eyes just take it over the fucking top.
“Oh my god…” Marlon continues. “Is that one of them ‘Marilyn Monroe beauty marks’?”
Sure enough, right next to her left eye was the tiniest of moles, a period at the end of God’s sentence.
Just then, something vibrated in my pocket and interrupted me just as I was about to walk over to her.
It’s Maggie...my wife, I groaned.

“Can u plz bring home some dinner? Preferably something involving red meat. I’ve got the weakness today, bad,” I read.
Fucking great.
I texted back that it was no problem and I told her my phone was dying and that I’d be home as soon as I could.
I then put the phone in my pocket, and our eyes met again. As if she read my mind, she smiled coyly and tipped her head towards the back restrooms. I didn’t bother to tell Marlon where I was going, I just headed on back.
By the time I reached the men’s room, I was already fully engorged in anticipation of what’s to come.
Soon, I heard her heels click across the tile floor, I was fully ready to go, all rationale left  my mind as primal instinct took over. She smiled and bit her lower lip at me.  That was all it took to let me know she wanted the same thing.

***

By the time I g0t some steak at the store and arrived home, I prayed Maggie was already asleep. My only desire was to go inside, change my clothes and fall into a sleep coma. That girl, from the bar, was a wildcat. She actually requested that I put my wedding ring back on before I gave her the best forty minutes of bliss she probably had all month.
These fuckin’ women these days...
To my relief, my wife was sleeping soundly curled up in a ball on my side of the bed. She always ends up asleep on my side of the bed. She’ll hold  my pillows if she goes to bed before I do.
Those nights seem more and more frequent lately, I think to myself.
Guilt crept into my mind like a toxic fog momentarily before I shove it away. Maggie scooted her ass backwards until it found my body. As I snuggled against the back of her body, she started to grind her hips against me, a telltale sign that she felt good enough for sex. The sensation sent uncomfortable jolts through my groin, after having well satiated its needs earlier.
“Baby, my boss was really a dick today and I got pulled over on my way home. Can I just hold you tonight? Please?” I pleaded softly.
“Mmm-hmm.” She murmured , my words had not fully sunk in. Her head shot up seconds later, and almost hit my nose in the process. “What do you mean got pulled over?”
“It’s okay, honey. I was speeding a little to get home to you. He only gave me a warning,” I lied. That seemed to be enough for her, because only moments later, she snored away. 

***

Two mornings later, I awoke to the smell of bacon and pancakes. Maggie limped into the bedroom and held a tray with food on it. She picked up the remote disgustedly and turned off a breaking news report on the television set.
“Nothing but murder and madness,” she muttered as she sat on the corner of my side of our bed.
She’d started having vision problems in her late teens. A few years after she married me in her mid-twenties, she felt pins and needles in her legs and feet. One day in the supermarket, her leg just gave out because her muscle refused to move.
We went to the doctor and expected it to be a pinched nerve or at the very worst, neuropathy from unknown diabetes, which ran in her family. The MS diagnosis was one neither one of us saw coming, or even knew anything about. She had good days and bad days, but the doctors said the bad days would grow more frequent with age.
That was ten years ago.
“Good morning, sexy,” she said. One of her sparkling eyes winked at me above a wide smile. Something was different about her, though I couldn’t quite pinpoint exactly what. My wife straddled me over the bed sheet and I could feel the heat of need radiate from between her legs.
“My my, Maggie may,” I teased. “Someone’s feeling better today. Not that I’m complainin’.”
She giggled adorably before she leaned down to kiss me. When she did, I noticed something that’s never been there before. 
“Maggie, honey what’s that by your eye? Did you hurt yourself?”
She climbed off of me, plopped down on her side of the bed and crossed her arms over herself protective before placing a strand of hair behind a dainty ear so I could inspect it further.
“What... this? I’ve always had this. I’ve never known if it’s a mole or beauty mark, but either way, I like it. We’ve talked about it before. Jesus Christ, what’s with you?”
The mood ended there.
A few weeks later, I drove out of state for the weekend. My company sent me to a seminar about a new piece of trial technological equipment that could ‘change the way the World viewed plastic surgery’. I decided that I didn’t give a shit about whatever it was they had to show me before the plane even landed. I was just grateful for the paid hotel and weekend.
Maggie had become insufferably clingy in the past week or so, and as hateful as it is to admit, I was glad to have the space.
“Are you sure you’ll be alright?” I asked her for the fortieth time as I backed down the driveway. She nodded and waved me off with a promise of kisses and dinner when I returned.
My room was decent. The shower worked and the bedding was nice. It even had free Wi-Fi and a continental breakfast. One thing I’d learned over the years of travel was that the nicer the hotel that they put you in, the more tedious the event you were to attend would be.
On the first day, they wanted us to attend a conference in the hotel’s main meeting hall before breaking for lunch -  a grueling three and a half hours of blathering bullshit.  Once seated, it only took a few moments before I felt a pair of eyes burn into the seat of my pants. I turned around subtly to see a woman stare hungrily at  me. It was obvious the only interest she had in the activity of the room was right below my belt buckle.
She was gorgeous. Once she stood, I was surprised to see that she was taller than me, a trait I normally stayed away from. Something about her smile though - there was the smallest gap between her front teeth that drove me crazy. It was a perfect imperfection that caught and kept my attention.
We spent our lunch break up in my room, so wrapped up in each other physically that we were almost late for the second half. I didn’t catch her name, and she certainly didn’t care to know mine. 
It was perfect.
As I pulled into the driveway, Maggie waited for me on the front porch. The way that she looked struck confusion and fire into my heart. My wife, who not even six months ago could barely stand without assistance, looked every bit as good as she did on the day we got married. It wasn’t until she began to walk towards me that I noticed the painful limp and weathered steps.
“Hey, Pete!” she waved proudly. “I’m glad you’re home.”
Even though I’m an asshole I really do love my wife. It made me happy to see her and in a way, at my darkest moments after the sex had faded from the air and the bed was mine alone again, I did miss her.
What kind of man would I be if I didn’t?
My wife took me in her arms and we swayed together to a silent tune. The smell of vanilla and roasted chicken melded wonderfully in the air as we walked inside. We continued to embrace as I nuzzled my nose behind her ear and whispered words of affection and praise. My movements sent a tickle throughout her shoulders and she threw her head back in a loud laugh.
That’s when I saw it. The hidden alteration that stood out to me earlier was now out in the open and screaming in my face.
Between her ruby red lips, there were a set of shining white teeth. Two of which, the front two, had the daintiest gap between them.
Now I knew that certainly wasn’t there before. I had a picture in my wallet to prove it.
“My god love, are you alright?” I asked as I slightly pulled away from her arms. “Did you get hurt? It looks like you chipped a front tooth?”
Her eyes widened in nonsensical disbelief as she thought over my question.
“Shut the hell up, Pete!  You know I’m sensitive about my teeth,” she said as she stiffened in hurt and offense and disengaged from my arms completely.
She spent the rest of the night locked in our room, which meant I slept on the couch. All night I heard her sob, and heard her mumble, “I’m not there yet! One day I will be what I am meant to be.” I was able to see a red light form under the crack, but I just waved it off and went to sleep. 
After everything Maggie’s been through and all of the strange behavior lately, I knew that if I continued to spend time with other women was possibly the worst thing I could have done...
...and that’s exactly what I did.
An old friend named Carla from college had come to town for the weekend and asked me to meet and catch up. She’d just found out her husband had cheated on her (the irony of that wasn’t lost on me I assure you) and wanted to come to clear her head and get some space.
We met up for breakfast, and on our third cup of coffee, she told me all about her marriage, the separation and how she found out about the affair. In return, I told her about Maggie and how she got sick; along with the strange events that had happened lately. I didn’t delve too much into it, but I admitted things were off at home.
I’m not sure if it was the college connection, back when things were uncomplicated and our hearts were light, or the unburdening conversation that led to more than coffee. We didn’t have sex; in some ways, it was worse than that.
I followed her back to her motel room; we smoked a joint, held each other and cried. The red in our eyes was replaced with the color of tears as we talked about what could have been.
Carla winced as I grabbed her hand and I noticed a long, smooth scar across the top of her right hand.
She explained she’d been in a car accident, and the pain from the surgery flared up when the weather was just right. Our eyes met and lingered, which brought our faces dangerously close together.
Our lips touched for the briefest of moments when all at once, a myriad of flashes played out like the screen of a television set. I yanked away from her, as if she was acid on my skin. Only it wasn’t Carla.
It was my wife’s rotted, worm-eaten face.
Maggie lay pale in a hospital bed, a machine emitting whooshes and clicks as it did the job her lungs were no longer strong enough to do. I saw my tired form sit beside her in an old metal chair, as fluorescent lights flickered irritatingly against the yellow wallpaper.
 A doctor came into the room and said something to me that caused me to weep. An alarm pierced through my ears as the machines declared her dead.
I stood at her funeral, silent and solemn as those around me recounted memories of good times together. Everyone commented on what a good wife she was, and how she loved her husband with all that she had. Each word of consolation turned rotten, and the betrayal of my own actions stabbed through my back like a broadsword.
Out of the corner of my eye, I thought I saw her eyes pop open accusingly as they lowered her into the ground. My wife was terrified of fire and always made me promise not to have her cremated.
“I’m sorry,” Carla started as it brought me back to the present. “I guess I just wanted to hurt my husband like he hurt me.”
“I should go home. It was really nice catching up with you. And if you don’t mind me saying so, hopefully now you can see how sometimes, good people get caught in bad situations. Stay in town, clear your head… alone,” I emphasized. “Then, just when he can’t stand it anymore, go home.”
Maggie’s cell phone rang unanswered as I drove home. I was excited to surprise her by coming home early. If we could start over maybe I could fix the fickleness of my soul.
I always felt the need for more, never took the time to stop and think to appreciate what I already had.
Relief flooded me as I saw her car parked in its usual spot in our driveway. I wanted to see her, hold her, rediscover all the things I’d fallen in love with, before it was too late. She’d felt better lately, but who knew how long that would last.
Even at the most promising signs at the doctor’s visits they still advised me to remain skeptical.
A putrid stench emanated from inside and assaulted my senses the moment Maggie opened our front door.
“Welcome home, honey!” she exclaimed through a radiant smile. Her eyebrows arched as a look of lust overtook her eyes. She grabbed me by the waistband as she pulled me towards our bedroom. All signs of difficulty were absent from her steps.
Hell, at the moment, she had an easier time walking than I did.
The smell intensified the further we traveled into the house. Halfway to our room, I had to stop and cover my airways.
“What the hell is that?” I gagged through muffled lips.
“The smell? I think a possum crawled up under the house and died. I haven’t seen the trash bins knocked around in almost a week now,” she remarked dismissively as she fought with the belt of my pants.
“Maggie, stop!” I shouted.
She broke away from me like a wounded animal. Her bedroom eyes were instantly replaced with ones of hurt and betrayal.
A silence settled over us as I took stock of the state of our home. Nothing looked moved around or emptied. The kitchen was clean and the trash had been taken out. There wasn’t so much as a dirty dish in the sink.
So why did it smell like a landfill in here?
Maggie was still silent, but hadn’t given up on her attempt to usher me into the bedroom. She began to pull and paw at me relentlessly, like a feral cat that tried desperately to avoid a bath.
Now, if this were an earlier time in my life, I would have welcomed such behavior, encouraged it, even. It’d always bothered me how meek and mild my wife was when it came to intimacy and sex. But now, between the look in her eyes, the feeling in my gut, and the smell in our house, it wasn’t going to happen.
“For fuck’s sake, honey, I’m not gonna be able to keep in the mood with that smell. Like, how can you stand it? I feel a migraine coming on and I haven’t even been home for five minutes!”
My breath hitched in my throat as my eyes landed on something  not quite right. 
Just past my wife, two doors past our bedroom door, was our storage closet. I saw a foul colored liquid seeping out from underneath the doorway and pooled onto the tiles of our hallway floor.
The middle of the door buckled and bowed against the weight of an unknown object. I lowered my gaze to my wife’s face and saw a look of terrified recognition as she turned to the closet door.

“Peter, no-” she started to yell, but I gently moved past her.  “Please, don’t…” she pleaded through panicked sobs.
The door flew open the second I relieved the resistance from the doorknob. A stained suitcase fell flat at my feet and the smell multiplied tenfold.
I doubled over in terror and disgust and my mouth filled with spit. Bile crawled up my throat voraciously as more of the fetid liquid sloshed out upon impact with the floor and splattered on my shoes and the hem of my khakis.
“What the fuck Maggie?” I asked breathlessly.
Some of the fluid had seeped through the fabric and the zipper track of the case. The metal teeth were stiff and marred with goo. A small section of teeth remained silver and untarnished, and between those teeth, was a strand of long, red hair - an entire tendril’s worth.
“Wh-who?” I stammered.
Maggie cut me off before hysteria had a true chance to set in.
“Who is she? Are you asking me who she is, Peter?!”
I nodded my head numbly in response.
“Well…” she chuckled maliciously. “You would know better than I would, wouldn’t you, dear?”
Shock robbed the breath from my lungs as I fully absorbed what she said. My mind instantly flashed to that night with Marlon at the bar. I held my hands up in defense.
“Now, honey… I dunno what you’ve heard, but I’ve always been a good man to you. You know you’re the only honeypot I wanna visit.”
She raised her hand slowly before she landed a slap across my face.
“Stop it, Pete,” her angry voice growled through gritted teeth and tears of hate. “Just stop…” she continued, the torrent of rage having subsided a bit, giving her a chance to catch her breath and regroup a bit.
“Jesus Christ, Margaret!” I snapped. “You hunted some poor girl down in a fit of jealousy and killed her? How did you even have the time or strength to? I haven’t said anything because I love you so much but if you can commit murder I think the time for mincing words has passed. You’ve basically been in death’s waiting room for the past year. Now your health has returned to complete normalcy and you’re killing people to boot. What the fuck is this? Give me one reason why I shouldn’t call the police right now, you-”
“Love,” she said meekly. “The reason is love.”
She took me by the hand, gently this time, and led me to the living room sofa. It was almost impossible to refrain from cringing at the feel on her touch. The same hands that ended someone’s life were now trying to use me as a source of comfort.
How was I supposed to look at this woman the same way ever again after what she’s done?
We sat down on opposite sides of the furniture as she began to speak. My hands shook, so I clasped them together in my lap to keep composure.
“First off let me say that I know about the women. I don’t suspect, I don’t assume, and I’m not going off of the word of someone else... I KNOW. So let’s cut that charade right now shall we?” She stated matter-of-factly, her voice forceful but otherwise void of emotion.
Maggie continued. “Pete, when you asked me to marry you, I always knew there’d be a chance that your willpower would let us down. You love me the best that you can and with all that you’re capable of… but you’re weak. You crave attention like your lungs crave air. When I got sick, I wasn’t able to give you that attention anymore.”
As a single tear slid down her cheek, I took my chance to speak as she paused to brush it away.
“Mags, you know I’ve never blamed you for getting sick. While I haven’t been perfect, I did come home to you. I married you! But, fuck, we have a rotting body lying in a –”
She held up her hand to silence me. I didn’t have to look hard to see the scar across her knuckles.
My god! Carla!
Maggie interrupted my thoughts.
“We’ll get to that in a minute. It’s not like she’s going anywhere. Now back when I first got sick, didn’t you say you’d give anything for a cure? For a way to have your wife back? Well, I caught you with your proverbial pants down.  I’m not leaving you because of it, and what’s more, I’m healthy, Peter.”
“How? How am I supposed to sleep at night knowing I’m cuddling up to a murderer? How do I know you won’t try to kill me if I piss you off one day?”
“The same way I’m supposed to go on sleeping with your arms around me knowing that they’ve been around someone else! The man I married, the man who VOWED to be beside me in sickness and in health, died the day you stuck it in someone else. If anything, you started the killing first!” Her voice came out in booms, and the infliction in her words made it difficult to argue.
She had me there.
“We all are capable of doing things that we never think we would. The human body and mind is the ultimate mystery.”
Maggie stood up and walked over to our rolltop desk and opened the top-hand drawer. She turned around with a letter opener pressed firmly to the skin of her forearm. She winced once as she pressed hard enough to draw blood.
“Oh my god, Maggie!” I shouted as I ran over to her and knocked the letter opener out of her right hand, and ripped my shirt off in order to staunch the bleeding.
To my disbelief, there was none. 
The cut in her arm sealed closed, without so much as a scratch left behind. It looked like she had a dab of red watercolors on her pale skin. It wiped away like it was nothing, and left behind flawless flesh underneath.
“They give me life.”
“Life?! Who? What the hell is going on here?” I demanded, my mind not able to absorb the events around me.
“The women that you put your love into. I find them, and I take it back. Their last breaths contain all of the energy that I need to heal. Little by little, I’ve been getting my life back. I was able to get the other women alone, using your phone to lure them to isolated locations. Don’t bother to check your phone,” she remarked snidely. “You won’t find any of them. So I guess if you wanna call the police, go ahead, but it’s not gonna look too good for you, buddy.” 
A triumphant smirk settled on her shiny red lips.
“Then, why is that one here?”
She walked past me to the hallway and gave the suitcase a kick with the side of her foot. 
“This one,” she grimaced, and kicked the suitcase again, much harder this time. “This one… came here looking for you. You don’t shit where you eat, Peter. And if I’m going to sit home and play the fool the least you could have done is be discreet about your address. Boy was she surprised when I answered the door. By the time she saw our wedding photos and bolted for the door, I already had the knife.”
My mind reeled at so much information at once. None of it made any sense, the feelings and emotions were all so multifaceted.
What was I supposed to do?
Call the police to turn in the woman I love for a crime I’d ultimately be accused of in the long run? But how could I live with her after this? Adultery and murder are two different things.
“Maggie,” I said softly. “Baby I am so sorry. None of this is okay. We’ve got to get this out of the house. It’s not safe or healthy.”
She smirked at me as tears streamed down either cheek.
“Please. I’m so sorry that I hurt you. I’m not dead, sweetheart, I’m right here! And I’ll never disrespect you or be unfaithful again.”
I grabbed her in my arms and clutched the top of her head to my chest. She shoved me away violently, as if revolted by the sensation of my touch.
“Oh, but you will, Peter. You will be unfaithful again, and you will do it soon,” she said.
Her tongue stretched from her mouth at least 12 inches. It was covered in small spikes and scales and slurped her chin and the tears from her eyes in one swipe. 
“Oh god!” I said.
 She looked at me and her eyes began to glow. 
She smiled, “My transformation is not yet complete.”
FROM ME TO YOU
By Ashley Franklin

From across the room, our eyes met, and at that moment, I knew you would be mine! 
You had to be my Valentine!
I know everything about you.
I've watched you silently in the shadows while you sleep.
I can smell when you are near.
Your scent is intoxicating! 
I can no longer wait for you to be mine.
My bones grow weak with a pang of hunger.
I must take you now!
Bending down, I softly whisper into your ear, "Will you be my Valentine?!"
My teeth begin to grow from the decadent aroma of fluid pulsing from your brain stem down through your spine.
They sink into your flesh as the sugary, red liquid caresses my lips like fine silk, with my venom now coursing through your veins.
The room is empty, and we are alone at last if only for a moment, my dear sweet Valentine!
A waiter enters the room from behind the double doors, pushing a silver cart carrying the medical instruments needed to extract the vital fluid that I thirst for.
I silently watch as a teardrop runs down your cheek.
Waiting patiently for those last few drops to fall into the cup, as my thirst grows stronger. 
Though I have longed for the enlivening taste of warm blood over the centuries, I have since evolved to need something more.
A protein that can be found nowhere else.
Your life force, so elegant, combining with mine! 
You are forevermore, my Valentine! 

FROM YOU TO ME
By Ashley Franklin

The woman came from across the room; she's now leaning into me.
The iris surrounding her pupils turn a sunset red.
Her mouth widens, and her Canines begin to grow.
She whispered into my ear, "Will you be my Valentine?!"
Her teeth now sinking into my flesh as my body weakens.
I have no fight in me; I sit paralyzed. 
Now in fear, the room is empty. 
Just the two of us, or so I thought.
From behind the double doors came the waiter, pushing in front of him a silver cart, cloaked with white linen.
The waiter gently lifts the cloth revealing one empty glass, along with a tray of medical instruments.
My thoughts tremble, but my lips can not move.
A tear drips from my eye as the waiter begins to undress me.
'What is this wet sensation I feel on my back?'
I feel the needle sharpness, followed by an unspeakable pressure. 
It pierces my flesh driving its way into my spine; now penetrated as the fluid from within flows freely into the glass. 
My head throbbing with a pain I've never felt before. I can hardly see the woman who sits before me.
Licking her plump red lips, as the last drop of fluid leaves my body falling into the cup.
My body drowning in pain; my mind slips away until I cease to be. It is now we. 
We will forever be intertwined.
I will eternally be your Valentine!

FOR THE LOVE OF SHAKESPEARE
By David Owain Hughes  

Edmund lay awake, his eyes burning as if they were full of grit. He stared at the ceiling, praying the noise had come to an end. Edgar, Edmund’s brother, was in the attic, rattling his chains and stomping his feet. 
“Chum!” Edgar wailed, which sounded faint through the floorboards. “Chum, Edmund. Please!” the half-man, half-monster, completely fucking insane Edgar pleaded; some people had speculated that they were illegitimate siblings, but it had never been proven.
“The doctors should never have agreed to your release from Castell Hirwaun. The nuthouse was too good for you, brother!” he said between gritted teeth. “Having said that, you should have been drowned at fucking birth, just like all the other runts and cunts of this world.”
“Edmund…” came the groaning, moaning voice once again.
To be fair, it has been the best part of a week since I fed him last…, he thought. What would Mum think, old Juliet dearest, if she knew I was mistreating her ever-so-beloved Edgar, her first born?
“Never did find your Romeo, did you…?” he uttered bitterly.
“Please, Edmund!”
He grabbed the broom from by the side of his bed and started jabbing the non-bristle end at the ceiling. “Shut. The. Fuck. Up!”  he yelled, lowering the brush.
“Chum!”
“Shut up! You fucking freak!” Rapidly and repeatedly, Edmund hammered at the ceiling once again with the brush. This time, however, he didn’t stop until he could feel the heat in his face and his forearm ached. Sweat burst from his forehead like a ruptured dam. “I won’t tell you again, brother! Shut it! Or I’ll have to come up there… You won’t like that, will you?” Edmund threatened. At that moment, he looked at the cricket bat on the other side of his bed. “You know what will happen if I do, don’t you?” He tried to make his voice sound as strong as possible, because he knew if Edgar detected the slightest hint of fear, he would lose the upper hand.
And that could never, ever happen.
For the past six years, ever since their mother died, Edmund had ruled his monstrous brother with an iron fist.
Someone had to, for if the six-foot-eight, child-eating Edgar ever slipped his chains and escaped the confines of the family home, he would destroy and kill everything in his path. There would be no stopping him; he would be like a Rottweiler on steroids.
Why the hell did the doctors agree to his release? thought Edmund. They knew how much of a threat he was! Because our mother was terminally ill at the time. That’s why. Fucking idiots. They must have been crazier than Edgar!
“‘We can’t deny a dying woman her final wish,’” he mimicked the doctors. “‘If Edgar goes on to cause trouble after his release, then we will have no option but to bring him back and keep him under our supervision for good, Mrs. Speare….’”
Of course, Edgar’s doctors at the home for the criminally insane had not been aware of his habits of killing and devouring babies, teens, and children in general. Edgar had never been tried for such crimes, because Mother had covered them up.
 All he’d been charged with were acts of insane violence, leading to the grievous harm of many; it had been imperative that he be taken off the streets. However, the courts had found him to be sick in the head, and psychiatric treatment was for the best.
“My Edmund here will help me take good care of him, Doctor,” he heard his mother say. “We have a special room in the house for him.”
While reminiscing, he continued to stare at the bat. In the light cast by his candle, which burned in a sconce on top of his bedside table, Edmund could see multiple trails of dried blood on the smooth surface of the sporting implement, along with strands of hair that were stuck to it.  
From above, silence, bar the faint rattle of Edgar’s chains.
Thank fuck, he’s settling down! Edmund thought, looking away from the bat and returning to glaring at the ceiling. He could still remember what the awful sanatorium looked and felt like; the long, drawn-out halls were icy-cold, matching the cheerless décor. Every footfall, light or heavy, reverberated around the building with a deafening sound.
The cold inside the old castle-cum-nuthouse wasn’t the worst part. The screaming of patients and the buzzing of the electrode machines the doctors used to fry the brains of the insane were. 
Upon getting too close to a window of a door looking in on a room, Edmund had watched as a group of nurses and a doctor set to work on a female patient. While the nurses strapped the frail-looking woman’s arms and legs to the bed and pumped her veins full of juice, the doctor had zapped her head.
He could still see the scorch marks on her temples and smell the burning of her flesh; the hospital garb she wore was soaked through with piss and excrement.
“You get used to all the joyous sights and sounds,” a pretty, young nurse with big tits and a lopsided nametag had told him. “Now, why don’t you run along and find your mummy and demented brother!”
At the time, Edmund had been young – eighteen, nineteen – and not the man of thirty he had become. Even though he’d been a teen, he still wanted to smash her face in for demeaning Edgar in such a way.
But he hadn’t.
God, that was one long, fucking visit! he thought, rolling onto his side after blowing his candle out. I don’t think I’m going to get any more trouble out of Edgar tonight.

***

A few weeks after Edgar was turned over to the care of his mother and brother, Juliet passed, leaving them alone. Her dying words had been for Edmund to take good care of his brother, whom she loved more than anything, even him.
He’d always known where she stood on the scale of care for her sons, but he was okay with it.
Edmund had been one for his father… at least, until he ran off with a woman half his age. Still, he’d never resented him for it, knowing full well what he’d had to put up with: a wife who was a complete bitch and a monster for a son.
Edgar may have been grotesque to look at, but his craziness actually stemmed from his mother’s obsessive love for all things Shakespeare. She would spend hours, days, weeks, even months on end reading and rereading the Bard’s plays, stories, and poems. When she wasn’t reading William’s plethora of misery, she was acting it out in the house, on the streets, in the pub, or anywhere else she could get away with it.
On many occasions, she’d been carted off to a prison cell for disturbing the peace. Juliet was so mad on Shakespeare, she legally changed her name to Juliet Speare in the year her first son was born, naming him Edgar after the son of Gloucester from the play King Lear, who’d had two sons. So, a couple of years later, Edmund came along.
From the moment they’d been born, Juliet had spoon-fed them nothing but Shakespeare. She didn’t just read it to them all day and night but preached it. After suffering many years at the hands of their mother, Edgar finally snapped, and it wasn’t long before babies, toddlers, and teens started vanishing from around town. 
The bodies of infants and children were found with their heads chewed off. In some cases, arms and legs had been savagely ripped from their trunks, and they had been beaten to death with them. Gruesome scenes were found daily in and around their hometown, with Mother coming to her beloved son’s rescue on every occasion. 

***

Dad was much better off out of it! Edmund thought, closing his eyes, willing himself to sleep. But sleep wouldn’t come. What the hell is wrong with me? You know what…
The thought made him squeeze his thighs tight in fear that he’d lose the contents of his bladder. His anus squeaked.
Edgar wasn’t the only one with blood on his hands. Nor was he the only one who belonged at the crazy farm.
Edmund pulled the covers tighter around him—a chill had found its way into the centre of his bed. A nest of ice vipers settled in the pit of his guts.
A year after Edgar was placed in Edmund’s care, Edmund met, fell in love with and married a girl he knew from his schooldays: Elizabeth. She had been the typical girl-next-door type, which Edmund had found most endearing, being a shy person himself.
Some would have called their relationship a whirlwind romance, living together within the first few months of courtship, engaged by six, and then wed after a year.
When it feels right, it’s right…
Before he’d moved her in, however, the introduction to Edgar had to be made. Luckily for Edmund, she took it all in stride, not finding it too hard to live under the same roof as an attic monster.
She even helped feed, wash, and change him.
After all, she loved Edmund and her place as his wife.
From this day forward, for better or for worse…
But over the course of the years that followed, Edmund became jealous of Edgar, because Elizabeth seemed to be getting closer to his half-man, half-killer monster of a brother.
Sometimes, when Edmund had caught her feeding Edgar, he witnessed sexual attraction and activity between the beauty and the beast. Edmund would watch from the shadows, half out of his mind with jealousy and rage as she seductively fed and flirted with Edgar, thinking they were alone in the dark, shadowy attic.
Gently, Edgar would lick her fingers clean, and she would release his arms from his shackles, which were bolted to the wall. This was a rule never to be broken—not even their mother had freed his hands.
Elizabeth would let Edgar’s hands roam her body, to mould her tits and make him grab her snatch. 
Her small, almost soundless gasps of joy would drive him to the point where he almost revealed himself from the shadows.
But he hadn’t.
Edmund managed to bottle his rage, swallowing it down into the pit of his guts. He allowed their dirty little rendezvous to continue…. until one day when he found them fucking and sucking and kissing and grunting and groaning and yanking hair… which pushed him over the edge.

Before he started to climb the old, rickety ladder leading to the attic, Edmund could hear their gratuitous sounds of bestial love-fucking.
Elizabeth had thought him away on a business trip—a façade made up to try and catch her out. And, from where he was standing, the smoke screen could not get smokier.
She was indeed a cheating, good-for-nothing whore.
A dead as fuck one, at that.
“Oh, fuck – I’m coming!” she screamed. “I’m coming, I’m coming, I’m coming!”
From the shrill sound of her orgasmic pleasure, Edmund feared she would soak the ceiling through as he put his foot on the first rung, followed by the second and then third.
Never, ever has she screamed like that for me! he thought, clenching his jaw until it clicked and then ached. “I can’t have orgasms….” he heard her say.
His hands turned white as he gripped the sides of the ladder with all the power he could muster.
I’ll fucking kill them…
The closer he got to the hatch, the more intense her filthy, nauseating sounds of gyrating fulfillment became.
When he finally reached the top of the ladder, he poked his head through the opening and saw them rutting by candlelight. They were close to his chains, their garments flung about the room as though there had been an explosion at a clothes shop.
Edmund saw her small, sweat-covered tits jounce wildly as she rode Edgar’s cock. Her back arched. Her long hair lashed out in all directions, as though a demented circus master sat atop her head and cracked a cat o’ thousand tails made from her golden strands.
In that instant, the pearl beads he’d bought her for Christmas the previous year were torn from her exposed throat by his lust-filled brother. She squealed in excited shock, causing her to ride him faster. Harder. Deeper.
Again, she shrieked. “I’m coming! Oh God, I’m coming…”
The way she sounded, Edmund thought she was going to cry—at times, her sounds of pure pleasure sounded like a wounded animal screaming.
As he watched, tears slid down his cheeks.
His hard cock pushed against his zipper.
Out of spite, he freed his erection and stroked himself to climax, all the while watching his brother destroy his wife’s cunt.
Before his cock exploded a milky white stream, his eyes fused with his brother’s—a smile drew across Edgar’s hideous face.
The solidness in Edmund’s dick wavered, but not through ejaculation alone.
He ducked out of sight and raced down the ladder on shaking pins. As he stomped across the landing, putting his dick away at the same time, Edmund cursed them into a heap.
When he got to the living room, he went to the back door and looked outside, spotting his shovel against his garden shed.
Now it was his turn to smile.
“I’m home!” he called, opening and then slamming the back door. “Liz? Liz, are you here?”
Edmund couldn’t help but grin at the sound of rushing, stumbling thumps from the attic.
“Shit, he’s back early!” he heard his darling dearest utter as she tiptoed across the landing towards the stairs.
“I thought you weren’t back until Monday evening?” Elizabeth asked. “Is everything okay?”
He caught glimpses of her fixing her hair, straightening her dress, and wiping the sex-sweat from her flushed cheeks and brow. Edmund moved to the bottom of the stairs and looked up at her.
She wore the summer dress he had bought her for her birthday last week, with nude-colored tights underneath. The look drove him crazy, since the dress was rather short and exposed a lot of thigh.
Edmund felt his dick start to stiffen once again.
“Hey, Liz,” he said, beaming. “The meeting got canceled today, so we came home early. Surprised?”
“Yes! It’s lovely that you’re home early.”
I’ll bet it is, he thought. I’ll just bet it is…. “Come out to the back. I have a gift for you,” he said. 
“From your trip?” A smile spread across her face as she rushed down the stairs and followed him to the back door.
“Yes,” he called over his shoulder. He led her out to the garden and pointed at the shed. “It’s in there.”
“But why, dear?!”
“I had to put it somewhere just in case you saw it when I walked in. I love you,” he lied, stroking her face. “I see you wore the dress… Anticipating my return?”
She blushed. “Well, let me see this gift of yours.”
“Go ahead, Liz. Just open the door and feast your eyes!”
He saw her smile grow wider as she stepped towards the shed’s door. When her back was fully to him, he grabbed the shovel and raised it high above his head.
“Cheating bitch!” he uttered between gritted teeth.
“Huh?” she gasped, turning to look at her husband.
The shovel ploughed into her face, breaking her nose and jaw simultaneously; blood shot in all directions as she collapsed to the flagstones. Her hand instinctively went to her nose, trying stem the blood flow.
“Damn, you’re one ugly cunt!” he said, spitting on her. Then his breathing came in ragged rips; her dress had rucked up around her waist during her fall, exposing her stocking tops and jism-soaked bush. “You didn’t even have the respect to put your fucking knickers back on!” he snapped.
“Ugh…uch-urgh…” she tried to speak, but nothing but a garbled mess and a fountain of blood came from her mouth. Tears spilled down her cheeks.
“Huh?” he said, cupping his ear with his hand. “I can’t hear you!” He then chuckled and unclasped his belt. “I can’t let my brother have all the fun.” Throwing the shovel to one side, he slid his trousers and underwear down his bony legs, and then removed them completely.
His cock was hard.
Edmund got on his knees and roughly shoved her legs apart, ramming his tongue deep into her still-wet pussy.
“Mmm, you both taste so nice!” He raised his head to look at her, the disgust on her face only helped heighten his excitement. Edmund smiled and lowered his head, wanting to lick her snatch clean before fucking her. His hands stroked her stocking-clad thighs as he did so.
Once he’d satisfied his oral need, he roughly turned her over and shoved his dick up her arse—she screamed as he lanced her tight anus. Blood squirted onto his chest, but it didn’t stop him. He grabbed her hair and smashed her face into the flagstones a dozen times; some of her teeth rattled to the floor.
When he was spent, he turned her over and shoved the tip of the spade into her mouth and pushed down on the handle with all his might.
“Die, bitch!” he screamed, then grunted and groaned as he leaned all his weight on the spade.
She gargled and thrashed as the tip of the digging implement cut through her jaw and separated the top half of her head from the lower half. It rolled along the floor and hit the shed, leaving a bloody stump print on the slats.

***

After that, into the woodchipper she went, he thought, rolling onto his back.
But her death had haunted him for a long time afterwards.
He couldn’t get rid of the bloodstains on his hands. He could see the crimson spots dripping from them. No matter how many times he scrubbed them with soap and a wire brush, the stains would reappear, sending him into hysterical laughter. Fear would nestle in him. Tears would roll, but the chuckling would continue.
“It’s all in your head!” a tiny voice would whisper at the back of his brain.
Often, he found himself screaming, “Out, damn’d spot! Out!” However, he couldn’t remember the words that followed the famous quote.... no matter how hard he tried.
Oh, how mother would be bitterly disappointed. 
“Fuck the old cunt! She’s shuffled off this mortal coil.” The saying brought a smile to his face.
After sorting Elizabeth out, Edmund had dealt with Edgar in a harsh manner; he’d taken the cricket bat to him and pummeled his brother into a state of unconsciousness. When Edgar finally blacked out, bleeding freely, Edmund had locked him back in chains, this time adding a metal choker.
Then he’d started starving him for days on end before finally feeding him—a practice which continued to this day. The longest he’d let Edgar go without some form of nutrition was eight days.
A chuckle escaped him. “Some would probably say the bitch had it easier. That her suffering was relatively quick…”
Right, I must get some sleep, he thought.
As he nestled deeper into his bed, happy that the chill had been dispatched, a starling crash from above jolted him upright. His covers gathered around at his waist.
Thump, thump, thump, thump…
“Chum!” Edgar wailed. “Chum, chum, chum…”
“Fuck sake! Shut up, Edgar. I mean it!”
The thumping continued.
Edmund covered his ears, but the sound was so intense, it found its way beyond his hands and into his brain.
Edgar’s yelling turned into a high-pitched screech that only a girl or a sackless male could make.
Panic enclosed Edmund, but he shook it off when he caught sight of the bat.
“Right, that’s it!” he screamed at the ceiling. Edmund tossed his covers to one side, relit his candle, and then grabbed the bat. He stalked out of his room and onto the landing. Once there, he walked until he was standing underneath the hatch that led to the garret.
Edmund grabbed the pull string and yanked it. When the lid flipped down, it revealed a foldaway ladder. He caught hold of the legs on the steps and drew them out of their resting place. Once he’d clicked the ladder into place, he began his climb.
A keen wind whistled down the hole, causing the flame on his candle to waver.
“Shit!” he uttered, but his light didn’t extinguish.
When he got to the top of the steps, he poked his head through the opening and looked at the area where Edgar was normally restrained.
His jaw sagged.
The chains hung limp. Edgar was nowhere to be seen.
Edmund boosted himself into the dusty room and made circles. All the while, he thrust the candle out in front of him. His brother was nowhere to be found.
“I know you’re in here!” he yelled, walking over to Edgar’s restraints. When he stepped on something hard, he looked down and saw piles of tiny bones. “I see you’ve been snacking on the rats. Well, at least you’ve solved that little problem for me—I won’t have to call an exterminator now.”
A flash of movement caused Edmund to snap his head to the left, just in time to see a shape disappear behind a few towers of old, dusty boxes. Before he could step forward, another gust of wind caught his candle, bringing with it a foul stench of damp.
“Get out from behind those boxes, you son-of-a-fucking-bitch!” He made a move towards Edgar’s hiding place. “Need I remind you, dear brother, that I have the bat…. Get back in your restraints, or you’ll be sorry!” He tried to sound as tough as he could, but he wasn’t even convincing himself.
As he stepped closer, a board creaked.
Shuffling feet could be heard in the darkness.
“Don’t make this any harder than it has to be, Edgar! I let you live, didn’t I? I could have killed you, like I killed that wife of mine. She fucked—”
“You mean my wife,” came a voice from the darkness.
“What are you talking about, Edgar?”
“You mean Edmund! You’re Edgar, not me…. Elizabeth was my wife, not yours. You killed her out of jealousy and then locked me in here. I was meant to be the one looking after you. What would Mum think?!”
“Have you slipped further over the edge?! I’m Edmund! Aren’t I…?” he said, doubt creeping in.
“Without your medication, you don’t know what’s what, brother.”
“Stop trying to confuse me!” Edmund said, raising the bat. “Now, come out from behind those boxes and get back in your chains. Now, damn it!”
“You’re the one that belongs in the chains, you hideous freak!”
“Right, I’m coming in to get you,” Edmund said, raising his candle and thrusting the bat out in front of him.
The wind picked up inside the room and whipped the cloth off a tall mirror to Edmund’s right, distracting him. In the cracked glass, he saw his hideously deformed, scarred face: a hole at the side of his head where an ear should have been, his nose nothing more than a flattened mess.
He dropped the bat.
“It can’t be!” he screamed. “I’m Edmund, not Edgar!”
“No, brother. You’re Edgar,” the voice taunted from the shadows. “And you’re going to pay for what you’ve done.”
“But... but… It’s all been in my head… No…,” the true Edgar whimpered, unable to take his eyes off the glass. His teeth were nothing more than needles, all lined up in a crooked, misshapen mess.
“You see, Edgar, you managed to slip your chains one day and catch me off-guard. Once you had, you knocked me out and locked me in your chains. Once you had me, you forced me to watch as you raped and killed Elizabeth….”
“No! You lie!” Edgar said, twirling on his heel to face his brother who had now stepped from behind the boxes, his face pure.
“Afraid not, brother.”
“I caught you fucking my wife!”
“No, my wife, Edgar. Mine. Because you’ve been off your medication for so long, you’ve slipped into a state of denial. You’re making up fantasies in your mind. You’re Edgar! Look again in the mirror—the glass does not lie.”
“I…” Edgar let his words trail off. “I won’t let you take your identity back!” he raged. After he placed the candle by his feet, he flew at Edmund with the bat held high over his head. “I’ll kill you!”
“You should have done that when you had the chance,” Edmund said, pulling a flare gun from behind his back. Edgar stopped dead in his tracks. “Say hello to mother, you cunt!” He pulled the trigger, which fired a burning shell into Edgar’s left eye, turning it to lava.
The monster howled, dropping the bat and stumbling about the room. He crashed into the mirror and then fell onto the tower of boxes.
“The things you find in an attic!” Edmund said, throwing the spent gun to one side. He then picked up a poker he had hidden by his side and took to his deranged brother, who was rolling about the floor, holding his burst eyeball.
Edmund stood over Edgar. “You should never have been released from the hospital, Edgar. I should have seen to you a long time ago.” He raised the poker and was about to bring it down when Edgar sprang from the floor, a jungle predator, and sank his piranha-like teeth into Edmund’s neck.
With a vicious tear, skin, blood, and bone came away with Edgar’s bite.
Blood dashed up the wooden support beams on the ceiling and splashed the floor.
Edmund collapsed to the ground, holding a hand to his wound. Blood ran between his fingers. His body did the jig of the dying as he watched Edgar walk over to the hatch and make his way down the ladder.
“Nothing personal, brother, but I did warn you to settle down, did I not? Had you listened, you probably would have continued living out your life… as Edgar,” he said, and then smiled as he disappeared out of sight, closing the hatch on the dying Edmund.
HOST
by Valkyrie Kerry

Fate drove me to my death, and by death, I mean the tarot card interpretation; the end of an old life and the beginning of the new. A repetitive dream haunted me from childhood. I would find myself in pouring rain, roaming scared, and lost in a thick wood, drenched in night’s suffocating darkness. Finally, I would hear the cries of the ocean’s tide hammering against a distant shore. On reaching an unkempt grassy clearing a once magnificent, now derelict mansion would come into view. I felt it looking at me, waiting for me and drawing me in; built of sturdy aging stone, broken Georgian style windows, yet alive and calling for me.
Beyond lay a muddy beach littered with pebbles and overlooked by an abandoned lighthouse. Occasional jolts of lightning would illuminate the overbearing gargoyles that adorned the large, stretched eyes of the main first floor windows. Reluctantly I would enter the curved oak doors that had been left ajar as if welcoming me. Candles would flicker alive showing a grand hall, magically unscathed by age and bedecked with old portraits of people from long ago that stared longingly at the giant staircase. Behind the art stood high, crimson walls that complemented the dark wooden rails and floor.
An archway to my left revealed a splendid lounge full of Chaise-Lange’s, a crackling fire filled with logs and further pictures. One would always catch my gaze; a refined man, tall with thick black hair and the most soul-searching blue eyes. Pangs would always run through my body, pangs of attraction and a sub-conscious recognition. After a momentary stare I would climb the stairs. The first floor encompassed the staircase revealing numerous bedrooms. All furnished beautifully with king size beds, closets and rugs. One particular chamber attracted me, it lay between two other rooms and had doors accessing both. The bed had four posts and red covers, walls, floors.
Deeper into the house I would go, passing the servants’ quarters of the second floor and up into the attic. The attic called me, and I was drawn to it. I always knew in the back of my mind that there were two staircases that led to the top floor; one ran directly from the scullery in the basement and the other from the landing of the second floor. I climbed higher, but a pain in my belly told me to turn back, to run. The hair on my neck rose, but I would always lose control of my feet. Forced to move on I would feel the panic welling up, lights dimmed, and the splendour of the main house would soon be forgotten.
Mazes were incomparable to the intricate rooms that ran one from the other and across various levels. It would occur to me in my adult years that the attic rooms existed in a self- contained block to the rear of the house directly over the extended scullery and kitchens.
The rooms varied from what appeared to be empty servants’ quarters and vast collections of old books. The largest room appeared to be a study of sorts and must have sat to the rear as it overlooked the sea and lighthouse.
Layers of rocks, corals and pools provided an awkward array of steppingstones to the menacing tides and lighthouse. Sometimes I would move into a pitch-black back room. I always felt disturbed, as if an inhumane soul suffered in the purgatory of this chamber. I could feel the threatening presence. I would try to escape, but my feet would draw me in deeper and darker. On other occasions I would dream that I stepped onto the balcony of the study and climbed over the barrier down to the first layer of rock. The hard, weed soaked mass swept in a rugged semi-circle dropping at one edge to another layer and at another to a rock pool that would tidally transform into a cruel tide sucking water into the jaws of the ocean.
I would feel him behind me, a greying mass of black and white, unable to reflect colour. I would feel his massive form enshrouding me and instinctively would edge towards the rock pool with fear. I knew him, the man before me, the man from the portrait, but could not place him. As I backed away, his hand would stretch alongside great strides until it stroked my cheek. The fear would always make me unsteady, the fear and the swirls of the tide beckoning to me, I would slip as I backed away, tripping, stumbling trying desperately to get away from this monstrous spirit.
He always uttered the same words as he angrily strode towards me
“We have been waiting!” and I would fall into the whirling eddy below. Dark water sucked me under every time and every time I would drag myself to the surface choking and suffocating. He would watch cruelly as I cried out and begged for help. The tide would drive me outwards towards the rocky shelf separating the pool from the vicious sea. My nails would crack as I threw myself onto the largest stone, wrapping my arms about its huge form. Then she would come, the lighthouse would glow, and she would come. My stinging, salty eyes would glance back, and he would be staring, waiting and transparently illuminating as the ancient light flicked across the shore.
Her icy, drenched pale hand would appear first from beneath the waves, grabbing at the boulder with fingers crunched like talons. Her long black hair rose from the deep and clung to the rocks as if every single lock was an individual entity coming for my soul. I would always freeze with terror as a second hand splatted next to my face. Her bowed head would rise in neck cracking strokes and two dark eyes would peer from the downturned face turning me to stone.
Psychology was my subject of choice at eighteen and circadian rhythms and dream analysis thereafter for my Doctorate in London. My social life was non-existent as I desperately searched for meaning. Psychiatrists failed to alleviate my suffering as did counsellors, hypnotists and priests. I spent my free time wading through photograph after photograph of old houses, but none seemed to match the image that my mind had conjured up. My own work had not given me the insight I desperately needed and after graduation, a ceremony that I chose not to attend, I booked a costly appointment with a medium. Needless to say, I was skeptical.
The skepticism increased when I found the woman, who called herself Helena, in a small Soho shop surrounded by trinkets, tarot cards and candles. It seemed a little tacky and I expected nothing. Helena offered me green tea, which I politely declined, before leading me down a steep flight of wooden stairs to a small candle lit room containing only a dinner table and chairs, nothing spectacular. I sat down involuntarily and allowed an unimpressed sigh to escape my lips.
Advising me to shuffle and focus on my quest, the woman handed me a well-use pack of cards. Steadily I mixed the deck as the old woman pushed her greying curls back and closed her eyes. I placed the cards in a heap before her and without examining them she ran her hands over the top whilst taking deep breaths. She batted her lashes and then whispered to me that caution was needed. She then rose and left the room returning with a map of The British Isles. Her palm stroked the plan until stopping on a small Scottish village lying between the ocean and the Outer Hebrides, Meallta. Abruptly her demeanour changed, she grasped my hand moaning and shaking her head, imploring me not to go. I forced her away and left my payment on the table.
I was drawn, I knew after years of unrest that I had to go regardless of Helena’s negativity. My searches online had revealed very little about the area, so I had no choice but to conclude my quest, to find out what had been driving me and if this house existed at all.
Within hours I found myself lightly packed and on the night train to the North. The journey was largely uneventful, I was tired and slept for the most part only waking to change trains at Fort William. The morning sun rose from behind crimson skies as I left the station at Glenfinnan and waited for what felt like an eternity for a taxi.
The driver said very little to me on the road to Meallta and seemed reluctant to be visiting the small village at all. He was courteous enough to leave me at a small tavern with rooms to let. This of course sounds like a reference to an old horror film, but this is not the case. The fact is that Meallta was such a small village that little else existed; a few houses in the village, the tavern, a small shop and a smaller school with farms dotted along the rural horizon. The harbour only provided enough room for four fishing boats each only big enough for two or three men. It was clear that the village was self-sufficient and neither wanted nor required outside interference; it was trapped in time.
The people were polite enough, unlike the harbingers expected to drive strangers out in the old films and quickly accommodated me and offered me a good home roast. The tavern was run by a middle-aged childless couple calling themselves Mary and Brian. She was a petite woman whose thick red curls were piled into a loose bun and he was a sturdy fellow darker in both complexion and hair. They spoke at length about the fishing population who they fed during the day and gave porter to in the evening.
Once I found the couple to be at ease and happy with my company, I broached the subject of historical houses. I did not want to explain my far-fetched reasoning and instead explained that I was writing a book on old buildings. There was a brief and uneasy exchange of glances, but logic overcame any out-dated superstition and Mary explained that there had been a large house that backed on to the sea many years ago. This house had been burned down by the English landlord, a General in a fit of temper following the loss of his wife; only the bare ruins stood now. Before retiring I persuaded my good landlords to show me the location of the ruins on a map and bathed and took to my bed early to prepare for the day ahead; a day which I hoped would bring years of distress to a swift conclusion.
I woke to a coal fire burning in the grate and a small plate of soda cake, butter, jam and a fresh pot of tea. I refreshed myself and swept my hair back tightly. My attire consisted of loose trousers, shirt and trainers to facilitate any excess climbing or walking that may be required. The walk was longer than expected as the ruins stood someway outside of the village. A few passers-by on bicycles or foot saluted as I overtook them on the road, but the journey was otherwise quiet giving me time to wonder whether I was chasing ghosts and at times even question my own sanity.
At length, having passed a small abandoned monastery, I found a dirt road holding an unkempt signpost pointing to the historic site of Meallta House. I strolled up the road, anxious to reach my destination and barely taking in the lush green beauty of the overhanging trees that smothered the path blocking the view to the sea. The sound of the waves crashed through my ears as I drew closer to the site. The track grew rougher until it morphed into a ragged field and then a wooded copse, with little indication of regular tourism. I crunched through leaves, dried mud heaps and fallen branches until reaching the clearing, the one I had so often dreamed about and beyond I spied the ruins.
Most of the ground floor still stood, the door rotted and hung open, but the windowpanes were no more, just vacant eyes staring into the distance. Clambering up through the front door I found the layout as expected; the great hall, the lounge now blackened, debris filled chasm, the stairs collapsed, and the upper floors had fallen into heaps, strewn carefree about the place with weeds growing between the planks. Clumsy stones made the surfaces dangerously unstable. The ebb and flow of the tide seemed to echo and scream to me. I abandoned the building and circumnavigated its huge walls until reaching the pebbled layers heading out to sea.
Sadly, the desolate lighthouse gazed at me. Rugged rocks clawed a path to it and masses of rock pools formed a dangerous, tidal pathway to its door. I closed my eyes and listened to the roaring sea, screaming in desperation and in that second everything changed.
Darkness fell, unnatural darkness, the sun’s rays disappeared from beyond my eyelids and slowly, recoiling in horror I opened them. Dense black clouds smothered the sky leaving only a slit for the rays of a glowing, ill-timed moon. A smog rose upwards from around my feet and misty claws crept from the trees beyond. I could feel my heart racing and urgency filled my belly, desperation to flee, but terror cemented my feet to the ground.
I turned my gaze to the house which hastily began to evolve and regress, the planks and stones rose rebuilding its original magnificent state, regressing into a past form. Shadows flittered and shuffled with a speed beyond human perception and there before more eyes stood a well-lit manor whereby the present and the past occupied the same space.
Overawed and overwhelmed I lifted my heavy feet and trudged mesmerized towards the nightmarish house.
The door opened at my approach and I sauntered in, drawn instantly to the depths of the scullery and the bleak staircase that led me to the servants’ quarters. The climb was steep and the staircase narrow. The thrumming of the waves beat in my ears covering the sounds of my own footsteps. At the apex a series of sparsely furnished rooms and halls created a maze across the top floor, one room bleaker than the previous. I moved through servants’ quarters, rooms stocked with books and boxes, corridors, until finally I came to a large rear facing communal room whose huge semi-oval windows stared intensely onto the lighthouse and whose balcony provided and layers of rock provided a treacherous path to the sea.
As my eyes flitted from room to sea, I noticed a drink’s globe and a high-backed armchair facing the crackling fire. Therein sat the General; I recognised his rank from the long out- dated uniform and his image from the picture in my dreams. He rose slowly and held his arms out to me, moving rigidly forwards and taking my hands in his. He closed his eyes and instinctively I closed mine allowing our minds to converse in pictorial silence.
Images of the life he had lost flashed through my brain like a lightning storm; a feared General pre-eminent in developing the American colonies who returned to Scotland with his beloved servant Rosaline. Over time his infatuation with his dainty servant developed into obsession; her soft songs, her long, black flowing hair and her ebony eyes bewitched him and slowly drove him to the brink of delirium. He intentionally dispatched his family to London and began his advances, which were welcomed by the girls’ open arms.
In time his second weakness, the bottle, reared its cruel head and he would often neglect his cherished Rosaline. In her loneliness she found solace with a stable hand. One lust-filled night the General recovered his senses and on discovering his concubine entwined in the limbs of another grew enraged. The ultimate insult was the location; the coupling took place on a beautiful, plush chair beneath his portrait.
The General, consumed with an agonized heart and ravenous anger pulled the large iron tongs from the fireplace and bore them down on the head of his rival. Blood gushed and sprayed instantly onto his beloved. Terrified she ran towards the front door and the maddened General pursued the demon who had cursed him. The howling wind froze her form; she hugged her arms about her breasts stumbling over the rocks, mud and fallen leaves.
The roar of the General swirled in the air and she hobbled down onto the beach. With the tide steadily trickling in she struggled along the shallow rock pulls, tears pouring from her blood-stained skin she headed towards the lighthouse. The bleak night concealed the whereabouts of her assailant, the man she adored and loved so deeply, but his voice rang menacingly around her. Rosaline clambered up the rocks to the lighthouse, threw open the door and panted heavily as she climbed the spiral staircase.
He had caught up with her by the time she had fallen out onto the top gallery. In wrath he raised the tongs still wedged in a furious clenched fist, delicately she approached him and placed her palm over his fist lowering the weapon and under her breath muttered the curse that would trap them both in their self-made prison until a suitable receptacle could free them and then in one sudden move threw herself over the balcony ending her life on the rocks below.
Insanity overwhelmed the General, insanity and grief; her touch had shown him their purgatory trapped in the house while her soul and body would be imprisoned beneath the waves both entrapped together and yet apart. The General would be haunted by his lover’s death and his spirit would mourn daily until a sacrifice could be made to reunite the two. He saw the curse in Rosaline’s eyes before she leaped to her death. Desperate to stop the pain he raced to the manor and there used shelves of books and the open fire to burn the place down. His mad laughter echoed through the halls as the flames consumed him, but in death he, the estate and the agony were reborn.
As his hands released mine, I realised I was the sacrifice. Somehow, he had drawn me here, perhaps he was an ancestor, or I was a descendant of hers. I was unsure of the connection but felt it nonetheless. He wanted my body for his beloved. The door slammed and bolted of its own volition. I darted through the open window and climbed over the balcony onto the rocks below. He followed; I climbed down further, layer after layer of rock until I reached a plateau that lay between him and the deep rock pools. The tide was high and angrily lashing and spewing jets, spraying me with bullets of water.
I backed away, pleading, imploring him to let me live. He had waited too long to be reunited with Rosaline; his resolve was immovable. In a second my footing was lost; I fell into the depths of the cruel waves. The current proved unmanageable; I was dragged to the rear of the pool. My nails scraped and clung to the rocks as I desperately tried to save myself. My nails achingly bent and ripped. I coughed as water washed into my lungs. I could see his blurred figure waiting on the rocks. Then she came!
One pale, scrawny hand reached out of the sea. The fingers bent and contorted as it latched onto the rock next to me. The elbow bent as she heaved her corpse from the sea. Jet black tendrils of hair covered the skeletal face and black eyes, each tendril seemed to have a life of its own and climbed the rock like ivy. I tried to scream, but no sound came out. My whole body shuddered with an evil fear. A second clawed hand joined the first. I tried to pull myself away, but my strength had left me, and the sea overwhelmed me.
Her gnarled face stared into mine. In a moment of fear, I released my grip and an eddy formed swirling me, dragging me downwards. She moved along the rocks like a contorted insect until hurling herself towards me. As she floated towards my struggling frame her head sunk lower and lower until nothing but hair sprayed across the sea. A firm hand gripped my leg and I was dragged downwards, down into the darkness at the centre of the eddy. There was no water, no air, nothing except darkness. Eyes glowed therein, penetrating my eyes. Soft whispers cursed my eternal being. Her soul burned through my pupils and ripped into my mind with a volcanic eruption. I was wrenched from my body, locked in the darkness forever as the lovers reunited in their own ghostly world above.
VENGEANCE FROM THE EARTH
by James Miles

Dense forest impeded Tim’s vision of the approaching dawn. An acre of woodland encroached both sides of the forgotten road the stolen car drove down.
Tim rubbed his sore eyes which ached from sleep deprivation.
How long had it been since the store robbery? Four days, five? He didn’t know; too much adrenaline and cocaine had fried his brain. Recollecting how messy the situation had become was easy though.
His strained eyes flicked to the rearview mirror; the dusty road was empty. He knew it would be. This route was either overlooked or avoided. It had been two days since they had last spotted a police car. They both  knew the authorities were hunting them. It was only a matter of time until their luck ran out.
“Relax Timmy. You worry too much,” Kieran said. He was slouched down in his seat, his arm hung listlessly out of the window. His wicked eyes  gazed out of the open window at the red  sky. The sky appeared to be bleeding above the vast woodland.
He lit a cigarette, dragged on, and was soon lost in his thoughts.
“How can you be so calm, Kieran?” Tim snapped, the tiredness and constant worry had grinded him down; his knuckles were white from as he continued his ceaseless grip of the steering wheel.
Kieran didn’t reply. He just pitched the cigarette through the window and watched the gloomy trees and sky.
They came to a sudden stop and sprayed dust into the air. Kieran  hit the dashboard hard.
Tim glared at Kieran.
“For God’s sake! We’ve got at least two dead bodies to our names. We’ve been running wild for two weeks and the kicker is-”
“What’s the kicker, Tim? Getting pissy won’t change matters,” Kieran  replied as he stretched backwards in the seat.
Infuriated by his calm demeanor, Tim turned his focus back to the road.
The Dodge Challenger bumped over uneven ground. Ravens exploded from the trees, screeching overhead, and became black specks in the reddening sky.
Tim rubbed his eyes and felt sick as his body ached from exhaustion. Even the savage sound of the German heavy metal band Accept couldn’t counter his fatigue. The combination of the low humming  and the warmth from the powerful heater only heightened his tiredness.
Kieran looked over his shoulder at the blood-stained sheet on the backseat. The body of the young hitchhiker lay underneath.
“Sure was a wild one. Shame ’bout the outcome,” he said. Every time he spoke, he sounded chirpy but his smile was cold, and his green eyes pierced sinister.
Tim nodded and thought back to that overcast afternoon when they had picked her up, both were buzzed on alcohol and the latest crime they had committed. She had been sitting on the wall of the dirty roadside café, dressed to show off her body.
She was foolishly captivated by the cruel pair and their flashy car. A haunted look in those eyes made it clear she was running from something.
Was it family, a boyfriend, or worse? Tim didn’t know or care.
She had been eager and they both needed her to fulfill their vile desires as they drew her into their vicious world.
Now she was dead.
“Definitely,” Tim yawned as  he tried to recall her name.
The car turned off the cracked road and onto a thick field overrun with wild grass and nettles. Tim brought the car to a stop under a redwood tree whose overhanging branches would cast the car in deep shadow.
“I need some rest,” Tim announced as he turned off the engine.
“Don’t you think we should put some miles between us and that robbery?” Kieran said curtly as he lit a cigarette.
“I’ve put damn near two days’ worth of miles between us and that disaster. I’ve had no rest. I’ve done nothing but drive, so unless you want me to crash, I’m getting some sleep,” Tim said as he brought his fist down on the dashboard.
Kieran looked around the darkened surroundings, “I don’t know man. This forest gives me bad vibes.”
Tim gazed out his window. The foreboding trees were large and beckoned. It breathed with a predatory spirit of nature, and the sense of menace was undeniable. No rational argument in his mind dissipated the uneasiness.
“If you get scared, the shotgun should help you feel safe,” Tim said as he leaned back and shut his eyes. 
Yet sleep wouldn’t come easy to the exhausted fugitive; his body was tense, he was troubled by the feeling of being watched. He was filled with the images of the hitchhiker as she took her last breaths. Her blue eyes were wide and judgmental, as her blood spread across the wet pavement.
Eventually, he fell into a fitful doze.
Some time later, a teeth-clenching stiffness gripped every inch of his body awake. He cursed as he rubbed his neck. The day was already bright and the sun hung low and blinded him.
Kieran’s door was open, as was the rear passenger door. The body, along with the blanket, was gone.
A chill that had settled in the night stayed. He rubbed his hands together and tightened his fur-lined hoodie.
Kieran must’ve been out in the forest, burying her. What had she been running from? What had caused her to be willingly drawn into their mad rampage? Another wasted life. No one would know her fate; she was just another missing victim.
“Screw this depressing musing,” he said as he got a cigarette from the half-pack on the dashboard. As he stepped out of the car, he lit up and took in the surroundings.
The forest, from Tim’s viewpoint, gave the illusion of a never-ending landscape. It was acres upon acres of a vast, dense natural world.
A man could vanish in that world.
As Tim drew the harsh smoke into his lungs, he felt a tension about him. There was a preternatural quality emanating from the woodland. Even though there was no logical reason for his feelings, they were too strong to deny.
He felt an overpowering hypnotic sensation as he continued to gaze into the scenic void of powerful trees and crowded foliage. The smell of moist earth and plant life overpowered his nostrils.
A rabbit fled from a stunning red fox snapped Tim back to alertness.
Where in the hell were they? he thought. How far to the nearest town?
Tim wanted to be back on the road, putting distance between them and that shitshow. The sooner they found cheap lodgings to lie low in, the better.
“Come on, where are you?” Tim grumbled as he pitched his cigarette.
His heavy boots kicked up a storm of dust as he approached the trunk of the car. He opened it with frustrated anger and shoved aside the tattered masks, rope, and toolkit. He took hold of the bottle of fireball liqueur, sat on the bonnet, and drank.
He spotted a hurrying figure and tensed, but then relaxed as Kieran’s features came into focus. He was racing as if danger was nearby.
Tim jumped down and quickly walked towards him. His tension dissipated as he saw the smile on Kieran’s sweaty face.
Kieran stopped and suddenly hunched over in front of Tim. With his hands on trembling knees, he breathed in deeply.
His dirty jacket was open; the exposed tee-shirt was sodden.
“Not as fit as I remembered,” Kieran laughed with a pant.
Uh-oh! Tim thought. It was that laugh mixed. The one that was mixed with malice and joy. Tim took a swig of liquor. “What’s got you so hot?” Tim asked as he took a swig of the liquor.
Kieran slowly paced as he tried to relieve the cramp in his legs.
“Jackpot, baby,” he chuckled as he snatched the bottle from Tim.
“Don’t be so cryptic,” Tim warned. He was annoyed, and felt too exposed in the open.
“I was out burying her,” Kieran said as his voice and demeanor became solemn.
Tim didn’t respond but just lowered his eyes.
“Felt like forever hefting that body, but I found a spot,” he said but quickly went quiet, but then he chuckled.
“What’s so funny?” Tim asked as he lit another smoke.
“You ever get those crazy ideas, yet the more you think about it, they become somewhat believable?”
“Sometimes,” Tim agreed reluctantly and recollected the incident from last night.
“There I was digging the grave, under a large oak or some shit. I kept going at it, but  it was like the ground didn’t want me to bury her: the shovel wouldn’t go in, or the angle was wrong. I know it sounds funny, but the thought got me spooked. I eventually managed to bury her, but it wasn’t easy.”
Tim was not a person who felt regret; however, his heart was heavy over the whole affair. 
“After I did the deed, I went for a quick walk, and there it was as I came down the hill. A cottage. Not some shack. A cottage just standing there, and it wasn’t empty either,” Kieran said as he took a deep swig.
“You say there is some loner in those woods. A damn psycho?” Tim asked as concern tightened in his chest.
“Doubt it is anyone dangerous unless you fear old ladies. Watched her for a bit. I could tell she was loaded as well. Nice diamond necklace. The cottage ain’t no dump either.”
“What the hell is some old mare doing living out here?” Tim mumbled more to himself than his companion.
“Fucked if I know; fucked if I care.” Kieran said as he jumped off the car. That troublesome grin stretched across his face.
“So, what are you thinking?” Tim asked.
“Simple. Take care of her. We have a nice hideaway to stay in and some loot,” Kieran smiled and picked up the shotgun.
Moments later, they stalked off into the woods and disturbed a flock of resting ravens. They filled the sky in a noisy protest.
The sky had suddenly become overcast as a gloominess settled over the land.
Ominous shadows lurked in the distance; Tim was alarmed by the sudden silence of the woods.
“How far?” Tim asked and disliked the echo that followed.
Kieran looked around the forest. “Not too far. I wonder where we are?”
Tim’s legs ached as he followed Kieran up a steep hill. A gentle breeze rustled the long grass. He observed as smoke drifted upwards over the hilltop.
Kieran reached the top and looked down and caught his breath. At his side, Tim looked intently at the cottage. His first impression was the cottage was planted in the middle of the woods by some ancient otherworldly entities. It was out of place amongst the thick grass and trees with an off-putting element in the scenery.
A white picket fence ran the length of the cottage while the tiled roof was colored blood red. The cream paint job of the exterior stood out boldly.
A strange formation of trees had grown behind the cottage.
“This doesn’t feel right,” Tim muttered.
“You keep watch,” Kieran said and handed Tim the heavy firearm which was accepted with trepidation.
“You said she was alone?” Tim said more as a question.
“Can’t help to be careful,” Kieran said just before he hurried down the hill with surprising speed and balance.

***

Kieran dropped to his knees as he edged across the expanse and eyed the elderly lady through the front window. She sat in a comfy chair, with a cup of tea in one hand and a book in the other. The normality of the scene, in contrast to the location was absurd.
It appeared the cottage had not been fitted for electricity. He spotted no TV or radio. A few candles rested on the mantelpiece; and logs burned in the fireplace.
Kieran rose and strode to the front door, knocked ferociously. He arched himself to his full height of six feet and three inches.
He quickly looked and it truly dawned on him how secluded the place was.
How did anyone manage to exist out here?
The door creaked open, and Kieran stared through the crack and down into the thin eyes of the elderly lady.
“May I help you?” her voice was soft, like summer air.
The rest of her face was soft and her head was adorned by wispy strands of grey hair. Her frame was so lean that Kieran was under the impression that she would break like fine china.
He shoved the door forcefully and the lady stumbled and left her awash in dread.
“Must be dangerous being out in the middle of the woods by yourself,” he said with harsh cruelty and placed his foot in front of the door. “Let’s not make this messy.”
Kieran stepped inside and painfully gripped her bony shoulder and guided her down the short hallway into the living room.
A gust of wind screamed outside and the front door slammed shut.
With each step, Kieran eyed up the possessions in the cottage. Apart from her necklace, there was not much apart from some paintings, yet it was homely.
It’ll do for a few days.
“You must be new in town then?” she whimpered as she was pushed down in the chair.
“Why?”
“I thought they would have forgotten about me; you must have heard someone gossiping about me. Everyone has wondered for years what I did with my husband’s inheritance. Hell, some suspected I killed him.”
He knelt in front of her, his interest stirred, and panic radiated out of her.
 “Go on.”
“It’s been so long that I thought people forgot about me out here. I came here to escape the wicked gossip,” the weariness and defeat choked her voice.  “Someone was bound to find me though. How foolish of me to think I was safe.”
“That’s the problem of being alone, lady. No one’s around when the nasty men come calling.”
Her frail body trembled.
“I’m not stupid. You don’t look like a man who takes ‘No’ for an answer.”
 He snarled as he stood up. 
“Damn straight.”

***

Tim watched from the hill as Kieran forced himself into the cottage.
Something about this wasn’t right. Call it a sixth sense or a premonition, but he was sick with dread.
His keen eyes saw a glint to his left as the sun was low in the sky. He had to shield his eyes as he turned and saw something within the trees that surrounded the house.
The branches hung low and intertwined with each other and created a strange formation.  It dawned on him that it looked like a mausoleum.
Even the silence bothered him.
“Something is wrong here,” he said as he descended the hill and held the shotgun tightly. The grass was overgrown, and the dew chilled him through his clothes.
The forest suddenly erupted to life with  the crescendo of both predators and prey and overpowered his sense. As did the violence that crackled in the air.
As he slowly moved towards the trees, he felt stalked and his heart beat increased.
The unusual grove yawned into an entrance and beckoned. It was a tomb of bare elder trees that erupted from the earth unnaturally. Each one deep with tattoos powerfully gashed across the hard bark.
His mouth became uncomfortably dry as his hand trembled. Night birds squawked overhead and the darkness fell upon him like a living entity as he stepped into the shadows. The coldness soaked into his skin and the darkness was great, and he felt small in its vastness.
The air was heavy with the smell of fresh earth and what Tim could only describe as the scent of dogs.
His panic went into overdrive as his gaze fell upon the row of cars. He was unable to see how many vehicles there. The line of automobiles was staggering.
He yanked out his lighter and thumbed the flame. Though a faint light, he was able to see enough which caused a cold sweat to break out on his already shivering skin. He noticed various models from different decades.
He turned slowly and observed the ground was dotted with several homemade crosses above long mounds of grass that stretched about two meters.
My god!  his mind nearly shattered at the implications. Shallow graves!
As if in a daze, he fled the makeshift cemetery and raced towards the cottage.

***

“You better not be lying to me,” Kieran warned as he yanked the old lady from the chair.
“No, it’s down in the cellar. In the broken furnace,” she pleaded. Kieran was pleased by her tone.
“Your husband must have been somebody; that’s a lot of loot you got,” Kieran said and marched her towards the cellar door.
“I won’t talk about him to a lowly thief like you,” she spat.
Kieran shrugged. “Suit yourself.”
The door screamed on its rusted hinges as an emanation of dank and mold hit their nostrils. Dirty sunlight filtered through the dust-caked windows.
Kieran's mud-caked boot stepped down onto the top of the grimy concrete steps. All of a sudden, he felt a pain deep in his side. He grunted and was shoved and forced off balance.
He tumbled down the stairs and stopped suddenly and painfully at the bottom, gasping and angry.
He looked up and saw the old lady smile cruelly.
“It’s amazing what can be concealed in a house dress,” she said with the wave of a large kitchen knife that dripped with his blood.
She slammed the door and turned the key in the lock and Kieran realized he was now sealed in the dirty, cold cellar.

***

Tim hurried out of the tomb of trees, as his heart pounded painfully in his chest.
His body was drenched in perspiration.
The distance between him and the cottage shortened.

***

The dim light could not penetrate the gloom. Kieran pressed his hand to his wound and winced at the pain. The cut felt as if his skin swelled with a  painful ache.
His eyes darted quickly around the vast cellar. The haze of dust was thick, and apart from the coal fire and a few remnants of furniture, it was empty.
“No way I’m dying down here,” he grunted.
A low throaty snarl penetrated the silence.
Kieran’s entire body tensed and a cold ball grew in his stomach.
In the far corner, something grew out of the shadows, the beast advanced forward. Crouched low to the ground, the stench of death radiated from its powerful frame, it advanced and moved with a vicious power.
His eyes widened in disbelief, and his body shook, oblivious to the warm liquid that ran down his legs.
Tufts of dark fur bristled on the dark grey skin of the creature; its hollow eyes were sunk deep in folds of flesh, and its yellow claws clacked on the concrete. The long snout opened, baring ragged teeth. Kieran slowly shuffled back up the stairs.
It kept its sunken black eyes fixated on its prey.
Kieran closed his eyes to his fate. The carrion odor grew strong in his nostrils and the heat that radiated from the monstrosity overwhelmed him.
An animalistic roar tore through the air.

***

Tim raced to the dusty cellar window and dropped to a crouch. He inched across the grass.
An inhumane scream burst from the cellar: fear mixed with ungodly agony.
Tim pressed his face to the glass. What he could see, through the thick sheen of dust, was a scene ripped from a disturbing nightmare.
The carnage was incomprehensible.
Kieran was shredded into a mere semblance of a person.
He watched the creature turn as if it detected more prey. Then it stalked back into the shadows in the corner.
Tim turned away from the window as the sight and violence of the primeval creature numbed his senses. The shotgun felt weighty and dangerous in his hands.
Why not? he thought to himself. Storm into the cottage. Put down the old bitch and her beast?
Another roar, torn straight from the abyss of hellfire, stabbed fear into his heart and spread through his entire being.
Tim hurried away from the nightmare, but he heard a faint noise of the front door unlock followed by a snarl. Instinct or fear caused him to flee as the prey attempted to outrun the predator.
The trees blurred by as he ran. He pushed himself faster, as his calf muscles tightened in agony. He gasped painfully while he ran.
The forest seemed endless. Was he lost or was the forest keeping him prisoner? No matter how far he ran, he made no progress in his escape.
Punishment is what this is.
He knew that. The faces of their victims tormented his exhausted brain.
His body struggled forward in a futile attempt to escape his fate. But his legs crumpled, and his defeated body struck the grass. He gasped as every muscle was taut and spent.
Even though blood pounded in his ears, he could hear the beast’s approach.
Twigs crunched under the creature’s weight and Tim closed his eyes.
A primeval snarl echoed through the forest.
His weary eyes fluttered open as he saw it. His mind snapped, and madness took hold. He was out of himself, and watched the scene. He saw himself lift the shotgun, and aim at the monster.
Before he could pull the trigger, the beast was upon him.
Crazed laughter joined in the screams as he was torn apart with unnatural savageness.

***

The forest was a canopy of nocturnal predators. The crescent moon cast a pale glow on the demon. The fire licked from the barrel as thunder echoed through the trees.
Yet the injured beast inched forward.
The patrolman inspected the car. It was pure luck that he had driven down this road, yet here it stood. The entire state was after the two.
His hand rested on his Glock, he was alert for any sign of the fugitives.
He was about to radio in his find when the gunshot roared out of the forest.
“Christ,” he sputtered as he took cover behind the car, gun drawn, and looked over the trunk. Two continuous thunderous booms were followed by a deathly silence.
The laughter was hollow and without humanity.
The patrolman stood up as rain cascaded down.
A man limped forward, arms spread wide, he laughed and cried. His body was bruised and bloody.
“Stop!” the patrolman warned, and aimed at Tim.
“I know it ain’t dead. You can’t kill it. It will get me. It got Kieran. It’ll come for me! Yep! Yep! Yep!” 
He fell to the forest floor. His psyche was broken.
All the patrolman could do was watch as the man cowered.

***

The elderly lady was guided by lamplight as she shoved earth into the makeshift grave.
Her injured protector sat in the shadows and watched.
She said a silent prayer for him as she did for the rest of them.
“Even wicked souls deserved a chance of redemption in the hereafter,” she said to the thing in the shadows. “Or in the case of the living, like that one who got away.”
She signaled to her guardian as they headed to the reclusive comfort of the cottage.
She nodded and the beast let out a low growl.
The foreboding forest was once again at peace.
FOOTSTEPS IN THE DARK
By Kim Plasket

“No, no, no.” I yelled as the car shuddered to a stop. “Of course it has to be in the middle of freaking nowhere!”
The sun was about to set when I hit the steering wheel which in turn caused my hand to ache. I narrowly avoided hitting a tree, but still the car decided it had enough. I guess that hunter’s rifle I heard go off had scared a deer, or whatever it was that jumped onto the road, ran back into the woods. I had to swerve to miss it.
I felt a sudden pain in my head. I put my hand to my temple.
Migraine again? I thought but chose to ignore it. It was just another thing that went wrong on this trip. I grabbed a couple ibuprofens to tide me over. Once I got to the hotel, I’d take something stronger.
“You couldn’t have gone a few more miles?” I complained to the car. “If I was in a story right now you would just magically start up.” The fact the car stayed where it was proved I was not in a story at all, merely just my dumb life.
The hotel I was staying at was only five miles up the road. I had a two-week vacation time and I planned on just sitting in my room trying to decide where I went wrong with my life.
I glanced out the rearview mirror and saw the storm was coming up fast. The temperature dial on the dash told me it was getting colder. By the time it was dark it wouldn’t be the rain they predicted, but snow.
“It’s time you get moving,” I told myself.
There was a lantern in the trunk, I also had a couple extra sweaters and socks. My winter coat was placed on the backseat as if to say, Aren’t you glad you remembered to put me in the car?
After about twenty minutes of preparation, I left my luggage and computer in the car and merely shoved my wallet, keys and cell phone into the inner pockets of the coat. I had the lantern in one hand, the road was icy so I had to take my time. I wasn’t going to let it stop me even if those couple inches of snow would seem like feet by the time I got to the hotel. I was determined to reach the hotel in one piece, even if that piece was a bit frozen.
As I trudged onward, ever the faithful soldier, the sky grew darker, the wind whistled through the trees. It sounded so mournful, like soulless demons moaning in the night.
Or maybe more like howling banshees foretelling the death of loved ones, I thought.
I wondered how long it would take for me to get to the hotel, I wasn’t scared but it was kind of creepy. As I walked along I thought about everything I had been through.
I had ended my relationship with Mark after he told me he was going to hurt me if I continued to write.
It was as if he was two men. When we first met, he knew I was an author  but he eventually decided my choice of vocation was just a waste of time when I could be waiting on him.
We had quite the argument. It got to the point I had to call my brother to come pick me up. I could have driven off, but I was scared.
“I’m gonna get you!” he had screamed. “You hear me, Tori! I’m gonna get you!”
That was a few months ago. So far he had obeyed the restraining order I had, but I wasn’t sure how long it would last.
“Stop focusing on the past,” I told myself as I walked along.
Since the road was mainly ice, there was very little traction. I kept my head down to watch for slippery spots. As I walked, I was surprised there weren’t any other cars on the road as it was a main road after all.
I looked at my watch. It was still pretty early even though the dark sky made it seem later. Or maybe my watch stopped. I thought I heard a car coming so I moved closer to the side of the road, but it was just an echo from somewhere else.
The snow began to fall with a gentle flurry. I wondered what would happen if I just stood there.
Would I become frozen like one of the trees on the side of the road?
I knew the snow would soon start to fall faster and heavier, and I wished  like mad that the hotel would suddenly be there in front of me. I didn’t tell anyone in case he tracked me down and was able to get people to talk. He was very charming when he set out to be, also very violent if he was pushed or if he felt backed into a corner.
I heard something behind me but when I spun around, I lost my balance and fell in the middle of the road.
“What?”
There was nothing behind me.
 I swear I heard someone walking.
It was faint so maybe it was just dead branches falling from the trees. The snow was getting heavier and the air colder. I shivered in my jacket wondering how much further I had to go.
“Tori.”
It was my name and it came from behind me.
It’s just your imagination.
I’m coming for you.”
It’s just the howling wind playing tricks.
“There is no way Mark figured out where I was going. I didn’t use the joint credit card, so he wouldn’t be able to see anything. He’s still sitting in the jail cell where the police put him after he used his new girlfriend to threaten to blow me up. He said he was going to put a bomb in my car and kill me and anyone close to me,” I said out loud. My words were hollow.
 His new love ran to the cops, her fear of being arrested was stronger than her fear of him. However, right after she told the police, she went home and killed herself.
Maybe she was a ghost now following me. Maybe she wanted to finish what Mark began. She was his dead soldier willing to carry on his quest to end me, which would be funny if she didn’t hate me as much as he did.
A crunch on the ice behind me caused me to spin around once more.
There was nothing there.
The lantern light wavered. I stopped and tried to brighten again. I couldn’t have walked for three hours, which was how long the lantern was supposed to last. I should have grabbed the GPS from my car, but the hotel was supposed to be along this road.
I pulled my phone out of my inner pocket. When I glanced at the screen, it said “no service.” The hotel brochure assured its guests there was perfect cell service near the hotel.
Maybe the weather is messing it up,” I said, not wanting to scare myself more than I already was.
I stood still and listened to the sounds around me. The wind caused the dead branches to move back and forth.
I thought of skeletons reaching up to the night sky, as they grabbed me and pulled me into a freshly dug grave.
Mark would be waiting with a shovel to bury me. His malevolent grin would be the last thing I would see.
I shook my head to dispel such thoughts.
He wouldn’t be able to hurt me now. He’s in jail!
It was then I heard a footstep closer to me. Instead of spinning around, I stopped and waited to hear in what direction they were coming from.
I knew there was a possibility of something, or rather someone, else on this road with me but when the footsteps didn’t continue.
I laughed at myself.
“You are hearing the echo of your own feet,” I laughed, but was interrupted by an icy cold gust of wind that nearly knocked me over.
The snow turned into little ice-cold needles. Each snowflake was a tiny sword determined to cut me into ribbons.
I thought about just sitting down and letting the elements take me, it was bitter cold. The snow just came down, there wasn’t a speck of light anywhere and my lantern gave out so I threw it behind me. I listened for it to fall to the ground but there wasn’t a sound.
I continued to walk even, though my pace slowed. I kept hearing the footsteps behind me. I really wanted it to be the echo but the way the wind howled and it was difficult to tell.
The snow got deeper with each passing minute, I had no idea how long I had been walking. It could have been hours, or even days for all I knew. I stopped every few feet to shake the snow off my head.
As the wind howled, it sounded like someone called my name but I dismissed the thought because in this wind there was no way I could hear a voice. My fear tried to choke me, I could feel its hands around my neck.
It tried to reach into my body. It wanted to rip my heart out and leave it as food for the animals who were brave enough to come outside in this treacherous weather. Yet, here I was walking to some hotel, that at this point, was probably a figment of my imagination.
Again, I had to remember he didn’t know where I was. Again, I had to remind myself the footsteps or noise behind me was simply my overactive imagination.
I hope. 
The snow was too deep for any real sound other than the ones I made, which wasn’t much. My breathing was labored. I’m not sure if it was from fear or the cold. 
I shivered as the wind bit right through my coat as if I walked in the nude.
I stopped as something flew in the air and barely missed me. I imagined it to be an ax thrown by a serial killer who lived on the mountain. It had the hair of his victims, brain tissue and covered in blood but it was just a branch from a tree.
“You need to stop being scared of your own shadow,” I muttered to myself and wondered what happened to the strong woman I used to be.
It was the many years of emotional and physical abuse. I got used to him using his hands but when weapons, or anything he could get his hands on, I had to leave. It was only a matter of time before he killed me. 
I guess I should have told someone where I was going. It was dark and cold and I wondered how much energy I had left.
Any minute now, whatever is following me is going to pounce and rip my throat out and claw my eyes out!
The wind began to blow all around me and the smell of smoke was heavy in the air. The wind threatened to knock me off my feet. I stood, but  it was not easy. My head was pounded with every step. I just wanted to lay down somewhere as each breath was like needles in my chest. I had no feeling at all in my hands or feet.
The hotel had to be close! Wait. Was I walking circles?
There was no way I could lose all sense of direction but the fact was I think I did. I could see something up ahead, but it was too dark and snowy to make out. It wasn’t the hotel, but it was some kind of shelter. As cold as it was getting, any kind of shelter was enough. I rushed as fast as I could. It was a snow covered car with someone inside.
I knocked on the door hoping they wouldn’t be scared, but the person didn’t move. I went to the drivers side, I could see the car had hit a tree but didn’t seem too damaged.
The driver sat there, stiff as the trees outside the window. I pried the door open figuring I could try to help. When I got the door open, I was able to tell the driver was a female. She had long hair, but other than it was impossible to tell anything.
The engine was off and the car was cold. I felt around for the interior light, hoping the car hadn’t been there too long. It turned on with a simple touch, allowing me to see more.
The reason the car hit the tree was evident, it looked as if she had been shot in the side of her head.
The place where she had the bullet hole was the same side as my excruciating headache. I felt something drip down the side of my head at the same time the blood dripped down her face.
I turned her face towards mine. My hands shook as I stared into my dead and clouded eyes. 
Mark had found me.
OPERATION OUTAGE 
By Valerie Puri

It all started when I got trapped in the elevator. There were eight of us crammed shoulder to shoulder in the enclosed space. I should have never held the door open for those two latecomers. It was too crowded. The smell of sweat and perfume wafted off the woman standing next to me. With no air ventilation in the compact space, I sweated through my business suit.
The man near me groaned. “Debbie, we should have taken the stairs.”
I didn’t know who these people were. I presumed they worked in the same office building as me, but they must have been on different floors owned by other companies.
“Charlie, we’ve never taken the stairs,” Debbie said.
“It’s pitch-black. I can’t see a thing,” Charlie complained.
He had a point. I’d never been trapped in an elevator before, but I thought emergency lights would come on or something if the power went out.
“Let me try the flashlight on my cell phone,” Debbie chirped.
She elbowed me in the side as she rummaged through her purse. There was no apology. It didn’t hurt, but it was still rude.
“No good,” she declared. “My phone’s not turning on. Battery must have died.”
After a pause, Charlie said, “You’ve got to be kidding me. Mine’s not working either. I know I had a full battery, too.”
Annoyed with their useless whining, I fished my phone from my pocket. I thumbed the power button, but nothing happened.
“Son of a bitch,” I mumbled.
“What’s that, buddy?” Charlie asked.
“Stupid phone isn’t turning on,” I mashed the button again, but still nothing. “Is anyone’s phone working?”
A chorus of rustling filled the confining space as the elevator occupants searched for their phones. Grumbles followed but no light.
“I can’t believe this,” Charlie said. “Debbie, can you believe this? No one has a working phone?”
“That’s just weird,” Debbie said.
She was right; it was strange that no one’s cell would turn on.
I shifted my weight from one foot to the other. It would have been nice to sit, but the elevator was too full. There was no way to tell how long we would be stuck in there. I was already running late for the meeting that would make or break my career.
I could picture it in my mind. The board members sitting around the conference table, checking their watches, and waiting. Waiting for me to present the pitch of a lifetime. My new product idea would put Reachtech years ahead of our competitors. But if I wasn’t there to present it, the board would choose an inferior design presented by one of my co-workers. I couldn’t let that happen. I had to get out of this box.
“Try the call button,” I offered.
“What?” Charlie asked.
“The call button. Every elevator has to have one that will sound for help.” I couldn’t believe this guy didn’t know this.
“Brilliant idea,” he said sarcastically. “And just how am I supposed to see the button when I can’t even see my hand in front of my face?”
I rolled my eyes. None of us could see anything, but no one else was complaining about it… except maybe Debbie.
“I don’t know, asshole. You were the last one in. You’re standing right there by the buttons. You don’t need to see them to feel them.”
“What a prick,” Charlie mumbled. Metallic clicks punctuated the sound of breathing as he pressed buttons on the panel. We waited for some sound. A bell. A ringing. A voice. Something.
“It’s not working. Any other bright ideas?”
“Yeah.” I folded my arms, hating that I was stuck in here with this jerk. “Shut up.”
Debbie gasped.
“How dare you tell me to shut up,” Charlie roared. “Do you have any idea who I am? If you worked for me, I—”
A faint sliver of light sliced the elevator door in half. Voices poured in through the growing gap.
“There are people in this one, too,” someone from the outside said. “Help me get this door open.”
Fingers and hands pried the metal panels apart. Fresh air flooded the cramped space. I could breathe again. These people were eager to help us escape our prison. I smiled, knowing there were still some good people left in the world.
Charlie pushed his way to the exit and knocked Debbie off balance. She fell sideways into me, her weight crushing me against the elevator wall. I grunted. The jolt reminded me that there were even more selfish bastards out there than considerate people.
“Easy, Charlie!” Debbie scolded.
The fat asshole didn’t care about anyone but himself. In his haste to clamber out of the elevator, he didn’t notice it was stuck a few inches lower than the floor. He tripped over the uneven threshold and fell on the tile with a satisfying crack.
“Watch your step,” I smirked.
I let Debbie leave the elevator next. She knelt beside Charlie and placed a hand on his shoulder.
“Are you okay?” she asked.
Charlie shoved her away. “I’m fine. I don’t need help.”
I stepped off the elevator. All the lights were off in the building. The sun coming in from some windows around the corner provided the only illumination. Things were too quiet. The lack of power silenced the air conditioning’s ever-present hum. The absence of white noise was jarring. I could only hear Charlie’s grumbling and the other people talking.
I glanced at the number outside of the elevator door. Floor eight. This was my floor. If I hurried, I could still make it in time for my presentation. It seemed my luck was turning around. I rushed around the corner and came to a stop at the doors for Reachtech.
My stomach sank when I saw the badge reader to the right of the door. The red LED was off.
“Shit,” I said. I tried swiping my badge in vain. Nothing. No beep. No green LED. No click of the door lock releasing. Nothing.
I banged on the door as hard as I could.
Within a few seconds, the door swung inward.
Marrion Clark, Reachtech’s administrative assistant, stood in the threshold. Her blue eyes were wide, and her face was washed out, making her red lipstick stand out against her skin.
“Steve, where have you been? Did you hear?” Her voice shook as she spoke.
“I got stuck in the elevator, why? What happened? Is the board meeting canceled?” I asked hopefully.
“What meeting? The board meeting?” Marrion shook her head. “We have bigger problems than that.”
I bit my lower lip. This wasn’t good. I knew last quarter’s earnings report showed a loss, and Reachtech took a beating in the stock market. But I didn’t realize it could be this bad.
“You mean with the company?”
“You really don’t know? I was in the conference room with the board members. They were watching the latest investment news when the screen changed. It was the president. He was giving an address. Sirens were blaring in the background. The president declared war with the enemy.”
“Which enemy?” I asked. “This country has plenty.”
“I don’t know. Before he could say, the screen just turned off. Everything turned off. We lost power to everything. Not just to the building but to everything!” Marrion shrieked. “All our cell phones, laptops… nothing will turn on. Not even the little flashlight on my keychain. Nothing works anymore!”
I stood there with my mouth open. This couldn’t be real. It’s just something Marrion made up to trick me. She was just trying to rattle me before my board presentation. Alan Bogger probably put her up to it. He’s always been after my job and is pushing for his amateur product design to beat mine.
“Are you sure that’s what you heard on the TV? We can’t really be at war. That’s just so… out there.” I folded my arms. “Come clean. Tell me this is just some prank.”
She started crying. “My husband and kids are out of town. They flew out to see my in-laws a few days ago. I was supposed to fly out and join them this weekend.” A loud sob escaped her throat. “Now I can’t even call them to hear their voices. I don’t know when I’ll see them again.”
A constant stream of tears smudged her mascara. She was rather good if this was some joke she and Alan were playing. I uncrossed my arms and adjusted my shoulder bag. The damn thing was heavy. I cleared my throat.
“Look, the power just went out. It’s nothing. It’ll be back on soon.”
“This is different. If this is really just a power outage, then why don’t our cell phones work? They won’t even power on.”
“I don’t know.”
I didn’t have an explanation for her. I wanted to find out what was wrong with our phones, too, but I had more immediate concerns. “I need to see the board. Excuse me.”
I pushed past her and entered the hall. It was like walking into the dark throat of a monster waiting to swallow me up. The further I went, the darker it got. I finally reached a closed set of doors at the end of the hall. I could just make out the handle in the deep shadows. I grabbed it and opened the door.
Entering the room, I was grateful for the floor to ceiling windows. The board members were sitting around the table. I expected them to greet me with their usual stony faces. Instead, they looked as if they were gathered at a wake. I cocked my head to the side as I examined them more closely.
Oddly enough, their expressions were much like Marrion’s. They stared blankly at me as if I weren’t there. There was no way they would also be in on Alan’s effort to sabotage my presentation.
“Please excuse me for being late. I was trapped in the elevator when the power went out.” I checked my watch. It showed five minutes after nine. “I must not be that late, though. I see Alan isn’t here yet.”
Trevor Eiselman, the Vice President of the company, looked at me strangely. “Didn’t you hear the news?”
I frowned. Was he talking about what Marrion told me? I couldn’t repeat what she said. It would make me look like a fool in front of the entire board. I opted for the simple response.
“No.”
“We are at war, son,” Trevor replied.
What a strange way to put it. This man was not my father, nor had he ever acted in any way that resembled a father figure or even a mentor. He was always indifferent to me. The fact that he called me “son” was entirely out of character for him. Much like the way he slumped in his chair as if he had aged decades in a matter of minutes.
“Are you sure about that? The power’s out, and no one’s cell phones are working. How can we be certain we are at war?” I asked.
“We all saw it on the television before the power went out,” Karen Krane, one of the major shareholders, said.
“Everything went out, not just the power,” Alan said from behind me.
I jumped and spun around to see his crooked nose in my face. That sneaky little bastard, always creeping around and listening in on everyone else’s conversations.
“And what would you know about it?” I demanded.
“I’m fairly certain we have just experienced an EMP attack,” he said.
I rolled my eyes. “In English, please.”
“It’s an electromagnetic pulse. Basically, a discharge of electromagnetic radiation is released in one, intense blast.”
“Like a nuclear bomb?” Karen asked.
“Sort of,” Alan said. “Only it’s detonated at a high altitude, not on the ground. The EMP disables all electronics in the blast radius, just without the physical destruction or fallout of a nuclear bomb.”
“’Sort of?’ You don’t sound too certain about this, Alan.” I folded my arms. “How do you even know all this, anyway?”
He cleared his throat and looked down at his shoes. He was twisting one of his feet back and forth on the carpet as if grinding out a cigarette.
“At a time like this, son, it’s best not to avoid the question,” Travis said. “Enlighten us. How do you know of such a weapon?”
Alan looked up and spoke directly to Travis. “It’s classified, sir. In a former life, I—” he paused as if considering how much to reveal. “I worked on such things. Not building them but designing them.”
“Shit,” I said.
I tossed the printed materials for my presentation in the trash. Whatever Alan had prepared, my design didn’t stand a chance against his. With the President declaring war and the EMP attack, the rules had changed. He was the expert here, not me. The board would see this and favor his ideas over mine.
“How large an area do you think’s been impacted?” Marrion’s voice cut through my thoughts. “I have to reach my family. Maybe I could get to a payphone somewhere and try to call them.”
“Where are you going to find a payphone? There’s maybe one left in the entire city.” I couldn’t believe she was talking about those antiquated phone booths.
“I don’t know. I’ll get to a gas station and see if I can use their phone. Alan, there have to be some electronics working nearby, right?”
“There’s no way to know how far this reaches. It could be just a few blocks, the entire city, or—” Alan stopped abruptly. His face went pale and he shook his head. “Oh no.”
Seeing Alan shaken like this made my stomach churn. He was always so arrogant and confident, but his reaction to this situation unnerved me.
“What?” I asked. “What is it? You know something you’re not telling us.”
He swallowed hard. It was audible in the dead silence of the room. “I could go to jail for telling you this. It was a classified military project I worked on years ago. It was all theory, but given enough time… it could be fully developed and implemented.” He ran his hands through his thinning hair.
“The project was called ‘Operation Outage.’ The plan was to deploy a series of airborne missiles to specific coordinates over the target country. Each missile would be equipped with an EMP and detonated simultaneously. This network of EMP blasts would cripple an entire enemy nation, leaving them vulnerable to invasion, attack, and full-on occupation. We were trying to be the first country to develop this technology. We never actually built it and, as far as I know, Operation Outage was disbanded. At the time, the technology was not available to execute such a strategy.”
The room remained silent after Alan finished speaking. He extracted a handkerchief from his pocket and wiped the sweat from his forehead. I felt like I might throw up. This thing, whatever it was, definitely knocked out all electronics on this floor and the circuit for the elevator.
I shook my head, wondering what—or who—could cause such a thing to happen. “Maybe it’s just our building,” I offered. “We could check the surrounding buildings. Someone must have power and a working phone for Marrion to use.”
Marrion perked up at the idea. “Yes, Steve is right. We should go right away.”
“I think it’s safe to say that we will not be having our board meeting as scheduled today,” Travis said. “Those willing to venture outside are free to go. I ask that you return to us with news of what is happening.”
Karen, who was sitting near the window, swiveled in her chair to look out. “I don’t think you’ll be driving. None of the cars are moving down there.”
“Then I guess I'm walking. Who’s coming with me?” I asked, scanning the room.
The board members all remained seated and avoided eye contact. I wasn’t surprised. This was grunt work. They were either too far above it or too old to keep up… or both.
As I expected, Marrion spoke up. “I’m definitely coming with you. I need to find a working phone.”
“I’ll go,” a voice behind me said.
This time, I was surprised. It was Alan. I was sure he would take this opportunity to smooth talk the board into a plan on how to rebuild while I was gone. Assuming the world really had gone to shit, he would be in a prime position to pitch his idea. He had the expertise in this matter and would have the board all to himself.
“You sure about this?” I asked, skeptically. Maybe he was getting back to normal and trying to pull another fast one on me.
He nodded. “You might need my help out there.”
“Fine,” I relented, “Anyone else coming along for the ride?”
The irony wasn’t lost on me. We weren’t riding anywhere. Based on what Alan said and Karen saw, our cars were as good as rusted out junkers. We were going on foot.
No one else volunteered. It was just me, Marrion, and Alan. This would be interesting.

***

Navigating the stairs was like descending into the depths of Hell. Without air conditioning, the stairwell felt like the inside of a furnace. Going down eight flights of stairs in the pitch dark was no easy feat. We had to be cautious and go slow. I nearly missed a step a few times and stumbled. At least I wasn’t in high heels like Marrion.
By the time we reached ground level, sweat was dripping down my face and back.
I groaned. “I feel disgusting. I’m too old to be climbing down the stairs like this.”
Alan chuckled. “You’re not that old. We’re about the same age, aren’t we?”
“I’m forty-seven, no kids, and divorced. Add all that up, and I’m old.” I leaned against a wall to catch my breath. Maybe if I had gotten my ass to the gym, I wouldn’t be panting so hard. My mid-life crisis gym membership was a complete waste of money.
“How sad,” Marrion said. “Don’t you have any family?”
I gritted my teeth. I didn’t need her pity. “None worth mentioning. Let’s move.”
When I found the lever to open the door to the lobby, I could see again. The tinted atrium windows glowed in the mid-afternoon light. It was like stepping into a distant world. The entire area was empty except for the three of us. The once busy cafe in the corner, greeter’s station, and lounge areas were vacant.
“Where is everybody?” Alan asked.
“Maybe they’ve gone for help,” Marrion said. She fumbled with the hem of her blouse.
“Come on. Let’s find you that phone.”
I peeled off my suit jacket and tossed it on a nearby chair. I’d be back for it later. We left the eerie silence of the building behind. Once out on the street, we heard people shouting and glass breaking. Were they fighting? “Let’s see what’s going on,” I said.
Alan and Marrion followed me as I jogged to the end of the block and rounded the corner. I stopped cold. I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. Standing on the corner, I could look down the cross street in four different directions. From what I could tell, all the buildings in sight didn’t have any power. But that wasn’t the worst of it.
“Unbelievable,” I scoffed.
“What’s happening?” Alan asked when he caught up to me.
“The idiots are rioting. Actually rioting.” I shook my head. “The president just declares war, and these people turn to fighting and looting.” I watched as people broke out the windows of abandoned cars. Someone down the street smashed a shop window with a brick. A few moments later, I saw him emerge from the window with an armful of electronics still in their boxes. The idiot probably didn’t realize that none of them would work.
A woman emerged from a convenience store with clear plastic bags loaded with food and drinks. A man ran up behind her and tried to wrestle one of the bags free from her grip. She shouted and kicked at him. I smiled to myself when she landed a perfect blow between the guy’s legs, and he went down. She ran away with her loot, leaving him curled up on the ground. Stealing stolen goods from a woman. How low could you get?
“Come on, let’s go down this street.” I pointed to my left. “It’s the only way that’s not currently getting ransacked by looters.”
Marrion was tugging at her blouse again. “This is bad. Maybe we shouldn’t be out here. It could be dangerous.”
“We need to complete our reconnaissance,” Alan said.
“Okay, Mr. Classified,” I chided. “Just keep up and be alert. We need to be ready for anything.” I led the way across the street, checking both ways for oncoming traffic out of habit. It wasn’t necessary, though. For as far as I could see, every single car on the road was stationary. My stomach churned with that uneasy feeling again. I wasn’t as confident about this situation as I wanted them to think, but I didn’t want to worry Marrion any further.
The more we walked, the worse I felt. Each city block was worse than the last. Marrion clung to my shirt sleeve as if she were afraid the looters would attack her if she let go. The people we saw on the streets were breaking into cars or buildings or attacking each other.
“We should head back,” I finally said.
“Thank goodness,” Marrion said with a quiver in her voice. “I don’t like being out here with these hooligans.”
“But Steve, we haven’t found a working phone, and we still don’t know what’s going on.”
“We won’t find it out here, Alan. These people don’t seem to care what’s going on,” I shot back. “At least we know one thing.”
“What’s that?” Alan folded his arms.
“It looks like the whole city is without power.”
The walk back to our office building didn’t seem to take as long as it did when we set out. More storefronts and car windows were broken out. These looters had been busy. Shattered glass crunched under our feet as we walked.
“Almost there,” Alan said, pointing to the next block.
A low rumble pulsated from the pavement. I put my arm out to stop Marrion and Alan. Bits of glass on the sidewalk jumped like water hitting oil in a hot frying pan. The windows of the building next to us rattled in their frames. A broken pane shook free and crashed to the ground.
“What’s going on?” Marrion asked. “Is this an earthquake?”
“Maybe? But earthquakes are rare in this area,” Alan said.
Persisting, the rumbling got louder. I could feel the vibrations in my feet. It had been going on for too long for it to be an earthquake.
Something massive was moving up ahead. I felt the blood drain from my face when I saw the source of the so-called quake. Just beyond our office building, a tank rounded the corner.
“What the fuck?” I swallowed. “How the hell is a tank still working, Alan?”
“I don’t know. It shouldn’t be possible, not if we were hit with an EMP. Unless…” Alan trailed off again in his “it’s classified information” voice.
“Out with it,” I snapped.
“Unless someone deployed countermeasures on military assets.”
“Countermeasures?” Marrion asked. She peeked out from behind me still clinging to my sweaty arm.
“The program I worked on had a counterpart. While I was working on Operation Outage, another team was working on a method to counter the effects of an EMP. The theory was to have our forces equipped with anti-EMP technology in the event of an enemy attack.”
“How?” I interrupted.
“That was classified, even to me. All I know is that a protective shield was being developed to block gamma radiation emitted by an EMP blast. I don’t know any more than that. I don’t even know if the research was ever completed.”
I watched as the tank finished making its turn onto our street. It had matte black armored plating that jutted out at odd angles. Maybe that was part of the design to protect it from the EMP. “Well, someone figured it out.”
Marrion loosened her grip on my arm. “Do you think they can tell us what’s going on? I mean, that is a U.S. Army tank, isn’t it?”
Alan screwed up his face. “It’s not like any tank I’ve ever seen.”
“Look,” Marrion pointed to our building up ahead. “He must have the same idea.”
A balding man with a beer belly emerged from the front entrance. His white dress shirt was nearly translucent with sweat. It was Charlie, the belligerent man I was stuck with inside the elevator. He waved his arms in the air as he walked towards the tank trying to get the driver’s attention.
“I recognize that guy. We were trapped in the elevator together. His name’s Charlie.” I started walking toward our building. Alan and Marrion followed. We were still about a block away when I noticed the turret turning. It rotated to point its gun at Charlie. He seemed oblivious and was still approaching the tank, waving his arms.
My mouth went dry. Charlie needed to get out of there. He was in the tank’s sights. I opened my mouth to yell for him to run, but a deafening boom silenced my voice. I couldn’t believe what I just saw! One moment, Charlie was standing there, and the next moment, he was gone. There was nothing left of him.
I grabbed Marrion and Alan and rushed behind a nearby parked car. We crouched down, trying to remain out of sight. My heart was pounding against my ribs as if it wanted to burst from my chest.
“Holy shit,” I said again.
Marrion trembled. Her eyes were wide, and her mouth kept moving, but no words came out.
“I thought they were friendlies,” Alan said. “Our troops wouldn’t attack civilians like that.” He peered over the trunk of the car and started counting. Ducking back down, he lifted his pant leg to reveal an ankle holster with a small pistol. “Three more coming. Infantrymen, heavily armed.”
“What the hell, Alan! You had a gun on you at the office?” I asked.
“Personal protection. We’ve got bigger problems than worrying about me breaking the No Firearms On Premises rule.” Alan undid the strap securing his pistol. He palmed the gun and turned off the safety. Chambering a round, he releasing the slide with a click.
I heard another boom, closer this time. My blood pounded in my head now. This was real. A tank was rolling toward us, and all we had to defend ourselves was Alan’s tiny pistol. We didn’t stand a chance. I wiped the sweat from my forehead with a shaky hand. “Are you going to try and take out a tank with a pistol?” I asked in disbelief.
“No.” He peered over our barricaded again. “I’m going to take out the tank with a rocket launcher.”
“Where the hell are you going to go get a rocket launcher?” my voice trembled.
“Off that dead soldier,” Alan said, nodding his head in the direction of the tank.
I eased myself up so I could see over the car’s trunk. It looked like shrapnel from the last blast killed one of the soldiers. The man was slumped against a nearby car. His entire torso was stained red with blood. In his limp arms, he cradled a rocket launcher.
“I’m going in.” Alan snuck out from behind our cover. Crouching, he crept to the next car.
There were plenty of vehicles parked along the curb, but only a few cars stranded in the middle of the street. The sedan with the dead soldier propped against it lacked cover. Alan’s destination was wide open.
I watched as he darted to the next parked car. All the animosity and distaste I felt for Alan in the past melted away. He was turning out to be a hero. He rushed to the next car, and then to the next. He went as far as he could while remaining hidden. Suddenly, he dashed into the road, holding his pistol out in front of him, ready to fire.
A soldier appeared from across the street and spotted Alan just as he was hoisting the rocket launcher up. The soldier shouted something in a language I didn’t understand. Alan looked up just as the soldier positioned his rifle against his shoulder. He shouted something again. Alan got his grip on the rocket launcher and fired off a one-handed shot with his pistol. He got lucky. The soldier collapsed to the ground. He reached down and grabbed a duffel bag before running back to our cover. “One down,” he panted.
He placed the rocket launcher and bag on the ground next to me before checking his gun to make sure he had another round in the chamber, suddenly, there was a pop. At first, I thought Alan had fired his pistol without meaning to. Only when he spat up blood and crumpled to the ground at my feet did I realize I was wrong.
I stared into the vacant eyes of the man I had once hated. I didn’t even get a chance to tell him that I’d been wrong about him… or to thank him. He was gone.
“I think I’m going to be sick.” Marrion gagged and turned away.
I snatched Alan’s pistol and peered over the car. A soldier approached our hiding place with his rifle aimed in our direction. My stomach plummeted to the ground. Until now, I had no direct part in this downtown battle. Fight or flight? I glanced over at Marrion who was trembling. It was clear what I had to do.
I gripped the pistol, ready to aim and pull the trigger. I looked down at Alan’s lifeless body. If I screwed up, I could wind up like him. I popped up and fired the gun.
The soldier grunted and shouted at me. He didn’t go down. Instead, he pointed his rifle at me, about to fire.
“Shit,” I said.
I squeezed the trigger three times. The oncoming soldier fell. I ducked back down behind the car. With the soldier shot dead, the enemy would know we were here. My eyes fell to the rocket launcher. Now for the tank. 
I needed to make sure Marrion got to safety before I attempted this. I had no idea how to fire this weapon. “Marrion, listen to me.” I grabbed her by the shoulders. She stared at me with glassy eyes and a distant expression. “Listen. Get out of here. You need to get to your family.”
Understanding crossed her face, and she blinked.
“Get to your husband and kids. Forget about finding a phone; this area isn’t safe. Just get the hell out of here. Walk to them if that’s what it takes.”
Marrion nodded.
“Go now. Get out of here.” I released her and pointed down a deserted side street. The looters had already been through there, so she shouldn’t run into much trouble that way.
Marrion nodded again. She clambered past me and bolted out of sight. I watched her disappear from view, hopeful that she was on her way to safety.
Now that she was out of harm’s way, I picked up the rocket launcher. There was a grip with a trigger. It looked straightforward. Aim and shoot, just like in the movies.
I crouched down and lifted the rocket launcher onto my shoulder. I felt the weight of the weapon bear down on me as I stood. When I walked into the street, the tank halted. I turned to face it, lining the rocket up with the center of the massive vehicle.
The gun on the tank rotated in my direction, just as it had done with Charlie. Only he didn’t have a rocket launcher. I squeezed the trigger. The back blast hit me like a brick wall. The rocket whizzed through the air, a little lower than I’d intended. I held my breath. I was certain it would fall short and hit the road. But within seconds, the rocket slammed into the tank with a fiery explosion. A shower of metal and flaming debris cascaded down around the hollow shell of the tank. I thrust my fist into the air and let out a cheer.
For the first time since stepping outside, it was silent except for the crackling of fire. There were no looters, no tanks, no gunfire, and no screams. My heart rate slowed. It was over. The war had started, but I had won this battle. Alan, Marrion and I won.
The rumbling of another earthquake rolled across the ground from behind me. I turned around to see three more tanks coming down the road. Here I stood, a lone man with an empty rocket launcher. I glanced over at Alan’s body. He was still holding the dead soldier’s bag, its contents spilled onto the ground. There was one rocket left. I reloaded the launcher, again just like in the movies. After positioning the rocket launcher on my shoulder, I returned to the middle of the street. This time aiming a little higher, I targeted the approaching tanks. I took my time to get it just right.
I thought of Charlie, the man from the elevator who didn’t deserve to die. Of Alan, my co-worker who I’d never really liked, but who died a hero. Of Marrion, who braved this insanity just to see her family again. I thought of all the people over the years I’d wronged or just could have been nicer to, including my ex-wife. This would be my act of recompense.
I steadied my aim as the three tanks leveled their guns at me. I squeezed the trigger. The boom from the rocket launcher made my ears ring. I didn’t hear the tanks fire, but I saw the muzzle flash from their guns. The last thing I thought about before the world went dark was that today was my wedding anniversary.
IN THE FLOORBOARDS AND THE DOORS
By DL Russell

July 18, 1990

Artie Wilson was the only member of his small troop of friends who’d found a real job right out of high school. Unfortunately, taking the job meant he would do exactly what he said he never would: work in an aluminum foundry, just like his old-man. The idea of coming home smelling of sweat, burned sand, and soot didn’t appeal to him one bit, but the $14.75 an hour he would make was a big carrot to dangle in the face of any 18-year-old.
Artie exited the cool shade of the Occupational Health Clinic lobby and walked into the glaring sun of the mid-summer afternoon, positive he’d passed the work physical. He’d been told his results would be forwarded to the foundry within forty-eight hours, and he could expect to start working by the coming Tuesday if all went well.
“You hear them too, don’t you?” a high, raspy voice said as Artie walked along the building’s west side heading towards the baby blue 1975 Cutlass his father had given him. He looked up, surprised to see the male nurse who had administered his hearing test. The little man was well under five feet tall, with almost no meat under his skin, making his nursing whites hang from the bony points of his shoulders. His skeletal cheeks showed thin, red veins through pale flesh, even though Indianapolis had been going through a heat wave over the past six weeks, and everyone in the city seemed to have a tan.
“Excuse me?” Artie replied, not sure if he’d heard the small man correctly.
“I said, you hear them too, don’t you?” the man repeated. “Your hearing test was all zeros in both ears, my boy.”
“What does all zeros mean?” Artie asked respectfully. “Is it a good or bad thing?”
“Oh, you have perfect hearing, but that comes with a price, don’t it?”  The little man tossed the cigarette he’d just finished smoking down to the butt into the sidewalk, stomped it under one of his child-sized white tennis shoes and ran a tiny hand through his thin, red hair. “You see, I had perfect hearing at one time myself. I know what you go through with it.”
“I’m not sure what you mean,” Artie said, still trying to be polite. Although, he was starting to feel uncomfortable talking to this weird little man who was suddenly looking around suspiciously as if he was about to tell Artie a secret only meant for his ears.
“The voices,” he whispered. “I know you hear ‘em too.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Artie took a step backwards.  “But I have to get going. Nice meeting you.” He turned and walked quickly towards the Cutlass.
“The next time you open a creaking door or walk across a squeaky floorboard, slow down and listen!” the man called out. “If you want to talk about what you hear afterwards, you can find me here at the clinic anytime! Just ask for Lil’ Joe Martin… everybody knows me!”
Artie didn’t acknowledge the nurse’s comment as he quickly climbed into his car. He fired up the throaty 455 V-8 engine and drove away without looking back.

***

By the time he made it home, Artie had relaxed. The little man freaked had him out for sure, but now all he wanted to do was kick his feet up while he still had the house to himself. His dad wouldn’t be home for another three hours, and Artie was positive their dinner conversation would consist of a lecture on the importance of taking advantage of the opportunity this job was affording him. He’d heard it a thousand times already, ever since his dad had called in a few favors and gotten him the interview two weeks ago, and he wasn’t in a hurry to hear it again.
Artie turned on the TV and flopped down on the plaid couch in the living room. He and his dad shared this small place with two bedrooms, and Artie had to admit that the years his dad had put in at the foundry had allowed them to live a decent life. They didn’t have anything fancy, and they lived in the hood, but they had cable and plenty of food in the fridge, two things many of their neighbors couldn’t claim.
He got up to get a Nehi soda from the kitchen, and while walking, noticed the wood floor of the living room squeaked quite a bit. The words of the man outside the clinic came back to him.
“The next time you open a door or walk across a squeaky floorboard, slow down and listen.”
Artie wasn’t sure why he did it, but just as he reached the front of the doorway leading to the kitchen, he stopped and took three large steps backwards. This time, he walked forward slower than his normal pace and listened. The sounds of the creaking floorboards seemed to vibrate through the empty house, through his body. And, to his surprise, intermingled with the grinding, loosened wood, he heard the unmistakable voice of his mother who’d died when he had been only seven years old. She wanted him to know she still loved him very much.

Today

Closing The Complete Poems of Emily Dickenson and blowing out the series of candles used to illuminate the grand library of Coulter House, Amelia Coulter held the book under her aging bosom and carried it back to its honored place among the rich mahogany bookshelves. She loved reading her books in the grand library, especially the poetry.
Even with her eighty-three year old eyes in the dimly lit collection, Amelia knew exactly where to go, never once stumbling into one of the lush pieces of furniture. Of the 7,000 volumes, many were first printings of American Literature and had become collector’s items which she already planned to donate to the University of Indiana’s library upon her death. But now, she wanted to select another story, one to take with her up to bed. She’d recently been reading Mark Twain’s Life On the Mississippi but hadn’t finished it before placing the book back on one of the high shelves.
Amelia rolled the ladder to the far end of the library and stopped just under the section dedicated to Mark Twain, which wasn’t as extensive as some of the other American writers, but the six novels she had were considered his best works. Between The Adventures of Tom Sawyer and The Tragedy of Pudd’nhead Wilson rested Life on the Mississippi. She had stopped worrying about putting the books in the exact alphabetical order years ago, although she planned to make it a project for Thompson, eventually, something to keep him occupied during the winter months when they were often stuck in the mansion together for weeks at a time. She loved Thompson and appreciated everything he had ever done for her, but the butler could become worrisome when he ran out of things to do.
“Let me get that for you, Lady Coulter,” Thompson said softly, surprising her just as she was about to go up the ladder. “Will you be finishing Life on the Mississippi tonight?”
“You know me too well,” she told her only employee and best friend.
“After sixty-two years together, I should know you well, Lady Coulter.”  Thompson was eighty-five years old and still moved with an energy and alertness that sometimes surprised Amelia. She could still remember the day he was hired at Coulter House, and how her late husband, Bertram, had grilled the man on the rules of the mansion and his expectations for the young butler. Amelia had found Thompson extremely handsome at that time, and even though his hair was now silver and the corners of his eyes and skin showed spots and creases of age, she still considered him a good-looking man.
Grabbing the ladder, Thompson took the first then the second rung, and the mahogany slab suddenly popped under his weight. The ladder, along with the rest of the library, had been a part of the original construction in 1891, but had shown no signs of decomposition or insect infestation. The sound of the breaking wood was loud and crisp, and the sharp shards of the broken step appeared to bite into Wilson’s black sock-covered left ankle as he fell and his foot pushed through the split lumber. He cried out in pain as his body hit the hardwood floor solidly, hip first, at Amelia’s feet.

***

“You were sleeping with your first assistant, too, weren’t you, Arthur?” Jeanie asked as she lay beside him in the small bed at the rear of his second story office. They sometimes used it to make love before she went home to her ailing mother.
“Why would you ask me that?” Arthur turned to face her, hoping this wasn’t the start of an argument.
“You say her name in your sleep. A lot.”
“Really?” he asked, honestly surprised.
“You did it just now. You do it all the time.” She said it without malice or jealousy, sitting up on her elbow. She was naked, and looking at her erect nipples and perfect, palm-sized breasts, Arthur suddenly wanted to take her again, but something told him he should finally explain his past relationship with Trudy.
“She wasn’t really an assistant,” he started. “Trudy was actually a partner in the company. We had a falling out, and she sold her share of Supernatural Psychics to me.”
“Must have been some falling out,” Jeanie said. “Can I ask what it was about?”
“Sure. SPI was making a name for itself. Trudy was a true psychic. Unlike me, she could sense the presence of a spirit just by walking in the room, whereas I have to listen to the surroundings, you know.”
“Where’s the conflict in that?” Jeanie asked. “Sounds like a marriage made in supernatural heaven to me.”
“For a time, it was. We were making a name for ourselves as I said, but we weren’t making enough money to pay the bills,” Arthur went on. “Then I pointed out the obvious—that we could make more money if we postponed telling our customers what we knew the moment we entered the place they wanted us to examine. So, I started delaying my findings, making sure we stayed on each case long enough to make a profit. Nothing that you haven’t seen me do a hundred times, but nothing I would call an out-and-out lie.”
“Trudy found that unethical?”
“Extremely. She said she didn’t want any part of the scam I was running, and she told me to make her an offer for her part of the company, so I did. I haven’t seen her since.”
“But you loved her,” Jeanie said more than asked.
Arthur laced his hands behind his head and stared up into the darkening room. He was lost in a memory, looking at the slowly rotating paddles of the ceiling fan—the lights and shadows playing across the walls as traffic drove by outside—but seeing a time and place far beyond. He released a huge sigh before answering.
“I loved her,” Arthur admitted, “and for a while, I begged her to stay.”
“But she refused?”
“She said I was no better than those late night ‘Psychic Friends’ who were taking people’s money by the minute back in the early ‘90s, and that I was doing more harm to our profession than I could imagine.”
“It sounds like she took her work very seriously,” Jeanie stated.
“She did. She told me once that we had a link because we had been intimate on a psychic level, and that anytime I needed her, I could call out to her, and she would know. She was a real piece of work, to be honest.”
“Have you ever reached out to her?”
“No, not even just to see if it was true. As I said, she was a real piece of work.”
“Honestly, so are you, Arthur.”
The phone rang. Arthur’s back and shoulders relaxed, releasing a knot of pent-up energy, happy with the opportunity to change the subject. He sat up to answer, but Jeanie held his shoulder and asked him to let the machine get it. She was assuming the call to be from her mother, asking when she was coming home. After the fourth ring, the recording she had made five years previous when she had first started working for Arthur picked up and told the caller to leave a message, along with a call-back number.
“Mr. Wilson… Mr. Wilson!” the frantic voice of the elderly female caller shouted into the phone on the other end. “Mr. Wilson, I know you’ve told me I have nothing to fear in my home, but I must insist that you come out to Coulter House as soon as possible! Name your price, and I will gladly pay it. It’s a matter of life and death now, Mr. Wilson. Mr. Wilson, will you please pick up!  My butler has been injured, and I am beginning to fear for both of our lives, Mr. Wilson! Please pick up, Mr. Wilson! I believe this house is alive!”
Arthur and Jeanie looked at each other in surprise. The distressed voice of Amelia Coulter was one they had known for years. For some odd reason, the wealthy widow was convinced her husband was attempting to come back from his long, dead grave to torture and kill her and her butler, who seemed to be her only conversational outlet. Arthur actually felt sorry for the woman, and despite her pleading for his services, he hadn’t had the heart to keep taking the rich old woman’s money. He simply told her that sometimes a creaking floorboard is just a creaking floorboard. It had been almost three years since her last call.
“I think you should call her back, Arthur,” Jeanie said, still up on her elbow.  “The poor woman sounds as if she’s about to have a nervous breakdown.”
The tension Arthur’s body that had just released now regripped his muscles ten-fold. “I’ve told you a hundred times.” He sat up, pulling the covers to his waist, all thoughts of more sex leaving his mind. “What I do is real, and even though I may milk a client to make a profit, I try not to lie to them about my findings. The only issue at Coulter House is Amelia Coulter.”  
“I know,” Jeanie told him, sitting up to meet his eyes and kissing his shoulder. “I know, but I think you should talk to her, maybe calm her down.  Just do it this once, if only for me.”

August 28, 1990

Artie had never been so tired in his life. If it wasn’t for the pride he saw in his father’s eyes every time someone mentioned his son working in the Finishing Department, Artie would have walked out within his first hour of foundry work. Running twelve-hour shifts, seven days a week, Artie was on day number 22 of his 90 days of probation, during which time he couldn’t miss a shift, and he couldn’t be late.  Shakespeare Foundry was a hot, dirty, disgusting place to work, and the Finishing Department was the worst area to work in. Of the seven others who had started the same day, he was the only one left.
“Go get some drink! Take ah break, mahn!” the voice of Wally, his West Indian relief man, suddenly shouted into his ear. “Over 100 degrees outside today, very hot!”
Artie wanted to tell Wally the foundry was over 100 degrees on the inside every day, but he knew it wasn’t time for jokes. When there was a chance for an unscheduled rest, he knew he should take it and be happy about it. He left the knockout station, walked out of the finishing department, and up the stairs to the air-conditioned break room. He took a paper cup and filled it with Gatorade. The liquid was ice cold, and he quickly drank three more cups before taking a seat at one of the tables.
The break room was huge, with half a dozen vending machines and nine big coolers where employees stored their lunches. There was also a row of eight food warmer ovens along the wall closest to the door. Everything, including the tables and chairs, was covered with a tarnished layer of soot from the foundry below, despite the fact that someone was assigned to clean the area twice every shift.
There were several people in the break room, but everyone looked the way Artie felt: dirty, hot, tired, and wanting to be left alone to enjoy the few moments of peace they had before going back out into the chaos of the foundry. All of them were in that mental zone somewhere between exhaustion and drunken stupor that only comes from working long hours in a hot, dirty environment over an extended period of time.
When the middle-aged woman in the conservative, but attractive business suit, came into the break room, no one seemed to notice her. She had to repeat herself several times before Artie realized she was speaking to him.
“I’m sorry,” he told her as she stood next to his table.
“I said, you’re James Wilson’s son, aren’t you?” she asked.
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Your dad has been working for this foundry for years. I hope you put in the kind of effort he has. Your dad’s a good man.”
“Thank you, Ma’am.”
“Call me Virginia,” she told him, extending her slender hand. “I’m Virginia Shakespeare. My father and uncles started this foundry a long time ago. It’s a pleasure to meet you…”
“Artie, ma’am.” He looked at his grime-covered hand and made an effort to wipe it off on his pants leg before shaking hers.
“Nice to meet you, Artie,” she said.  “I hope you stay with us.”
“I’m trying ma’am… I mean, Virginia.”
She turned to one of the vending machines and purchased a bag of chips, then sat in the chair across from Artie.
“I’m gonna give you a little secret, Artie.” She said. “You can’t do anything about the heat or the dirt or even the hours in the foundry, but there’s one thing all good foundry-men can do, and that’s stay well fed and well hydrated. Every chance you get, you put liquid into your body and a little bit of food.”
“My dad told me that,” Artie said.
“Your dad knows what he’s talking about. You can also eat a lot of bananas. They have potassium that will help keep your muscles from cramping up on you while you sleep.”
“I have had a few leg cramps at night,” he told her.
“Try the bananas,” she said, suddenly standing. “I have to get to a meeting, but again, it was nice meeting you, Artie, and I hope you stick around.”
“Nice meeting you, too, Virginia,” he said as she walked away. And for the first time, Artie noticed the squeaking coming from the floor with each step she took. As she opened the door to leave the break room, the voice speaking to Artie sounded so clear, he thought someone was whispering right in his ear.
Artie didn’t know why he did it, but he jumped up and caught Virginia Shakespeare right outside the door, telling her what he’d just been instructed to say. Of course, she looked at him as if he were crazy, but she also told him she wanted to finish their conversation after her meeting. Artie was shaking as he returned to the knockout, but he also felt like he’d done something positive with the strange new gift he’d been given.

Today

After he saw Jeanie out, Arthur heard the voice of Joe Martin as the door slowly creaked shut.
“Let’s walk,” the voice said.
Slowly, deliberately, Arthur began to pace around the polished wood floor of his lobby and held a conversation with his dead mentor.
“Your lover is right, Artie. You need to go see about that woman.”
“Why, Joe? I’ve been out there three times over the years.”
“Think about it, Artie. How many homes have you been in where you didn’t hear anything? Almost every structure has spirits in it, spirits hungry to communicate.”
“I’m not getting your point, Joe.”
“That is my point, Artie. You have never heard a sound coming from an old mansion like that? I can tell you… on this side, there are a lot more of us than there are of you on your side, and we love to talk. A chance to communicate is what keeps most of us going. If Coulter House is as noisy as you say, there’s more to the story.”
“But I didn’t hear anything!”
“Exactly! The spirits were quiet. In fact, I can tell you, there were no spirits there. They had all been driven from the premises. But why? What would drive a dead spirit from a place full of old hardwood floors, heavy-hinged mahogany doors and handmade cabinetry? Think about it, Artie. What did I teach you?”
“That most spirits simply want to be acknowledged. Most spirits spend their time seeking a source of friction to communicate through.”
“And if there is a source of friction, chances are, there is a spirit speaking within its noise.”
“Joe, what’s powerful enough to drive away every spirit in a mansion with so many sources of friction in it?”
“Since I’ve been on this side, Artie, I’ve learned there are beings, other than spirits, using the energy from your side to do all kinds of things.”
“What kinds of things?”
“Things you wouldn’t believe. I do my best to avoid coming into contact with them, but unfortunately, they seek out spirits like me because of the gift I had when I was alive. The same gift you have now, Artie.”
“Are they demons?”
“’Demon’ is too kind a word for the beings I’m talking about, Artie. We call them The Breakers on this side. These beings not only communicate through the friction of your side, but they can also take that same energy and move objects over there as well. They can capture the energy and manipulate it as they choose.”
“And it’s one of these… these Breakers, trying to kill Amelia Coulter?”
“With a little help from her dead husband, I believe.”
Artie stopped pacing. In moments like this, he hated his gift. He hated having perfect hearing.
And he understood why Joe Martin had punctured his own eardrums to drown the voices out; the responsibility was just too great.
It was also at moments like this he found himself wondering how his life would be if he had stayed at the Shakespeare Foundry, working next to his old man. His dad had put in a total of forty-one years, and he’d lived another fifteen after his retirement. He’d had a pension and social security to take care of him, and he never wanted anything he couldn’t afford to have. Not a bad life for a man who hadn’t finished high school, right?
“Joe?” Arthur said towards the ceiling, but he knew immediately his mentor was no longer there. He’d intended to ask about Trudy and his parents, if Joe had been able to find them. Neither of his parents had tried to communicate with him in over a decade. In fact, nobody he’d known in life, except for Joe, ever spoke to him anymore.
As for Trudy, Arthur wasn’t sure if she had passed away or not, but something inside him kept saying she had. He hadn’t shared these feelings with anyone, but he’d dreamed of her suicide more than once. And if she was dead, chances are Joe Martin would be the last spirit she’d want to come in contact with, especially since the two of them had never hit it off during the early days of SPI.
“Where are you, Trudy Valmore?” Arthur quietly asked the empty lobby. “Where are you?”

August 29, 1990

Virginia Shakespeare was forty-five years old and the majority owner, President and CEO of Shakespeare Foundry. She’d been in the position for almost seven years since the company had nearly been driven into extinction by her late uncle Jacob, the last of the founding members. Her father, John, was the only one of the three who’d had any real business sense, and after his death, it was a steady ride downhill under the leadership of first her Uncle Joseph, and then her Uncle Jacob.
After the death of Jacob, Virginia had persuaded enough of her cousins to sell her part of their shares in the company, and eventually, she controlled over 70 percent of the business. The first two years had been rough, but because she possessed the same business sense her father had, she was able to find enough steady work to ensure the foundry would stay open. This led to even more contracts, and over the last four years, profits grew steadily.
While waiting for Artie to arrive, Virginia stood at the back wall of her office, looking at a picture of her father and her two uncles. She still couldn’t believe what she’d been told the day before. How could the union have found out Deltios Engines had made an offer for the foundry so quickly? She hadn’t even told any of her staff yet. All she’d done was have lunch with Fernando Deltios; the Italian firm had been buying up small foundries throughout the Midwest, and now they were making a play for Shakespeare. She hadn’t given them an answer, but she knew it was very unlikely that she would ever sell her family’s business.
But if word was being spread down on the production floor already, she would be barraged with questions every time she left her office. And considering they were in the first year of a four-year contract, there wasn’t much leverage to be gained from having her employees fear for their jobs. It wasn’t like the union to have an employee, one who hadn’t finished their probationary period, get involved in something like this. Maybe they felt young Artie Wilson was as close to a sure hire as they’d ever had, considering his father’s stature with the company and in the union. She hadn’t been able to get back with him after her meeting the day before, but she was determined to find out more about just what the union believed.
Artie knocked softly on the open office door. Virginia turned around and saw the nervousness on his face and decided a soft line of questioning would be best. She told him to have a seat, sat down across from him, and leaned forward.
“Artie, although you aren’t in the union yet, you can still have someone in here with you if you’d like.”
“No ma’am. I mean… Virginia,” Artie said softly, looking down at his hands. “I figured this was a touchy subject, and I haven’t talked to anyone about what I told you yesterday.”
“Oh, really?” Virginia was surprised. “Not even your father?”
“Especially not my dad. He doesn’t know what I can do.”
“Exactly what is it that you can do, Artie? I’m a little confused now.”
Virginia sat back in amazement as Artie told her about his physical exam and his conversation with Lil’ Joe Martin afterwards. He then told her about his mother contacting him and of a dozen other instances; he’d had a spirit communicate with him, the last of which had been her father.
“Artie, look at me,” she said in a stern voice. “Are you telling me the union had nothing to do with what you said to me yesterday? Are you telling me you can hear spirits in the sounds around us? Do you take me as some kind of fool, Artie?”
“No ma’am. I don’t take you as a fool at all. I think you’re a nice woman, and I liked how you took a moment out of your busy day to even say two words to me yesterday.”
“Why are you doing this?” she demanded.
“Because your dad made it sound real important, that I tell you not to sell this foundry, and that its best days are yet to come.”
Virginia stood up, and began to pace around her office. When she reached the door, she slowly closed it. “So, you expect me to believe my father not only talked to you through the sounds of my footsteps yesterday, but that your only concern is for the foundry, correct?”
“Well…” Artie paused, turning to face Virginia and the closed door. “Then there’s my dad.”
“What about your dad?” she asked, walking towards him. “I thought you said he had nothing to do with this?”
“He doesn’t, ma’am…. Uh, Virginia. But this foundry is his life. If someone came in here and moved all the work somewhere else, I think it would kill him.”
Virginia could feel the tension building in her shoulders. She walked back to her desk, this time sitting straight up in her chair. She looked at Artie, every feature of his young face, trying to find any hint that he was lying.
“Okay, Artie. Say I believe you. Say I give you the benefit of the doubt on this... How do you do it? How does it work?”
“As far as I can tell, spirits try to use the energy in some points of friction to communicate with us. That’s how it was explained to me.”
Suddenly, Virginia got up and walked to her closet. Directly in front of the door, she began to tap her foot until she found the exact spot she was looking for. Once she found it, she took several steps in place and then rocked her small feet back and forth, playing the squeaking floorboards like a crude musical instrument.
“Tell me, Artie, did my father say anything just now?” She expected him to have no answer as she turned to face him, because his gaze had returned to his hands again.
“He just said, ‘The boy’s telling the truth, Snooks.’”
Virginia felt all the blood rush from her face. She pressed a hand to her gaping mouth and reached out for something to steady herself, but she seemed to be a million miles away from everything. Snooks was a nickname her father had given her when she was a very small child. To her knowledge, nobody else—nobody else alive, that is—had ever known about it.

Today

Amelia Coulter opened the front door of the servant’s house and helped her butler across the threshold. Thompson hadn’t suffered any broken bones in his fall, but he had received lacerations to his left ankle and calf and had severely bruised his hip. The hospital had cleaned his wounds, given him something for his pain as well as a tetanus shot just in case there was any infection.
The servant’s house, which connected to the mansion by an elevated crosswalk, was dark and quiet. As she helped Thompson up the spiral staircase and into his room, Amelia could imagine anyone who didn’t know them assuming they were a couple of old drunks as they leaned upon one another. Thompson was all but silent during most of the ordeal. He was used to being the strong one within the house, and it was obvious that Amelia taking care of him made him feel uncomfortable, if not embarrassed.
“I’ve loved you, since the day I met you, Lady Coulter,” Thompson said suddenly, his voice obviously sedated by the painkillers.
“Don’t say such things, Thompson. I’m your employer.”
“Once you were my lover. Do you remember?”
“I do remember, but that was wrong,” Amelia told him, looking around as if there was someone else in his bedroom listening to their conversation. “It’s our sins that have us in this predicament.”
“We are old, Amelia, and the only thing stopping us from still being suitors is our aging bodies. Nothing else.”
“Thompson, please. It’s time you get some rest. We can talk tomorrow, I promise.”
“Tell me that you love me.”
“Thompson, of course I love you. I’ve been your employer for over sixty years.”
“But do you love me as a woman loves a man, Amelia?” he asked, looking her in the eye.
She had gotten him undressed and tucked in under his blankets, and there were no more distractions she could find to allow her to change the subject.
“Yes, Thompson, I love you, and I have for over sixty years,” she told him. “Now, get some rest. Please.” Amelia kissed his forehead and pulled the covers up to just below his chin.
High on the painkillers from the hospital, the old man didn’t argue but simply smiled, closed his eyes, and said, “I knew it,” before quickly drifting off to sleep.
At that moment, Coulter House seemed quiet and terrifying. A part of Amelia wanted to climb into bed beside this man, to snuggle up to his shoulder and simply listen to his breathing until she fell asleep.
Amelia rarely thought of the intense, illicit affair they had shared so long ago. Her husband had been increasingly busy running the Coulter businesses, and he’d left her alone, sometimes for weeks. Thompson had been with them for two years, and she had often found herself watching him as he went about his work in the mansion. Her husband had been the only man she’d ever been with, and Amelia had begun to have an almost obsessive curiosity about what it would be like to be taken by her handsome butler.
Her desire finally got the best of her after her husband had sent a telegram informing her he had to travel to Europe and would be gone for two weeks. It was that very night when she allowed herself to tiptoe into the servant’s house and climb into bed with Thompson as he slept. By the time her husband had returned, the two had already fallen in love.
As she closed the door to Thompson’s room, thoughts of the previous night’s events and her frantic call to Arthur Wilson came flooding back. She took the crosswalk towards the mansion, finding comfort in the familiar creaks and groans of the floor as she moved. She knew each sound like she knew her own name, and as she reached the stairs and began to descend them, she found herself grinning at her fear. How could she have been so foolish? She knew Artie must have played her message over and over again and had himself a good laugh.

June 29, 1993

In the three years since he’d begun working at Shakespeare Foundry, Artie Wilson had made it through his probation, joined the union, and become very good friends with Virginia Shakespeare. Whenever there was a tough decision to be made regarding the foundry, Virginia would secretly summon the young man to her house to ask him to attempt to communicate with her father.
When she asked him to her house two days before his birthday, he assumed it was for a similar reason, so he was surprised when she handed him ten thousand dollars and a first-class ticket to Las Vegas.
“I can’t take this from you, Virginia,” Artie told her as he held the ticket and an envelope full of money in his hand. “I never asked you for any money for what I’ve done.”
“Oh Artie, don’t be foolish,” she told him. “Do you realize how much work you’ve helped generate for the foundry? I was already a rich woman, but you have made me a very rich woman, and I think that deserves a little compensation.”
“But, Virginia…”
“No buts! Besides, there’s more where that came from. You get the rest after you return from the convention.”
“What convention?”
“Artie, let’s sit down.” Virginia took his hand and led him through the large foyer of her home and into her living room. “As I said, you’ve done so much for me, and I want to show you how much I appreciate your help.”
“But what does that have to do with a convention in Vegas?”
Virginia reached for a pamphlet from her end table. “I just want you to go to this convention, Artie, and keep an open mind about what you see and hear there.”
“This is a Psychic Convention!” Artie said, holding out the pamphlet, trying to get her to take it back. “I’m not a psychic. I’m just a kid!”
“In a few days you’ll be twenty-one, and if what you do isn’t a psychic ability, then I don’t know what is.”
“But I could never tell anyone else about it. If your dad hadn’t been talking about you selling the foundry, I don’t know if I would have even said anything to you. I don’t want anyone else to know about this, ever!”
“Why not?” Virginia wanted to know. “Think about all the people you could help with your ability. And we both know you’re not a foundry man. It’s time you start thinking about your future. You can’t live for your father forever.”
“But I wouldn’t know where to start, Virginia. I’m not ready for something like this.”
“Artie, I know people with money who would gladly pay for what you can do as well as keep your secret. And I’m going to do all I can to help you get your own business up and running.”
“You’re serious, aren’t you?”
“Yes, and I won’t take no for an answer. I want you to take this money, go to Vegas, go to the convention, and enjoy yourself. If you like what you see, I am willing to help you get a business started.”
“But Virginia…”
“No buts, Artie! You will at least go!”
The seriousness of her gaze reminded him of the first day he’d been called to her office. He knew any effort to get her to change her mind would be a waste of time.
Two days later, he boarded a plane from Indianapolis to Las Vegas. His first class-seat was next to a young black girl from Paulding, Ohio. Her name was Trudy Valmore.

Today

“Lady Coulter… Lady Coulter…” Thompson’s weak voice called from outside Amelia’s bedroom door. She rose and looked at the clock on her nightstand. It was only 6:47AM.
“Thompson, you should be in…” she began, only to have the words catch in throat as she opened the door.
Thompson was still in his nightclothes, but his body was almost completely covered in sharp splinters of wood, as if he was being tortured with thousands of tiny, jagged toothpicks. Behind him, Amelia could see a trail of destruction in the floorboards, as if something had ripped its way out. His body hung limply, and his eyes glowed with terror. 
“It’s time, Lady Coulter,” said the voice coming out of Thompson, although Amelia knew now it wasn’t her butler at all. “You and I have business to attend to today.”
“Bertram?” she whispered, her hand clutching at her pounding chest. “Is that you?”
“No, you old sack!” the voice inside Thompson shouted venomously. “Bertram Coulter is gone. I ate him!” Thompson’s body lunged forward, and Amelia saw that her butler’s dentures were gone, and his mouth was full of more serrated bits of wood.
Amelia took several steps backwards, still clutching her chest. Her legs struck the side of her bed, and she sat down hard, a look of horrified confusion on her face.
“Your husband may have been a big shot while he was alive, but on this side, he was just another dead guy, another spirit walking around lost.” The voice went on. “Oh, don’t get me wrong. He talked about how you were a cheatin’ whore and how you betrayed him with this nitwit of a butler. He talked about it to anyone who would listen. But, he had no power.”
“What do you want?” Amelia shouted. She surprised herself with the amount of anger in her own voice. “I’m an old woman, and Thompson is just an old man. What can you take from us now that would matter?”
“Who says I want anything from you, Lady Coulter?”
“Then why are you doing this?  Why are you bothering us?”
“Let’s just say I’m someone who was wronged in life, and I intend to make it right in death.” Thompson’s face was manipulated into a broad splintery smile, causing bits of wood to bulge grotesquely from his lips, bucking them forward.  

Arthur kept the Cutlass close to the posted speed limit while driving the 142 miles between Indianapolis and Fort Wayne. His nerves were on edge in a way that he wasn’t accustomed to, so he used the trip to think. His gut had told him to go alone, so he hadn’t taken Jeanie. He also hadn’t contacted Amelia Coulter to let her know he was coming. All morning, he’d listened to his surroundings, hoping to learn what he could to pick up information. The spirit world, as Arthur knew, was like a white-trash trailer park, a community where gossip was repeatedly passed from mouth to ear and those who told what they knew did so because they wanted to be considered “in.” But for Arthur, all the voices were currently silent. Silence was very unusual. He’d never done more than talk to the spirits he’d encountered, but he’d also never dealt with a spirit bent on causing anyone harm. For the first time in his professional life, Arthur felt he needed a weapon.

June 29, 1993

Artie had never been on a plane. He’d never been out of Marion County actually, and the idea of him sitting in a first-class seat, heading to Las Vegas, boggled his mind with excitement. He wasn’t afraid to fly, but the power of the plane as it sped down the runway just before taking off had caught him by surprise.
“You aren’t nervous, are you, Artie?” asked the pretty girl sitting next to him.
Artie opened his mouth to speak, but two things stopped him: first, the fact that this stranger knew his name, and second, her appearance. Her hair was braided straight back in thick cornrows, and her eyes, accented by light blue eyeshadow, were the lightest shade of brown he’d ever seen. Her skin was a deep chocolate without an imperfection. Her glossy mouth and its smile were full and inviting, and Artie knew he could look at her all day and never get tired of what he saw.
“You okay, Artie?” she asked after a moment of his silence. “You want me to call over the stewardess?”
“How… How do you know my name?” he finally asked. “Who are you? Are you friends with Virginia or something?” He began looking around the first-class cabin nervously, wondering just how many people around him knew who he was. The air was suddenly hot, and he could feel sweat on his head and neck.
“You don’t remember me, do you? I guess I can’t blame you if you don’t.”
“Did we meet?”
“Well, we haven’t actually… at least not in person, I should say.”
The confusion inside his head only added to the need his body felt to perspire, and the steep angle of the plane, on its way to a cruising altitude, played surreally over his thoughts.
“Close your eyes, and think about it, Artie. Think about who I am, and how you and I came to know each other.”
He couldn’t say why, but Artie did as she instructed, and immediately, the name Trudy popped into his head.
“I can hear the cogs turning in that head of yours. You’ve got it… now dig a little deeper.”
“Trudy Valmore?”
“Two points for you!” she said, reaching over and planting a glossy kiss on his cheek. “I’m Trudy, and you’re Artie. We’ve met several times in our dreams. We both knew we would meet here, today, at this point in time. Chances are, you just forgot.”
“Are you…. Are you a psychic?” he whispered while rubbing the sticky spot on his cheek. “Are you going to the convention in Vegas, too?”
“Duh! Of course, I am!” she said, tilting her head to the left and then the right. “Do you think I would be on this plane, sitting next to an Acoustical Clairvoyant with mild Psychic Tendencies, if I wasn’t?”
“Is that what I am?” Artie asked matter-of-factly. “An Acoustical Clairvoyant with mild Psychic Tendencies?” Suddenly, he realized they were holding hands and leaning into each other, their foreheads touching, eyes holding the other’s gaze. Their voices had taken on a low whisper.
“Yes, Artie. That’s what you are.”
“And what are you?”
“Oh, me? I’m just a Medium.”
“That’s it? Just a Medium, while I’m an Acoustical Clairvoyant with mild Psychic Tendencies? That hardly seems fair.”
Holding eye contact, they pressed closer until a loud natural hiccup of laughter burst out of them. They didn’t stop holding hands until they reached the Las Vegas Airport.
Today
Arthur arrived at Coulter House and immediately felt uneasy about the situation. The mansion was over six thousand square feet, with a sandy brick facade and red brick-paved roundabout. He pulled up to the main entrance, turned off the engine and just sat there listening, thinking, wondering what he was about to get himself into. The fact there was no sound, not even from the wind, made him that much more insecure about his next move. He looked at the mansion and realized it was looking back at him. The walls and roof seemed to inhale and exhale impatient and irritated, ready for a fight.
Arthur stepped from the car and walked around to the huge double doors leading to the foyer. They were thrown open before him by inhuman hands. The ripple in the polished mahogany floor caused him to stumble. His legs buckled and he landed hard on several large, jagged pieces of splintered flooring, which punctured both knees and sent a bright burst of pain up his body to the back of his closed eyes. His upper body fell forward, and although he tried to catch himself his arms seemed paralyzed at his sides. The last thought to go through his mind was of how warm his blood felt as it pooled up around his face and how quickly things can change.

July 10, 1993

“This is not why I sent you out there, Artie!” Virginia Shakespeare yelled as she paced back and forth in her den. “I wanted you to go to see if this is something you could handle as a business, and you come back with a girl who says she’s a Medium!”
“But Virginia, she is!  Believe me; I’ve seen what she can do.  She’s way better than I am!”
“Just because a young woman is good in bed doesn’t mean she should be your business partner! And if this is any indication of the kind of decisions you’ll make in this endeavor, then I’m afraid I’ve judged you all wrong!”
“So, now you don’t want to help me? After all, it was your idea for me to go to Vegas and that I should even start my own business in the first place! All because I want a partner?”
“Artie.” Virginia took a deep breath and set down on the sofa. “ I’m sorry.  I just didn’t see this coming.”
“But you’re not a psychic. And neither am I. But Trudy sure is. Just give her a chance, Virginia. If only for the fact that I like her, and I believe in her. I’ve never lied to you, and I never will.”
“I know you would never intentionally do anything to hurt me, and I trust you to make good decisions.” She stood back up and put her arms around him. “But over the last few years, you’ve become the son I never had. And, in a lot of ways, I guess I see this Trudy as the girl who just isn’t good enough for my boy. I’m sorry.”
“Just give her a chance to show what she can do. If you’re not impressed like I was, I’ll leave it alone.”
“You’ve really fallen for this girl, haven’t you, Artie?”
“Yes!” 
“Was she your first?”
“No! Of course not! And what does that have to do with anything?”
“I mean, was she your first where it was good. Many a man has made a bad decision because of a little good lovin’. Remember that.”
Artie rolled his eyes and looked away, but was unable to hide the smile on his face. “Virginia, please come and talk to her. I promise you, she’s good at what she does.”
They walked out of the den arm-in-arm and into the foyer where Trudy waited on the velvet settee. She stood up as they entered, immediately meeting Virginia’s gaze with her own, and then asking, “Did you tell him?”
“Virginia was confused momentarily but quickly realized what the young girl was referring to. She raised a hand to her mouth and couldn’t speak.
“Tell me what?” Artie asked. “What did I just miss?”
“She’s dying, Artie,” Trudy said calmly. “It’s one of the reasons she’s decided to help you now. She doesn’t want your gift to be wasted or for you to be stuck here in the Foundry forever.

Forever

The bright burst of light hurt his eyes, but as Arthur raised his arm to shield them, everything went black. He was in what felt like a dark soup, a dense, moonless fog with weak discharges of lightening off in the distance. That’s when he realized he wasn’t hurting anymore. The injuries he’d suffered seemed to be gone.
“Artie, my boy, welcome!” The voice of Joseph Martin rang out of the darkness. “Welcome to the spirit world.”
“Joe? Am I dead?” Arthur asked, confused and immediately more afraid than he could ever remember being.
“Only on the other side, Artie. Here your spirit, what seems to be the essence of us all, is still kicking.” Joe let out a sickening, moist laugh that Arthur did not find funny at all.
“Where are you, Joe? And where is everyone else? I thought you said this side is full of spirits. You made it sound like they would be walking over-top each other.”
“They usually are, Artie my boy, but they always know when to stay out of my way. They know not to interfere when there’s work to be done. You see those dull flickers off in the distance?”
Arthur noticed the flashes were more frequent, although no closer. “Is that all we are now? Just weak flashes of light?”
“Not at all!” Joe shouted as he appeared before Arthur in a greenish glow of light. “This is what I look like now.”
Arthur took a step backwards, finding it hard to believe the naked creature before him was Lil’ Joe Martin, the same person who had first made him aware of his unique hearing ability. The once scrawny, minuscule man had grown to well over seven feet tall with arms hanging grotesquely below his knees. Joe’s once anorexic, hump-backed frame was bloated and covered with seeping pustules. His distorted face had lost its sunken thin cheeks, and had been replaced with blubbery, low hanging jowls.
“What happened to you?”
“Did you know that, in life, I’d never laid with a woman I didn’t pay for? Not in my sixty-two Earthbound years did I ever have a woman want to love me for me.”
“Joe! What are you talking about? What does that have to do with what you look like?” Arthur touched his own face and looked down at his body. He still appeared to be human, although much of his physique was covered in the swirling dark mist.
Suddenly, Arthur’s world went black; it only lasted a second, and afterwards, he realized he was covered with a vomit-like brown slime. Trudy Valmore, also covered in a layer of the brown goo, stood next to him.
“Do it again, Artie!” she shouted. “Jump in his mouth!”
“What? I didn’t jump in his mouth! Where did you come from?”
“He just tried to eat you. You have to go back; your parents are in there!”
“Shut up, Bitch!” Joseph Martin shouted as he struck out with an elongated arm, sending Trudy careening into the fog. “I’ll be back to get you later.”
“Artie! This is why I left. You’re the only one who can stop him!”
“Joe? What’s going on?” Arthur took several steps backwards as Joseph Martin slowly began to circle him. Again, Arthur’s world went black, but only for a second. This time, his father was standing at his side. Joseph Martin stood doubled over, holding his bloated belly, howling and grimacing in pain.
“I grabbed a chunk of his ass, Artie!” James Wilson said, raising a clenched fist filled with a fluorescent, maggot-covered mass. “Your mother. Get your mother!”
The mention of his mother spurred Arthur to move. Her love had set him on this path. Now, he slowly walked towards his mentor.
“Let her go, Joe! Let my mother go!”
“You just try to come and get her, my boy. You just try it!”
Arthur wasn’t sure what to do, so he simply lunged toward the grotesque man’s mouth. He couldn’t see, but he felt several people grabbing at his body. He was being pulled at by many fingers, but not until he felt his mother place her soft hand in his own did he try to leave.
As the last person he’d eaten was pulled from his body, Joseph Martin shook and thrashed in the mist, returning to his original, minuscule state. He was surrounded by Bertram Coulter, Virginia Shakespeare, and a dozen other souls he’d devoured since entering the spirit world.
“You can’t let him get away,” Trudy said, back at his side. “He’ll only grow strong again if you let him stay. You’re the only one with the kind of powers he has; you’re the only one who can eat him. Artie, the spirits here have been waiting on you. You’re our savior…”

Today

Amelia Coulter poured two cups of coffee and called her husband to breakfast. The servant’s house had been their home for almost a year, and although the repairs to the main house were all but finished, neither she nor Thompson were in any hurry to return to the other side of the mansion. Although they were both well into their 80s, they enjoyed each other as if life had just begun. The days went on, and so did their love.

THE END

THE MINIONS OF APOLLYON 
By Don Everett Smith Jr. 

The sky was blue; the sun was bright. The forest was alive with vibrant shades of green backdropped by an assortment of tans and browns. The scent of pine and maple trees drifted in the air. The wildflowers were open, and their colors of reds, pinks, and yellows hummed with glee as they celebrated a new day to be alive.
In front of us, squirrels of gray fur raced across the path and up the nearby loblollies, and at least three chipmunks crawled on top of rocks to observe their world.
Nature said, “Enjoy! This is for you!”
But I could give a shit.
“Hey, cranky ass!” Clair called as she danced down the trail in front of me and inhaled. “This is great!
“Ehh…” I grunted.
She turned, stood still, and crossed her arms. “Yes, Mister Rod-Up-Your-Backside?”
I looked down at my phone to avoid her gaze, but she stood there, her eyes glowing greener in the light. Her skin was pale, and her long dark blond hair was tied in a braid that fell down her back. She wore a bright red hooded sweatshirt, navy cargo shorts, and hiking boots. A red knapsack hung from on her back.
“Why the fuck are you so cheerful?” I asked, venom dripping from my question.
She rolled her eyes and hung her head. “We’re really gonna do this now?” she asked as her tone shifted.
“Yes!” I said loudly, and the three chipmunks dove behind a rock. “The doctor didn’t say ‘24-hour breast cancer,’ did he?”
Her face dropped a little and she gently touched the left side of her shirt, feeling the bump and wincing.
“The same fuckin’ shit that took my mom!” I blustered. I turned my back and dropped my ass down onto the rock where the three chipmunks were. As I did so, I pushed the memories of mom’s final days out of my head.
We were quiet for several moments.
I heard her boots lightly step on the ground behind me, where she gently gripped my shoulder. “I know,” she said quietly. “And I know you prayed and prayed and prayed for her to get better. But she didn’t.”
I said nothing.
“And I know that’s when you lost your faith,” she said.
I continued to keep quiet.
“It’s okay, sweetie.” She leaned forward and kissed my cheek. “I’ll just keep my faith, hope, and love for the both of us.”
“How do you have faith?” I asked with a dirty look.
She gave it right back to me with a smirk. “There are just things in this world bigger than you and me, Horatio.” Clair stood up. “And we are hiking our way to an abandoned church. It’s a little ironic, dontchathink?” She then burbled that old 1990s song. “A littttttttllllleeee toooo ironic.”
Clair’s impersonations were spot on and always made me laugh.
“C’mon, get up! Or I sing like Cher,” she laughed.
“Good God, no!” I said. She took my hand, pulled me up, and we continued our hike.
We hiked in the forests of Green County, Pennsylvania, which is located in the heart of the state and crossed by two mountain ranges. In the middle of this forest is the forgotten cobblestone Saint Paul’s Church from a long-abandoned ghost town. The only thing left inside was an unusual statue of Christ on the Cross at the front of the sanctuary, and we were off to see it.
We walked for another half hour or so before we turned down at a bend in the trail. Clair suddenly stopped.
“What’s wrong?” I asked.
“It’s another one of those weird holes again,” she said, pointing through the foliage. Clair had been a hiker most of her life, and she could identify abandoned dens, animal tracks, plants, and the like. At least twice before, she had seen these unusual holes. They were bigger than the average groundhog opening, but they had a crater-like quality to the lip.
“Still no idea what they are?”
“No,” she said. “But get this… last night, I was online watching one of those Tribulation/Book of Revelation/Conspiracy Theory videos. Apparently, other people are seeing these things in different parts of the world, and they always pop up near abandoned churches.”
“Why were you watching that?” I asked as I stepped over a fallen log.
She stopped. “I wanted to see what I could find about the afterlife.”
I sighed. “So, did anything come out of these openings?” I asked to change the subject.
“Yeah,” she said, becoming more animated. “People think they’re full of those weird super-demon-locust things that were mentioned in Revelation 9.”
“Revelation 9?” I asked.
She pulled out her cell phone and began to scroll.
“Here it is,” she said, and began to read out loud. “’The locusts were like unto horses prepared unto battle; and on their heads were as it were crowns like gold, and their faces were as the faces of men. And they had hair as the hair of women, and their teeth were as the teeth of lions. And they had breastplates, as it were breastplates of iron; and the sound of their wings was as the sound of chariots of many horses running to battle. And they had tails like unto scorpions, and there were stings in their tails: and their power was to hurt men five months.’”
I shuddered at this.
“Good God,” I mumbled. “People will believe anyth—” Before I could finish, my foot caught a rock, and I tripped.
She quickly caught me and pivoted her weight to break the fall.
“Shit!” I shouted.
“You okay, sweetie?” she asked.
“Yeah,” I said as I regained my balance and leaned up against her. “Why do you think they’d be showing up now?”
“Well, one religious scholar said, ‘Humanity has reached its end and that the Almighty has had enough of our evil!’,” she said. “A pastor thinks these are just Satanically-controlled insects.”
I just shrugged it all off and took in the air for a moment. 
“C’mon, sweetie,” I said. “Let’s keep moving.”
She nodded and led the way.
For the next few minutes, things were quiet. Clair’s head pivoted in all directions as she took everything in. I was contemplating what she had said when I noticed that the birds ceased chirping, the squirrels went missing, a deer kept its distance, and several snakes slithered across the path.
“What the hell?” I muttered.
A simple noise began. I had heard it for the last two minutes but until the moment, ignored it.
Through the quiet, Clair screamed. “Run!”
I looked to where she pointed, and all I could see was a dark mass.
“To the church! It's the only way!" she screamed.
A noise like a million buzzsaws came from the gray swarm. In my periphery, something broke off from the cloud and dove at me like a kamikaze fighter. It was about the size of a large pair of scissors, staring at me with lidded eyes and a look of contemptuous, vicious glee. It opened its mouth, showing two rows of piranha-like teeth. Its metallic silver body sprouted two huge, teardrop-shaped wings, twice the size of its insectoid body. Its tail was the same metallic sheen but segmented like a scorpion's stinger, and it was pointed at me.
I looked at it, and it looked at me. "Oh, God!" I shouted.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! was all I heard as it screamed like a berserker to battle.
"Shit!" I shouted.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! It came right at my face, but a WHACK! Sent me stumbling. Clair stood next to me holding a branch like a baseball bat. With a cry, she had smashed the beast to the ground. Before it could make another noise, her hiker’s boot came down on top of it with a sickening crunch. Her foot rose again, and I could see the creature contort and gyrate as it tried to get it up. Then it looked at both of us with indignation in its eyes before screaming as she smashed the life out of it with another crunch!
“Thank you,” I said, noticing that her hair had come untwisted from her braid. She flung the branch to the ground.
"Move! There's about a thousand of those things coming after us," she said as the sound of insect wings thundered in feet away. “And I can’t take this noise!" She grabbed my hands and pulled me out of my stunned reverie. We ran until we saw the church. I was startled to see that the building was surrounded by several panicked deer and other frightened animals.
"What the hell is this?"
"I think everyone—and everything—is spooked," Clair answered, dragging me forward. As we got closer to the church, the animals gave us a wide berth, stepping back so we could open the big, wooden doors. Saint Paul’s was made of gray cobblestone brick and with a smaller building attached at the back. The bigger of the two housed the sanctuary while the smaller one served as the vestibule.
"Inside!" Clair shouted. "Inside!"
The wooden doors were at least eight feet high and made of a heavy oak. We managed to pull them open with great effort, and once we did, every creature that had crowded outside ran in. Clair yelped when a black bear bounded inside behind her.
Suddenly, the buzzing intensified, and we worked to push the doors closed. As we heaved the heavy wooden portals, I saw an eight-point buck come into the clearing. Above him was the monstrous swarm, and the buzzing became a first responder’s siren.
At least 50 of the locusts—as I had started to think of them—flew down, stabbing and biting into the majestic animal. My heart broke as the cries of the poor creature reached my ears. Its baleful hopelessness echoed over the clearing and throughout the sanctuary. The rest of the cloud descended upon the deer, each of the insects snaking over each other to sink its teeth into the animal’s flesh.
A moment later, the cloud dissipated, and all that was left was a flayed skeleton that dripped with blood and flaps of muscle.
With a hiss, another pack of locusts broke off from the cloud and came streaming towards us.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
"Goddammit!" I screamed.
Clair and I slammed both doors home, dragging a nearby pew over to slam it under the door handles, bracing the doors in place.
“This should hold,” I said as I pushed up against it. Without warning, the doors rocked back against the long wooden bench. I screamed. The buzzing was louder, and it sounded like an automatic rifle was shot into the oak doors.
"Godammit is right," Clair said. She stepped back into the main sanctuary as I watched the doors rock. “Jesus!”
It was then that I turned and actually saw… Jesus.
In the center of the sanctuary was the crucified form of Jesus Christ stretched on a cross. His knees touched while his feet were nailed to a triangular wedge block with an iron spike. Other iron nails were pushed through His palms while a faded, white loin cloth was wrapped around his waist. His beard and hair were a muddy brown, as was the halo of tangled barbs and thorns rammed into his skull. His skin was alabaster white with streaks of blood dripping his face, and His extremities were bright red. Jesus's head was tilted to the right, and his mouth was contorted in sadness. The depiction was of God’s son, moments after he shouted, "My God! Why have you abandoned me?"
At that moment, all those Sunday School lessons came back to me. "I know how you feel," I said quietly. Clair touched my arm.
“At least the roof seems to be intact,” she said, looking up.
I glanced at the ceiling and saw no holes. When I scanned the sanctuary, I saw a pile of pews stacked in a corner. The floor was a chess board of black and white tiles with Bibles, prayer books, and hymnals strewn around. Dankness and mildew permeated throughout the room, mingling with the odor of animal musk and urine from the huddled wildlife. In one corner, deer and rabbits nestled together as rats, squirrels, and mice all scurried around. The black bear kept to himself.
“How in the world are we gonna get out of this?” I asked.
Clair shrugged, staring up at the icon of Christ.
I bent over, righted a pew, and sat down on it. The light began to fade as the swarm of locusts contorted and squirmed and buzzed outside.

We sat there while Clair held my hand. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw she touched her shirt where the tumor throbbed. The beasts seemed to keep to their own council. Ears turned, noses sniffed the air, and tails twitched nervously. The bear quietly growled at anything that ventured too close.
“What do we do?”
“For the life of me, I have no idea.”
So, we just sat there. I looked up at one of the stained-glass windows, one that gave off a purple glow from the predominant blues swirled with reds, silvers, and even touches of yellow and greens.
I laughed. “I heard that purple is the sign of madness,” I said.
“This is the epitome of madness,” she said. She pulled her hair back into a ponytail.

For another half hour, we sat in the church building while the locusts hummed outside. Suddenly, the calm was interrupted when the bear growled. The musk and urine odor began to clog the air in the church as all the creatures inside grew more nervous. This was followed by as sharp, bone-splintering crack as a six-point buck decided it was the right time to square off with a younger four-pointer.
“Oh no!” Clair whispered.
My chest tightened as the six-pointer scraped a hoof across the tiled floor. It pointed its head at the other deer and launched itself like a ram. The younger male hopped to the side and then up the pile of pews in the corner.
“No!” I shouted as I ran.
The crash echoed through the hall. Mice and rats scattered while squirrels and groundhogs dove under debris. One of the heavier, sharper shards shot into the air and smashed into one of the beautiful stained-glass windows, one that depicted the crumbling of the walls of Jericho. A thin crack appeared. Then another. And still another. Then, with a teeth-chattering splinter, the window exploded in all directions.
“Oh, God!” Clair screamed and all the animals froze in fear. Even the four-pointer that was now laying on its back craned its neck.
For a heartbeat, it was quiet.
For another heartbeat, it was still quiet.
I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. Clair looked at me with half a smile.
I hope we made it… was all I thought when, like a light rain drizzle to a full-on hurricane, the sound of the locusts stormed in.
ReeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
They streamed in like a spear, collecting in a cloud that undulated into a humanoid form. What could be considered this form’s hand reached for me.
“No!” Clair shouted and pushed me out of the way.
The church was filled with the screams of animals as the locusts began to devour everything. The tortured cries ripped my mind apart, and I screamed along with them. I watched as a tendril of the beasts clustered down Clair’s throat. “No!”
Her cheeks puffed out as if she held her breath. Suddenly, blood began drizzling from her eyes and nose, and she fell to her knees. Her arms stretched in a pose that mirrored God’s crucified Son. Her arms expanded like a slowly filling balloon, and her abdomen swollen to bursting. I knew what was about to happen, and I wished I had been brave enough to watch until the end, but instead, I turned my head and waited for the worst.
It all ended with a wet plop! What remained of my beautiful Clair slapped the floor in several sickening and moist thuds. Her blood sprayed the pews and several rodents seeking escape.
As I tried to understand the horror, I heard laughter and saw the locusts giggling with glee. I fell to the ground and a pool of Clair’s blood flowed around me. I looked up to the statue of Christ.
“Please!” I cried. “Please!” I said this again and again as several mouths of sharpened teeth sank into my leg and arm. “Save me!”
My pleas bounced from one end of the sanctuary to the other, followed by the sound of the insects’ laughter. One small cluster of the creatures huddled together, smiling with derision as they looked right at me.
I grabbed the first thing I could find—a hymnal—and slapped away the ones attached to my leg. I then flung it at the group like a shot put. The locusts flew out of the book’s way while three of the more vicious ones dove right at me, striking me in the chest. I heard three distinct pops, and my chest exploded with pain.
“My ribs,” I said with a choked sob.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
I fell backwards onto the floor and screamed as the buzz reached a whine like a violin played at its highest register.
One of the locusts descended at me with increasing speed. All I saw was the point of its tail, and I quickly pulled my hand over my eyes before my other leg was pierced like a nail.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! The hellish creatures buzzed in victory.
I was sobbing and writhing in a wet pile of something that used to be Clair. I looked at the statue of the crucified Christ. Its deep brown eyes seemed to look at me.
“Help me!” I gurgled as every nerve ending in my body burned with fire. But one thought took hold in me. Weren’t His eyes closed? I looked up at the statue and watched as the image of Christ blinked. What the hell?
He closed his eyes one final time. A stillness filled the air.
Nothing happened. More nothing. Still more nothing. And still more nothing.
Then, something did.
On the top of the head of Christ, where a dagger-like thorn was dug into His scalp, a single, red drop of something liquid slithered down His face. It left a reddish-brown trail and landed in the statue’s eye.
One of the creatures saw this and cocked its head. It then hovered closer to the face of Jesus. The creature flew up around and rested its body on top of the crown of thorns. It leaned down and touched a small leathery tongue to the red drop. Immediately, it gasped and buzzed like an out-of-control chainsaw. It somersaulted through the air and crashed into a small flock of its kind.
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE! REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!
A small troop of the demonic beasts were angry to have been disturbed, diving after their brother with the sound of an army of vicious hornets trapped in a metal drum. The rest of the hellish insects flew into the center melee and joined in the fight. The room began to cloud under the din of an angry, reverberating hum, when suddenly, a ripping sound came from the melee. A putrid, rotten odor filled the air. The trail mix I had munched on earlier wretched up out of me in thick clumps.
“Oh, God!” I shouted.
As the cacophony of buzzing and ripping climaxed around the room, drops of red fell on the undigested mounds of trail mix. I watched heavier dollops of the viscous liquid hit the floor around the other parts of the sanctuary. Before I knew it, everything was covered in red as the odor of putrificiation and bile mixed with a strong, metallic smell. Several drops hit my chest, and the burning I had felt became calm and warm. Several more splatters of what could only be the blood landed on my leg and arm where I had been bitten. More warmth crept up my legs, my chest, and my arms.
“Oh, sweet Jesus!” I blurted and looked at my hands and legs that were covered in the blood.
Had the blood of the locusts healed me? No!
“Not the blood of the locusts,” I said out loud. “A single drop of blood from the statue…”
I turned toward what remained of Clair. Her body was spread over a 10-meter radius. Her bones were picked clean, and I could see the remains of her face and her long blonde ponytail about five meters from the rest of her. But then, something else caught my attention…
The cloud was smaller. 
One of the locusts was dripping blood from an open head wound and flew in an uneven pattern. It looked at me, and I looked at it. As the blood continued to drip, the beast shrunk, eventually disappearing like puss from a pimple. The cloud continued to shrink. I watched as it disappeared.
As the cloud vanished, I saw a painting I had not noticed before. It was of an open Bible with the two verses from the 37th chapter of Ezekiel written with a flourish:

“Thus saith the Lord God unto these bones, Behold, I will cause breath to enter into you, and ye shall live: And I will lay sinews upon you, and will bring up flesh upon you, and cover you with skin, and put breath in you, and ye shall live; and ye shall know I am the Lord.”

I stood up in front of the icon.
“Since You killed those things, can You do that?” I asked as I pointed to the image.
“Do what?” I heard from behind me. I spun around and looked. “Oh, my God!”
Clair stood there… complete. Her hair was back in its ponytail, and her eyes were wide open. Her red shirt was brand new and her mud-covered boots were out-of-the-box clean.
I ran to her and kissed her.
“H-how…” was all I could say.
“I don’t know what happened,” she said. “I felt like I was being torn apart and... I saw a bright light, and the next thing I knew, I was here! And…” She reached for that spot on her breast and touched it. Her eyes widened. “It’s gone!” she said breathlessly.
I kissed her forehead and cheeks and her mouth.
“Oh, God,” I said as the sob exploded from me.
She embraced me for a long moment.
“Hey,” she said and pulled back. “Where did the animals go?”
The room was empty, still covered in scattered Bibles and hymnals and messed up pews, but the animal remains were gone.
“What happened?” she asked.
“I don’t know. Maybe we should ask Him,” I said, nodding to the statue.
“Who?”
“Him,” I smirked. “Who else would we…” I turned and saw the Cross behind me. It was empty, dusty and brown without a mark where nails or a figure would have been. “Holy sh— “
“Don’t,” Clair interrupted, and she placed a hand over my mouth. “Just don’t. Let’s not say something like that here.”
I agreed, taking her hand. “C’mon.”

As we hiked back up the trail, she asked me if we should tell people about what happened, and I shrugged.
“I don’t know if anyone would believe us,” I said.
“I say you write it down,” she said.
“I guess,” I said, not convinced.
She stopped and looked at me. “Everyone needs a good story,” she said. “Especially one that can brighten up their day. Especially one that can push back against the fear in their lives.”
“And is this that story?” I asked.
She nodded.
“Yeah,” she said. “I...was gone...and then I came back.”
“Yeah, you did,” I said. As we walked away, I saw that the sky still had some blue in it, and I couldn’t help but smile.
THE CHAMBER
By Kimberly Wolkens

All the local high school kids knew what The Chamber was, but not all of them were brave enough to go there. Mattie was one of the few kids who actually liked visiting the place. Unlike other classmates who visited The Chamber, he wasn’t there to knock out second-story windows with stones or to party behind the building without getting caught. Mattie just wanted to hear the screams of tortured souls.
Just like every other landmark in any other town lucky enough to be christened with an urban legend, The Chamber had no shortage of folklore tied to it. The building itself was a small, abandoned factory on a side road jutting off the main drag in town. The place provided jobs for a fair number of adults over nearly fifty years before they went belly-up in 2010, and had been for sale since the company folded; nobody wanted it. If you asked any adult in town, they’d surmise that nobody bought the building because it was poorly built and would cost too much to modernize.
But if you asked any kid about The Chamber, you would get a myriad of reasons why the abandoned factory had been idle for an entire decade. The most popular rumor was that it housed secret torture chambers where troublesome teens and enemies of the City Council were sent for punishment in the dead of night. A supposed secret society carried out these punishments and were particularly good at not getting caught. The story goes that the tortured bodies were hacked into pieces small enough to be pushed through a grated floor in a back room. Beneath the floor was a large vat full of sulfuric acid that dissolved the corpses. And even though the torture tools had been removed and the vat emptied of human sludge, anyone who sets foot in the building would be overcome by constant, lingering screams from the dead victims.
This haunting rumor fascinated Mattie. He had been nearly obsessed with it ever since he was ten, when an older boy on the school bus decided to tell him and his younger brother a scary story.
“...and now, anytime someone is stupid enough to set foot into the factory -- day or night -- the screams of all the victims’ ghosts are so loud that the person can’t hear or see anything. The last person to go in there alone stumbled into the empty vat, broke his neck, and died,” the older bully said ominously as he finished the terrible tale.  He worked hard to suppress a snicker as he watched Mattie and his brother nearly shit themselves in fright.
After the bully turned away from the younger kids, Mattie’s little brother started to cry softly into his own puffy jacket. Mattie put a reassuring hand on his brother’s arm. The little guy looked up at him and whispered, “Do you think Daddy went to The Chamber?”
Mattie wasn’t really the same after that thought crossed his mind.

***

When Mattie was in kindergarten, his mom and dad had begun a nightly routine of screaming matches. He would retreat with his then 3-year old brother into the closet of their shared room with a flashlight and a book. Mattie would read the best he could, making up words when he couldn’t sound them out, and speaking loud enough to distract them both from the bellows coming from the other side of the house. He never fully understood what they argued about, but they often argued about his dad’s new job its emergency calls in the middle of the night.
It didn’t take long to become typical for their father to spend a night away from home after a fight. But soon, one night turned into a week, and weeks into months.
After hearing about The Chamber years later, Mattie feared his father had pissed off someone in town so badly that he had actually been kidnapped. Maybe he didn’t run away from his family. What if he had been tortured, killed, and then eaten away by acid?
Knowing what happened to his father mattered more to Mattie than nearly everything else.

***

Too scared to break into the building, Mattie sat across the street from The Chamber most afternoons. It had been years since hearing that scary urban legend. It’s been even longer since he’d seen his father. Mattie had researched the factory’s history on the Internet and local newspaper archives, but nothing gave credence to any rumor about the place. The fabled evil Secret Society was most likely a myth.
But even if all the rumors were false, Mattie still yearned to know what went on behind those closed doors. If there were ghosts in the building, he wanted to know if his father was one of them. But no matter how hard he tried to mentally coax the spirit world to speak to him through those closed doors, he heard and felt nothing.
On one such day, Mattie was focusing so deeply on the building that nothing in the world existed except for himself and the factory. A big, meaty hand suddenly grabbed him firmly on the shoulder. The boy yelped in surprise and stood up so quickly that he nearly lost his balance and fell on his ass.  
A few laughs came from the group of kids who’d walked up behind him. He recognized all them - their school was small enough where everybody knew everybody - but he’d never hung out with them. Although embarrassed by his scaredy-cat reaction, he was at least thankful these kids fell into the “non-bully” category.
Mattie forced himself to laugh as well, to mask his embarrassment and maybe fit in a little.
“What the hell are you doing out here, man?” asked Dillon. The most outgoing person in the group, he was the leader of that day’s excursion.
“He’s almost always out here after school,” said Ginny matter-of-factly. She was the only girl in the group. Ginny was also the only Senior in the group, and she drove them all around and tried to reign in the boys if she thought their antics were getting out of hand.  
The other two, Ginny’s younger brothers, were a set of tenth grade twins. Everyone knew she was protective of her brothers, and it was easier to keep an eye on them if she let them hang out with her friends.
“Oh yeah? Doing what?” asked Dillon.  
Mattie looked down at his feet and fidgeted with his jacket. “Nothing, really,” was all he could come up with.
“Sounds lame,” remarked one of the twins. Mattie had never spent much time with them, so he wasn’t sure if it was Tyler or Alex who spoke.
“You’re lame,” Ginny shot back at her brother. “Don’t mind Alex. He’s at that age when boys think that saying big-dick stuff makes them sound cool.”
Alex stuck out his tongue at Ginny and flipped her off, making everyone laugh or smile, even Mattie.
“But seriously, though. I see you out here a bunch after school. What’s with this place?” Ginny asked, cocking her head toward the factory.
No one had ever asked Mattie about his fascination. He was painfully shy, so conversations with other people were usually awkward and dreadful. 
“My dad used to work here,” Mattie lied. Nostalgia seemed like a normal response. More normal, at least, than telling her that he thought the man had been tortured and murdered in The Chamber, and he sat out here hoping to hear his dad’s ghost speak to him.
“My dad worked here, too,” Dillon said, smiling at the commonality. “But once they laid everyone off, he found work at a plant in Grayling. Where did your dad go?”
Mattie knew that Dillon was asking where his dad found a job after supposedly losing his job at the factory, but all he could think about was that he didn’t really know where the guy went at all.
Or even if he was still alive.
Knowing he would struggle to keep a story straight if he continued to lie, Mattie told some of the truth.  “Well, um... I’m not sure actually. He split when I was five or six.”
“Well, that was lame,” said Tyler, the other twin.
“Yeah. Tell me about it,” Mattie said, trying unsuccessfully to hide the pain he felt whenever he thought about it.
Ginny picked up on this and gracefully stepped in to prevent a barrage of questions aimed at Mattie.
“Well, here’s a thought,” she said, putting her hands on her hips in big-sisterly fashion.  “Why don’t we take a look inside?”
“You can’t be serious,” Alex protested. “I’ll bet the second you set foot in there, one of the cops is gonna be making his rounds, and he’ll nab your ass. Mom and Dad are gonna kill you if you get caught.”
“And that’s probably the best scenario in all of this,” said Tyler. “Everyone knows that if you go in there, the ghosts inside will find some way to kill you.”
“I can’t believe you fall for these stupid urban legends,” Ginny said with a careless wave of her hand. “Ghosts aren’t real. And even if they were, they’re just a spirit, made up of a soul, or air, or... something. How can they kill a person who’s made of flesh and bone?”
“They make you go crazy until you kill yourself on purpose. Or they make you delirious, and you die in an accident. Like impale yourself on old factory equipment, or fall into the acid vat,” Tyler insisted. It was obvious he believed every word of what he was saying.
“You two are such pussies,” Ginny said. She grinned and shook her head in disbelief.
Mattie looked at Dillon, who was quiet throughout all of this. He was staring at Ginny as though she had two heads. Clearly, he didn’t think going inside was a good idea, either. When Ginny turned to Dillon, he shrugged his shoulders with a funny smile, as if to say there was no way in hell he’d go in there.
Then Ginny looked right at Mattie, piercing him with gorgeous green eyes. He had never really talked to Ginny before or had any classes with her, but he couldn’t help but feel a little flutter of attraction as he studied her face framed by strawberry-blond hair. And she seemed to be genuinely intrigued by Mattie without being put off by his habit of watching an idle building grow old.
Here was his chance at getting into that building to get closer to the ghosts that reside inside. If his father was not among them, could one of them at least tell Mattie where his dad was?
Surprising himself, Mattie smiled at Ginny and said, “Let’s go!”

***

It didn’t take much to break into the old building. Mattie and Ginny were not the first kids to enter the place, and probably would not be the last. While Alex, Tyler, and Dillon waited outside as lookouts, Mattie and Ginny gingerly opened the heavy front door to what had likely been a visitor lobby, littered with a couple of chairs covered in rust and mold, and a large wooden desk which had become warped over time. It was hard to see in this room since the large, glass windows had been boarded up after some kids smashed them out one night. The scuffling of their own feet and the muffled voices of the three kids outside were the only sounds.
“It’s like time just stopped in here,” whispered Ginny. Mattie jumped at her voice, which sounded so loud against the silence, and involuntarily sucked in a lungful of moldy, dusty air.  He ended up having a coughing fit until he nearly retched, fully embarrassing himself.
“I’m sorry for startling you!” Ginny said, chuckling.
Both of their heads shot toward a corner when they heard something scurrying in the dark.
“Looks like you woke up the ghosts,” Ginny said. Mattie turned to her in horror, but her wide smile told Mattie she was still skeptical of spirits.
The scurrying continued for a few seconds and then seemed to break up into separate clickings that ran towards them. Mattie tried not to panic.
Ginny wasn’t going to let anything stop her in her quest to explore this place. Frustrated by whatever was coming from the corner, she grabbed a small piece of debris from the floor and chucked it toward the sound. Seconds later, a large rat wobbled into sight.
Both Mattie and Ginny jumped in surprise. The rat was uninterested in its human visitors and didn’t venture too close. It let out a few innocent squeaks which were met by other soft squeals coming from somewhere in the dark.
Once it wandered out of sight, Mattie and Ginny exchanged a look. They walked slowly toward a heavy-looking door set with a large, square window. A fair amount of light shone out of the window and onto the dirty linoleum floor in front of it. Mattie assumed that it led to the plant floor whose second-story windows had not been boarded up.
Mattie turned the doorknob and gently pulled the door open. The rusty door hinges groaned in protest but didn’t put up too much of a fight. Ginny walked in ahead of him, gazing all around.
“Watch your step!” Mattie cried out. Ginny looked down just as she tripped over an oddly shaped twist of steel. She landed harshly on her outstretched hands and wrists. Mattie rushed over and helped her up, sorry he hadn’t known to warn her sooner.
“Dammit!” Ginny cried out. “I hate being so clumsy.”
Mattie awkwardly pulled his hands out of hers as she stood up. The girl dusted herself off and smiled sheepishly at him, giving him that fluttery feeling again. The teen told himself that after they conquered with this expedition, he’d work up the courage to ask her out.
“This place is a mess,” Ginny said, tossing a look of disgust everywhere she looked.
Mattie couldn’t agree more. Old machinery that had been left in the building had either been chopped up for parts or scrap or had spray painted artwork or words all over them. Here and there were food wrappers or empty bottles. The place smelled mostly like cold, wet concrete with the faint remnants of stale cigarettes and piss. Random metal folding chairs and folding tables were strewn throughout the room. Paperwork and inventory sheets covered the floor, no doubt providing the rats an ample supply to shred up and add to their nests.
“It’s creepy, too,” Mattie added. He wandered toward the back of the room. He knew The Chamber was supposed to have old offices that contained electric chairs, floor-to-ceiling shackles, and spiked coffins. One of them was supposed to have the terrible acid vat. The outlines of four doors came into view as he neared the edge of where sunlight ended, and the darkness began. Involuntary shivers overtook him as he imagined the horrible death his father -- and other kids’ parents - might have endured many years ago. It took everything he had to keep his teeth from chattering loud enough for Ginny to hear.
The room he walked into had no windows, so it took Mattie’s eyes a few seconds to adjust to the darkness. To his surprise, there was nothing inside. Not even a scrap of paper. He was just about to open the second door when, without warning, all the remaining doors swung open so fiercely that the doorknobs slammed angrily into the walls behind them. Frigid, putrid air was sucked out of the rooms and toward the open plant, nearly knocking Mattie to the ground. He stumbled along with the wind, trying not to fall.
Ginny screamed in a true panic. She was stumbling toward Mattie, her hair whipping in the strong air current swirling behind her. They walked toward each other, dodging flying pieces of trash and debris as it spun into the center of the room. The two teens grabbed onto each other with one hand and tried to shield their faces from the dirt swirling in the air with the other.
Then, all the light left the room as though something had switched off the sun. Ginny started crying hysterically. Mattie tossed out empty words of comfort, trying not to sound as frightened as he was. The wind picked up even more. The screech of metal grinding against the concrete floor resonated from all corners of the room.
A chill raced down Mattie’s back as he realized that the wind was strong enough to pull furniture and industrial equipment into the cyclone forming in the middle of the room.
“Get down! Cover your head!” Mattie shouted at Ginny. They crouched down to make themselves as small as they could, covering their heads and necks like they were taught during tornado drills in school. The whoosh of metal chairs and small, metallic parts began as the wind gained momentum, lifting things off the floor from all around the room. The rats’ squeaks turned into squeals as they, too, were pulled into the air and crushed by heavier things.
After what seemed like forever, the wind stopped as suddenly as it had begun. Mattie and Ginny remained low to the ground, trembling. The only sound came from the settling of dirt and some pieces of paper as they landed lazily onto the floor.
Slowly, sunlight began to filter into the building. Soon, it was light enough to see the towering pileup in the center of the room. Everything in the shop was stacked haphazardly and held together by an unseen force. Chairs, tables, steel dies, and hunks of metal made up this odd statue that reached from the floor to the ceiling. The tower was eerily stationary; it didn’t lean or lose any of even the littlest pieces to gravity. There was no explanation for its existence.
Terrified by the paranormal activity, Mattie and Ginny glanced at each other and stood up slowly. Wordlessly, they headed hand-in-hand toward the front of the building to escape. They didn’t get too far before a figure walked out of the shadows and directly toward them. Stunned, Mattie and Ginny stopped and stared at the new stranger.
The man was semi-transparent and moved with silent footsteps. Thinning, gray hair and bifocal glasses put the man in his 60s, probably close to retirement age. He stared unblinkingly at the couple, slack-jawed and emotionless. Just before he reached them, he made a slow 90-degree turn and headed toward the pile of junk.
Intrigued, Mattie couldn’t help himself. He let go of Ginny and reached out to touch the ghost to see if it was real. His hand went right through the man’s shoulder. At the same time, a sharp, stinging pain radiated from his hand, through his am and into his chest, like an electric shock. Mattie gasped and tore his hand away from the apparition, cradling it to his chest until the pain subsided. The man didn’t seem to notice Mattie’s unsolicited touch. He kept slowly walking toward the pile of junk.
“Oh, my God, Mattie! Look!” Ginny waved a shaking hand around the room. Other ghostly figures were stepping out of the shadows from all over the place. There were about fifteen altogether. Most of them were men, but there were a few women in the group. They were all mesmerized by the heap in the center of the room, walking slowly toward it as though in a fugue.
When all the ghosts were within an arm’s reach of the tower, they stopped. None of them moved. Stunned, Mattie and Ginny also did not move. Within seconds, a low, eerie moan erupted out of the spectral group. The tone was monotone, but Mattie picked up a few different pitches woven together in a thrumming harmony that made him shiver. It was like they were all meditating with their own creepy Om sounds.
“We need to get the hell outta here,” Mattie said. Ginny turned toward him, her eyes wide, too terrified to reply. Together they turned back toward the door they’d entered earlier. After their first steps, Ginny let out a blood curdling scream. Mattie turned as Ginny fell face first onto the ground as if she’d been shoved. Then she was pulled by an invisible force, feet first, towards the ghosts and the tower. Wailing, she was scraped along the ground as she tried unsuccessfully to pin herself to find a handhold onto something—anything—with her arms and legs.
Mattie instinctively dove to the ground to grab Ginny, landing painfully on the concrete floor. He grabbed onto her arms and tried to brace himself on the floor to pull the girl toward him. The force was stronger pulling Ginny ever closer to the tower, with Mattie in tow.
Without slowing, Ginny knocked into the tower and was yanked up its side. Her screams became punctuated with choked sobs as the rusty corners, edges of furniture, and shredded her skin open and bruised her joints. Mattie tried to hold onto her even as he himself was dragged across the tortuous surface of the tower, but it didn’t take long for his body to reflexively release Ginny and recoil into a shocked heap at the bottom of the tower.
After a few pained gasps, Mattie dared to look up. His eyes followed the trail of blood and pieces of skin that decorated the malicious tower. Ginny had been pulled to the very top and had been flipped so that she was right side up. She was pinned flat to the heap of junk, unable to move her limbs but still able to draw enough breath to scream and cry.
“Ginny! Don’t worry, Ginny…I’ll get you down!” Mattie cried, unsure of what to do next. There was no way he could climb the tower and save her; there weren’t many places to grab that weren’t sharp or dangerous.
Mattie spun around, looking for anything he could do to save her. He was growing discouraged while facing this unknown supernatural force. His eyes settled on a second-story mezzanine that jutted out just past the row of offices on the back wall. If he could make it up there, he might be able to figure out how to get Ginny down.
Spying a gap, the boy dashed out of the circle of chanting ghosts. The moaning had grown louder and competed with Ginny’s cries. He ran toward the back of the room, looking frantically for the stairs that led to the mezzanine. It didn’t take long to find the rickety metal staircase pressed against the wall to Mattie’s right. He rushed over to it but paused at the bottom. The stairs were made of rusty, open grate panels that at one time were painted yellow.  The handrails were also rusty and covered with cobwebs, some of which swung with mummified insects. He placed one foot on the bottom step and was met with a creak of protest, barely audible above the commotion happening on the shop floor.
These stairs were not safe at all. Mattie had a feeling he would climb halfway up the stairs before they collapsed, crashing him to the ground and breaking his legs… or worse, killing him. But Ginny’s screams told him that there was no time to consider any “what ifs” if he was going to get them out of this haunted factory alive.
So, he took a deep breath and bounded up the stairs. He climbed as quickly as he dared so as not to trip, as though the faster he made it up, the less likely the stairs would fail.
It was dark in the mezzanine and the air was hot and damp, making it difficult to breathe. Mattie carefully made his way to the left toward the center of the construct and closer to Ginny. It wasn’t easy as he needed to step over piles of parts and in between pallets of boxes filled with old files. He didn’t know how sturdy the mezzanine floor was, so he half-expected with every step that his foot would crash through.
By the time Mattie maneuvered his way to the center of the mezzanine, Ginny’s cries were getting fainter. The growing pool of blood at the bottom of the pile meant that she had lost more fluids than Mattie had realized. He could only see the girl’s left arm and leg from where he stood, as she was mostly on the other side of the pillar. Approximately twenty feet separated the edge of the mezzanine and the tower. There was a large gap in the railing at the floor’s edge, large enough for a pallet or two to be lifted onto it by a forklift. Mattie assumed at one point there had been a safety gate, but that really wasn’t important anymore. He was still at a loss for how he was supposed to save Ginny. There just wasn’t an easy way to pull her to safety.
After a few seconds, a nauseating idea came to Mattie. He figured if he somehow got a running start, he could leap off the mezzanine and onto the tower. At best, he could grab onto it and reach Ginny to help her down; at worst, the tower would collapse, sending everything down to the ground. If they were lucky, they’d land at the top of the junk heap, and while probably sustaining injuries, they could still stumble out of the factory alive.
“I’m coming for you, Ginny!” Mattie yelled. She mewled back a weak response. The teen cleared a path for a running start. Some things were too heavy to move, and he’d need to run around them. He scurried as quickly as he could toward the back of the mezzanine. There was just enough light to keep him from running into anything.
A few seconds later, he’d reached the back of the mezzanine. He looked down over the edge, expecting to see the incriminating empty vat down below. There was nothing to prove that there had been torture chambers or a place to dissolve corpses… well, besides the ghosts. He’d only taken a few running steps when a ghost sidled out from behind a tall pallet of junk and stood in his path. Mattie stopped and stifled a scream. Weren’t all the ghosts supposed to be downstairs, worshiping their metal shrine with its bloody living adornment?
This ghost was of a short, thin woman. She had big eyeglasses, wore a 1980s power suit, and held one of her arms tenderly, as though it was broken. Her face was frozen in the same slack-jawed expression as the other spirits. It was like the one kids use when playing dead, after rolling out a slow, exaggerated, fake death scene.
Remembering what happened the last time he touched a ghost, Mattie decided against running through this apparition. He turned to his right to pick his way through the junk and circumvent her. Ginny was running out of time.
The ghost stepped toward Mattie, opened her mouth wider than humans are capable of, and shrieked. The sound was ear-splitting, and the boy paused mid-step to cover his ears. After a few seconds, she stopped shrieking, and Mattie looked at her with a mix of fear and frustration. He slowly lowered his hands.
The ghost began to speak without moving her mouth. Somehow, she formed words without moving her face. “We’re tired of being disturbed,” she croaked in a voice that obviously hadn’t been used in years. “We didn’t choose to die here. We didn’t choose to be stuck here. But we’re tired of seeing our place of rest desecrated by trespassers.”
Transfixed, Mattie stood motionlessly. Here was an answer! Here was the real urban legend! Would she know what happened to his dad?
“The CEO told our families and the newspapers that the accidents were our fault,” the woman cried .  “That we had been careless or made mistakes, and that’s why we died. He told my family I’d walked too close to the edge of this mezzanine while I was looking through old employee records. That I lost my balance and fell off the edge when the gate was down. But that’s a goddamn lie! He pushed me!”
“What? Who pushed you?”  Mattie asked.
“The same man who killed all the others. The CEO had a henchman who worked security. Never talked. No one knew anything about him. Which is why he was never seen and never caught.”
Mattie couldn’t tell whether she was telling the truth or not. How could one man get away with orchestrating so many deaths and convince investigators that they were all accidents?
Suddenly, a large crashing sound came from the shop floor. Ginny let out a garbled cry mixed between a cough and a scream, followed by more sounds of metal crashing against metal.
Mattie ran straight to the sound, running right through the ghost without thinking. A painful electric buzz coursed through his body, nearly sending him to his knees. He pushed through it and stumbled toward the front edge of the mezzanine, catching himself with the edge of the railing before nearly launching himself off the platform.
A sickening feeling started in Mattie’s gut and rose, threatening to make him puke. The pillar had utterly collapsed, which explained the loud crashing sound. Mattie frantically gazed over the jagged pile for Ginny, but there was no sign of her. No fingers, no leg, no hair…not even a glimpse of the shirt she’d been wearing. The ghosts and their creeping chants were gone.
A few seconds later, Mattie spied a pool of fresh blood collecting on the floor along one edge of the pile.
“Ginny!” Mattie screamed, hoping like hell to hear her voice in reply. But she said nothing.
Mattie turned toward the rickety staircase and screamed. The ghosts were now crowded around him on the mezzanine, blocking his way to the stairs.
Without moving their mouths, they all started talking at once, and it was impossible to know who said what. Phrases like, “You need to stop coming here!” and “People need to know the truth!” rose up from the crowd.
Panic threatened to overtake Mattie. He didn’t know what to think, say or do. He squeezed his eyes shut and hoped the right plan would come so that he could get out of this mess. Suddenly, his head snapped up.
“I just wanna know what happened to my dad!” Mattie cried, shaking fists clenched in rage. All the years of pent up anger and sadness at his dad’s disappearance bubbled to the surface and trumped his fear. “I wanna know if he died here, or if he’s out there, alive somewhere!”
The ghosts paused, surprised. To Mattie’s dismay, they started closing the circle around him, crying out again with the same types of pleas. Instinctively, the boy stepped backward to get himself out of reach. He scanned all the ghosts’ faces to see if any of them were the spirit of his father.
Just as he realized his father was not among the dead in this building, Mattie’s left foot overshot the edge of the mezzanine floor. His arms pinwheeled to regain balance, but he continued to fall backward. Everything seemed to happen in slow motion; the realization that he was falling; the physical struggle to regain balance; seeing his other foot come off the ground as his body began its downward plummet; the feeling of butterflies in his stomach.
The descent only lasted a few seconds. Mattie’s last thought before the back of his skull cracked open on the concrete floor was of his little brother that day on the bus, when they first learned about The Chamber.

***

“Stupid fucking kids,” grumbled the old man as he hobbled across the deserted parking lot in the middle of the night. The breaking-and-entering and the vandalism had never been a problem before. No harm would come of some teenagers getting drunk and screwing around in the abandoned factory. There was probably nothing that any kid could find in there that would implicate him or his boss in any of the workplace accidents in the building’s history. But the news of the recent deaths of two high school kids in the building made his boss uneasy. The press had become reinterested in the factory’s less-than-stellar safety track record.
The big boss had always been a high-strung prick, but he paid well, and they had a shared fascination with death. That’s why the old man stuck around and did his bidding even after the factory closed. He wanted to be sure that there was nothing accidentally left behind. They were getting too old to deal with this shit.
It still sucked that his boss called him in the middle of the night for this mission. This type of work led to a messy divorce, but made it easy to avoid his two sons, probably in high school by now. Only sometimes did faint memories of Mattie and Austin cross his mind. Personal relationships were only a liability in this line of work, and were best left alone.
The man continued toward the abandoned factory. He limped slowly, overburdened by the duffel bag he carried, full of Emulex. Part of him was still annoyed he was losing sleep because of his boss’s paranoia. But a bigger part of him looked forward to his forthcoming payment, and the chance to see the blood stains and chalk outlines on the floor before he blew everything up. 
It was time to add yet another urban legend to this place.

THE END
APOCALYPSE SALE
by Linda Zimmermann

It was intended to be a humorous marketing idea. “Save up to 50 per cent on end-of-the-world deals at the Moor-Cliff Complex’s First—and Last—Annual Apocalypse Sale.”
This massive edifice to consumerism in West Nyack, New York, had recently seen a sharp dip in revenues. As rumors of an unknown contagion spread throughout the Hudson Valley, fear gripped local residents, causing many to stay indoors. Normally, a weekend would find people fighting for parking spots, jamming the restaurants and movie theaters, and packing the stores from one end of the expansive mall to the other.
However, the local TV stations, newspapers, and social media had been showing gruesome crime scene photos of victims who had apparently been eaten by their assailants. They spoke of an infectious agent turning ordinary people into mindless killers and cannibals. Suddenly, the idea of shopping or grabbing a bite to eat in a place filled with potentially homicidal maniacs was not very appealing. A few hardy souls ignored the media reports and Twitter hysteria and were determined to literally shop until they dropped, but there were not enough of these foolhardy people to keep up the profit margins.
So was born the idea of the Apocalypse Sale, fully embracing American greed over common sense and public safety. Retailers didn’t need much convincing to offer deep discounts, and even joked that they would be better than the Black Friday sales—they would be the Black Death sales. Lured by two-for-one dinners and movie tickets, and half-price jeans and shoes, many tri-state residents decided to throw caution to the wind. After all, if you have to die, some reasoned, you might as well die shopping.
Tour companies even offered special buses from New York City, promising that the trip would be free if you spent a minimum of $150, and presented your receipts before the return trip. 
Unfortunately, not everyone would be returning.
This was the period of time when the first wave of zombies was about to step forth from the ranks of the infected. No one yet knew that people could be walking down the street, and suddenly, in the span of several heart beats, die and have their bodies taken over by the Zombie Infection Parasites, all without missing a step. And these ZIPs immediately started to give off special pheromones that somehow signaled other ZIPs that now was the time to kill their host, take control of their body, and start feeding. The world was sitting on billions of biological time bombs, and dozens were about to go off at the Palisades Center’s First—and most definitely their Last—Annual Apocalypse Sale.
Janine Hovencamp couldn’t wait to go shopping with her friends, Ella and Reggie. The three girls had been inseparable since kindergarten, and had recently graduated from Clarkstown High School North together. They were all going to different colleges—in Massachusetts, Virginia, and California—so they looked forward to every precious minute they had left, because they would soon be heading off to lead new lives. While they each promised to keep in constant contact, in their hearts they knew things would never be the same.
Gary Sanchez was not looking forward to going to the Moor-Cliff Complex on his first day off in weeks. He was an EMT, and this mysterious infection kept him on double shifts for more days than he could count. All he wanted to do was sleep, but his fiance's birthday was in a few days, and if he didn’t do right by her with at least one expensive piece of jewelry, it would cost him much more in the long run. In other words, if he didn’t open his wallet, her bedroom door would be closed for the duration of her pouting. It was a selfish trait he wished she didn’t possess, but he was so hopelessly in love with her, if she literally used him as a doormat he would still want to marry her.
One thing Gary would not tolerate, however, was the needless risk of infection in such a public place. His fiance complained bitterly about him wearing a surgical mask and gloves everywhere they went, but he had seen enough horrors on the job to know that whatever bug was infecting these people, he didn’t want to catch it. For those who thought he was an oddball, that was their problem. And he would be happy to tell them all “I told you so” as they were being carted away to an infection containment facility.
Peggy and David Millwood decided they would splurge and celebrate David’s recent retirement by going to one of the restaurants at the Moor-Cliff Complex, and then catching a movie. His retirement had not been voluntary from the telecommunications company for which he had worked for twenty-three years. And their current financial situation was not what they had hoped for at this point in their lives, as Peggy got laid off two years earlier and had been unable to find work. As a result, David had planned on working another five years before they took the plunge into a life of fixed income, but if they stuck to a budget they could still get by.
“Just as long as we don’t live very long,” David joked, as he tried to lighten the mood after he crunched their financial numbers.
It was a warm, sunny Saturday as cars and buses streamed into the parking lots. Sales were brisk, and the place took on a decidedly festive air as people who had been cooped up for weeks felt like they were on vacation or at a party. It wasn’t until early afternoon that the first sign of trouble appeared. A middle-aged woman had collapsed in one of the restrooms, and security had found her to be unresponsive. Not wanting to cause alarm, they carried her into one of the managers’ offices as they awaited the ambulance—which had agreed to keep off their siren as they drove up.
Before the EMTs arrived, the manager asked the security guards to check her pulse and see if she was breathing. Unfortunately for the guard who lowered his ear to her face, he was to receive the shock of his life—which would ultimately cause his death.
The woman, who had been a beloved elementary school teacher who never hurt a fly, slowly opened her jaw and clamped down firmly on the man’s ear. Shrieking in pain and trying to pull away from the zombie teacher, she clenched down even harder to keep hold of her prey. The other guard and the manager tried to pull him away from the woman, but as his ear started to tear away from his head, he screamed for them to stop, and “For god’s sake pepper spray her!” Guards at the shopping complex were not supposed to carry pepper spray, but everyone did for special emergencies, and so a short burst of the burning spray finally caused the woman to release his ear—or at least most of it, save the chunk she managed to scissor off and swallow.
The EMTs arrived upon a scene of utter confusion. Two grown men were pepper spraying a small woman and struggling to hold her down. She was growling in the most inhuman manner and had blood all over her lips. A third man knelt in the corner screaming and pressing both hands against his head to try to staunch the flow of blood, which had already formed a crimson puddle on the tan carpet. A lot of shouting and swearing ensued until the picture became clear, and then one of the EMTs had the presence of mind to use bandages and tape to seal the woman’s mouth and prevent her from biting—and thereby infecting—anyone else. It wasn’t exactly protocol, at least not at this point, but it did save their lives, for the moment.

***

As the zombified woman and the mutilated and infected man were taken away in separate ambulances—the latter going to Nyack Hospital, and the former to a secret drop-off point for transportation to a containment facility, Gary Sanchez pulled his SUV into the underground parking lot. He had to drive up and down the rows of cars for several minutes before he found a spot in the back corner on the right. He checked his phone for the fourth time to make sure he had the photos of the types of earrings, rings, necklaces, and bracelets his fiance liked. Almost as bad as getting her nothing, would be getting her something that wasn’t to her taste.
It was a sin he had previously committed and subsequently had to endure a solid six months of comments such as, “You never pay any attention to what I like and don’t like. How can you say you love me when you don’t even pay attention to me?” All of his friends told him to dump her, but he was firmly hooked to the end of her leash, and he knew it.
He got out of his SUV and stood for a moment rechecking the photos for the fifth time, when he noticed a minivan two spaces over in the next row. A man sat behind the wheel, there was a woman on the passenger side, and a few kids were on the second row seat. Of course, there wasn’t anything unusual about a family in a minivan at a shopping mall, but none of these people appeared to be moving. Were they simply sleeping, worn out from a day of shopping and were just taking a nap, or was it something else?
Gary’s instincts told him to steer clear of the vehicle and mind his own business. But his training urged him to make sure these people were okay. He hesitated another minute or so to make sure that no one was moving, and then cautiously approached the van, readjusting his surgical mask to better fit, and nervously tugging on first one rubber glove, and then the other.
The woman sat with her head rolled to the right and her mouth hung open in the most unattractive and unnerving fashion. The man’s head slumped forward, so that his chin rested on his chest. Gary couldn’t quite make out the positions of the children in the dim light, but there seemed to be a jumble of little arms and legs as if they had been roughhousing and had suddenly fallen asleep.
“Don’t be an idiot, Sanchez,” he said out loud. “Go tell a security guard and let them deal with it.”
He had almost convinced himself to go, until a spasm rocked the woman’s body, and then another, as if she was having a seizure. Springing to the passenger door, Gary found it unlocked and yanked it open. Pressing two fingers to her neck to check her pulse, he was horrified when her bloodshot eyes suddenly popped open and stared at him with the most intense look—a look of hunger.
The woman lunged for Gary, but as this new zombie was not quite used to her recent ZIP-controlled nervous system, she clumsily tumbled forward, face first. There was a sickening cracking sound as her cheekbone was crushed by the impact with the pavement, but it didn’t stop her from immediately clambering to her feet and stumbling forward toward Gary.
The commotion stirred the other occupants of the minivan, and the man and children started squirming and wriggling toward the open door. Crawling and clawing over one another, and tumbling into a heap onto the pavement, they were soon following the woman in pursuit of fresh meat.
Gary could have run back to his SUV and gotten the hell out of there, but he felt an obligation to warn the hundreds of people walking to and from their cars, and the countless others pulling into the parking lots with every passing minute.
“Run! Run for your lives, they’re infected!” he shouted to a family from Bergen County, New Jersey, who had just gotten out of their Lexus.
The family had read an article saying that the Apocalypse Sale promised to have lots of surprises, and the very believable actor with the surgical mask was a nice touch.
“Look, they hired people to be zombies,” the ten-year-old son said, as he pulled out his cell phone and ran toward the zombie family staggering their way, “but their makeup is pretty lame.”
Gary yelled for the boy to stop, but it was too late. The boy ran right up to the five hungry, undead monsters, turned his back to them, and made a mock look of horror as he snapped a selfie. The second photo captured the moment when the woman bent down and sunk her teeth into the soft flesh of his neck. Had the camera not dropped from his hand, other photos would have shown the man tearing at the boy’s face with his nicotine-stained teeth, and the three children chomping down on the boy's fingers and wrists.
His parents and sister initially watched in amusement, thinking this was all some sort of staged entertainment. But as the blood really looked genuine and their son’s shrieks didn’t sound like he was pretending, they all froze for a moment in the terror of realization that they were watching their son being murdered—eaten alive.
The parents then rushed headlong to try to save their boy, while his little sister screamed and ran in a blind panic right into the grille of an oncoming car. Her tiny body cartwheeled silently through the air as if in slow motion, but then hit the ground with a thud and the nauseating sounds of many snapping bones. At least her parents were spared the horror of that scene, as they were currently being fatally wounded trying to save their son.
Gary was still determined to do something to save other people. He ran right past the slaughter, slipping twice on blood and gore, and jumped into his SUV. Driving like a madman and sideswiping several cars, he spun his vehicle sideways across the entrance to the underground parking lot. Jumping out, he waved his arms and shouted at people to turn back, saying that there were infected people inside.
The occupants of several cars honked their horns and shouted angrily at Gary. One particularly irritated woman who had driven all the way from Walden, New York, got out of her car and rushed towards Gary in a complete fury. However, when she saw the blood and bits of flesh on Gary’s shoes, and heard the screams of the dying family echoing through the parking structure, she ran back to her car, slammed it into reverse and backed right into another vehicle. Then she pulled forward into the vehicle directly in front of her, and then backed into a third car in her hysteria to escape.

***

Janine and her friends were looking at nail polish when they heard a crashing sound from the adjacent store. It sounded as though someone knocked over a display case.
“Someone is going to lose his job,” Ella said, as her attention quickly refocused to the important matter at hand—Sunset Splendor or Crimson Passion. Both colors of nail polish were bolder than she usually wore, but she would soon be a college freshman and was ready to embrace all sorts of changes.
“Just get them both, or you’ll regret it,” Reggie said, having little interest in nail polish, or any type of makeup or jewelry for that matter. She was the athlete of the group—in fact, she was going to college on a lacrosse scholarship—and her idea of beauty was that healthy glow from wind sprints.
“Reggie is right,” Janine chimed in. “We will never hear the end of your complaining if you get the red and then think you should have gotten the pink.”
 “Excuse me,” Ella said with mock indignation, “but the choices are Sunset Splendor and Crimson”—
BANG!
Her words were cut short by another crashing sound from the adjacent store. This one rattled all of the bottles of nail polish, as well as the jewelry that hung against the wall. A second or two later, there was a blood-curdling scream and people within earshot started running in all directions.
Janine and her friends clutched at one another, unsure of what to do. They were going to run for the nearest exit, but the frantic cries for help from a child gave them the courage to move to the edge of the other store and peer inside. Items and display stands were scattered across the floor, and in the middle of the mess, a big, burly man was kneeling next to a prone woman who appeared to be unconscious. At first, the girls thought the man was trying to help, but as they inched forward to get a better view, they saw that he had the woman’s right leg in his hands, and was chewing on a piece of flesh he had just torn out of her thigh.
The woman’s four-year-old son stood just a few feet away, screaming for help. Initially paralyzed with fear, the sight of his mother’s blood made something snap inside of him, and he flung himself on the man’s back and pounded on his huge head with his tiny fists. The zombie—who had been making a delivery to the store when he collapsed and switched—grabbed the little boy like he was a rag doll, bit off two of the boy’s fingers from his left hand, and then tossed him ten feet through the air and into a wall. The boy fell motionless to the floor. The injuries of the impact were serious, but not fatal. However, at the base of the stumps of his two amputated fingers, zombie infection parasite eggs were already entering his bloodstream, and that would, in several weeks, kill him.
As scared as they were, the three girls had to do something. Janine ran for the little boy, while Ella and Reggie grabbed the woman by the ankles and tried to drag her out of the store. It was like trying to take dinner out from under the nose of an angry bear, and the zombie caught Ella by her wrist, while still having a hand on the woman’s leg, and started to pull all three of them further back into the store.
Reggie let go of the woman’s leg, but only so she could start kicking the man in the face and arms. Her years of playing soccer helped her land some vicious kicks, but although blood was now streaming from the man’s broken nose, he appeared unfazed by the repeated blows.
As Reggie and Ella struggled with the man, Janine carried the boy out of the store and yelled for a doctor and for someone to call 911. Most people in the vicinity of the store had scattered, but an elderly employee, who worked at a clothing store a few doors down, yelled to Janine to bring the boy into his store and he would phone for help. She rushed the bleeding and unconscious child into the clothing store and gently lowered him onto a display of colorful T-shirts, and then used one of the shirts to carefully wrap around the boy’s hand to try to stop the bleeding. The employee said he would lock the doors and they would all be safe until help arrived, but Janine told him she had to get back to her friends.
Not even having time to think, Janine raced back and stopped short in stunned horror. The delivery man had a partner who had become infected on the same day that he had seven weeks ago, and had similarly collapsed within minutes of his partner, but took a few minutes longer to switch. When he arose in the storeroom and staggered into the store, he found his partner chewing on one woman while hanging onto a second, and getting kicked by a third woman. The only thing this new zombie saw was fresh meat.
In the few minutes it had taken Janine to bring the boy to the other store and come back, the combined attack of the two delivery men had brought Reggie and Ella to the floor. Blood was spurting in ever-weakening arcs from Reggie’s neck, and she lay still except for the slightest involuntary shudder that coursed through her oxygen-starved body. Ella was only recognizable by her bright pink jeans, which were now splattered with crimson. Out of the tangle of limbs and torsos, she stuck out her mangled face, and with torn lips and her last breath, she screamed at Janine to run for her life.
Janine started to move forward, to at least try to help her friends, but as one of the delivery men clawed at Ella’s eyes and pulled her back down, Janine turned and started to run blindly, alternately shrieking and mumbling incoherently. As others heard her screams and saw her blood-smeared face, hands, and clothing, they, too, ran.

***

Peggy and David couldn’t agree on a restaurant, so they decided to see a movie first. It was one of those light romantic comedies with just enough sentimentality for her, and just enough partial nudity and sex for him. And as old as they were, and for as many years as they were together, they still held hands throughout the movie as they had done since their very first date. Retirement wasn’t going to be the yachts and exotic resorts of which they had always dreamed, but at least they had each other, and all the time in the world.
The screaming and panic inside the complex was unknown to the moviegoers at that moment. Even if the sounds of terror and violence had reached into the theaters, everyone would probably have assumed it was simply the soundtrack of a horror movie in the adjacent theater. It wasn’t until a waitress at one of the restaurants texted her friend at the theater concession stand, that she had heard from a guy who worked at Target, that there was a fight somewhere. People had apparently been hurt, and the restaurant was going to lock their doors until it could all be sorted out. The waitress urged her friend to inform management and consider going into lockdown as well.
As the theater manager called security trying to get more information, something happened in the theater showing the romantic comedy. Two thirty-something sisters, who had decided they needed a “Girls Day Out,” were sitting directly in front of Peggy and David. They had been quite chatty during the previews and even into the first minute or two of the movie, and Peggy thought she would have to shush them. But they finally did stop talking, and then they even stopped eating their popcorn and drinking their sodas. About 45 minutes into the movie, it appeared to Peggy as if they had actually fallen asleep!
How could any woman fall asleep in the middle of such a romantic film, with such a handsome leading man, Peggy thought?
About half an hour later, as the girl-meets-boy, girl-loses-boy, girl-meets-boy-again plot was coming to its inevitable one-knee proposal ending, one of the sisters jerked suddenly, as if startled out of a nightmare. Her sister then displayed the same jerking motion, and then they both started squirming in their seats in the most distracting manner. Unpleasant grunting and growling sounds were soon emanating from them and growing louder. This time, Peggy did shush them, but they paid no attention.
“If you two don’t quiet down and quit squirming I’ll call the manager,” Peggy said in a loud whisper, but still the two sisters writhed and moaned in the most ungodly fashion.
Irritated that her rare date out with her husband was being ruined, Peggy placed her hands on the women’s shoulders and leaned her head between them to give them a final warning.
“Will you please stop—”
Peggy’s words turned to sharp cries of pain as one sister sunk her teeth into the back of her neck, while the other managed to latch onto her eyebrow and eyelid. David couldn’t believe what he was seeing—were his eyes playing tricks on him in the dim light? But his wife’s cries of pain were real enough, and he sprang to his feet and tried to yank Peggy out of their grasp, but their teeth only sank in deeper.
“Help! Security! Somebody help us!” David shouted, now raining blows down on the heads and backs of the two sisters, to no effect.
Most people, not comprehending the nature of the attack, but seeing that some sort of a fight was in progress, stampeded for the exits. A few men came to help, but were momentarily frozen in disbelief, as it looked like two young women were biting an older woman in the head and face, and they couldn’t comprehend why this was happening.
Finally, the older woman’s agonizing shrieks of pain and terror made them jump to her defense, but tugging on the arms and legs of the rather heavy-set sisters got them nowhere fast. Two of the men then grabbed the sisters by their throats and began squeezing with increasing force, which should have made anyone cease and desist, especially as David continued to beat them about the head and shoulders.
One of the men finally succeeded in pulling one of the sisters to the floor, but she took half of Peggy’s upper left eyelid with her and eagerly slurped it down. Peggy fainted from the pain and shock and hung limply over the back of the seat as the other sister dug deeper into her neck until her canine teeth pierced an artery.
In the darkness and confusion of the fight in the cramped aisle between the rows of seats, the man with his hands around the throat of the seated sister didn’t see the one on the floor bringing her mouth to the back of his leg, right below the bottom of his shorts. She bit down hard into the soft flesh behind his knee and he howled and kicked, releasing his grip from the other sister’s throat.
At this point, the movie went dark and the house lights came on as two security guards rushed in, fully expecting a brawl between rival gangs, based on the near hysterical descriptions from fleeing patrons. Instead, they found a bloodied and unconscious older woman and four grown men beating on two large women. When it looked as though the guards were going to attack the men, David quickly blurted out that the women had attacked his wife and were killing her. He didn’t know that she was already dead, having quickly bled out from the punctured artery.
To add to the chaos, one of the managers ran into the theater shouting that the mall was swarming with infected and everyone should run for his life. The man who had been bitten in the back of the leg—now realizing he was doomed—viciously stomped on the zombie woman on the floor in bitter fury. His fourth stomp landed squarely on her face as her head rested on the hard floor, crushing her eye sockets and forehead, and driving sharp shards of bone into her brain. She shuddered a moment or two and then lay still.
Still enraged, he then locked his brawny arms around the seated sister’s neck and crushed and twisted until something snapped. The zombie didn’t die right away, but her jaw did go slack so that David could finally pull Peggy away.
“I’ve got her,” David shouted. “I’ve got her, thank you all! Now save yourselves.”
While everyone ran, David lifted his wife’s limp body and carried her out of the theater. Once out in the light, he could see the awful severity of her wounds—the exposed eyeball staring straight up, and the ugly gashes in her neck.
At least her neck has stopped bleeding, David thought, still not comprehending that the love of his life was gone.
Blind to the situation and oblivious to the pain of his muscles straining to carry his wife’s body, David staggered through the Moor-Cliff Complex as people ran screaming all around him, many of whom were wounded and bloody. 
“I’ll get you to the car, Sweetheart,” he whispered to her corpse. “Then we’ll be at Nyack Hospital in no time at all… No time at all. They’ll take good care of you, Sweetheart, and you’ll be as good as new.”
He dropped her while waiting for the elevator, and when the door opened he was so exhausted he had to pull her body inside and then sat on the floor next to her. When the doors opened again in the parking garage, he didn’t have the strength to lift her again, so ever so slowly he pushed and pulled her toward their car.

***

Janine didn’t even know how she made her way into the underground parking area. She had no recollection of where her car was parked, but knew that it was outside somewhere in the sunlight. 
Ahead of her was a man dragging a woman, and as Janine approached, he stopped and begged her to help.
“Please, please my wife,” he paused to take a few gasping breaths, “I must get her to the hospital. She’s been hurt. Please help us!”
The two of them were covered in blood, and one of the woman’s eyeballs appeared to be protruding from its socket, or so it looked as her eyelid had been torn away. But Janine took pity on the desperate man.
“What can I do?” she asked calmly, so calmly it even surprised her. Perhaps it was just shock, or perhaps with the horrors and loss she had already experienced, this was not high on the trauma scale.
“Please, take her feet and help me get her to the car.”
Janine grasped at the woman’s ankles and together they were able to lift her up. But they had not gone far before they heard a man shouting and saw him gesticulating wildly. He was wearing a surgical mask and gloves, and was running back and forth next to an SUV parked sideways in the entrance.
“No, stop! Don’t go back there!” Gary shouted, frantically waving for them to come to him, and not to go toward the ongoing carnage to his right. “They are infected! Run this way!”
“But my wife, she’s really hurt bad,” David yelled. “I must—“
“NO!” Janine shouted, stopping short, almost causing David to drop the body.
Even at this distance, Janine could see the blood-spattered white support columns, and the figures moving awkwardly and hunching down over what looked to be bodies.
“This way, hurry!” Gary yelled.
David was too confused and upset to understand, but Janine took charge and started leading them toward Gary. The movement and yelling attracted the attention of a solitary figure close by—a maintenance worker who had collapsed down one of the aisles several hours ago and had gone unnoticed. Until now. Rising up under the control of the zombie parasites, he had no conscious thoughts, per se, just an overwhelming desire to feed.
As the maintenance man had been young and otherwise healthy when he was infected, he moved with greater speed and agility than the average zombie, and went straight for the two people carrying the bloody corpse. They were all quickly converging on Gary and his SUV, but Janine and David were so focused on carrying Peggy they never saw the maintenance man coming. 
When the new zombie, with arms outstretched and jaws snapping, was just a few feet from Janine, Gary raced forward and struck him in the head with an emergency hammer (designed to break car windows and windshields in case accident victims were trapped). Putting all his strength into the blow, the pointed hammer easily shattered the maintenance worker’s skull. He fell hard, his jaw snapped once more, and then the crazed look vanished from his eyes and he actually looked peaceful—or as peaceful as one could look with a gaping hole in his skull, oozing blood and bits of brain.
Gary told Janine to open the rear passenger door of his vehicle, and then took Peggy’s body in his arms and rushed to place her on the seat. Searching for a pulse, he found none, but didn’t have the heart to tell David, who had already climbed into the back seat and was tenderly cradling his wife’s body, whispering comforting assurances. Gary promised to take them to Nyack Hospital, and he was equally anxious to leave the Moor-Cliff Complex now, as people were streaming out and the parking lots were scenes of pandemonium with everyone running for their lives and punching and pulling people out of their cars to get away faster.
Janine jumped in the front passenger seat and Gary locked all the doors. One couple actually threw themselves on the hood of his SUV in their frenzy to escape, but both were flung clear as Gary sped around tight turns and dodged vehicles and people as he raced for the exit. Everywhere, cars were colliding with one another—and with people—as their survival instincts quickly turned savage.

***

Sirens wailed in the distance as all of the ambulances and Zombie Action Patrol units had been dispatched from Rockland and Westchester counties. Local police and fire companies had also responded to the numerous, frantic 911 calls, but many of these first responders were blocked from entering the mall parking lots as cars were now pouring out of the exits as well as the entrances, creating a logjam of traffic.
Gary’s SUV threaded through the obstacle course and just managed to squeeze between a Mercedes and a BMW, while scraping the length of both, to get to freedom and the New York State Thruway heading east.
During the several minutes it took to drive to the emergency room entrance of Nyack Hospital, Gary and Janine were silent, listening to the pathetic words of hope and encouragement David still spoke to his dead wife. Not waiting for a gurney, David tenderly lifted his wife’s body and carried her into the emergency room. Only then did Gary speak.
“You okay? Were you bitten or scratched?”
“No, I… I’m not hurt. But my friends, they…” her voice trailed away and she returned to stunned silence.
“Look, I’m an EMT, and I’m going to stay here to see if I can help. There are going to be a lot of casualties coming in. Is there someone to call to come get you?”
It took a moment for his words to register, but then she mumbled something about wanting to help, too.
“Go home, you’ve been through enough,” he said as he was about to place a hand on her arm, but realized the rubber glove still had blood on it from the zombie he had killed. “On second thought, come inside and get cleaned up and disinfected first.”
Janine glanced down at all the blood, as images of Reggie, Ella, the little boy, and Peggy swirled in her overwhelmed mind. Like a robot, she entered the hospital where an infection specialist helped her remove her wet and sticky clothes, wash and disinfect her body, check for any signs of wounds, and conduct an interview about whose blood she had been covered in. Only after she received written permission to leave, did Janine call her parents and experience a tearful reunion.
Before driving off, however, she ran back into the hospital to thank Gary, who was surrounded by the suffering and dying, but he still took a moment to wish her luck and tell her to stay safe.
Gary worked through the night as ZAP team members hovered around the emergency room like vultures. Anyone who had been bitten or splattered with zombie blood on unprotected skin was immediately taken away after their wounds were bandaged. Gary saw the little boy with the amputated fingers and the man from the theater, who had been bitten in the back of the leg, being escorted to an unmarked van in the parking lot. He lost count at around 24 or 25 such cases. The dead bodies—other than Peggy’s—never made it to the hospital. They were bagged and immediately brought to a containment facility where they would be burned as soon as they were identified. Official statistics were never publicly released, but one local reporter claimed that a trusted source told her that a total of 32 zombies had been put down by the ZAP patrol, and 47 employees and customers had been killed.
What no one knew at that time, was that dozens of additional people had become infected that day from ZIP eggs spread from the zombies’ breath, sweat, and saliva. Anyone touching infected surfaces, or getting close enough to inhale a zombie’s exhalation, began to feel symptoms within a couple of weeks. And within a month, they unintentionally began infecting their families, friends, coworkers, and fellow commuters on the trains and buses. Like massive lines of dominoes standing on edge and waiting to fall, the infection spread exponentially and people began switching in droves, clearly tipping the scales in favor of the undead.
David never recovered from the terrible loss of his dear wife. Locking himself in his home, he stopped eating and preferred to leave this life on his own terms, rather than suffer the same hideous fate of his wife, or worse. He didn’t have the courage or will to use a gun or pills, and just quietly withered away and finally ceased to breathe. In the ensuing mass hysteria and anarchy, no one ever noticed that he was gone.
Janine never went away to college. Both of her parents and her older brother were taken away to containment facilities in the following weeks. She took her younger brother and sister to a neighbor’s house where a group of other survivors gathered. They boarded up the windows, eventually learned to fight and scavenge for supplies, and did whatever it took to try to live another day.
Gary devoted himself to caring for the wounded and infected until all the hospitals were abandoned. Even then, he gathered medical supplies and did what he could to help survivors in his home. He also had to learn the hard lesson of dealing with those hopeless cases who begged him to prevent them from switching to zombies. And he didn’t feel a thing when his fiance stormed out, claiming that he cared more for strangers than for her. In truth, he realized that she was right.
The Moor-Cliff Complex never recovered from the disastrous Apocalypse Sale. Within weeks, stores began closing their doors, and the entire place shut down soon after. When quarantine was over and society’s infrastructure collapsed, leaving everyone on their own, the place was overrun with looters. However, once all the food was taken from the restaurants, even the looters stopped coming.
Once in a while, packs of zombies found their way through the broken doors, and staggered through the dark expanse of the Palisades Center, much like dazed and exhausted patrons used to do after a long day of shopping. These zombies rarely were able to find their way back outside, so day by day, and month by month, one of the country’s largest shopping malls became filled with wandering corpses. 
The First and Last Annual Apocalypse Sale had led to wholesale slaughter, and it remained to be seen if the living would ever again enter this monument to death.
ABOUT THE AUTHORS

TRACY ALLEN 
Hiding out in the quiet corner of New England, Tracy Allen has been an avid horror fan for all of her life. She indulges in her petrifying passion in many ways, including writing, reading, drawing, and watching as many horror movies that she can. 
She has a poem in the It Came from the Darkness anthology.
She is also the co-owner, EIC, and writer for the horror review and news site, PopHorror.com.

JUSTIN BOOTE
Justin Boote is an Englishman living in Barcelona for over twenty years and before Covid struck, had been working as a waiter in a busy, centrical restaurant. He has been writing horror stories for four years and has published around thirty five short stories in diverse magazines and anthologies.
His novelette, Badass, published by Terror Tract Publishing, is also available as an ebook and paperback, as is his first collection of stories Love Wanes, Fear is Forever.

N.M. BROWN
N.M. Brown is an international best selling author from Florida. She's a happily married mother who sheds light on the dark corners of the mind that we like to keep hidden. 
Her other publications include stories in each edition of Sirens at Midnight, Calls From the Brighter Futures Suicide Hotline, Fantasia Divinity’s Elemental Drabble Series, the Scary Snippets collections, the Mother Ghost Grimm, Dark Xmas, along with several others being released in the next year.
Visit her at https://www.facebook.com/NMBrownStories/

ASHLEY M. FRANKLIN  
Ashley M. Franklin is a member of the Horror Writers Association. A mother of seven children who grew up in Albuquerque, New Mexico, who now reside in Indiana. With a childhood full of hardships, she would go on to prevail. Coming into her own, through the rediscovery of her love of writing, that she once had as a child. Ashley has rediscovered this passion at the age of thirty and has since gone on to self-publish an anthology of women’ birth stories called “May Babies: A Collection of Birth Stories.”
She also has a short story, featured in the childrens’ horror anthology Mother Ghost’s Volume 1,” as well as art in both volume 1 & 2 and a short story in Scary Snippets Valentine Edition.” She has since gone on to self-publish a short horror story, “Mary Lee Whales.”
She is currently working on her next project, entitled “Dow Manor.” 
Though her muse is ever-changing, writing horror is her passion, and prosperity is a perpetual goal.
Visit her at https://ashleyfranklinauthorpage.com.

ROMA GRAY
Roma Gray lives in Oregon in a haunted house with her two black cats, a black Chihuahua and a sun conure (orange parrot). Her motto is: “Every day is Halloween.” She is the owner of Night Sky Book Services and Trick-or-Treat Thrillers, helping authors reach their dreams.
Visit her at:
https://trickortreatthrillers.com/

DAVID OWAIN HUGHES
David Owain Hughes is a word-slinger of horror and crime fiction, who grew up on trashy b-movies from the age of five which helped rapidly instill in him a vivid imagination. He’s had multiple short stories published in various online magazines and anthologies, along with articles, reviews and interviews. He’s written for This Is Horror, Blood Magazine, and Horror Geeks Magazine.
Hughes is the author of six horror novels, four short story collections and a plethora of novellas. Although he predominately writes within the bracket of horror and its multiple sub-genres, he’s recently branched out into crime fiction and is slowly carving out a superb series of crime/noir thrillers under the umbrella title of South Wales.
https://www.facebook.com/DOHughesAuthor/?ref=hl
http://david-owain-hughes.wix.com/horrorwriter
https://twitter.com/DOHUGHES32

VALKYRIE KERRY
Valkyrie Kerry is a best-selling author and currently undertaking her PhD in Film Studies (horror).  She also loves extreme sports.
Visit her at https://www.facebook.com/horroticavalkyriekerry.

MARK KIRKBRIDE
Mark Kirkbride is the author of Game Changers of the Apocalypse and Satan’s Fan Club, published by Omnium Gatherum. His short stories can be found in Under the Bed, Sci Phi Journal, Disclaimer Magazine and Flash Fiction Magazine.
His corner of the internet is MarkKirkbride.com.

JAMES MILES
James Miles is the father of two, so when not being dad, he introduces his kids to the wonderful world of books. He can be found dreaming up tales of the macabre and when not doing that enjoys boxing and walking.
He can be found at Facebook.com/JamesMiles or at Twitter.com/JamesMiles.

TOM OVER
Tom Over is a newly published writer living in Manchester, UK. He grew up loving all things horror
and has been suckling on the gnarled teat of weird fiction ever since he was knee high to a Mugwump.
He generally divides his time between watching cult movies and working on his first collection.

KIM PLASKET
Kim Plasket enjoys writing horror and paranormal. 
She has had several stories in various anthologies such as: Year One (Dark Moments); Demonic Carnival: First Ticket's Free: A Dark Humor Short Story Collection; Demonic Household: See Owner's Manual: A Dark Humor Short Story (Demonic Anthology Collection: A Fantastical Funny Adventure (Demonic Anthology Collection); Demonic Classics; Fireflies & Fairy Dust: A Fantasy Anthology; Forgotten Ones: Drabbles of Myth and Legend; Scary Snippets: Christmas Edition & Valentines Day Edition and Halloween Edition; Shades of Santa: Tales from the Bloody North Pole; The Thrill of the Hunt: Buried Alive; Urban Legends Re-Imagined; Cabin Fever; Trembling With Fear: More Tales From The Tree; Once Upon Academy: Anthology (Once Upon Academy Anthology Book 1); Between the Twin Suns; Dark Halloween: A Flash Fiction Anthology; and The Gathering. 

VALERIE PURI 
Valerie Puri is an author of paranormal, fantasy, and young adult stories.
What she enjoys most about writing is the ability to create something out of nothing. Valerie believes that the experiences we have in life are just stories waiting to be written.
Visit her at http://www.valeriepuri.com/ or https://www.facebook.com/authorvaleriepuri.

DON EVERETT SMITH JR. 
Don is an author and true-crime & freelance writer who has written horror stories, comic books, history books and articles for local newspapers and magazines.
He started Tombstone Stories Publishing to feature both Blood from a Tombstone anthologies and other horror stories such as “The Bash and Slash Friend,” “Thrillscarlet: Blood Runner,” “Dating with the Dead Today” and “The Rook Man of Roma Forest.”
He has contributed stories to other horror anthologies such as Trick-or-Treat Thrillers 13 Backyard Monsters from Night Sky Books and Death and Butterflies: An Insect Horror Anthology from Suicide House Publishing.
He also contributed to The New Adventures of the Masked Rider from Pro Se Books and Beyond Watson: A Sherlock Holmes Anthology of Stories Not Told by Dr. John H. Watson for Belanger Books.
He publishes horror themed comic books, which feature the characters of the Vampire of the Lost Highway, the Candle Man and Linda Zimmermann’s “Ghost Investigator” character Elle Zee, under his comic book imprint Pinion Comics.
Don has written comic book histories about the various branches of the United States Military, as well comic book biographies on radio host Rush Limbaugh, President Ronald Reagan and Jesus Christ.
When not writing fiction and comic books, Don writes articles about Lycoming County, Pennsylvania and its history as well as authoring the historical true-crime book The Goffle Road Murders of Passaic County.
He lives in Central Pennsylvania, with his wife Laura, an artist, and their cats and tortoise.
Visit him at:
PinionComics.Com
Facebook.com/DESJrWriter 
Facebook.com/Tombstonestories 

KIMBERLY WOLKENS
Kimberly Wolkens is a Marketing Coordinator by day and author of (mostly) dark short stories and poetry by night. An avid reader, she is part of the review team on the Ginger Nuts of Horror site. Her idea of the perfect day involves writing while eating cake and listening to 90’s grunge music.
She lives in rural Michigan with her husband.
She has short stories published in Blood from a Tombstone and Don’t Open the Door anthologies.
Visit her on Twitter at @up_north_h1ke and at https://t.co/RirRSWezD0?amp=1.

LINDA ZIMMERMANN
Linda is the author of over 30 books, is a popular speaker, has made numerous appearances on television and radio, and has starred in an award-winning documentary, based on her book In the Night Sky. 
She has received honors and awards for her books on American history, and in 2011 she won the Silver Medal for Humor for Bad Science in the Independent Publishers Awards. Linda has lectured at the Smithsonian, West Point, and Gettysburg, as well as at national conventions, universities, and Mensa events.
Linda has appeared at major science fiction conventions and comic cons for her zombie and science fiction novels and comic books—especially after becoming a comic book character in the “Ghost Investigator” comic books, based on her popular series of books.
She is a lifelong New York Mets and New York Giants fan.
As a vegetarian, if the apocalypse occurred and Linda became a zombie, she would have to subsist on brain-flavored tofu.
Visit her at GotoZim.com.




Check out 
these other 
thrilling short stories also from 

Tombstone Stories Publishing

Available through Smashwords



