




THE SULFURO BHANGARH MANUSCRIPTS

by

THOMAS CURTIS




The Sulfuro Bhangarh Manuscripts
Published by Thomas Curtis at Smashwords
Copyright 2011 Thomas Curtis 
http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/ThomasCurtis
This book is available in print at most online retailers

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. It may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.




CONTENTS

Prologue: Prof Richard Marsh (1936)
One: Times of London (1809)
Two: Dr Volkert Guttmundson (1809)
Three: Captain Augustus Feldner (1877)
Four: Sarah Elizabeth Morelle (1877)
Five: Lloyds of London (1877)
Six: Señor Diego Escarabajo (1877)
Seven: Sarah Elizabeth Morelle (1878)
Eight: Gregor Kirillov (1878)
Nine: Sarah Elizabeth Morelle (1878)
Ten: Manuel Alvarado (1878)
Eleven: Sarah Elizabeth Morelle (1878)
Twelve: New York Times (1921)
Epilogue: Prof Richard Marsh (1936)
Authors Afterword




PROLOGUE

Professor Richard Marsh (1936)

The documents contained herein were collated by me between 1920 and 1935 and form what I call the Sulfuro Bhangarh Manuscripts. They primarily concern a Portuguese slaver (the Sulfuro) and a British carrier (the Bhangarh) which were involved in puzzlingly similar maritime disasters, occurring sixty-eight years apart during the last century. I have not edited the individual documents in any way other than to splice them into chronological order.
This collection has never been made public in its entirety before now, principally due to my own ignorance of its import; but also because of a lack of interest among the archaeological and anthropological communities. Following the collapse of the original White City expedition, which famously discovered several of these documents, I came to consider the matter nothing more than a personal hobby, an academic diversion to be pondered and catalogued, and then consigned to a dusty shelf. However, recent stratigraphic excavations of the primary site by a foreign power have forced me to reassess my interpretation of the matter. I was personally approached by the government concerned, which is infamous for its obsession with the occult and its utilisation in warfare. I politely declined their overtures and set about reinvestigating the matter.
My research is ongoing but as a starting point, I release the original documents upon an apathetic public. No introduction could properly convey what they contain and so I will let them speak for themselves, adding only such notes as may be necessary for historical clarity.

Richard Marsh PhD
Faculty of Anthropology
University of Chicago
October 1936.




ONE

A news article carried by the Times of London (27.09.1809)

Horror at Sea
(by Sutter Colfax) 

We stop the press to recount the singular destruction by fire of Portuguese cargo ship the Sulfuro. At the time of posting, only one survivor has been recovered, the fortunate individual being the ship’s physician, Dr Volkert Guttmundson. We are indebted for the information herein to two sources: the Norwegian doctor for his statement given to the authorities in the Maldives and also the unidentified captain of the whaling ship, Sacre Coeur, for his erudite report.
The three hundred tonne Sulfuro, under the experienced command of one Nicolas De Villgaignon, departed on the 13th of September last from the East African city of Zanzibar. This aging galleon carried a full compliment of seventeen crew and a cargo of two hundred slaves as well as a quantity of wine and olive oil. Eleven days later on the 23rd of September, and being far removed from her intended course for Salvador Da Bahia in the colonies, the ship was totally destroyed by fire in approximately 5° south latitude and 71° east longitude under the following circumstances.
Dr Guttmundson reports that a crewmember was below deck drawing off spirits when a candle he was using accidentally fell onto a quantity of spilled oil, which immediately ignited. The fire spread with such rapidity that all efforts at extinguishing it were unavailing and the ship’s fabrication soon became a mass of flames. The sole survivor of the disaster further states that the crew’s exertions to save the ship could not have been greater. The scene as described by him was one of hellish devastation, the calamity unfolding with such rapidity that those below could not attempt to save a single article except such goods as were on their person. In traversing the short distance from their bunks to the deck many of the crew had their clothes burned off and were literally in a state of nudity upon reaching the upper areas of the vessel. From here they were driven to bowsprit and bulwark before dropping, in desperation, into the sea. Meanwhile several of the crewmen on deck, including Dr Guttmundson, engaged themselves in a futile attempt to arrest the fire’s advance. This endeavour proving impossible, they abandoned hope and made for the ships only longboat. Most were terribly injured by then but they set about launching the craft as best they could.
A French whaler, the Sacre Coeur, was within sight about five miles to windward and, upon observing the Sulfuro’s condition, immediately bore down. When close-to she lowered all her boats and the crew put every application to the task. To their surprise however only one survivor was to be found in the water. When Guttmundson was taken aboard he was feverish and could relate no information as to the fate of the other members of his party.
In his later statement, the doctor asserts that the cutter was launched amid such blind panic that upon hitting the waves below he was thrown clear of the vessel and remembered nothing else until coming-to aboard the Sacre Coeur. It was noted by the rescue party that the Sulfuro's longboat had indeed been launched but was nowhere to be seen and its whereabouts remain a mystery, the occupants presumably lost at sea. The whaler’s captain most gravely reports that the screaming of the slaves, who along with the rest of the cargo had been abandoned, was chilling to attend. It appears there was no time to unlock their shackles once the fire had started and the fishermen spent a baleful night listening to the caterwauling of the savages and watching the conflagration consume the ship.
At first light, the captain of the Sacre Coeur himself ascended the crow’s nest and scanned the horizon for any sign of survivors. Seeing none, he decided to steer for the nearest port of Addu in the Maldives [Editors note: The closest settlement would actually have been the large coconut plantation on Île Du Coin in the Peros Banhos atoll. Either the French captain was unaware of this or he considered it unsuitable for his vessel. R.M.] so that Dr Guttmundson could receive medical attention, they themselves having no physician onboard. They left the Sulfuro a smouldering hulk already taking on water. At Addu, the captain filed a report to the harbour master and commended the survivor to his care before continuing upon his own expedition, in the indefatigable nature of such men of the sea. The doctor’s account ascribes the Sulfuro’s errant position to faulty instruments and a heavy fog, a weather condition rarely seen in the region.
This is as much intelligence as is known regarding the melancholy fate of the Sulfuro. To satisfy those who may have concerns such names of the missing crew as it has been possible to source at this point are here subjoined. It is unknown at this juncture if any are citizens of the Empire. May God have mercy upon the souls of the deceased.
Nicolas De Villgaignon, captain. Manuel Alvarado, first mate. Cathal LeFanu, second mate. William Laud, engineer. Luis Lobo, steward. Kwane Tawiah, cook. Eduardo Afonso, boatswain. Adolf Behring, Benjamin Brigs, Gregor Kirillov, Duarte Braga, Guilhermina Seixas, Kristjan Bjornsson, all seamen.




TWO

A letter from Dr Volkert Guttmundson to his wife (21.12.1809) [translated from the Norwegian]

[Editors note: This document was presented by the Bishop of Nidaros to Trondheim City Museum following its discovery in a chancel attic during renovation works sometime around 1900. I first became aware of it during a visit to the Royal Frederick University, Oslo in 1917. It is translated from the Norwegian by Rector Johan Lilebakken. R.M.]

Matilda Guttmundson,
C/o Sigurdsson Parish,
Trondheim.

I hardly know where to begin. I was so badly disfigured in the fire that, until recently, to write was beyond me. The act is still painfully slow but because the physical ache is nothing compared to the sorrow I feel at your continued absence I will write. I love you more than ever now; please be assured of that. My corporeal discomfort is further moderated by another less tangible trauma; one of the mind which I scarcely dare elucidate. Let me simply say that of late I am reduced to a pitiable wretch who is startled by the merest echo or the least unannounced vagary. And yet there is cause indeed for my diminution to such an order. But there are other matters to be related before I can properly gain the courage to tell of this.
I understand Matilda that you have received word from the staff here regarding my current location the Maldives, my ill-health and the misadventures that have befallen me. I had consequently expected some news of you by now. I realise, of course, that communication with such a distant outpost is a slow and labourious affair and subscribe any tardiness to this. Having not until now been well enough to write myself I can only apologise; although the medics attending me are good hearted and industrious men they are unfamiliar with the finer skills of the profession and my rehabilitation has thus been a measured one; but enough of this. I will now promptly endeavour to recount all that has occurred since last I wrote, that blithe time before any of this horror had manifested itself.
It all began with the strange port of Zanzibar, where portion and gyre had assorted to set me down. This place where I abruptly found myself was a well of larceny, vice and privation. From all over the Earth traders appeared in the city. Out of Europe and India they would come, sometimes overflowing with bravado, more often fastidious and calculating. On my first day there, I walked the narrow streets of the quarter known as Stone Town amid the ubiquitous aroma of cloves, nutmeg, cinnamon and pepper until the unnerving sight of a captured leopard prowling in its cage on the market square stopped me in mid-stride. Thus was my first experience of Zanzibar! Such savagery is beyond your cultured comprehension. Yet this Stone Town is also an area of beauty that you would understand: Winding laneways and circular towers, ornately carved wooden doors and raised hidden terraces where the Arabs sit sipping tea amid their armies of acolytes. For centuries these lustful nomads have used the monsoon winds to navigate the Indian Ocean and settle in the sheltered harbours of the island. It is a gateway to the numerous towns of the East African coast and the riches they enjoy. Many of these Persians have intermarried with the local Hadimu and Tumbatu peoples, a fact which gives the indigenous population its striking appearance. Portugal has now lost its position of ascendancy in the city but her traders have retained their lascivious presence, especially in the business of slaving.
As I am sure you will guess, my anthropological side was fascinated by all I found and I revelled in these new experiences. That is until the day when, as I wandered the ancient quarter, I found the place known locally as Sununu Square. Once each month this unremarkable looking street becomes the largest slave market in all of East Africa. Naturally, I was aware of the practice but nothing could have prepared me for the depravities I witnessed there.
The degraded wretches being sold were most pitiful. Slaves as young as ten were beaten and whipped for the slightest offence. One boy I saw was made to stand all day supporting a massive iron weight atop his head, blood transuding from his scalp, legs shaking in pain, at his truculent master’s whim. Traders prodded and poked, opened mouths and checked for disease, the mute frightened natives submitting meekly to their fate. It was then as I stood there amid this chaos that an assembly of several hundred newly captured savages was unceremoniously marched into the square. They were shackled to each other, the neck of one affixed to the foot of the next all along the line. Some were clearly on the verge of death but their tormentors cared not and continued to whip and bully them across the wide expanse before herding them into a large open corral at the furthest corner from where I stood.
Upon making conversation with a British merchant, I learned that this group of natives had been captured near Lake Nyasa and traded from there by African intermediaries. He told me that recently the Rift Valley tribes had fled deeper into the interior, fighting in skirmishes against these go-betweens as they went. But still it was rare for the mercenaries to return from an expedition without a great haul of human capture. The tribes are so numerous and for the most part so peaceable that the operation flourishes. The captured natives are taken to seaports such as Zanzibar, Kilma or Quilimane, sold to the highest bidder in the markets and then cargoed to Asia or South America to begin a life of miserable servitude.
The conditions during this transportation to the coast are brutal. My interlocutor spoke of half starved cadavers dragged along jungle passes, their bodies covered in craw craw and itch; of men howling like maniacs for water; of thousands dying before ever reaching the sea, victims of malnutrition and mistreatment. Infant’s brains are dashed out if they are too small to work. The men are shot for sport, the women raped and demeaned. It was perhaps even more heinous that this man seemed to see nothing amiss in what he related and did so in the most nonchalant of manners. This business of slavery begets so much suffering; internecine warfare waged over the living bodies of whole communities. From what recess of the soul can such cruelty spring? Is there really a god in heaven who could permit it to flourish? Their manners may be feral but surely these natives have as much right to this life as any European or Arab?
We went to the pens where the bidding for the newly arrived people was taking place and I watched with an eerie fascination as two fat Europeans walked among them examining individuals at random and laughing between themselves. They went away with a dull eyed middleman and returned moments later, money exchanged and a deal done. As simply as that two hundred men, women and children who woke up that morning free upon the Earth were now owned life and breath by another. Such is the inequity and tyranny of evil men.
Making enquiries in a nearby tavern I discovered that the traders were Portuguese and that they had a galleon, the Sulfuro, waiting in the docks to ferry the captured wraiths to the Iberian owned sugar plantations of Brazil. Thinking my seafaring experience and proficiency with languages a sign I made at once for the ship and contacted its captain, an intense, emaciated Spaniard called De Villgaignon, with a view to securing work as a seaman. But providence was busy with other machinations. The captain explained to me that the Sulfuro's current physician had disappeared after a bout of drinking in Stone Town and being tired of his errant ways, De Villgaignon hired me there and then in his stead.
I can hear you now asking what my intent in such a course of action was. I can only say that at the time I felt I might do some good. That once aboard this wicked vessel I would be able to influence the crew's conduct to alleviate the misery of the captives. Did I harbour ambitions of a greater plan? Well perhaps the seed of such a strategy had indeed, even at that point, begun to take hold.

And so, on the twelfth day of September in the year of Our Lord seventeen hundred and seventy seven, I boarded the Sulfuro and signed papers. My contract bound me to the ship for its outward voyage to Salvador Da Bahia as well as its return from there to Oporto with a full cargo of sugar beet. The whole adventure, the captain informed me, would take six to eight months depending upon conditions. My plan upon reaching Portugal was to immediately find a route back to Norway and leave behind this wandering life of mine forever.
Nicolas De Villgaignon's eyes sparkled and he watched me intently as I signed my name. “Well Volkert.” he said laughing. “You are one of us now and you are bound to the Sulfuro for good or ill. However, be avowed this: I will have no shirking from any member of my crew. Your primary duties are as physician but you will do exactly what I order you to do, the same as the rest of them.”
Manuel Alvarado, the ship’s first mate, simply sat there watching us. He communicated his obvious distain for me with an upward curl of his lip and a narrowing of his grey eyes. With his high forehead, angular features and pointed goatee the fellow looked like nothing so much as Satan himself.
The Sulfuro was an impressive vessel, which like many other ships along this coast had been specially modified for the unholy enterprise in which it was engaged. In order to achieve the highest profits from the transportation of human beings as cargo the owners had divided the hull into between decks. This way they could maximise the number of slaves carried in each crossing. As is easily imagined, such cramped, unhygienic conditions lead to an enormously high mortality rate. Only the resilient survive the journey. Those that do not are thrown overboard. Indeed oftentimes, the owners do not wait for the sick to even expire before relieving themselves of their damaged cargo. No court in the world adjudges the killing of slaves as murder and so the traders act with impunity.
As the natives were brought aboard, I watched with growing dread as a seemingly impossible number of them were taken below. The second mate, a rank Irelander every bit as gaunt and grim as his two superiors, kept count as each individual passed through. Below the crew could be heard beating and chaining the slaves. Their cries of pain and fear resounded throughout the ship. The count of two hundred and four went up and was relayed to the captain. The fat traders from the market had, with arms folded and legs jauntily akimbo, observed the entire operation from the quayside. Again, papers were signed and money exchanged. The whole thing had an indolent and gloomy air, compounded by the fact that it was well after midnight before they finished and the docks were empty except for the Sulfuro's crew and the stevedores who were listlessly loading barrels of olive oil. When these last items and our provisions were safely stored, the captain gave the order to raise anchor and set mainsail and the Sulfuro left port and began its strange and singular voyage.
That first night I stood on deck alone and watched the African coast recede into the darkness, the lights of the harbour disappearing as we glided slowly into the void. I went to my cabin and lay down. I could hear the crew drinking and carousing in the galley but had no appetite to join them. I could make out something else as well: A low rumbling dirge from below deck; a single voice lamenting this degradation of man. I fell into a fitful sleep and dreamt of something malignant scrutinising me from the shadows, a monster that was moving inexorably towards some dark intent. I woke at last with a start and felt something was there with me in the cabin. But I was quite alone.
The next morning I inspected the decks where the slaves were shackled. My useless words cannot convey the awful aspect of what I found there. The Africans were stripped naked, chained in groups of five and packed so tightly into the space that the head of each was forced upon the thigh of the next. In this dark, dank pit, they were provided with three feet and three inches of headroom for the duration of the ten-week voyage. A single bowl of rice and a cup of brackish water was their daily ration. And on days when the crew were especially hung-over they got nothing at all. The men, women and children down there in that floating hell looked up at me with doleful, frightened eyes as I passed. One seaman at a time supervised a deck containing one hundred slaves. There was no fear of rebellion since their limbs were chained and their spirits broken. I returned to my cabin, retrieved my satchel and was about to go below again when first mate Alvarado stopped me.
“And where are you going with that?” He asked in surprise.
“To tend some wounds I have seen upon the slaves.” I answered to the amusement of all within earshot. Alvarado sneered.
“Doctor, you were hired to tend to the health of the crew, not that of the savages. And if you ever attempt to do so you might find yourself joining them below.”
At this, there was more jocularity and I skulked back to my quarters and sat alone, brooding for a while. Later I returned to the bridge and tried to persuade De Villgaignon directly that keeping as many slaves as possible alive would increase his profit from the crossing, reasoning that profit alone was all these men understood. He looked me over and coldly replied, “Manuel has already reported to me on what occurred earlier. He speaks for me in all matters. Do not make me regret taking you on board Dr Guttmundson.”
And so my naive plan to help these people was thwarted upon that first day at sea. I went to bed where again I dreamt of something watching me from the void. I awoke at dawn covered in sweat and feeling quite unrested, as if I had not been to bed at all but abroad the entire night.
After my disagreement with De Villgaignon and Alvarado, most of the men began to ignore me as I went about the ship. Among the whole crew, only one young seaman called Kirillov still spoke to me. He was an exceptionally intelligent fellow, being well read and speaking numerous languages. We had some passionate conversations but eventually even he grew distant as the strident distain of his fellows grew increasingly apparent. I had very few medical matters among the crew to attend to and began to find the days wearisome. I came to realise the stupidity of undertaking the trip at all. How little I knew then what was still before me.
Time passed with nothing to report except the casual mistreatment of the prisoners, the favourable weather that carried us forward and my own now deep and dreamless sleeps. On the fifth day out however things did begin to change. I awoke to discover that an unseasonable fog had descended about the ship. So thick and malodorous was this vapour that the superstitious commoners among the crew took it for a portent of disaster and murmured between themselves of omens and ill winds. To my surprise and chagrin, the officers seemed as unnerved by this natural phenomenon as those of lower stock did. Maybe it was the fog or maybe it was something else but polemic and discord abounded among the sailors that day and so vitriolic and recalcitrant were the words that at times I thought it would surely descend into violence. The ones below also took to wailing and sobbing and even the whip could not still them. But stranger still was the captains behaviour who, having come on deck and seen the surrounding conditions, left orders with the first mate to continue half speed before retreating to his cabin where he remained unseen for the rest of the day. To what all this queerness was due I could not say and I too retired and immersed myself in study. I remained there, alone with my medical journals, all that day and the next. I even took my meals there, content and undisturbed, until later that evening when a crewman called upon me to report that the captain was unwell and requested my attendance immediately.
I gathered my things and upon entering his bower noticed at once that De Villgaignon did indeed appear drawn and skittish. I asked him what the matter was but he seemed not to notice me. He stared pensively at the maps and charts strewn on the table before him before finally offering a question by way of reply.
“What significance do you place in dreams doctor?”
When I answered none and that I considered those who derived any significance to be charlatans he seemed somewhat calmed and even smiled. Apropos of nothing he went on.
“We are having problems with the ship's instruments Dr Guttmundson”
“What manner of problems sir?”
His eyes narrowed and he examined me.
“Our sextant is missing,” he said. “God alone knows where it has gone. Perhaps someone has stolen it. Furthermore, the marine chronometer seems to be running backwards such that each day ends before it began. And that not being sufficient I have just now learnt that every compass onboard is giving us a different bearing. It is anyone’s guess which is correct. What think you of such strange occurrences Volkert?”
“I can hardly say captain.” I replied. “But surely these instruments are essential to the running of the ship?”
“Most essential, we cannot sail without them in fact. We may use the stars and the sun as rudimentary guides but that is not ideal. I had decided to return to Zanzibar to rectify these matters but this damned fog refuses to lift and even the stars are now lost to us. We are adrift.”
I was most disturbed by this news and the troubled manner of the captain. He lit his pipe and again took to his magnifying lens and papers. I stood to take my leave before remembering the initial purpose of my visit.
“Why did you ask about dreams before captain? Are you perhaps having trouble sleeping? I could prepare a draught for you quite easily...”
He raised a hand to cut me off but then seemed to ponder the suggestion for a moment, before at last declining. He went on to explain that he had suffered the same nightmare every night since leaving port.
“And what is it you dream of?” I asked.
“Of a creature in the darkness.” he whispered, “Something wicked looking at me from the gloom and plotting against me.”

The following morning found the ship still fog-bound and the crew restless. The first mate took care to lock up the grog. De Villgaignon remained in his cabin and this greatly compounded the feeling of disquiet among the men. Why was he hidden away at such a time? With navigation still impossible, the ship drifted all day and the officers seemed at a loss as to how to proceed.
When by late afternoon the unearthly mist that enveloped us had not lifted, the mood grew darker still. Some blamed the slaves for putting a heathen curse upon us while others said the captain had lost his mind and was in commune with the devil. Mutiny was in the air when De Villgaignon at last arrived upon deck. His appearance however did little to ease the crews pinched nerves, dishevelled and wild eyed as he was. He paced on the forecastle level for some minutes before giving the command of all hands upon deck. When everyone was assembled, he sent Alvarado below with orders to convey a dozen slaves before he continued.
“It seems obvious to me that strange forces are at work aboard this vessel.” His voice seemed different and he gestured frenetically as he spoke, fingering the air at every word.
“Wicked creatures are abroad and I mean to cleanse this ship of their malevolence. Do you know of what I speak? Am I the only one who has been visiting by those eight baleful eyes?”
To this there was a murmur of assent and a seaman in the crowd shouted “Yes! Yes! The eyes!”
There was a great hubbub as everyone agreed that their dreams too had been visited by something unpleasant and menacing. I looked about me at the nodding heads and vacant eyes and felt a terrible unease grip me. At this juncture, the first mate arrived back with the slaves he had been instructed to retrieve. They shielded their eyes from the first daylight they had be exposed to since their incarceration and cowered before their tormentors. I noticed Alvarado was deathly pale as he emerged from the main hatch behind them and was moving in jerky strides like some manner of automaton. De Villgaignon looked down at the captives and shouted.
“Here they are now. I am certain that it is these fiends who have called the infernal fog upon us; these fiends who have corrupted our instruments with their witchcraft; these devils who have sent their spirits out to invade our dreams. Remember what the Lord said to Moses: ‘I will eat your children like a lion and I will snatch their entrails and you will see how the wild beast will use you and your herd and will make of our path deserts. For how long will the lord still be in rage’...Show them no mercy.”
There was another great shout of agreement among the mob. One man beside me stamped his feet and waved his arms in some kind of paroxysm. Then all at once the crew were out of control. Without further goading they began to assail the poor Africans, kicking and gouging and spitting. The captain looked on from the forecastle, shouting and waving his cutlass above his head.
“Overboard” he screamed “Throw the indolent devils over. This will show them we are not to be trifled with. These monsters mean to kill us.”
The entire deck was now a heaving mass of bodies as the slaves were dragged in ones and twos, hoisted aloft and flung from the broil into the seething waters below. I stood incredulous, dumbly looking at what was happening before at last I fled in terror to my quarters and barricaded myself in. I pressed my ear against the door and listened. The tumult continued for a while more before becoming an exhausted silence. I heard the officers whose cabins were near mine make their way back to them and lock themselves in. God alone knows what their thoughts were during the long silent days that followed.
That evening I crept from my room. The ship was adrift and deserted except for a couple of drunken seamen dosing at the doorway to the hold. Everyone else was in their quarters. From between decks, a stifled moan now and then drifted up, like a ghost escaping the scene of its corporeal demise. Above, the fog pressed so close that the sails were invisible; only the creaking masts could be seen, disappearing into nothingness. I took a small amount of water and provisions from the galley and returned to my bolt hole.
Perhaps the vitals were rancid or some malady afflicted me but I am uncertain as to what happened next. I fell into a stupor and alternated between pacing my cabin and collapsing unconscious upon my bunk. I dreamt of you Matilda. And sometimes upon waking, I was certain you were there in the cabin with me. I dreamt of fearful krakens, lying in wait just below the water's tranquil surface, poised to molest the ship and pull us down. I dreamt of many things but I remember most clearly the eight staring eyes, glowing red in the darkness like heated coals. I could not make out who or what these lidless orbs belonged to; something just beyond my perception, something hidden in the gloom, something evil.
At one point, I even fancied a slave stood at the end of my bunk. He spoke in my native tongue and told me that the barrels in the hold did not contain olive oil as Alvarado claimed but gunpowder, which would be sold to the Spanish upon reaching De Bahia. He told me to ignite the barrels and destroy the ship. He knew that the Sulfuro’s ruin had been my ultimate aim and he offered me this chance. When I lit the oil lamp by my bed, I saw that he had no eyes at all, only two scarred and empty sockets. What manner of dream was this?
It appears I passed several days in this fashion although it did not seem so protracted a period as that to my feverish mind. I was dragged from my reverie on what I have subsequently understood to be the eleventh night out from Zanzibar by a heart stopping scream. I awoke to find the cabin filling with smoke and havoc let loose aboard the Sulfuro. I ran from my rooms and into the fume filled corridor where dark shapes thrashed about, blind and disoriented. I could hardly breathe and could not see at all. Someone pushed me towards the companion ladder and together we stumbled up into the night air and collapsed on the deck. The first thing I noticed was that our shroud of fog had lifted and the firmament blazed dizzyingly above me. The stars seemed close enough to touch. I got to my feet and could see smoke and flames billowing from the aft hatch. The crew were running aimlessly about, some with pails of water, and the slaves below were screaming now. My concomitant was a Portuguese seaman called Duarte.
“What in God’s name is happening?” I asked him.
“The ship is gone doctor. The captain has lost his mind and has started a fire in the hold.”
Just then, De Villgaignon appeared from below brandishing his sword and an oil lamp. The latter he preceded to dash against the bridge. His eyes flashed in the darkness. Then he damned the ship to hell and clambered up the rigging to the forecastle swinging his weapon as he went. The flames lapped at his feet as he looked down upon his crestfallen crew; a Tartarus, lord of his own burning underworld. The flames spread quickly, the sails being seized upon by the devouring element. More of the crew were pouring from the hatches. Some had the clothes burnt from their backs and they ran and threw themselves over the bulwarks, so maddened were they by the pain. Explosions were sounding from below. Our poor Negro cook appeared from the blaze and fell dying at my feet. I knelt to offer what pitiful assistance I could. His body was covered in welts and burns and he spoke cryptically and in faltering English. “They come from the deep.” he whispered before expiring.
I looked up to see the fire raging all around. At the stern, I could make out several members of the crew, led by Alvarado, in the process of launching the ship’s only longboat. The first mate turned and through the flames, he stared straight at me. Time and space broke free from each other. His eyes were no longer the truculent grey oculi I remembered. They were the blazing lidless orbs from my dream. I reeled backwards but still my gaze was locked upon his. There was malevolence in those eyes like the fires of hell. But more frightening than this was the sense of profound knowledge that was there, a deep and dark familiarity beyond all human ken. The eternity I saw there might have driven me insensate, but then he looked away as if what he perceived did not especially interest him, and the outside world returned. An immense crash drew my attention just in time to see the captain fall through the roof of the bridge to be consumed by the conflagration. Everywhere was madness and still I could not rouse myself into action. I stood unmoving; a mute witness to the devastation. The flames closed around me as I watched the cutter launched from the ship. It tipped headlong down and into the black fathomless leagues below, lurching precariously before righting itself and moving off. Great sheets of flame were everywhere now. Wood crackled and splintered and collapsed all around. I heard the slaves still screaming in agony below and made a foolhardy attempt to reach them through the main hatch. An attempt that ensured I would forever have my physical reminders of that terrible night. Paralysed with pain I retreated and leapt from the burning deck of the Sulfuro.
My subsequent memory is of coming to aboard a whaling ship the following morning. Somehow I had not drowned at sea or died from my injuries but instead had been rescued by this fishing vessel. I was cared for by those good men and it was they who brought me here to the Maldives where I have been resting in the island’s sanatorium ever since.

What you will make of my story I do not know. I hardly know what to make of it myself. The Sulfuro sank and its longboat has never been found. All crew are assumed lost. I can shed no further light upon their fate although it seems unlikely to me that anyone could have survived. The statement I made to the authorities was a lie. I saw no reason to blacken De Villgaignon's name. Of what consequence was it now? Neither did I mention the mysterious dreams that so oppressed the crew or the eerie impression I had of Alvarado during the fire. The sanity of one relating such a story would undoubtedly have been questioned. What caused the fog and the instrument failure is another matter for which I am unqualified to present an answer. In fact, I have no theory to explain any of the singular events that took place aboard the Sulfuro and I truly wish that I had never boarded the accursed ship. My nerves have been greatly affected by the whole affair. I never sleep for more than an hour now without waking. I scream in the night, thinking that thing in the darkness is creeping towards my bed. Sometimes I feel sure I am losing my mind.
It has taken me several days to finish this letter Matilda and now I will ensure it reaches the mailing ship which docks at the harbour tonight. I pray it finds you. Please endeavour to forgive a foolish husband and to offer him some consolation in the long dark night in which he finds himself.

Yours in love.
Volkert.




THREE

The log book of Captain Augustus Feldner commanding the RMS Bhangarh (22.07.1877 – 29.07.1877)

[Editors note: Feldner’s journal, together with Morelle’s first (or maritime) journal which is presented subsequently, were extricated in a damaged condition by the only known survivor of the Bhangarh incident. The existence of both these manuscripts was not discovered until after the death of this individual several years later. See section 5 for further details. R.M.]

Sunday 22.07.1877
Being the twenty second day of July, eighteen hundred and seventy seven I avow the following to be the sole log of Captain Augustus Feldner, master of this vessel. And I further swear it to be a true and complete account of the voyage.

Latitude: 13° 06’ north. Longitude: 80° 20’ east. Local time: 11.17 am. Adjusted ship time: 11.17 am. Wind direction & speed: southwest 212° mild. Precipitation & remarks: Fine 26°. Name of vessel: RMS Bhangarh. 1866 brigantine, built Spencer Island, Nova Scotia. Port of embarkation: Madras, East India (13° 06’ N 80° 20’ E). Port of destination: Portsmouth, Hampshire (50° 48’ N 001° 06’ W) via Port Elizabeth, Eastern Cape (33° 54’ S 25° 36’ E). Distance: 10800 nautical miles. Expected duration: 85 days (average speed 6 – 7 knots). First mate: Richard Albertson, out of Bristol. Second mate: Reginald Whitehead. Royal mail agent: Thomas Cobb. Crew (5): Jonathon Defoe (abs), George Gelb (abs), Daniel Swift (abs), Alexander Tufail (abs), Page Emitt Mitchell (steward and cook). Passengers (3): Sarah Elizabeth Morelle (English), Régine Saint-Simon (French), Wolfgang Dreireicher (Bavarian). Weight of vessel: 282 tonnes without cargo. Length of vessel: 103 feet. General: Three mast and fully rigged for sail. Back up steam boiler. Oaken hull. Top speed 10 knots. Fully seaworthy, audited May 1875. Cargo: Royal mail (22 tonnes). 170 cases of tea. Passengers’ luggage. Provisions: Six month supply of food and water (see Mitchell’s record).

The stevedores are about finished their work and I have left Whitehead to supervise the final push. We shall soon be under way. Although I baulk at the prospect of another job for these damned British (a race whose obsequiousness is matched only by their stupidity) I am determined to get this creaking vessel to Portsmouth and secure a commission to The States as quickly as possible. I need to return to San Francisco. Recently I am thinking of nothing else. My home on Saraswa Street seen from the turn in the road; this memory burns inside me so brightly that oftentimes I cannot even work for it. My house whose singular neighbours (an opium smoking solicitor and a Negro tattoo artist) always allowed me to live my life in peace, free from the interference of outsiders, of which California is full. I just pray that Patrick hasn’t managed to burn the place down. This Christmas it will be two years since I was last there, since Patrick and I worried the brothels of the Warf. Two years spent crossing the Atlantic and Indian Oceans hauling mail and tea and listening to these pedantic bastards telling me how to do my job. Too long.
But to the present. I have re-engaged Whitehead and all five crew from last months run. All are good men and I am glad to have them aboard. A new first mate and mail agent have been imposed upon me by the Company. I am assured that both are of the highest order but I will make up my own mind in due course. The agent Cobb seems a man of his breed: self important and officious. He is a civil servant and not a sailor and will irk me I am sure. My new F.M. is a young Englishman named Albertson. He comes across as made for the role, deferential enough to follow orders yet possessing sufficient authority to impose himself quickly upon the crew. I made enquiries in the officers club and Harker, whom he has served under, assured me he is a decent officer.
We also have three passengers on board whose names I have listed above. The elderly German looks the sort of man a stiff wind would blow over. I just hope he survives the crossing and saves me any unnecessary paperwork. He is in the company of a French woman although they don’t appear to be married. Upon boarding, she questioned me in great detail regarding the routine of the ship and the minutiae of its running. The financial necessity to placate such carpet baggers is loathsome to the real sailor, but I bit my lip and made reassuring and courteous replies. These two will accompany us all the way to Portsmouth while our third guest, a plain drink of a girl, will alight in Africa. I can abide passengers just so long as they stay out of my way and do not interfere with how I sail my ship. I have instructed Albertson to call me when we are ready to depart. I will rest now until he has done so.

Monday 23.07.1877
Latitude: 09° 30’ north. Longitude: 79° 24’ east. Adjusted ship time: 07.18 pm. Wind direction & speed: Calm. Precipitation & remarks: Low cloud 24°. Entering the Palk Strait at a speed of 6 knots and on a heading of roughly 166° under sail and tacking against a light breeze.

We left harbour yesterday without incident except requiring several attempts to get the anchor aweigh. It seemed to have snagged some object upon the sea floor. Albertson worked well with the men to remedy the problem. I sat down last night in my quarters with Reginald and Cobb and toasted the voyage. The agent is a grave and professional fellow and not one for carousing. He left us after a short while upon the pretext of being tired and returned to his cabin. Reg and I sat up till late, finishing the rum and talking on such matters as men of the world will do.
I was hung-over this morning but stood at the bowsprit a while and allowed the salty breeze to clear my head. Made my rounds and let the crew know it will be a tight trip. First mate Albertson and I worked on the course in the afternoon. He is an inexperienced navigator and talked so little I felt compelled to repeatedly ask if he was following me. I made every effort to engage him in small talk but he is a coy and serious fellow who finds it hard to speak of personal things. He has a way about him that some could find arrogant but I must admit such traits recommend him to me. I think he could virtually run the ship on his own if I gave him enough room, for he is ambitious. The officers and the passengers are to dine together tonight so I will go now and dress.
Later: Dinner was a decent affair. Whitehead supervised the cooking and put on a competent enough offering although Dreireicher, our elderly Bavarian, seemed unimpressed. He spoke at length about the ongoing siege at Pleven and other matters of war which interested nobody but himself. His lady-companion would interject now and again to explain to us how fascinated Wolfgang was by military things before returning to her meal, which she ate with gusto. The young English lady, Miss Morelle, spoke well but would now and again ask Albertson or me some nonsensical nautical question. I think it was probably an attempt to steer the conversation away from war, but the German was persistent and would always continue where he had left off. Over drinks, while Albertson, Dreireicher and I smoked, Whitehead explained our intended route to the ladies and here Miss Morelle seemed eager for exactness. She asked the oddest questions about our passage, seeming very interested to know exactly when we would pass the equator and even made some notes from the answers Whitehead gave. Perhaps she has interest in The Solemn Rites. The two ladies retired after a time while we officers had to listen politely while old windbag Wolfgang stammered on for another hour about Bismarck and the growing German influence in Africa. Finally, I could take no more and excused myself upon imaginary ships business, leaving my mates to deal with him while I finished my pipe and grog in bed. The privilege of command.

Tuesday 24.07.1877
Latitude: 07° 11’ north. Longitude: 79° 35’ east. Adjusted ship time: 06.41 pm. Wind direction & speed: Calm. Precipitation & remarks: Low cloud 23°.

Cleared the strait in wonderful conditions. 7 knots on a heading of 213° coming round to a southerly bearing. Sighted Ceylon to portside, a shimmering mystical looking place. For two years I have passed it without getting further than the docks at Colombo or Puttalam. Something I regret now that I shall not be back. A few straggling decrepit dhows came alongside trying to sell rotten fruit and cane liquor. Brown naked children scrambled, unbidden and like macaques, aboard my ship and dashed around attempting to offload their pitiful wares. Dreireicher, who was walking the deck at the time, stopped to buy an apple and was soon completely surrounded by the blasted urchins. He patted their heads and gave them German coins and even asked me if he could keep one. Such was the expressionless Teutonic manner in which he posed the question that I feared for a moment he was serious. Then he smiled and shuffled off back to his cabin while we struggled to clear the deck of the unwanted brood.
A mechanical problem with the aft rigging caused us some brief delay in the afternoon but was eventually resolved. Played chess with first mate Albertson, winning one game each. He plays like a madman sacrificing pieces with such abandon that I lost the first joust looking for a strategy that was not there. Won the second easily using the defensive Spanish Torture opening which his uncultivated style was not capable of dealing with. He seemed less than comfortable with my drinking during the game and would himself not indulge. What a prudish man he is. We proceed towards Colombo making good time.

Wednesday 25.07.1877
Latitude: 03° 33’ north. Longitude: 77° 09’ east. Adjusted ship time: 10.10 pm. Wind direction & speed: west 262°. Light breeze. Precipitation & remarks: Light rainfall 27°.

Maintained speed and heading through the Laccadive Sea. Precipitation threatened all day and has finally arrived. A steady gust now carries us forward. Put in at Colombo this afternoon to unload and load a small amount of cargo. The British and their tea. A Sinhalese representative of the Municipal Council came on board the ship and thrashed about like he owned it; another jumped-up civil servant. We were docked for just a few hours and were about to depart when it was discovered that Miss Morelle was missing. I had specifically told the passengers at dinner that unauthorised shore leave was prohibited and was furious about her disregard for my orders. I sent Albertson ashore to search for the stupid woman and thankfully he found her soon enough. When they appeared back upon the gangway she ran to her cabin before I even had a chance to reprimand her. I decided to let the matter rest and we weighed anchor and set out again.
Progress continues steadily with little to report. I spent the evening reading Verne’s latest novel, which Miss Saint-Simon has leant me. I emptied a bottle of port so engrossed was I by the yarn.
Later: I was awoken by a most singular banging on the hull - a rhythmic vibrating sound like a colossal heart-beat. I went to investigate and discovered Swift dozing at his post. I will instruct Albertson to discipline him tomorrow. I could find no cause for the disturbance anywhere either above or below deck. It amazed me how the racket had not raised the entire ship. I’m unsure how to explain it but as I went about the vessel, somehow everything seemed changed to me; too unmoving and too hushed, like looking at a painting and not reality at all. Like a curtain had descended between me and the world.
Feeling irked and confused I was about to return to my cabin when I saw Miss Morelle standing at the aft bulwark staring out to sea. I approached her and enquired if she too had been woken by the noise. She turned and stared evenly at me and I could have sworn that a look of hatred passed across her face like a shadow. She claimed to have heard nothing and to have come on deck simply to take the air. I told her she was best advised to stay in her quarters during the night at which see grew upset and said she was quite capable of deciding for herself what to do and when. A most perplexing girl. I am returned below now where I find myself unable to sleep. I have a headache.

Thursday 26.07.1877
Latitude: 00° 19’ south. Longitude: 75° 55’ east. Adjusted ship time: 07.32 pm. Wind direction & speed: northwest 303°. Storm force 10. Precipitation & remarks: First whitecaps. Heavy rainfall 28°.

The Indian Ocean is unseasonably rough tonight. A storm has come up as if from nowhere and carries with it a most singular wind direction for these waters. Our speed and bearing are affected. We struggle through large waves with foam crests and spray accompanied by a continuous rainfall. Such strange conditions do nothing to calm my increasingly discordant nerves. I cannot account for it but I have felt skittish since waking from a capricious sleep this morning. My thoughts have being operating with unnatural intensity all day. At times, it almost feels as if they are not my thoughts at all. I hear a scarcely audible overlapping of whispers that follow me everywhere and speak in a tongue I am unfamiliar with and which scarcely sounds human. There is malevolence aboard my ship.
Later: Reading back on what I recorded tonight, I am afraid. I do not remember writing it. I am so confused. I lay down awhile and strange phantoms appeared in the ether around me. My bower was transformed into the hull of a vast iron galleon that stretched in every direction as far as I could see. And from a light-filled portal in this impenetrable membrane emerged a single emaciated African, shackled and leering. He told me to beware; that the crew had plans to murder me. Then his form began to alter and, before my eyes, he changed into some hideous segmented chelicerata: A colourless and base thing climbing onto the end of my bunk. I awoke terrified beyond words. Have I contracted a fever? I am surely unfit to command in such a state of mind. I confided in Albertson as much as I dared: saying only, I did not feel well and my nerves were on edge. He came here an hour ago and insisted I play some chess to distract myself from the melancholy that he felt was gripping me. What did he mean by that? He defeated me twice. I was too exhausted to concentrate.

Friday 27.07.1877
Latitude: 05° 13’ south. Longitude: 74° 24’ east. Storm continues. Driving rain.

This morning Albertson came to tell me our anemometer had broken. The feeling of foreboding that assaults me now is overpowering. Some baleful presence invades even our instruments it seems. And it is not just me who senses it. I saw the vacant, anxious faces of the crew as I went about the deck. Fear is everywhere. I slept restlessly again last night and dreamt of a dark menace grasping the ship and pulling it down into the vacant depths below. Some unseen evil is hunting us. I am sure of it. I stood at the bow this evening and stared into the darkness beyond: the dreadful void of howling winds and destructive currents. Some other less natural power is out there now as well, waiting for us. My minds eye sees nothing beyond our eventual ruin at its hands... And yet what is it?
My morbid reverie was interrupted by Miss Morelle. She asked me if I was feeling well I think. I noticed for the first time that her eyes are the strangest shade of grey and in my current state of mind it quite unnerved me. I cannot remember my reply and then found myself alone in my quarters without knowing how I’d gotten there. What the lady must think of my behaviour I cannot imagine. The ship has begun to roll violently. Waves are clearing the bulwarks and the cyclone drives us ever south. The headaches and voices grow with each passing minute, as if their source draws nearer. God help us all.

Saturday 28.07.1877

I no longer trust any of the readings our instruments furnish and so will not record them. We are tacking west against the prevailing storm. I have handed control of the ship over to first mate Albertson. My final order as captain was to impose a curfew and instruct that nobody is to enter my cabin under any circumstances. Albertson swore to fight through the storm to get me to a port and medical attention. If only he knew the truth: That the bête noir that threatens our very existence is skulking in wait somewhere along the course ahead. My secret evening vigils looking out to sea should have begun sooner for a greater watchfulness was required. However, it’s too late now. I have brought all relevant maps and charts to my quarters to study for I feel the attack is imminent. Perhaps by analysing our projected route I can garner some clue as to its likely location and guise.
Later: Albertson came and spoke to me through the cabin door. It appears the ship is taking on water between decks and it has reached a depth of three and a half feet in the hold. He said navigation was impossible under current conditions and that we were in effect adrift. He returned later and told me we had only one operable pump remaining. The ship was pitching with such violence that I could not stand up. From my bunk I advised him to take the longboat and abandon the ship. He said he would not. The voices tell me to follow a trail of sulphur. What can that mean?

Sunday

All through the night, it felt as though I was coming under the control of some dreadful thing. A creature that uses the human form as a veil, to hid its own dreadful visage. Each passing hour brings me more within its remit and yet I am powerless to escape. I will soon no longer be myself.
Later: I can hear nothing of the crew now but I dare not leave to investigate the silence. The storm continues to rage and from my porthole I can see twenty-foot high waves. My compass is giving fearful bearings. The needle spins wildly and will not settle. Only one thing can stop this now. It has told me to maintain a continuous dead reckoning plot. Then take two star observations at morning twilight for a goodly fix and determine the compass error by azimuth observation of the sun and finally run a noontime determination of the days run and the days set and drift - as it knows I was trained to do.
I am almost it now, unbeholden to this corporeal form. No one here is capable of understanding my transmogrification. I would be as well explaining it to the bulwark as to them. I will abandon the crew to die when Cerberus finally leads me to the black gates.




FOUR

The journal of Sarah Elizabeth Morelle travelling on board the RMS Bhangarh from Madras to Port Elizabeth (22.07.1877 – 29.07.1877)

A new adventure is under way. Its juvenile I know but I feel much like Captain Grant of The Britannia. Of course, I am sad to be leaving India: it’s the only home I’ve ever known and if at times my father made it a constricted appointment in which to grow up he did so only out of love. To be educated in a place of such wonderful history and culture has advanced my particular interests greatly. And above all India has yielded that remarkable find which will bring me the respect of the entire archaeological world.
I am now set to return to England; a homeland that I’ve never seen and feel no connection to at all. My father has insisted for years that I leave India reasoning that every man there is either an adventurer or a drunk, and thus unsuitable as a husband. My complete disinterest in marriage never once deterred him from his plan. And so arrangements are in place for me to reside in Bath with my maternal aunt who will, upon my arrival, immediately set about the task of procuring me a adequate man before then ensuring that I buckle down to a life of ennui and domestic servitude. I successfully resisted all such efforts at relocation for many years but this summer my fathers patience finally expired and, declaring that twenty five years of age was quite old enough for a girl to remain unmarried, he immediately began to make all the arrangements. I knew that protestation was futile and so instead set myself to more fruitful machinations. Chief among them was securing his permission to break my journey home with a period of six months in Africa during the course of which I am to join my uncle at the Nyasa mission. Following this hiatus, I am to continue as planned to Portsmouth. Naturally, I have no interest in converting the natives of the Rift Valley but the opportunity for geological and anthropological study there is so immense that I expertly feigned a newfound evangelicalism.  It was good of my father to allow it. He’s not a bad man - rather he is, like all his peers, simply an old-fashioned one.
~
Now that I am brooding upon personal rather than scientific matters I feel like continuing. Let me state that my early life was sullied by several tragedies, the worst of which was the death of my older sister Charlotte when I was just ten years old. She was the centre of my father’s world and after her passing he went from benign patriarch to surly oppressor. He threw himself into the occult in a futile attempt to find an explanation for such dark misfortune. As if there could be any reason for the death of a child other than an indifferent universe. He became convinced that one of the natives working on the plantation had put a curse on us and for a time we, in turn, were convinced he would be driven mad by his grief. However, as the years wore on he gradually grew to accept that some things were beyond his control and instead put his energies into more earthly endeavours like making money.
Other, less extreme, misfortunes also blighted my youth. At fourteen years of age, I was overcome by a strange fever that lasted several months and nearly killed me. I remembered very little of the illness afterwards except for the series of vivid hallucinations it produced; singular creatures would emerge from the walls to converse with me upon all manner of propositions. These things did not frighten me because I knew them for what they were. Even after I recovered, I sometimes spoke to these imaginary things as I lay awake at night. They were the friends I never had.
It was during my recuperation from the fever that I realised my one true passion lay in study; in the pursuit and attainment of knowledge. It was the only thing that mattered and I became obsessed with it.
~
This morning my father, mother and Jonathon left me to the docks where after much crying and hysterics, I boarded the Royal Mail Ship Bhangarh bound for Merry Old England by way of the Cape. Mother was drunk, Father was stoical and Jonathon was disinterested: A neat synopsis of what shall be my abiding memories of each. Upon boarding the first mate Richard Albertson greeted me cordially before showing me to my quarters. He is a striking man of six foot who impressed me greatly by not engaging in banal talk, something, which I had become convinced, was as natural to the male sex as superciliousness and aggression. My room is quite sufficient, small and sparse with a bunk and a writing desk. Thankfully, Albertson made no unnecessary attempt to apologise for the exiguousness of the accommodation but simply left me to settle in. From my deck-side porthole, I watched the stevedores loading cases of tea and sacks of mail onto the ship and felt freer than I had in my entire life.
~
We departed Madras yesterday in the early afternoon. I stood up on deck watching the Shrine of St. Thomas recede and waved to the little children on the quayside who gloomily followed our progress, more from ritual than out of any real interest. I was very nervous when we got out to sea, realising, I suppose, that there was no turning back. First Mate Albertson then introduced me to the other two passengers on board. They are the elderly German, Herr Dreireicher and his French companion, Mademoiselle Saint-Simon. I noticed the lady holding a copy of “Le tour du monde en quatre-vingts jours” which indicates a rare taste in adventure for a lady and gives me cause for optimism regarding her character. We three were then presented to the other officers who were all immediately forgettable except for Captain Feldner, a middle-aged American who looks like he was hewn from a batholith. He was somewhat cold and dismissive and simply wished me a pleasant voyage before disappearing down the main hatch like Alice down the rabbit hole. Albertson also excused himself and went about his work, leaving me to muse upon his polite reserve. There is to be an introductory dinner for passengers and officers this evening at eight o’clock where I will no doubt learn more.
~
Dinner was a most fascinating affair. Admittedly Herr Dreireicher and Mademoiselle Saint-Simon talked without end or discernable purpose regarding the latest war in Europe but at least the captain turned out to be rather engaging in that uncivilised way that his people have. I occupied both him and his first mate in a most esoteric conversation concerning the pertinent maritime issues of our day, no doubt surprising them with my erudite opinions upon such manly affairs. I have learnt to speak to men on their own terms thanks to my father’s insistence that I be included in all plantation affairs. Mr Whitehead, the second mate, was a darling and informed me that our equatorial crossing should occur on Wednesday. I have several interesting ferromagnetic experiments planed for the transit from north to south and he assured me I will be informed as we approach great circle.
As usual, I felt obliged to retire just as the conversation was becoming interesting. But no matter, I couldn’t be happier than I am tonight, with the heady prospect of exploration and adventure in the months ahead to employ me. Albertson accompanied me to my cabin and wished me good night.
~
An explanation now perhaps regarding my current area of study and how it led me to my prize. Although my interests are numerous, they are invariably anchored in the scientific. When I am occupied by something cultural, it is with the eye of the anthropologist and not the artist. And so it is with the issue that currently consumes me: the origins of Vedic civilisation and, more specifically, of the Sanskrit language. My curiosity in this area was first piqued by a most singular object that has recently come into my possession and of which I shall record more later.
Naturally, in my pursuit of the subject I have plundered anything I could find by Sir William Jones, still regarded as the eminent authority in the field. His eloquent description of the Sanskrit language resonates like poetry with me... “more perfect than Greek, more copious than Latin, and more exquisitely refined than either, yet bearing to both of them a stronger affinity... than could possibly have been produced by accident; so strong, indeed, that no philosopher could examine all three, without believing them to have sprung from some common source which perhaps no longer exists.” [Editors note: Morelle is quoting here from Sir William Jones’ famous philologer passage to the Asiatic Society in 1786. R.M.] It is the quest for this root language and, more importantly, its place of origin that most intrigues me.
Friedrich Schlegel, the famous German linguist has recently proposed the idea that all of the main body of European languages are derived from Sanskrit. His theory has outraged the establishment who find the possibility of European culture being beholden to the darker skinned peoples of India as unthinkable. They have countered that although Sanskrit may indeed be the root of English, German, Spanish and French, perhaps it does not owe it’s own existence to the current indigenous population of the sub-continent at all but to some as yet unknown earlier race who could have migrated from Western Asia, perhaps somewhere around the Black Sea, before splitting into two distinct groups and eventually settling in India and Europe at a later date.
Although such a race could have existed, I can find no archaeological facts whatsoever to suggest that they did. Even a cursory reading of the Hymns of the Rigveda demonstrates to me that the Vedic-speaking population were in no way intrusive to the Harappan or Indus Valley areas. As far as I am concerned, the theory is without basis in fact and is instead simply one of racial and cultural bias. Looked at objectively and without prejudice it becomes clear that we Europeans own a great cultural debt to this forgotten tribe of the Indus and I intend to prove as much to the world.
My interpretation is that the Vedic heritage of Northern India has been greatly miscalculated, misunderstood and under-appreciated. The light of Vedic knowledge burned brightly in India long ago, before eventually spreading west into Persia and Europe. I feel certain that if I could prove that the Rig Vedic civilisation’s presence in the Indus predated all of European history, which I believe it does, then the world would have to except the truth. And so last month, knowing I would soon be leaving forever, I persuaded Father to let me visit the area to search for artefacts. He insisted Jonathon accompany me but that was fine; he occupied himself hunting and carousing while I visited some of the innumerable sites of archaeological significance in the region. I have recorded elsewhere in detail everything that I found there: pottery, weapons, coins; all manner of Vedic antiquities and evidence of their enterprise, and I am in the process of writing a formal paper on my dig which I plan to submit to the British Museum upon my arrival in London. There is one object that I have yet to catalogue however. As irrational as it sounds, to commit its existence to official record frightens me. For, in truth, such a thing should not exist.
I found it on the final day of my excavation at a site in the Saraswati, an ancient dried up riverbed that snakes it way dispassionately through the region. I’d already made several interesting discoveries and was returning with them to our camp when there it was, the tiniest corner of something protruding from the dry earth and glinting coyly in the sun. I bent to investigate and sensed at once something unspeakable: An object with a dark spiteful menace radiating from it. As a scientist, it galls me to write such claptrap but that is the best description I can offer. Despite my foreboding however, I began carefully to coax it from where it had lain hidden for so long - to abandon the thing was impossible. It did not take long to excavate and once it was retrieved, I hurried back, leaving my other finds lying there in the dirt. They seemed wretched now in light of this new marvel and I lost all interest in them. It was a stupid, unprofessional thing to do but I was not thinking clearly at the time. Back in my tent, I waited until I was sure everyone was asleep before undertaking an examination of what I can only describe as a repository of some kind. Here is my brief description written at the time.
It is a cube - each face measuring approximately seven inches square - constructed of a hard, dull-white metal I cannot identify and covered on five of its six sides with an extremely early form of Vedic Sanskrit that dates it, as far as I am concerned, to at least five hundred BC. My initial attempts at translation struck an impasse. Although I recognised at once the characters, something about the syntax seemed wrong. It speaks of mahasamparka (a great contact), yudh (an invasion), chaayaa (a shadowy image) and dvaaravartman (a portal) and reads more like Sun Tzu than a Hindu prayer. On the sixth side are runic characters I do not recognise and also four rotating concentric plates the central one of which is engraved with a hideous spider-like creature. Rings within rings. I have gingerly tried to pry it open but some mechanism within holds the lid firmly in place. What this singular devise was built to house I have no idea but the enigma of its purpose is nothing compared to the intrinsic practicalities of the thing. Such metallurgical craft was beyond any ever attributed to the period. It is an object out of its own time. I cannot deny that during that first investigation, it disturbed me greatly to handle and so I hid it away, wrapped in a towel and placed in the bottom of a trunk. And there it remained, undisturbed, even after we returned to Madras. [Editors note: It is my conviction that, despite any formal training, Morelle was a formidable anthropological scholar and that her intuitive misgivings regarding the artifact were sound. And if her translations are correct it is a strong indication that the entirety of these documents presents something more than I once ineptly assumed. R.M.]
I then set about finding an individual who could tell me more. I expected someone from London or Bombay but the name who was on everyone’s lips that had an interest in the area was a Spaniard called Diego Escarabajo: a world famous dealer in antiquities based in Colombo in Ceylon. The very port we dock at tomorrow. I believe he is the only man who can tell me what the object is and although the captain has instructed us never to leave the ship I intend to do just that and seek him out.
On several occasions since finding it, I have stolen a fleeting glimpse of my treasure but nothing more. Sometimes I feel a great panic gripping my chest and I can’t breathe until I have checked that it’s where I left it. Of course, it always is and yet invariably I feel surprised - as if I have no right to such a thing and that at any moment, the past might realign itself in order to ensure it never came into my possession at all.  I have wished all my life to discovery something of magnitude - a Rosetta Stone of India - and yet I fear now to take the final steps. How can something that shines so brightly engender such dark thoughts?
This morning I stood up on deck for hours as we passed along Adams Bridge, the wonderful archipelago of islands that link India to Ceylon. I thought about my find and wondered if Señor Escarabajo might be able to open it and perhaps discern its purpose. Sometimes the world is so full of beauty and of horror.
Later some ragged boats pulled alongside and a group of Tamil children climbed aboard to sell us fruit and trinkets. I bought a glass necklace from a gummy rascal who assured me in broken English that it was made from citrine. It sits now on my bedside locker. I am writing to distract myself from thinking about tomorrow.
~
What a strange and disturbing day. This morning we docked at Colombo. Hidden by the bustle of the stevedores carrying out their chores I slipped away unnoticed. With my prize wrapped securely under one arm, I dashed through the muggy laneways of the city towards the premises I sought, using as a guide the rudimentary map I’d stolen from my father’s library. It felt odd to be on dry land again and I was always aware of the glowering locals; dozens of eyes following my progress from darkened doorways as I moved hesitantly through the sleepy, labyrinthine streets. I stopped at a stall selling spices and fruit and attempted to confirm if I was on the right path but the emaciated crone working there could speak no English and, giving up, I wandered aimlessly on instead.
My head was spinning from the humidity and grime of the place and I had begun to think myself hopelessly lost when suddenly amid the road side stalls and local effluvium I saw a sign above an innocuous looking doorway that read:

Señor Diego Escarabajo
Collector

Here was the expert who would confirm my interpretation of the mysterious object! I gingerly approached and tested the door. It gave inward with a creak that was suggestive of prolonged disuse. Taking a deep breath I entered the cool and gloomy interior.
The cubicle in which I found myself was small and cramped. Or maybe it was the profusion of objects within it that made it seem that way. Every available space was piled high with books and bric-a-brac. Ornate escritoires and dusty tapestries fought for attention with gilded chess boards and shimmering lamps. I had never in my life seen such innumerable wonders in so confined a space; and in the middle of all this magnificent mess sat a bearded old man. He was studying a large leather bound volume reproduction of The Voynich Manuscript. He had a shock of silver hair and in the half light his skin possessed a peculiar grayish hue. As I entered he squinted up at me over his pince-nez which sat precariously on the very tip of his long aquiline nose. For the longest time neither of us said anything. He seemed to be studying me in a way that made me very uncomfortable. Something in his manner reminded me of the spider regarding the fly that has become entangled in the sticky gossamer of his web. Then he spoke and asked me in perfect English what it was he could do for me.
“I have an object I should like you to look at.” I answered. “But please be assured however that I am no dilettante and am all too aware of the extremely rare nature of what it is I possess.”
“Well I am sure you have my full attention Señorita.” He said. “Please be seated and I will be of what service I can.” And here he sounded so sweet and frail that I began, in my own mind, to repent for my initial unease. His eyes sparkled as he gestured me to the miniature oak cathedra beside his desk which doubled as the only other usable seat in the room. From this position I looked all around at the treasure trove of antiquities within the store. There almost seemed to be too many twinkling and shining objet d’art for the space in which they were contained - as if the place were an interesting optical illusion that existing only on the page of some strange book. When I looked back at Señor Escarabajo I felt very calm. His small grey eyes seemed as bottomless as two wells and, looking into them, I suddenly felt like I was observing the whole scene from afar. I took out what I’d brought, unwrapped it carefully from its protective cloth, and set it down on the desk.
Then a strange thing happened. For the briefest of moments, the Sanskrit inscriptions seemed to distort into meaningless scratchings. The plates that had earlier rotated now appeared fused to the whole. Even the engraving of that fearful arachnid seemed altered. I picked it up and examined it more closely and it seemed to me nothing more than a wretched curio. I shook myself and the moment passed. The object was as it had always been. My pulse was racing by now and I had the most frightful headache.
Señor Diego Escarabajo smiled strangely and exclaimed, “Why I haven’t seen one of these since my youth in India. The artisans of the Indus sometimes made them to sell to the Dutch and the British. Some of them were quite pretty although I am afraid the workmanship on this one is a little inferior. Still it is indeed a nice thing. A tin and copper alloy I would guess and from the lack of oxidation not more than fifty years old?”
The thing was now being turned disinterestedly in the Spaniards wrinkled hands while he continued to speak. However, I was no longer listening. Occasionally I glanced up at those eyes and every time I did, he was looking at me and not the box. I felt like I was drifting away from the scene, in the way that one does from consciousness at the end of a long day.
Then all at once, some primal mechanism deep within me spun out. I stood and grabbed the device from Escarabajo’s grasp. His avuncular demeanour disappeared. What manner of hypnotism was this rogue perpetrating? I took a step back and his expression changed again, his eyes suddenly filling with a fathomless malevolence at the realisation I was not under his inveigling dominion. He dove across the desk towards me with covetous agility while I stumbled backwards towards the door leaving him prostrate. He clambered to his feet and I turned and fled for the exit. As I passed the window and made my escape, the shops interior inexplicably seemed to me transformed into a dirty hovel, filled with worthless, broken-down detritus. I ran as quickly as I could but ladies apparel is not designed for speed and I stumbled and fell hopelessly along the street. Looking back, I saw Escarabajo emerging from his store and scurrying after me. People were appearing from doorways to start their working day and they observed the scene with a strange mixture of indifference and fear, standing back from the madman’s path as he pursued me. He was gaining ground and I felt certain I would be caught and apprehended when, from out of nowhere, first mate Albertson appeared and I fell fainting into his arms. The poor man was quite at a loss as to what was occurring. He sat me on the ground and gave me a nip of rum from his flask. We were surrounded at once by the previously unhelpful locals who now jabbered and pointed earnestly. When I sat up, I saw Escarabajo at the rear of the jostling crowd, craning his neck for a better view of proceedings. I covered my eyes at the sight of him, so distorted with rage was his countenance. And when I looked again he was gone.  I implored Albertson to take me back to the Bhangarh as quickly as possible which he did. I glanced back several times as we went but Escarabajo did not seem to follow. 
~
When I returned to the ship a short time later the captain gave me a disapproving look. It seemed he had sent his first mate to find me and I thank God that he did. I felt terribly guilty and wanted to apologise but instead I simply went to my cabin. I lay on my bunk for several minutes before inspecting again the object that had caused the entire furor. Its surface glowed with a dull vibrancy in the candlelight and I was again consumed with an eagerness to discover its secrets. A dark shroud now grips my heart. What manner of thing is it? Moreover, what manner of person was Escarabajo? Had he attempted to hypnotise me? Why was he so determined to gain possession of the artefact? And perhaps most worryingly of all, how much of what had transpired had been a product of my imagination? I doubted everything, even myself. My reverie was interrupted when Whitehead knocked to inform me that we were to cross the equator in an hour’s time. His rap quite startled me and I fear I was short with him. The ferromagnetic experiments I had planned for the crossing seem so childish now.
~
Later I went up on deck to clear my head. I stood looking dully down into the black depths like a helpless child. The moonlight on the ocean moved with an unnatural grace that filled me with horror. It lapped across the waves like a living thing probing and testing as it went. I was roused from my introspection by Captain Feldner speaking. He startled me and I felt an aberrant rush of odium. A deep hatred for myself, for him, and for everything else in this frightening and singular world of ours. He asked me if I was well and I assured him I was before making an excuse and returning to my cabin. I have hidden the mysterious device away and spent several hours looking out at the night and feeling strangely empty and without substance. It is helpful now to commit the events of this bizarre day to paper. The act of recording has somehow made them less real.
~
I slept late into the afternoon and awoke feeling somewhat better. Lying in bed, I read through what I’d written in my journal for yesterday. The whole thing seems so dreamlike and aerial now. Did it really happen as I described it? I dressed and forced myself up on deck to take the air. With each passing minute, my strength improved. I know what happened is inexplicable. I feel sure that the artefact is possessed of some dark power but what exactly it is I dare not guess. Perhaps it is better not to speculate or to probe. This was an admission, which would normally infuriate me: To be content in ignorance.  Nevertheless, I must accept that there are things that are better left unexplained. I looked out to sea, took a very deep breath and decided that life was good and it was wise not to question it too enthusiastically for fear of unearthing something deep and corrupt that might prove otherwise. I will keep the artefact hidden until I get to England. Only there will it be possible to investigate further.
~
By early evening, we had a more pressing problem. The weather had changed abruptly and waves several metres high now threw us about like a cork on a stream. We were advised by Albertson to stay below in our cabins until the storm had passed. Later, while it still raged, he called upon me to see if I was well. I assured he I was and had suffered through far more than capricious weather conditions of late. I apologised for the events of the previous day and tried to explain but he insisted that no explanation was required. He then asked if he could sit with me a while and speak candidly. I hardly knew how to reply and before I could, he had taken his place and begun to relate what vexed him. He confided a fear that Captain Feldner was mentally unwell.
“His behaviour today has been so... odd,” he stated, “that I have been quite at a loss as to how to proceed. You see this is my first commission with the captain and I worry perhaps that I am over-reacting to what could simply be an old seaman’s eccentricities. I dare not confide my concerns to Mr. Whitehead because he and the captain are friends, but I tell you truthfully Miss Morelle that the ship is under the command of a stranger today. I look into Mr. Feldner’s eyes and do not see a man in control of his faculties. I see only chaos.”
Here poor Albertson fell silent for a while and I was about to reassure him when he continued, “I am sorry to burden a lady with such matters but I couldn’t think of who else to turn to. I see a vigour in you that gives me the courage to speak.”
Taking his hand, I assured him of my fidelity and assistance, while inwardly wishing he would leave. After the adventures of yesterday I did not care for the way his conversation was leading. After a brief silence my fears were realised. He expressed his gratitude profusely before making a bumbling attempt to kiss me. Men are such idiots when they fall in love, which I fear he has. He is a handsome enough fellow but I am hardly interested by that kind of thing. I confided that although I thought greatly of him it was not an expedient time to begin a liaison.
~
Conditions on-board continue to deteriorate. The violent and relentless rolling of the ship has left me confined to my cabin, feeling ill. Even to write seems an impossible task in the constantly shaking environment that has become our lives. Outside my porthole, the squall spits and hisses without ever seeming to tire. The meal Albertson brought me earlier still lies untouched on my bedside locker. He called in the afternoon and confided that his fears regarding the captain have continued to grow. Upon reporting the failure of several of the ships instruments, he found the American disinterested and unresponsive. Poor Albertson is at a loss as to how to proceed and it seems the other officers are of no help to him at all, preferring instead to pretend that nothing is amiss. He has seriously considered taking command of the vessel. We sat a while in silence and I could think of nothing meaningful with which to break it. We find ourselves in a most severe situation it seems. How has everything so suddenly and heinously altered?
~
The nightmare continues. Captain Feldner has handed command of the Bhangarh over to Albertson. It seems his erratic behaviour has been due to a tropical fever and now it falls to Richard, as he insists I call him, to steer the ship through this most bloody of tempests. I accompanied him below as he inspected the damage to the hull. We have begun to take on water and the pumps are too weak to contain the deluge. It infuriates me how little I can do to help. The crew are a pathetic lot and of no assistance at all, preferring to drink in the galley now that the captain has locked himself away and ship’s hierarchy has broken down. When we were returned to my cabin Richard closed the door and said, “I do not wish to alarm you Miss Morelle but be in no doubt that the ship is in severe difficulty. I am a rogue to burden a stranger with such weighty matters but I judge you to be the equal of any officer I have every known and the superior of most...”
I interrupted him and insisting I would be of whatever aid I could in his increasingly difficult mission. I could no longer ignore the dire predicament in which we find ourselves. He left renewed, determined to activate the crew and steer us to safety.
~
What a night we have spent. I fear the ship is doomed. If the hellish weather outside does not destroy us then mutiny surely will. The crew are in uproar and the officers nowhere to be seen. Richard alone struggles on to save us. He has confided to me that the ship is now adrift and at the capricious mercy of the storm. He then insisted that I move to Herr Dreireicher and Mademoiselle Saint-Simon’s cabin and that we all stay there until he returns. And so we three sit now without a word as I write. The situation has quietened even the invariably ebullient German.
Someone large is pacing relentlessly above our heads. Who can be up on deck in such weather? We all sit in silence and try to avoid each other’s gaze. The thing above has stopped moving... Now it paces in the passageway outside, a noise like some great heart endlessly beating and beating... It is coming for us, I can sense it...




FIVE

Lloyd’s of London marine-insurance underwriters report (01.10.1877)

Filing Clerk: Thomas Gammelgaard
Ships name: Bhangarh.
Previous names: None known.
Call sign: R.M.S. (Royal mail ship).
Captain or masters name: Augustus Feldner.
Voyage from and to: Madras to Portsmouth.
Date of loss: Sunday 29 July 1877.
Location of loss: 06° south latitude. 72° east longitude (approx and last known).
Type of loss: Destroyed in storm.
Ship type: Brigantine 3 mast.
Three cargo references: Mail, tea, ambergris.
Port of registry: Birkenhead, England.
Flag: British ensign.
Owner: Royal Navy.
Shipbuilder: Fyodor Bros.
Construction: Reinforced wooden hull.
Where built: Spencer Island, Nova Scotia.
Year built: 1866.
Method of propulsion: Mixed steam and sail.
Horse power: 1200 hp.
Boilers: Twin Jaffrey steam boilers.
Length: 103 feet.
Beam: 22 feet.
Tonnage: 270 tonnes.
Armament: Minimum gun.
Number of crew: 9 (nine).
Number of passengers: 3 (three).
Number of crew lost: 8 (eight).
Number of passengers lost: 3 (three).
Total persons lost: 11 (eleven).
Total persons saved: 1 (one).

See statement attached.

Extract from statement of sole survivor (First mate Richard Albertson) reads as follows: [Editors note: As stated in section 3, the journals of Morelle and Captain Feldner were saved by the only survivor of the sinking of the Bhangarh, namely her first mate Richard Albertson. Quite how he managed to preserve these documents and why he kept their existence a secret is not known. They were found among his possessions when he died in 1888. R.M.]

...That day we sailed leeward of a rocky archipelago just after sunrise. It was not shown on the charts, probably because of its insignificant size, and I remember thinking that perhaps there are still discoveries to be made after all, even if they are but small ones. We would see no more land for some time, the wind was rising and ship’s functions were presenting more of a challenge. At last, we were getting some real sailing. The crew afforded us no issues to speak of. They were all decent men.
However, the same could not be said in good faith of Captain Feldner. Even now, with the knowledge of the tragedy that was to befall us, I feel it is my duty to history to record my misgivings regarding the American. Not long after embarkation he began to develop a depressive disposition that was unusual in the extreme. Often I would find him simply staring out to sea when there was much to be done. His eyes had a faraway look, which troubled me because I had seen it in men before - during my military service against the Afghan hoards.
As the days passed, more and more inexplicable events occurred. One by one, our ships instruments became unreliable before eventually breaking altogether. Sails ripped and rigging came away when barely a breeze stirred the air. We even began to take on water in the lower hold. However, these subsequent problems – each in itself cause enough to turn the ship around – did not move Captain Feldner. Whenever I would go to his cabin – where he was by now spending most of his time – to report the latest mystery he would simply shrug it off and order me to continue upon the course he had laid out. As his habits grew ever more eccentric I confess contemplating that unspeakable sin of seafaring: open mutiny - to relieve my commanding officer of his post. In the midst of all this chaos, my only solace was Miss Sarah Elizabeth Morelle, one of the ships passengers. She was a woman of strength and sagacity and as unusual as it may sound she became my closest ally on board the ship. We discussed the ongoing situation and I told her that if it continued any longer I should be left with little choice as to what course of action to employ. She was a great comfort to me for I was beginning to realise that the other officers and the crew were an insipid lot and I was isolated in my desire for action. As a gentleman, I hesitate to relate it but Sarah Elizabeth and I fell very much in love.
Soon enough the labyrinthine nature of Captain Feldner’s insanity could no longer be steered by his stoical first mate. I endeavoured to illustrate to him that his mind was damaged and before being required to act I insisted he hand control of the ship over to me and my fellow officers. The poor man was feverish and delusional by then and was babbling about spirits and demons. To compound matters we had also encountered a major storm and were taking on so much water that the ship had begun to list violently. In these final hours I strived alone to save the vessel. Let the record show that the crew fell upon our supplies of rum and gave up all hope. My efforts at maintaining discipline proved to be unavailing and even the cutlass could not enforce it. Fearing now both a drunken crew and a vengeful storm I billeted Miss Morelle with our two other passengers and instructed them to answer the door only to me.
I had just returned below for a final futile effort with the pumps (by now the water level was up to my waist) when I heard a scream coming from up on deck. The cry was a woman’s and I immediately thought of Sarah Elizabeth. Wading through the swirling deluge that had overpowered the lower deck (it seemed an insufferably difficult job, all the while listening to the dreadful cries above) I eventually made the loop and sprinted through the now silent lower deck before ascending through the main hatch and lurching drunkenly into the open air. Several of the crew were running about the ship in a mindless fashion. Rain and wind assailed us from above and waves smashed us from below. Then I heard the scream again and turned to see its source.
A woman who looked like Miss Morelle (I will never be certain if it was; the visibility was so poor and she was so far away; and also something in her carriage seemed different from how I remembered it) was standing bolt upright at the very tip of the bowsprit with her arms outstretched, as if imploring the elements for mercy. My blood ran cold however when I realised she was not pleading at all; she was pointing. She was shouting and pointing at the landmass that had suddenly appeared from the mist directly ahead of us: A jagged escarpment of looming rock that was racing forward at a bewildering speed. I had not even time to grab a guide line before we crashed headlong into the atoll and I was thrown to the deck with such force that I remember little else with any lucidity.
I was underwater for what seemed like an impossibly long time and felt a warmth enter my body as I drifted ever deeper into the black depths of the ocean. I looked about, taking everything in; I was drowning with inexplicably calm. Closing my eyes I waited for death to take me. Then without realising what it was I was doing, I had grabbed hold of something large, which was dragging me up to the surface. Higher and higher it took me, until eventually I broke from the water atop a huge length of bulwark: flotsam perhaps from the Bhangarh, and gasped ragged, grateful lungfuls of air.
All around was debris from the shipwreck but not a single survivor could be seen. Nor indeed was there any indication of the mysterious landmass upon which our craft had met its demise. The storm had passed and visibility improved but I could still perceive nothing between myself and the horizon except the shattered remnants of the ship. Falling into a stupor I let the current take my makeshift raft where it deigned. I was too tired to care.
The rest of the story is already known within the public domain. I was picked up several days later by a Japanese trading vessel and delivered by them to the nearest port of Diego Garcia. No other survivors were ever found from the disaster. Having no idea how far I had drifted or even where exactly the Japanese ship had found me I was unable to give the Admiralty a definite location in which to search...




SIX

A letter written by Señor Diego Escarabajo to the Abecedary (26.07.1877)

[Editors note: This singular item is the most recent addition to the Sulfuro Bhangarh Manuscripts. While on a visit to Ceylon last year I took the opportunity to check the veracity of S.E. Morelle’s account of her time in Colombo. To that end, I sought out the premises of Señor Diego Escarabajo as recounted in S.E.M.’s first maritime journal. I found it much as she had described, although it is now under the ownership of Escarabajo’s widow, he having passed away in 1900. Señora Escarabajo was most helpful and permitted me full access to the deceased’s personal effects. Among them I found this letter which references his meeting with S.E.M. It is never made clear who the “Abecedary” referred to in the letter is and Señora Escarabajo could shed no light upon the matter. Nor did she know anything about the cryptic “apparatus” mentioned. She did inform me, however, that her husband was an eccentric man and given to unusual flights of fancy concerning demons and succubi. It can be seen that the artifact S.E.M. discovered in the Indus valley was known to Escarabajo as a “necrorot”. I have never been able to find a single reference to such an object in any independent source material. A surreal explanation however shall be presented later within these documents, suggesting why Escarabajo and the Abecedary found it so compelling. Since this letter was handwritten it is unclear to me whether it was unsent or instead was a copy of an original which was. It is translated here from the Spanish. R.M.]

I have news Abecedary - news of the necrorot. Imagine my euphoria when, after all these long years, the very devise you instructed me to locate, appeared unbidden, upon my own counter; brought to this very store by a young women, possessing no idea whatsoever of its power. I had it in my grasp Abecedary - only for it to be rough-housed away by a loathsome, press-ganged mob. But even the briefest view of the device confirmed everything you told me; command and beauty radiated from every atom of it. I understand now the reason for our long search.
The woman was English and called herself Morel. I cannot be sure of details because my excitement at the sight of the object drove all rational considerations from my mind. Please believe me Abecedary that I tried everything in my ability to obtain it for you - even violence. Morel had a basic grounding in archaeology and was unreceptive to my attempts at deception. Damn her eyes! I even tried the subconscious methods you so munificently taught me, but my powers are pitiful compared to yours Abecedary.
Eventually I resorted to taking the object by force. And I had it, Abecedary - but Morel was not alone. Half a dozen toughs forced their way into my store and took her and the object with them. I fought them tooth and nail but there were too many for me. I beg forgiveness Abecedary. But all is not lost. I followed Morel and her cohorts back to a ship and there, I made enquiries. She is bound for England - a voyage which will take her through the Indian Ocean and past the nechima itself! The ship left this morning. The vessels name is the Bhangarh, Abecedary, and it is headed straight for you, on a southerly bearing. By my calculations it will be at its closest in three days time, on the 29th of July.
In all the long years since you visited me, I have had nothing to report except rumour and speculation and I knew not to trouble you with such details. I remember well how to communicate this message, though I scarcely understand it. I have kept the apparatus safe beneath a floorboard in my office. It is covered with a film of dust an inch thick but I shall set this sheet of paper within it and proceed as you instructed me Abecedary. I am your faithful servant, always.




SEVEN

The second journal of Sarah Elizabeth Morelle (circa 1878)

[Editors note: Morelle’s second (or island) journal, together with all the related documents she herself discovered and which follow this one, were excavated at the dwelling site designated A-2 by the White City archaeological expedition in the summer of 1921. R.M.]

Omnibus humani a me alienum puto. [Editors note: This is the first of three Latin inscriptions in Morelle’s island journal. It translates as “Everything human is alien to me”. R.M.]

It has often seemed an eternity but what actual period of time has passed I do not know. [Editors note: From examining the records it seems likely that Morelle had been shipwrecked for less than a year at this point. R.M.] Now I have a pencil and a composition book I am resolved at last to record all that has happened to me in this wretched place. Whoever may read these words please do not take them for the ramblings of a lunatic: a tragic woman forced into isolation and driven mad by it. I am weary yes, but quite lucid and everything I write is the truth. Although if I am honest with myself before beginning I already realise that nobody will ever read my account. Rather the already half rotting pages on which I write will, over the years, disintegrate into dust and be lost forever. And if at some indeterminate point in the future this place is ever charted and explored then the only evidence of my presence here will be my bleached bones half buried upon a hillside: Another perplexing mystery, to add to those already here, for some ardent anthropologist to decipher.
My life had been marked from the beginning by all sorts of unnatural occurrences, which I would rather not relate anew, convinced as I am now that somehow each of them was a portent for the miserable dénouement that was to follow. I am certain I was the witness to something evil aboard the Bhangarh: a sequence of tragedies that ultimately led to me sitting here outside Kirillov’s cabin writing this treatise now. At times I have assumed this chain of events to be inevitable but perhaps if something small had been undertaken differently I would be in England now: a respectable married woman, everything I once stupidly despised but alive at least. Instead, I am an apparition: Eurydice in Hades, cursed forever to wander this lonely isle, clinging to life only through a desperate dread of what might lie beyond it.
~
Firstly, I must go back to the beginning. Every history has an arbitrary opening and this one would see the narrator rousing herself from unconsciousness upon the eastern side of this island having been spewed forth by the ocean. I had been travelling on board the RMS Bhangarh from Madras to Port Elizabeth when that vessel met with difficulty.  Some days out from Ceylon, a potent storm had risen up and we were thrown about awhile before finally being dashed against a rocky outcrop and sinking. When the Bhangarh met her demise, I was up on deck having been driven there from below by an inexplicable sense of anxiety. I was convinced something unnatural was coming for me and I had to get away. Madame Saint-Simon and Herr Dreireicher, the people with whom I was sharing a cabin, implored me not to open the door but I ignored them and made my way outside, climbing through the main hatch and up into the howling wind and rain. I think I was screaming. It is impossible to relate the terror that was gripping the entire ship. Rationale had been displaced. The crew were out of their minds with panic and I felt as threatened by their wide-eyed directionlessness as I did by the murderous storm. Only half aware, I staggered towards the bowsprit; I think with the frantic intention of jumping into the sea. But when I got there, I saw those jagged rocks emerge from the gloom directly ahead of us and could do nothing except watch. We struck the atoll with a violent thump that shattered the hull like matchwood. The ship pitched forward and then to port and I was thrown clear into the water. I remember swimming. I swam and did not stop until the muscles in my arms failed me and I was forced to bob about in the oily depthless ocean like a cork. Only then did I look around. I couldn’t see another living thing. Everywhere was debris from the ship but no survivors or even corpses. Then to my amazement, I saw an island in the far distance. Not the tiny promontory on which we had met our fate but a large forested landmass. Grabbing a splintered piece of hull, I let the current ferry me towards it. I lost consciousness and awoke next to find myself washed up upon a sandy shoreline, cold and disorientated.
That first night I spent here was the worst of my life. In the tropics there is no twilight; darkness descends like a stage drape, enveloping everything in an instant, inky blackness. A deep, primal fear took hold as I lay, freezing and prostrate upon the beach. Noises from the jungle floated down to me on the salty air. Strange birds screeched and babbled; unseen animals foraged and grunted in the undergrowth. Where was this place? [Editors note: Sulfuro Island was discovered by the White City expedition at 4°42’25” south latitude, 71°34’12” east longitude. Ironically this location was, at that time, less than 40 nautical miles north-east of the nearest human settlement on Île Diable in the Peros Banhos atoll. R.M.]
I lay back and stared out at the vastness of the ocean. It was barely visible but still the sense of isolation it engendered was overwhelming. Suddenly something was crawling across my legs - scores of chattering hermit crabs creeping laterally in the starlight. I was forced to move further up the shore and sat, crying, until the sun emerged above the far horizon and I eventually lapsed into an hour or two of fitful sleep.
I remained on the shore that day and the next eating only such windfall as chanced to roll beyond the line of trees that marked the end of the beach and the beginning of the jungle. I dared not enter that darkly forested place. It was so impenetrable along the eastern side of the island that I couldn’t have gotten more than a few feet even had I wanted to. The sky was blanketed by dark and skittish clouds but I still got burnt by the sun and was forced to shelter under the coconut trees at the edge of the sand. I grew weaker and more dehydrated as those first days wore on but somehow I could not summon the strength to act. I think, at that point, I would have been happy to simply perish and may well have done so, had not a piece of serendipitous flotsam brought me back to reality.
I was sitting at the waters edge trying to free my voluble mind from the tethers of reality - to let it float away on the calming, hypnotic sound of the tide, as a maharishi had once thought me to do as a teenage girl - but it wasn’t working and I gave up in frustration. Through tear filled eyes I could make out something glinting in the sun a distance up the beach. I ignored it for a while before curiosity finally overcame my languor and I ambled along the shore towards it. When I reached the spot, it actually took me a moment to realise what it was I was looking at. It was the Vedic artefact I had brought with me from India. I picked it up in disbelief and turned it over in my hands. There was no doubt it was the same object. This thing from my past, from civilisation; this solid man-made object that one could hold and feel the veracity of, suddenly had an effect on me and I looked about at the shoreline stretching away on either side for miles and at the jungle rising up mysteriously into the misty distance, as if seeing it all for the first time. The strange item roused me into action and I walked slowly along the beach without any thought as to where it was I was going. I gradually became very aware of how ravenous I was. The need to find food and a source of fresh water struck me as imperative and I laid the artefact down again upon the sand and started out to explore.
I had only gone a short distance northwards when I came upon all manner of additional marine detritus that had clearly resulted from our shipwreck. Splintered planks of timber and bottles of rum were everywhere, as were sodden sacks of mail and assorted clothes and provisions. Thankfully, there were no dead bodies – in my fragile mental state I think the sight of such a thing could have driven me mad. I fell upon a crate labelled hard tack and tried in vain to open it. Eventually I simply bashed its rotting frame apart with a nearby rock and was grateful to find it contained canned meats as well as the rigid biscuit I was expecting. For the moment I had no way to open the tins so I chewed upon the tack, the mastication ultimately serving only to intensify my thirst. Finding myself with little option, I set out to look for water.
Going on again I began to realise how inappropriately dressed I was for island exploration. The hem of my frock continually caught underfoot and made walking very difficult, so I removed it there and then and went back to look for something more suitable among the wreckage. Eventually I found a pair of cotton sailor’s trousers that looked quite outlandish with my ruffled shirtwaist. It almost made me laugh to see myself in such apparel but functionality was now the key. Thus attired and already barefoot, having discarded my shoes the day before, I finally set off in earnest. The damp trousers dried quickly upon me as I walked. The further I went the more I realised that if I had any hope of finding fresh water then it lay inland: Through the jungle. I tentatively approached the tree line, walking alongside it and peering in. Its depths were as black and unmoving as a painting. I found several mangos that helped to slacken my thirst but my body cried out for water with an urgency I’d never before known. I continued for several miles, sheltering from the afternoon sun in the shade of the trees, without finding any opening into the islands interior before eventually abandoning hope and heading back the direction I’d come from. On the way, I gathered up what pieces of fruit I could and brought them with me. When I reached the wreckage from the Bhangarh, I began to look through it for anything of use and was amazed to find a crate of dynamite. I gathered this and everything else up and moved it all to the edge of the jungle with the idea of setting up a rudimentary camp of some sort.
From the amount of bites I’d gotten the first two nights I thought it prudent to make a raised platform to protect myself from the sand-flies or whatever it was that found me so appetising. When I was a girl I’d undertaken many camping trips with my father and brother and using my rudimentary backwoods skills I rigged up a simple frame using several fallen lengths of bamboo driftwood I found along the shoreline and scraps of fig-tree vines from the jungle.  I laid a canvas sheet that had been among the wreckage out flat in a sheltered spot and placed three large rocks in a triangular shape on top of it. Upon these I propped the bamboo structure, a rock at each apex. Finally I positioned the longest spar I could find above the whole setup, one end in a pile of smaller stones and the other against a twist in the trunk of a tree. Across this beam I placed overlapping palm fronts to act as my roof before standing back to childishly admire my work. Then I set down a sodden blanket in the sunniest part of the beach to dry out, again placing a rock at each corner to prevent it blowing away.
I looked about for something else I might set my mind to and it was only then I remembered the Vedic antiquity that had presented itself so curiously back into my care. Walking to where it had earlier been left, I found now it was nowhere to be seen. I was certainly in the right spot but the damned thing had vanished completely. At the time, the only explanation I could devise was that the tide had reclaimed its strange prize. It was only months later I realised this incident was the first indication that I was not alone upon the island.
~
After the sun went down that night, I climbed into my shelter, wrapped myself in my now dry blanket, and slept. I was dreadfully thirsty and dreamt I was in the jungle looking for water. In the dream, I grew more and more disorientated, eventually becoming so entangled in vines and creepers that I couldn’t move at all. And it was only then I became aware of something in the gloom. Something silently watching me and moving, upon segmented legs, ever closer. I awoke in the dark to the nocturnal cacophony of the island, my flesh crawling as if something large was upon me.
~
The following morning I finally accepted I would have to enter the forested part of the island to find water or else I would die of thirst. Among the wreckage, I found a six-inch cooking knife and clutching it tightly in my hand I set out. I entered the jungle near to my camp and through a haphazard combination of cutting and pulling began to inch my way inland. It was back-breaking labour and I was so weak after just a few minutes that I had to stop to rest. In places the vines and foliage were so thick that they seemed to be a solid object, and cutting into them engendered the singular sensation that I was cutting into the flesh of a living thing. As bizarre as it may sound, with each slash of my knife I expected blood and entrails to ooze from the incision. I am unsure how long it took, but eventually I managed to break through the initial twenty feet or so of tangled undergrowth and came to what might almost be described as a clearing. Beyond this in all directions, the forest moved away and up. But now it was less dense and one could travel freely between the trees. Going on, my fear decreased and my curiosity grew. The sun slanted through the verdant canopy above in great golden shafts and everywhere there was wildlife. Red and green parakeets flew squawking from branches as I passed. Iridescent dragonflies buzzed around my head investigating the uninvited interloper into their world. These fauna were nothing compared to what I saw next however. At first I heard it: moving about the undergrowth to my left. I stopped dead and waited; then something small and white appeared. It was a goat; or to be more precise, a kid. [Editors note: Capra aegagrus is not a species indigenous to the islands of the Indian Ocean therefore Morelle’s goats must have been the descendents of animals brought there at an earlier date. R.M.]
It saw me looking at it and bleated shrilly before turning on its heels and gambling away. I pursued as best I could, stumbling and tripping upon the twisted roots underfoot. Not even able to see the creature anymore I nevertheless hurried on, somehow thrilled merely by the pursuit of something. On I went quicker and quicker, laughing madly. The light began to intensify and then the trees ended abruptly and a small incline began which I careered down. Before even realising it, I had landed headlong in a cool narrow stream.
What a sweet elixir that water was. I splashed about in it and drank long and deep. When I looked back up to where I’d come from, the kid was at the top of the bank looking down at me. It inclined its head to one side, studied me for a moment before eventually turning and disappearing back into the forest. After drinking my fill, I followed the stream for several miles as it lessened and lessened eventually becoming little more than a trickle and then drying up entirely. I continued along the dried up bed until I once again emerged at the beach. From here I turned north and walked back in the direction I guessed my camp would be. And within a mile there it was. I had found a source of water, which I could locate again at will and felt a great sense of achievement because of it. The next job I realised that needed to be undertaken was to compile a complete inventory of the provisions that had washed up along the shore. How long would they sustain me? What would I do when they ran out? Moreover, how might I go about trying to escape the island and return to civilisation?
Apart from a good deal of timber, in varying states of disrepair, the remains of the Bhangarh and her cargo amounted to the dynamite, four sacks of mail, three cases of provisions containing hard tack biscuits and tinned meat and vegetables, several bottles of rum, a galley case containing utensils and condiments and a box of candles (but no matches). Enough food to sustain me for a month perhaps but beyond that I would need to find an indigenous source, besides the fruit I had so far procured, if I was not to die of starvation.
~
Over the days that followed, I moved my camp closer to the stream and began to explore deeper into the interior of the island. I failed to find anything of any great interest however; there were no further sightings of the goat I had seen that first day in the jungle. Sometimes though, as I moved through the forest, I would get the eldritch sensation I was being watched or even followed. I knew it was just the natural reaction upon my nerves of being stranded alone in a strange place but it was disquieting just the same and my rational explanation to myself never fully succeeded in dispelling the sensation of being observed.
As one moved further inland, the ground became more barren and difficult to traverse barefoot. In parts it seemed to be made up of nothing so much as dead coral and rocks; there was no soil at all. Everything here seemed to be sharp and I cut the soles of my feet in several places before finally accepting that something would have to be done. To this end, I fashioned a simple pair of moccasins from an old dress to help me navigate the craggy scree. These worked surprisingly well and I set out once again to explore.
I reckoned the island to be around ten miles in breadth from what I could observe from the highest vantage point attainable without actually having to climb vertically - something I was not prepared to do given the obvious fact that breaking a leg here would mean certain death. From this height I realised it would take some considerable time to explore the entirety. I was returning from one of these hikes to the interior when an idea occurred to me. Using my kitchen knife and a piece of bamboo, I dug a small hole as deeply as I could. The soil was dry and chalky and in the mid-morning sun, it was hard work. Eventually I had made an opening around one foot square and three deep. Over this, I placed a lattice of long fronds from a nearby plant, covering the hole completely. On top of this I placed a broken up biscuit. Then I left my trap and returned to the beach. That night I sat wrapped in my blanket eating tinned asparagus and fresh fruit and drinking cool clean water. Looking up at the blazing firmament, I felt almost calm for the first time since the shipwreck. I was in a terrible predicament – I knew that much. But as I gazed at a million stars above me, I felt a returning sense of control over my own fate and was confident that I had at least a fighting chance of survival and escape. I opened some of the mail for the Bhangarh and read the private thoughts and musings of total strangers. The norms of polite society were beginning to mean less and less to me.
~
The following day I could hear the bleating long before I reached the trap. I scrambled up to it with the giddy apprehension of a child opening a present and when I got there, I indeed discovered a distressed kid scrambling about frantically at the bottom of the hole. It looked up at me with bulging eyes and it was only then that I considered the distasteful process of slaughtering the animal. I plucked it from its prison and carried it back to the beach under my arm, stroking its head in a vain attempt to quieten its cries. At my camp, I tied the creature up, deciding I was not yet desperate enough to kill it and turned my attention to the sea instead.
Fish seemed to be a scarcity but shellfish abounded in the shallows, there to be simply picked up and eaten. Within a very short time, I had consumed my fill of raw clams and winkles. As well as molluscs, there were also fearsome-looking sea-urchins and the snakelike sea-cucumber. The former looked as though they would be the end of anyone careless enough to tread on one, being entirely covered by three-inch razor sharp needles. The latter I attempted to eat, but the combination of their ugly appearance and chewy, tasteless flesh made my stomach reject such rank vitals. I knew enough to leave the ubiquitous hermit crabs alone however, being sure I’d read somewhere that uncooked crab will cause food poisoning.
Every day the weather seemed to be getting hotter and more humid. Sweat would simply sit on the flesh and not evaporate, causing a patchy red rash. I felt constantly dehydrated and would have fetch water dozens of times every day because I had nothing bigger to carry it in than a coconut shell. My skin was burnt and covered in a salty patina from washing in the ocean. When I was about ten days on the island, the weather suddenly broke and a squally downpour lashed the beach. I stripped naked and let the cooling tropical rain wash the salt from my skin. It was such a sweet relief from the boiling temperature that I found myself dancing about and laughing: A happy heathen savage.
And so the first weeks went by, building up my camp, devising new methods of foraging and fishing, and playing with Jonathon (as I had christened the goat). I quickly realised that the animal would be of more benefit to me as a companion than as a fleeting source of sustenance. He grew used to my presence and even when I untied him, he never strayed far from the shelter. I also began to slowly expand my orbit of exploration and it was while on one of these treks that I first started to question my assumption I was the sole human resident upon the island.
Hiking along the shoreline several miles to the southwest of my shelter, and having just gone beyond the furthest point of my previous expedition, I saw it. A small boat half buried in the earth. It was positioned at the edge of the beach and propped at a jaunty angle such that the exposed and shattered hull was turned towards me. The vessel was no more than twenty feet long, and it was evidently of some considerable age, broken and twisted as it was. I moved, not a little uncertainly, towards it. Getting closer I crept around in an arc so that I might see past the substructure and into the body of the craft. Eventually I could but, at first, I was unable to take it in. I stared dumbly for what seemed like a long time before breaking into a scream, tearing my gaze away, and running back the way I’d come. Lying half-in and half-out of the vessel and angled into un-natural positions were the remains of three human skeletons.
~
It took me several days to regain enough courage to return to that place. In between, I could hardly sleep and when I did invariable I dreamt of the three skulls, half buried in the sand, staring at me from their hollow, lifeless sockets. But eventually I realised I would have to return, if only to pass by and move on around the island, and so just after dawn, summoning what strength I could, I set out once again. When I reached the place a second time, I forced myself to investigate; the vessel appeared to be a ship’s longboat. I approached towards the hull thus avoiding the human remains for as long as possible. When I touched the timber, it was spongy and rotten. Moving around the shattered keel to the stern of the craft, I noticed for the first time a name. Seaweed had grown across the letters and I had to pull it away to read what was written there. My efforts revealed a single word engraved in small bold print:

Sulfuro

Steeling myself, I continued on towards the remains. Somehow knowing they were there made them seem less frightening. Instead I now felt a sadness, realising suddenly that the fate of these people might be matched by own one day. Apart from the bones, there was nothing else. No clothes, no jewellery, no indication of origin whatsoever. I walked away, down towards the sea and inhaled the salty air. I had managed to avoid thinking too deeply about my own mortality until that point. Now it hit me with all its terrible force. My chances of rescue were low. I would almost certainly die here. I sat down in the wet sand, closed my eyes and tried to think but all I could see were the three skulls in the earth. After a while, I roused myself enough to trudge back to camp where I fell into an agitated stupor for the rest of the day.
But I continued on. What choice did I have? To distract myself from morbid reverie I turned my energies to the question of fire. Despite my best efforts, I could conceive of no means to generate it. My goat was growing bigger and would disappear now during the day to graze but return most evenings to sleep at the entrance to my shelter. He seemed to have no interest in rejoining his own kind, several more of which I could see from a distance upon the rocky slopes of the interior. I endeavoured to keep active: fishing and foraging for fruit, fashioning new devices to aid with both, improving my shelter, retrieving fresh water and steadily investigating the further reaches of the island. I developed a habit of constantly glancing out to sea, hardly even aware I was doing it. But there was never any hint of a passing vessel. On a few occasions, I was shocked to catch myself muttering aloud what I was thinking. I took this to be a bad sign and pricked myself with the knife as a punishment whenever I discovered myself engaged in it - although I couldn’t help but suspect that I spoke aloud more often than I realised. Who knows how long I would have continued in this degenerative manner had everything not changed so suddenly.
~
It was about a month after the shipwreck when it happened. I was out walking and had reached the furthest I had ventured to up to that point which was a mile or two west of the boat wreckage and somewhat inland. Here the vegetation was not dense and the topography was undulating and green, like the sea itself. I was daydreaming across an open mesa that was raised towards its westernmost edge. When I reached this promontory the ground sheared away into a small cliff face that led down to a jumble of boulders and rocks, which in turn eventually led into an enclosed beach that was the approximate counterpoint on the island to where my camp was situated. It was a beautiful spot sheltered from the wind by a jutting headland at either end and directly facing the place in the sky where the setting sun was slowly making for the horizon. However, all this I only took in later because there was something else down there on the beach, something altogether incongruous.
Below where the rocky slope met the sand was a hut, a ramshackle timber dwelling facing out to sea. And to one side of this there was an enclosed pen in which several goats happily grazed upon a large bale of grass that had been left there for them. Beyond the pen was what looked like an orchard, with all manner of fruit trees neatly planted in rows. I was so taken aback that I actually sat down and put my head in my hands. It was only when I looked up the second time that I noticed something I had originally missed. In one corner of the hut’s sloping roof was an opening. And from this opening, there was emerging a thin stream of smoke.
Once again, I retreated to my camp in shock, to ruminate upon what course of action to take. When I got back, I sat cross-legged in my shelter eating the last of the tinned meat from the Bhangarh and trying to make sense of what I had seen. Somehow, I found the presence of another human being on the island a source of concern rather than comfort. Who were they? Were they connected to the wrecked boat I’d found? They had clearly been here some time given the sophisticated appearance of their camp. I had no reason to assume they were friendly. It was just as likely they weren’t. In fact I thought it more likely because what sane person would live in savage isolation like this? And if they were marooned like me, what effect would the long years of loneliness have had upon their minds? I was only here a month and already I’d found myself a little delusional. What if this other inhabitant was a lunatic and I was now trapped on an island in the middle of the Indian Ocean with them. Soon I had worked myself into such a state of nervousness that I had to walk up and down the shoreline in an attempt to calm myself. Later that evening when I was trying to sleep I found that every noise from the jungle caused me to bolt upright, convinced that it was the mysterious islander come to murder me in my bed.
~
But nobody came in the night. And the next morning I left my camp and set out across the island. The reality of someone else sharing the island with me did not seem as frightening in the bright morning sun as it had the evening before. Nevertheless, I carried with me a bamboo walking stick sharpened surreptitiously at one end to a deadly point. I made my way to the cliff face where yesterday I had seen the strange camp for the first time. The scene was once again the same: the broken down bungalow, the goat enclosure, the orchard. But there was no trail of smoke today. I lay hidden in the buffel grass and decided to observe for a while before proceeding. I spied on the mysterious hut for what seemed like hours but nobody came or went. Where was the individual who had lit the fire the day before? I waited like that until mid-afternoon. Eventually I began to suspect that the dwelling was empty and abandoned. I stood up, cramped and stiff, and gingerly made my way around the steepest part of the precipice and out across the rock-strewn landscape towards the hut. As I edged closer, the goats in the pen began to bleat. I stole along the side of the hut until I reached the edge nearest the coast and looked nervously around it. A tumbledown veranda was on this side with an empty hammock strung across it between two uprights. It was really a very well constructed home considering the circumstances. As I went around to the front of the compound, the cries of the goats grew louder and shriller and then suddenly I heard a creaking noise from inside the hut and my blood ran cold. Before I could move, a voice had shouted something in Portuguese, “Quem está aí? Ir para o inferno Alvarado. O que você quer agora?” The surreal juxtaposition of it all was too much for me and, releasing a low sibilant groan, I fainted.
~
My first view of the huts occupant was his blurred stooping frame as he walked away from me and disappeared through his doorway. I was lying prone on the ground where I had fallen but my head was now pillowed by something soft. If I’d had the strength, I would surely have scrambled to my feet and ran away but I was too weak and disorientated. The man re-emerged moving slowly and with care. He was carrying a small earthenware bowl. It seemed to take him a very long time to cross the short distance from the door of the hut to where I lay. As he came closer, the reason for the delay became obvious. He was a very old man. His face was literally a mass of wrinkles and his long white beard came almost to his belt. He moved with frailty and care, like a man traversing a frozen lake, sounding out each step as he goes. And yet his eyes sparkled with a sapphire vitality that I noticed even in my groggy condition.
Haltingly he knelt down beside me, put one hand under my head and placed the bowl at my lips. The cool rush of water brought me round and as I looked up into that strange face, the man smiled sadly. He placed the bowl on the ground, moving with slow deliberate care. As I sat up a little further he said, “Allow me to introduce myself. I am Gregor Kirillov. And you are English I think?”
I stammered in reply that I was. His voice had a heavy Russian accent. He helped me to my feet and I could feel how weak he was. His hand at my elbow felt strangely without substance. He had a leathered emaciation that I guessed had come from many years of privation and outdoor living. He led me to his ramshackle porch and we sat down on the timber steps that led to the door of his hut. He said something like, “You must forgive me. I have been aware of your presence on the island for some time. Not long after your arrival, I suppose. I am sure it has been a troubling readjustment for you and I should have offered my help. But, to be honest, I was afraid. I have been alone for so long now that I prefer to remain in the shadows you see. And I am unable to stray far from my cabin any more, so really I had to wait for you to find me.” And here he smiled a deferential smile before adding, “I am not as young as I once was.”
I assured him there was no need to apologise. But then I could say nothing more. My anxiety turned to an immense relief that I was no longer alone. And if my co-habitant seemed a little melancholy, he was also benign. All the sickening dread of the previous weeks struck me and I began to laugh and cry at the same time. Kirillov smiled in that way of his once again and patted my knee.
“But now we are friends and I do not even know your name. You must tell me everything. I will get you something to eat and you can tell me who you are and how you came to be here.” And I did. I told him about the Bhangarh and myself. About the ships demise, my arrival on the island, how I had survived so far. Gregor (as he requested I call him) listened attentively and feed me a stew of coconut milk and roasted goat’s meat. It seemed to me like the most exquisite meal I’d ever tasted.
“What of your own history?” I enquired when I’d finally related all there was to tell. I was consumed by curiosity regarding the origin of my strange interlocutor. But he waved the question away with a haughty gesture and said, “There is plenty of time for that. It is enough to say that I was shipwrecked here long ago.”
I ignored him. My mind was racing. “Was it you who took my artefact from the beach? And who was it you thought I was earlier? My Portuguese is very limited.” I lied, “You were calling out a name I think? Is there someone else upon the island?” Here Gregor’s face became grave and his eyes locked onto my own.
“I know nothing of any artefact, I’m afraid. And as for your other question, Manuel Alvarado was an old crew mate of mine who was stranded here with me. But he died many years ago. Sometimes when I wake too suddenly I forget and think he is still alive; the drawback of living to such a great age I suppose.”
I apologised. The poor man was now possessed of the most wistful look. He turned and stared with tear-filled eyes towards the higher ground beyond the forest. When he turned back to me, he suggested that if I was so inclined I should move my own camp to this part of the island. We would be company for each other and he would happily share what food and resources he had with me. It seemed a splendid plan and I thanked him profusely. And so I set off across the island once again to pack up my base and move closer to my new companion. I did so in a rush, bringing only what I considered essential, and instead of crossing the island a third time I returned via the shoreline. I had been alone for so long that I was giddy with the thought of amiable friendship. My mind was filled with potential areas of inquiry and conversation. I hurried back, suddenly afraid that the meeting had all been a delusion: a pathetic creation of an unhinged and forlorn mind. But Gregor was exactly where I had left him, sitting on the front steps of his shelter. He waved when he saw me coming along the beach. I’d passed the Sulfuro longboat again on my way and it had occurred to me that this was surely how he’d arrived upon the island. I decided not to press Gregor for information however, even though I was terribly curious. I needed to respect his understandable reticence to relate his history and could only guess at what dark days he had been through. I greatly admired the resilience and will it must have taken to survive in such a lonely outpost as this.
I set up my shelter a short distance down the beach from Gregor’s hut. He offered me the use of his own bunk or his hammock on the veranda but I wouldn’t hear of it. I gave him the bottles of rum I’d found among the remains from the Bhangarh as a token of my gratitude and he gave a jolly laugh at the sight of them. He said it was probably wise to keep such plunder for a special occasion.
And so the next period of my life on the island began - in retrospect, the only one with any bearing of normality. Things became much easier with Gregor’s help. He had learned so much in his time here. He had tamed wild goats and learned to utilise them for milk, meat and fur. He had a year-round supply of mangoes, berries and plantain thanks to his orchard. He knew where to find a plentiful supply of nuts nearby. He eulogised the coconut tree, providing as it did fluid, food and tinder; burning the husks even kept mosquitoes away (he said this with such childish pride that I almost giggled). He could fish for crab and eel. A tributary of the stream I had discovered flowed close by for fresh water. Our diet really was surprisingly good considering our island desolation. Once or twice a year we even had turtle’s eggs to pillage. Gregor had also devised an ingenious method of obtaining fire using sticks and dried grass which although time consuming was a source of profound amazement to me. This provided heat and light at nighttime and made our meat and fish more palatable.
~
Days and weeks went by in this simple manner. During the day Gregor would pass on his survival skills to me, we would go for short walks along the beach (he was unable to move very far from camp), or we’d simple sit at his front steps and look out to sea in silence. He confided that he had given up hope of rescue long ago and in all his years on the island, he’d never once seen a passing vessel. [Editors note: Kirillov was quite accurate here. Despite the number of large coconut plantations in the Peros Banhos atoll nearby, none of the shipping lanes to Europe would have passed by Sulfuro Island. R.M.] He had built a raft from driftwood decades ago and tried to escape but the flimsy thing had been smashed to pieces on the breakers less than a mile off-shore. He felt certain now that he would die here. I tried not to think about Gregor’s mortality. His death was a prospect that frightened me more than my own. To have friendship snatched away so precipitously would be more than I could bear. He spoke very little about his own arrival upon the island, something I found frustrating given how easily we conversed about everything else. One day however, when he was feeling unusually energetic, we walked along the beach all the way to the wreck of the Sulfuro’s longboat with its three grim occupants and the sight of it seemed to stir in him a desire to recount a little of his past. I would later wish that he’d remained silent.
~
The story he told me I will recount as best I can. The task is not easy because at times, it seemed to me the narrative was self-contradictory or simply incoherent. Gregor was very emotional as he spoke. Firstly, he said he’d arrived on the island in the year eighteen-nought-nine at which time he was sixteen years of age. I gently pointed out to him that this would mean he was now eighty-four years old and had been on the island for nearly 70 of those. He seemed surprised to discover that so much time had passed but assured me he was certain of the date of his arrival. It seems very unlikely to me that someone could have survived alone on a deserted island for so long. However, because of the highest standards in every other aspect of Gregor’s character I know he would never have deliberately tried to deceive me. I can only surmise that old age was playing tricks with his memory and he was simply mistaken. [Editors note: Of course, as the records show, Morelle’s scepticism was misplaced and Kirillov had indeed spent the greater proportion of his long life as a castaway on the island. R.M.] The rest of his narrative concerned the destruction of a slaving ship call the Sulfuro aboard which Gregor was serving. The ship it seemed was destroyed by fire and only he and four other crewmembers survived, escaping on the ships single cutter. Naturally, I did not approve of the detestable cargo Gregor was helping to transport but decided it best to hold my tongue on the matter. Anyway, the five survivors drifted at sea for weeks and endured terrible privations and miseries which he refused to relate in any detail. After a month, three of the five were dead and Gregor and the Sulfuro’s Portuguese first mate Manuel Alvarado were clinging to life by the most tenuous of threads. Just as they had abandoned all hope, they saw this island and paddled with what strength they had left towards it. And here the boat still lay where it had landed all those years before. It seemed strange to me that Gregor and Alvarado had left possibly diseased corpses in the boat with them until reaching the island or that they had not given the three dead a Christian burial once they were on dry land. But once again, I said nothing. Gregor explained that he and Alvarado survived as best they could. As time went on however the other man’s behaviour grew evermore erratic. He kept strange hours: hunting at night and sleeping during the day, he was obstinate and sullen at all times. Eventually upon waking one morning, he found the Portuguese had simply vanished. Gregor assumed his former crewmate had been driven insensible by the harsh demands of island life and had moved into the dark interior of the jungle. He’d tracked him once or twice to his new camp. It was a gloomy and uninviting place where no sane man would ever build a home. But there the malignant Alvarado stayed. Occasionally Gregor would see him fishing or hiking in the jungle but his former first mate would simply ignore him and pass by like a somnambulist. It seemed a bizarre situation to me. Two castaways squabbling like children. Gregor then confided the most disquieting aspect of his story. He was not entirely certain that Alvarado was dead. He simple hadn’t seen him for several years and had assumed as much. The thought that a half starved maniac might still be wandering around the jungle unnerved me greatly, until I remembered that since he was even older than Gregor there would be little cause for alarm.
After relating this much, he said he was tired and wanted to return to the cabin to rest. As I was helping him back to his bunk, he said one final thing: He realised how many questions I must have regarding his past but he pleaded with me not to press him. He said that since my arrival he had found new strength and had begun to write down all he could remember about his long life on the island; when finished, he would pass this document onto me and it would explain everything. I assured him that he owed me no explanation regarding anything and that the matter of his past would never again be raised by me. Secretly though I was fascinated by the idea of these memoirs he was working on. For there was one thing about which I was certain: There was something Gregor was not telling me. Some mystery he was not yet ready to confide. And the more I considered this work of his the more I coveted the opportunity to know what it contained. As we slowly made our way back to camp that day I didn’t realise how soon that opportunity would come.
The weeks passed quickly after that day when Gregor’s chronicle was first mentioned and I found myself inexplicably obsessed by the idea of it. When he was in his cabin I would invariably wonder if he was writing. On one occasion and to my subsequent shame, I crept up the steps to the hut where the front door was ajar, all the way persuading myself that it was with the intention of offering to fetch fresh water, but secretly hoping for even a glimpse of Gregor at work. He was asleep on his cot however. And even then I tarried; allowing my eyes to grow accustomed to the darkness within, hoping I might spy what I imagined would be a large leather bound volume lying invitingly open upon his desk or by his bunk. But there was nothing.
On occasions I noticed how distracted Gregor could become. He would stare into the jungle for the longest time as if he could see something there and indeed sometimes I too would feel a presence, just beyond the trees, hidden in the gloom, something large and squat, a scuttling shadow that filled me with dread. One day I noticed Gregor moving gingerly towards the tree line and when he was a few metres from the jungles edge he collapsed in a faint. When he recovered his composure he laughed the incident off by repeating his mantra that he wasn’t as young as he used to be. I walked him to his bunk to rest and when I was sure he was asleep I ran back to the spot where he’d fainted and looked into the trees. At first I could make out nothing but then I saw it. The remains of a half eaten goat.
Then one night as we sat at the campfire, Gregor opened a bottle of the Bhangarh rum and looking into the flames he talked long into the night. Perhaps it was the ease of our conversation or more likely the alcohol but he unexpectedly brought up the account he was writing and so I ventured a question.
“I must say Gregor I do wonder what you can find so inspiring to write about regarding the island. Your own life I am sure is fascinating and a great source of interest but the island itself can offer little to the biographer, I fear. Apart from the Sulfuro’s longboat and your own camp there are no signs of civilisation to be found.” He sneered with contempt when he heard this and I will never forget his reply, “Perhaps it is not of civilisation then, this thing that I chronicle?” He was pensive for a while before deciding to continue. “Have you not felt it Miss Morelle, the presence in the jungle? I see by your reaction that you have. There are many things in the dark places of the Earth that are not in sciences remit of understanding. Don’t be so eager for knowledge; some things are better left undisturbed.” Here he trailed off and looked despondently into the fire. I had never seen Gregor in such a dark mood and it frightened me a little. Without saying anything more he got up and shambled back to his hut. When he reached the door he glanced back briefly before disappearing inside. It was the last time I would ever see Gregor Kirillov alive.
The following morning I began my routine as normal, waking with the sun and going to wash in the sea. Then I walked to the stream and brought back our fresh water for the day. By now Gregor would usually be awake as well and we would share a breakfast of fruit and goats milk. But this morning his cabin remained silent and brooding. It was not terribly uncommon for him to sleep late but inexplicably I knew something was wrong. I delayed as long as I could, finding all manner of unnecessary jobs to do. But my eyes would always return to the unopening door of my friends dwelling, and eventually I summoned up the courage to approach it.
I called out from the veranda. There was no answer. I knocked upon the door. There was no reply. I opened the door and it creaked on it vine hinges like the gates to an ancient crypt. Peering inside my eyes could discern nothing from the windowless interior. Inky blackness ensconced everything, until slowly objects in the room began to emerge and take form: Gregor’s writing desk, his trunk full of littoral odd and ends, his bunk. And astride the bunk, an unmoving body. I knew with an eerie certainty he was dead. But I forced myself inside to check. I scurried unceremoniously across the dusty humid space and stopped at his side. I stupidly called his name. Then I reached out a hand to touch his face. It was deathly cold. His eyes were open, staring serenely into eternity, and I closed them. He had seen all he would in this world. I did not cry out or flee although I wanted to more than anything. I delayed because I’d noticed what was in his hands. A small tattered journal held tightly against his stomach. I leaned in closer, to examine it in the half-light. Across the cover in neat, small, black letters something had been crossed out: The Island Book of Gregor kirillov. Underneath this and in a shaky, barely legible hand had been written:

The Death Note of Gregor Kirillov

I prised the book from his grasp, having to bend back stiffened marble fingers to do so. I tried not to look at his face as I took it. Once it was retrieved I ran outside into the blinding mid-morning sunlight, fell to my knees upon the sand and sobbed wretchedly. I cried with grief, despair and shame. After what seemed like an age the tears finally stopped coming and I got to my feet and walked up the shoreline a little. I sat down cross-legged on the beach, looked out to sea and took several deep breaths. Then I opened the small volume to the first page and began to read.




EIGHT

The Death Note of Gregor Kirillov (circa 1878)

You are reading this Sarah and therefore I am dead. Let me say at the outset that this account is begun with an overwhelming sense of guilt. I am afraid I have not been entirely honest with you. And what I was too cowardly to relate in life I will now at least attempt to impart in death. I am truly sorry to have abandoned you, and not to have summoned the courage to finally rise up against the evil that is present on this island. Please do not despise me for it. I was just a tired old man who had endured so much, one who had already been too long in the shadow of this place when you arrived here. I was selfish and saw an opportunity to live out my final days in a deluding charade of normality. For that I am grateful. But there is no escaping the reality that I have behaved dishonourably. I warn you now to prepare yourself. Make haste to fortify your camp and procure what weapons you can. You are not safe here. Let me make some amends by at least explaining.
I was born in Saint Petersburg in October 1793 by the old Gregorian calendar. My father was a schoolmaster and a polyglot as well as being quick with the cane; a combination that determined I should inherit his aptitude for languages. By the time I went to sea at fourteen I was already competent in five and by my sixteenth birthday I could converse with ease in a dozen. The importance of this will become apparent in the telling of my story. I will not bore you with the details of my early life because this is not a memoir but a caution. Let me simply say that the number of languages I spoke was never to rise above twelve because my fledgling career as a sailor was cut abruptly short by the sinking of the Sulfuro.
That ship was cursed from the beginning. I was never a youth given to superstition but from the moment I boarded her I felt uneasy. I had never sailed upon a slaving ship before and the cruelty and malice I witnessed there were shocking to me. But most of the men were hardened traders and I was not naïve enough to show my disdain for their chosen profession. I simply decided that upon reaching Brazil I would find a whaler or a cargo ship and leave these Portuguese to their wicked enterprise. But we were destined never to reach the Americas. We had barely left Zanzibar, in fact, when an unnatural mist fell upon us and made navigation impossible. This fog had the effect of making the familiar seem menacing and sinister with its filthy yellow hue and acrid stench. It was altogether unlike any maritime vapour I had ever witnessed before and served to set the crew immediately on edge.
This was but one of many strange occurrences that happened aboard the Sulfuro. Coupled with the unearthly sulphurous smog that refused to lift the men were also plagued by terrifying and visceral dreams. I myself had visions of black soul-less eyes and segmented creeping limbs that would come at me out of the darkness. Unseasonable storms would rise out of nothing and pitch us about on the normally calm waters of the Indian Ocean. Ships instruments would refuse to work or when they did they gave inconsistent results. But despite all this strangeness it was a subtler incident that finally convinced me that dark forces were at work on board the ship.
Several nights out from port an event occurred I have difficulty even describing. I remember clearly reclining upon my hammock, trying in vain to read a book amid the noise and traffic that never ceases below deck on any old vessel, when an insistent rap came upon the upright that served to anchor my bed. It was Dr Guttmundson, the ships young physician, with whom I had struck up a tentative friendship some days earlier. Despite our divergent backgrounds we found that we enjoyed much in common. We both had a love of languages, which meant we could converse freely in any of three or four tongues. He was a tutor’s son and had received his education thanks to a mysterious and wealthy benefactor. We were both fascinated by military history and astronomy, and would walk the deck discussing these subjects for hours. On this in particular occasion he apologised for the lateness of his call but asked if I felt like taking the air with him. Sleep, as usual, was eluding me and so we went up into the cold night together. There had been a brief respite from the smog that night and the stars were blazing overhead. We had undertaken several circuits of the ship and were walking towards the bow, talking normally as before, when a sudden and extraordinary depression came upon me. Despite making every effort I could not shake this unbidden gloom from my mind. There was no reason I could discern for it. Our voyage had been a difficult and unpleasant one so far but I had never been a youth predisposed to what some sailors called the black dog. I was anxious that my companion should not suspect this inexplicable melancholia by my manner and think it a weakness of character, and so I said very little at all. When we reached the bowsprit of the ship I was unnerved to find that everything looked unnatural, unpleasant even. The ocean seemed to have become flat and lifeless, like the sea in a painting. There was no play of light or shadow and no wind stirred at all. An intense eerie silence had descended and I felt quite alone in the universe. It was almost as if time had stopped.
As disturbing as such feelings were I would surely have forgotten them soon enough had it not been for what I saw next. At the time I put it down to some hallucination resulting from a sea-faring malady. But of course it was much more than that and the source would later become clear to me. The vision was fleeting and on the periphery of perception but I remember clearly what it was: A massive beast, halfway between a lizard and some segmented arthropod, its feral spiteful gaze fixed upon me, bestriding the deck of our ship! I instinctively spun around to get a better look but, of course, the apparition was gone as soon as I did so. My heart pounded with fright and I found myself so out of breath that I thought I would collapse. Such a creature could not be and yet I had seen it. My companion, sensing my discomfort but obviously oblivious to the horror I had glimpsed, asked me if I was unwell and upon receiving an unsatisfactory reply he led me below deck to lie down. To the man’s eternal credit he never once asked me what it was that had affected me so badly that night – and I never told him or anyone else until now. I thrashed about for hours, listening to the snores of the other sailors and the endless creaking of timber that is the music of a ship. The image of that thing stayed emblazoned upon my minds eye; its unnatural, disjointed movement and its sickly green body, almost like a hole in space itself, snapped into view every time I closed my eyes.
Naturally this incident affected my nerves greatly and had it not been for the even stranger events that were to come it might have driven me mad. But the more immediate dangers in the weeks that followed roused me from any funk and, of course, years later I would understand more clearly what had happened that night.
Matters on board grew more serious by the day. Mistreatment of the slaves increased and culminated in the ships captain leaving his senses and throwing some of the poor wretches overboard. It was then that our first mate Alvarado emerged from the shadows and made his grab for power. He was a coarse and truculent cur whom I had paid little attention to previously but now he was everywhere and involved in everything, running the ship in all but name. The other crewmen who had sailed with him before said a sinister change had come over the man, although at the time they could never has guessed what it was.
And then the night came when disaster struck. I awoke to find the ship in the midst of a terrible conflagration. Threads of crimson flame were already worrying my bower door. I joined the other sailors in a headlong rush to abandon ship. My clothes were smouldering and I was blind and coughing when I stumbled upon deck and straight into Alvarado. He stood erect and looked all about, seemingly untroubled by the catastrophe befalling us. Then his gaze fell upon me and it was red and demonic. Perhaps this was simply an ocular reflection of the deadly flames that were, at that very moment, consuming half the ship - or perhaps not. As I watched the red glow diminish from his eyes, a sardonic smile spread across his thick lips and he ordered me and three others that were nearby to help him launch the ships only cutter. I am ashamed to say that we followed his orders without question and were well away from the ship before realising we still had room for many more inside the craft. I did not even consider my friend Dr Guttmundson before fleeing like a pickpocket into the night and I have never forgiven myself for that. I learned later that our captain had started the blaze, driven from his senses by the misfortunes that had befallen his leadership. Their cause would soon become apparent.
For weeks we drifted in that boat that now lies two miles from here, half buried in the sand. We were lost at sea, or so I believed. Later I was not so sure and looking back now I suspect that Alvarado was somehow guiding the craft along a carefully plotted course. What a distressing time that was though. As well as constant hunger and thirst (was had only what biscuits and breakers of water were stored beneath the thwarts of the cutter to sustain us) there was also the nightmare of sharing this confined area with that man. For the entire time Alvarado was sullen and uncommunicative. I tried to discuss our situation with him using my rudimentary Portuguese but he would simply ignore me. I was convinced then he was insane but, of course, that was not the reason for his silence at all. He seemed not to need food or water and spent all his time at the prow staring out into the distance with a look of deep concentration on his face. Even the circling sharks that terrified the rest of us failed to stir an emotional response in him. The other members of our party were not much better company. They were badly burnt from the fire and spent their days groaning with pain and complaining about our shortage of rations. A sense of inertia soon took hold of us all and we grew morose and resigned to death. [Editors note: If we are to believe the report of the Sacre Coeur regarding the location they encountered the stricken Sulfuro, then the survivors drifted for around 300 nautical miles before reaching the island. R.M.]
~
But death did not find us. Instead the tide brought our boat to this island. By then only Alvarado and I were still alive; fever and malnutrition having taken the others in the days before we were washed up upon the beach. I am ashamed to say we did not throw the cadavers overboard for fear that we might need them for sustenance. Thankfully such grisly desperation was not required. I was delirious and did not at first even realise we were on land. When I finally did I could not summon enough strength to leave the vessel. As I lay there, Alvarado disembarked and looked all about. He cast a final disinterested glance at me before setting off purposefully towards the forest. Did he also look greedily at the human remains beside me or did I dream that part? Either way he was gone, and I was left alone to survive as best I could. And now Sarah, you will see that the divergence between the truth and what I previously told you will grow ever wider.
I will disregard the details of how I managed to eek out a living from this place since you know all too well the difficulty of such matters. Let me just say that the relative comfort you find me in now only came about much later and that in those early days I fared far worse than you did, living no better than an animal at times. Naturally, in those first months, I was interested in where Alvarado had gone. I had seen nothing of him since immediately after my arrival but I was too occupied with the business of survival to care too much. I convinced myself he must be dead. Depressed as I was I begun to contemplate the possibility that I might also have already died. Perhaps this place was hell. I brooded that the afterlife might at first appear no different from the world in which we live and that only gradually over time would anomalies begin to show themselves. And as soon as I formulated this theory I began to find anomalies everywhere. Why must the afterlife always be considered vast? I fancied then that it might be something small; something self-contained. Something very much like an island.
Somehow though I emerged from this madness, mind and body relatively intact; I learnt how to fish and grow fruit. I began work upon my cabin and to keep goats for milk and meat and eventually fur. In the very limited ways possible I began to prosper. And with the easier life came more rational thought. I had leisure time now and I spent a lot of it considering all that had befallen me. I grew consumed by a curiosity regarding the location and nature of Alvarado and so decided to try to find him. During the year or two I had spent on the island by then I had never travelled very far. I was much less adventurous than you Sarah. But now I systematically began to undertake long treks, sweeping back and forth through the dense jungle looking for any sign of my elusive co-habitant. But I could find none. I have affixed the map I surveyed during that time to the back of this account Sarah. It may be of interest to you.
When I had searched the entire forested part of the island I knew the only option remaining was to continue onto the more dangerous higher ground. It was a treacherous route and not one I undertook lightly. In fact, it took me several weeks to navigate the rocky peaks and labyrinthine ravines that surround the upper portion the island. And still I could find no evidence that my quarry had ever been that way. I was beginning to feel certain he had died long ago when one evening I heard a guttural, ululating howl that froze my blood. This fearful noise continued for what seemed like hours and sapped all the courage from me. I knew then that something was very much alive upon the island.
If you follow my map Sarah you will see where at last I found the fiend, engaged as he was in his mysterious mission. When at last I reached the wide plateau that crowns this cursed atoll I began to find evidence of his presence everywhere. Mutilated animal remains were scattered about the place, half eaten and left to rot where they lay. I moved across this open ground by crawling on my belly through the thick stinging grasses and eventually came across a makeshift tumbledown shelter. Human faeces and animal bones were all around. I was very frightened because I sensed a brooding menace there I had never experienced before. Alvarado had chosen to exile himself in this feral and remote place and I could not leave until I knew why.
Seeing no sign of movement at that ramshackle hut of his I moved on. Soon I saw that off to one side of this great plateau the land jutted up one final time in a small stony outcropping and I made for this. As I crept slowly towards it I began to hear noises. There was a loud crashing of stones and also a grunting, as of someone engaged in heavy toil. The outcrop was of rough granite, its quartz glinting hypnotically in the sun. To the north and east it fell away towards the sea and at first its rocky bulk looked featureless and prosaic. It was only as I drew closer that I could make out several small caves that disappeared into its hidden interior. And it was from the largest of these that the noises were emerging.
After some time I saw him as he appeared from this larger orifice in the rock. He was quite naked and labouring under the weight of a hefty boulder which he carried clear of the opening before dropping its dead weight onto a grassy slope where it turned over several times before coming to rest. Then he turned and entered the cave again mumbling and exhaling with exhaustion as he went. He emerged once more with as much rock and scree as he could carry which he let fall in a haphazard pile near to the boulder he had previously discarded. And then I noticed that all around where he worked were piles of rock and earth; to such an extent that he must have been engaged in the business for several months at least. He continued in this fashion, toiling relentlessly, moving back and forth with a grim joyless determination. What could be the purpose of this seemingly meaningless task?
But that was not the worst of it. The more I watched him the uneasier I became. There was something about his movement. It was more bestial than human and he hunched low as he went, sometimes even touching the ground with his hands and scurrying on all-fours. And what had happened to his skin? It was more a rough, leathery hide now, a dun green in colour. With a sudden jolt I was reminded of my vision aboard the Sulfuro: The weird creature I had glimpsed bestriding the deck. It made my head spin and my stomach sick to look any longer and without really planning to I found myself quietly retreating the way I had come. I hiked back across the island to my camp in gloomy spirits. There was something unnatural about Alvarado. Something supernatural I was certain. I remembered hearing such legends when I was a child in Russia. Regarding people possessed by evil spirits which gave them the ability to shape shift. These spirits would require the blood of rats or other small animals to sustain their hosts but in essence, the body was a shell. That may not have been exactly what I saw but I truly believed he was a man transmuting, consumed by something dark and malignant.
For a while after that, I found it hard to sleep or eat. But as the months and years went by, and I kept to my part of the island, and Alvarado kept to his, the visceral nature of my fear began to subside. I strived to make my life as comfortable as possible and would set my mind to various tasks to keep me from brooding too much. But still over everything loomed the shadow of what I had seen upon the summit of the island. Sometimes I would be hunting in the forest and I would feel him; sense the hostile presence of wickedness. Once or twice, I even caught a fleeting glimpse of something large moving between the trees; a thing with human intelligence and yet not human. A thing that was black and squat and changing.
And now Sarah I come to the coup de grâce. The terrible information I had not the courage to impart to you in life. Alvarado is still alive. I have seen him again. Your arrival has drawn him down to investigate. I saw him at the edge of the jungle watching us that day I fainted. A half-eaten animal was hanging from his maw. And now his transformation is complete, though I hardly know how to describe it.
Whatever his dread purpose is upon the plateau, he has not paused in it. He still toils day and night at that cave, burrowing deep into the earth, excavating god alone knows what. A darkness has moved over me now and I cannot fight it any longer. I feel that my thoughts are no longer my own. You will suspect this to be the ravings of a lunatic but it is not. Heed these final words: You must kill him. Otherwise, you will never have a minute’s peace here. He is a thing not of this Earth, a thing born out of darkness that must be destroyed. Forgive me.

Gregor.


The island as surveyed around 1811




NINE

The second journal of Sarah Elizabeth Morelle continued (circa 1878)

De omnibus dubitandum. [Editors note: The second of three Latin inscriptions in Morelle’s island journal. This translates as “Doubt everything.” R.M.]

For weeks after I found Gregor’s body and read what was written in his suicide note I felt marooned all over again. Once more, I was alone on the island. Or even worse, if the account was to be believed then I shared it with a monster “born of darkness” and “not of this Earth”. I grew increasingly nervous. At times, I felt certain that grotesque figures were observing me from the forest and I couldn’t bring myself to leave the beach. The smallest sound would startle me. Sleep came only in the murky hours before dawn when sheer physical exhaustion would drag me down into spectre-filled dreams from which I’d start awake drenched in tears and sweat. My existence was a morass of insubstantial fears and I often found myself raised from mid-day reveries by the hungry bleating of the goats. Eventually I had to force myself into action in an effort to keep Gregor's camp functioning as it had done before his death. I left his cabin inviolate. Even during the stormiest nights, which seemed to be growing ever more frequent, I would not enter there.
I did remove his trunk from the cabin and among his few possessions I found this tattered notebook in which I have recorded my story. I thought by beginning this journal I might create some meaning from everything that has occurred since I’ve arrived here. And in truth, it has helped a little.
In a further effort to dissipate my melancholy, I have set myself the task of exploring the island. Yesterday I took the map that Gregor made and began an effort at translation, despite the obvious obstacle that I don’t speak Russian. The topographical features of the island are clear enough, the beaches, the forest, the highlands and the stream. There are also some references not in the Cyrillic alphabet: A place referring to sulfuro which is clearly where the remains of the gig from that dreadful slaver is located. The letters s.e.m. can also be seen and I assume they are related to the position at which I initially set up my camp. Ominously, to the extreme north of the island there is a reference to alvarado. This must surely be the lair of the mysterious creature that came here with Kirillov. Between this location and there are the stream, what appears to be a lake surrounded by mountainous terrain and a reference in Russian that seems to me to resemble the word catacombs.
As frightening as the prospect was I knew I would never sleep again or have any peace of mind until I had investigated the mystery of Alvarado and either disproved the veracity of Gregor’s incredible claims, or else confirmed and confronted them. I will have to hike to the place marked alvarado on Gregor's map and see for myself what is there.
~
It is night now and I have made all necessary preparations for the journey. I have packed a bag with as much food as I can carry. The islands own supply of water should be sufficient for the trek because I intend to follow the stream as far as possible. I will also bring my blanket, my knife, my walking stick sharpened to a deadly point and, of course, Gregor's map. I do not feel well but that is only to be expected. This thing must be done or instead it will haunt me. I must know if I am alone or not on this damned island. I will bring my journal with me. Writing down my thoughts might distract me from the task at hand. I set out with the rising sun.
~
My first day is over and I have stopped at a formidable obstacle for the night. The islands interior is so dark. The canopy of trees reduces illumination from the moon and stars to an eerie glow insufficient for me to see as I write. I'm sure in daylight I will look upon these words and see the scribbling of an idiot. [Editors note: Indeed these later parts of Morelle’s island journal do verge on being indecipherable. The few thousand words reproduced here are as much a work of translation as reproduction. R.M.] But I must do something to occupy my mind before sleep will come.
I set out early and struck directly north until I reached the stream where Gregor and I used to gather our daily ration of fresh water. Once there I turned directly east and followed the stream inland, eventually crossing through a pass in the craggy hillside to find dense forest looming high upon either side of the water. The air was viscous and humid in this leafy vale and insects incessantly darted across my path. I followed this route for several miles until I came to what I was looking for: the streams conjunction with the larger river I had discovered on the other side of the island soon after my arrival. I rested for a while, ate a little cured goat’s meat and drank cooling water straight from the river. Following this sojourn I pushed on, northwards again now, towards the mountains and the lake that were shown on the map. The jungle was so dense here and the ground so steep and overgrown with scrub that the going became increasingly difficult. The combination of incline and heat was punishing. On numerous occasions, I had to stop to catch my breath. Next the river banked through a deep ravine and I left it off to my right-hand-side and tried to find an easier route upwards. The ground turned to dry, crumbling scree and I often lost my footing. By the end I had resorted to climbing; literally hauling myself hand over hand along vines and roots up the final, steepest part of the mountain. Finally I scrambled over the summit and lay panting for air, like a fish at the bottom of a boat.
There was still a forest on this upper part of the island but it was less dense and easier to plot a route through. I soon found the flow of the river again and trudged along it to the northeast. Up here it was cooler, almost chilly and no insect whirred or buzzed about the water now. The sky was beginning to turn magenta when, instead of reaching the lake as I had expected to, I was instead met by the daunting hurdle of a waterfall. It cascaded noisily down a thirty-foot cliff face and the sight of it convinced me to stop for the night. It seems I have more heights to scale tomorrow. Lying in the pitch dark now, I am listening to the rush of water hitting the river below and I feel tired - almost like I could sleep. I will try.
~
Last night I had the strangest dream. I feel compelled to set it down before it escapes forever into the ether. In it, a man came to me from the jungle and told me not to be afraid. He said he was my friend and I needed to go with him. I said I was trying to and he smiled benignly. His eyes were so intense that I couldn’t look at them directly. It felt like they were delving into my very soul to see what secrets lay there. I looked away because I was beginning to feel uncomfortable in the presence of this man. It felt as though he was hiding something: Some deep and evil purpose. And when I looked at him again I could see clearly now that he was not a man at all but instead some manner of beast; a thing upon eight legs which disjointedly propelled it towards me. I began to scream and woke up screaming. I do not know what any of this means. It is dawn now. I am stiff and cold. My writing from last night is an illegible scrawl as I guessed it would be. I will eat something and endeavour to find a way up the final section of mountain.
~
It is very nearly dark again and thank God I am through the catacombs. I can go no further today. Exhaustion weighs me down. I no longer believe I will ever return from the mountain. Each step seems to drain me of life, and of my will to live. But I must find strength. I am so close now. This morning I scaled the waterfall. Who would have believed I was ever capable of such physical endeavours. But somehow step by labourious step I made an imperfect path ever higher across the treacherous rocks and razor-sharp outcroppings. Several times, I almost fell crashing to the bottom but eventually, bloodied and bruised, I made it to the summit. Here at last the landscape levelled out and I saw at once the lake as shown upon the map. Although in truth, it was little more than a large stagnant pool. The map indicated that a trail led away from here that would eventually lead to Alvarado's hiding place. And sure enough on the far side of the water was an opening in the tree line that disappeared into the heart of the forest.
Without pausing to rest, I pressed on. I wanted all this to be over as quickly as possible. The trail was a morbid and depressing one. The trees seemed to crowd in from either side and from above. At places, the way became terribly overrun with vines and cobwebs. Fat and hideous spiders scurried along gossamer threads and brushed against my face. This way had not been traversed for a long time. Becoming more apprehensive with each step I nevertheless continued. What choice did I have now? Thankfully, the woods soon began to fall back and give way to something else altogether singular. Being no geologist I can only try to describe them as a series of interconnecting and rocky gorges that twisted their way through the low menacing drumlins that crowned the island: A maze sculpted by nature herself and surely what Gregor had referred to on his map as the catacombs. This narrow series of valleys looked like they could have been hewn from the Earth by a fast flowing river, but surely no river had ever flowed up here. Perhaps the anomaly had been thrust from the whole by some natural force. In my previous life, this riddle would have whetted my intellectual appetite. But now trying to make sense of it simply irritated me. The labyrinthine passages crossed continuously back and forth. What had ordained to shape this Daedalosian construct and throw it now in my path at the islands peak? My faculties seemed to be reducing the further I went into the malignant place; my thoughts were barely my own anymore. I grew disorientated and staggered about for what seemed like hours in the dusty heat. At one point, I returned to the place I’d entered and screamed in frustration. Every twisting turn of the blasted thing looked identical. I decided to make my way by laying as large a rock as I could find in the middle of each stretch I explored and slowly and painstakingly I began to reduce my errors. Eventually, more through blind chance than skill, I stumbled into a clearing, head spinning and limbs as stiff as a corpse. To navigate a speedy retreat would be impossible. I looked about and saw in the fading light that this side of the maze was a wide green plateau covered sparingly with tall elegant palms. Before I could do anything else it was fully dark and I lay down for the night. Tomorrow I will begin my search for Alvarado.
~
Memento mori. This morning I set out at first light as planned. I was determined to find an answer to the mystery. The tumbledown hut that Gregor had described in his letter was not difficult to locate because the land here is flat and open. Within a few minutes of setting out, I could see a large and crumbling structure in the distance. This first verification of Gregor’s story set me ill at ease. As I grew closer, it became clear that it was constructed from all manner of indigenous materials and stood about ten feet in height and twenty in breadth. It was an improvised and rudimentary dwelling and one that had obviously been long since abandoned. It was literally falling apart and the briefest of searches showed it to be quite empty. My heart lifted at the thought that Gregor may have been wrong, that this Alvarado was nothing more sinister than a cantankerous old sailor who was now expired. Not far behind the shack I could see that the land sloped away. This decline was arrested by a series of rocky bluffs that initially rose and then dropped to the raging sea a hundred feet below. This was surely the spot where Gregor had seen Alvarado toiling mysteriously at the mouth of the cave. From here, looking back the way I’d come I could understand now why someone would choose to live in this remote and impenetrable spot. It was protected from the worst of the weather by the hilly drumlins through which I’d struggled the day before and as far as I could ascertain that was the only point of access or egress. A defensive recluse could not conjure a better citadel from his imagination. I went then towards the rocky headland to investigate. If anything lay in wait there, it had to be confronted. I crossed the distance as quickly as I could, my heart pounding as I went. Scattered here and there I saw the bones of long dead animals. As I grew closer, and just as Gregor had described, I saw a haphazard aggregations of soil and rock. By the time I’d reached the escarpment the ground everywhere was covered in a conglomeration of detritus and earth, the obvious result of Alvarado’s digging. And then I saw the hollow in the side of a hill: A pitch-black maw like a wound in the Earth. I edged toward it but could make out nothing from its inky interior. I stood before this mysterious entrance for a moment or two, then took a deep breath and plunged inside.
The first thing that struck me was the smell. There was an overpowering odour that seemed to come from the bowels of the Earth itself; the ancient, evil reek of hell. I staggered onwards, slipping on the damp and serrated ground. The passage was obviously an excavation of some sort and it began to fall steeply downward. It was hard to believe that one man could have mined so much soil on his own. My heart was beating so hard in the darkness that my chest hurt. I struggled on but there was nothing to see. All was suffocating, velvety darkness.
But then, at last, I sensed a change; an expansion in the passageway. I called out and the echo seemed to come back from high above me. The tunnel had changed and it felt like I was standing in the midst of a great expanse under the Earth. Looking back, there was a dull glow from the way I’d come. The rough outline of objects began to emerge from the gloom: Large shapeless boulders and precarious looking stalactites; the craggy limits of the cavern floor in front of me. And, far down below where I stood, something else. An object vast and imposing that reflected an altogether different light, more beautiful and uniform across its surface than mere rock. I was about to move towards it when a noise made me jump: A booming drum-like thud that echoed up from the deep. Boooooooom. It was coming from the same area as that strange light-reflecting colossus: A distant subterranean place within the world. It rose up like a great vibration that could be felt more than heard. Then, a few seconds later, it came again. Boooooooom. I felt the throb rising up through the rock and into my legs. For some savagely intuitive reason I don’t understand, that noise scared me more than anything else I’ve experienced on this island and I turned and ran back along the tunnel. I was about half way up, when my foot struck something and I stumbled, pitched forward unceremoniously and ended up on all fours. In stubborn curiosity I groped about to see what had halted my retreat, and eventually located an object other than dirt, rock and debris. It was a solid regular shape, as smooth and flat as leather; so out of context with its surroundings that it took me a moment to realise what it was. A book! I picked it up and hurried on towards the surface. It was far more difficult scaling that muddy slope than it had been coming down it and I was breathing heavily and covered in soil when, after what seemed like a never-ending ascent, I re-emerged into the blinding mid-morning light and fell, gasping, onto my hands and knees. 
When my vision had readjusted, I examined the object I’d discovered down there in the darkness. It was a small leather-bound volume. I turned it over in my hands and scrutinised it closely. On its front was written in elegant cursive:

The Journal of Manuel Alvarado
First Mate of the Sulfuro, September 1809

Taking the book with me, I began to walk, eventually making my way to the cliff-face nearby. And there at the islands edge I now sit and update this account. I have just taken the last of my food and water and will need to navigate the catacombs again soon. But first I will read a little of Alvarado's journal and try to extricate some meaning out of all this madness.




TEN

The journal of Manuel Alvarado

[Editors note: As previously stated Alvarado’s journal was excavated together with Kirillov’s suicide note and S.E. Morelle’s own work at the A-2 site on the island. A number of pages had been carelessly torn from the front of this manuscript and it was written in a strange hybrid of Portuguese, Spanish, English and a number of East African dialects. It is translated here by my friend and colleague Prof. Bomtempo, UCLA. Such terms as have no known translation in any language have been retained in their original form. R.M.]

How does one wake from a ten thousand year sleep? Of course when the nechima measured what it had been waiting for and began its inexorable process I became aware. But how does one wake?
In the reakai I lay for ten millennia, physical atrophy stayed by hundreds of electrodes, madness kept at bay by a complete suppression of dream-state sleep, or at least the cognisant recollection of it. All the nourishment my body required was supplied twice daily by subcutaneous discharges. Aging was slowed to one thousandth its customary rate. The reakai provided all. And yet now after all of that and everything since, I stand on the verge of entering the nechima itself.
And yet I tarry in the completion of my task. Perhaps I have lived among the anxhum too long but I feel the desire to record. I have found this old journal among Alvarado’s possessions and it is as good a means as any to tell the story. Soon my long isolation will be over and all indigenous life on sul6174-3 will come to an end. The nechima has been excavated and the doorway exposed. I need only prepare the necrorot and another world will be created.
My designation is 17-833. My proper self I will come to later but at one time, I appeared as the man Alvarado. In truth, his body was merely an empty husk into which I had poured my own genetic consciousness. Before my time as Alvarado I masqueraded as hundreds of anxhum. I was an Austrian prince and an African slave. I slipped, unseen, from one to the next, a wraith without substance, the anxhum never suspecting that I moved among them.
Two centuries ago I woke, the automated voice of the nechima working its way through my mind. The long subterranean gloom was like a fitful dream that I didn’t understand; a brooding hibernation that had lasted but an instant, and yet had gone on forever. And while I slept a dark malevolence had turned itself inward and nourished dormant abilities. Perhaps that was a secondary purpose of the ulsep. Did the reakai somehow impart these strange traits upon me?
Whatever the cause was, upon waking they were as much a part of me as any physical appendage. I found myself capable of surviving in the oxygen laced atmosphere of sul6174-3 without artificial aid; I was able to disengage mind from corporeal orhm - not to simply exist, detached within the ether, but to displace my consciousness into the living body of another. Somehow I knew the process by instinct - a dark, cognitive proclivity imparted during ulsep.
The first possession was undertaken by entering through a facial orifice. The attack introduced molecular formations directly into the objects cranium which involve the accelerated alpha decay of carbon-14 isotopes in cerebral matter. My own body would then die while I lived on within this new orhm, a breathing, sentient body I now possessed. Lacking this material shell, my newly disembodied, parasitical consciousness would simply dissipate into nothing and existence would cease. But ensconced within a new guise, it could begin to undertake its deadly work.
The great possibilities of the new power soon became apparent. I emerged from the shadows to begin the slow process the eclatthud had long since desired. And in this manner, I have been passing from one to another of them for centuries. Unlike my initial displacement to anxhum orhm, I later had to learn to transmit my consciousness intra-species. It is undertaken in a different way to the first migration. I must break the skin of the object and displace directly into its blood stream. It is a violent and unseemly process but an expedient one that must be observed continually, before the molecular cells of the orhm begin to mutate themselves back to eclatthud appearance. This moment of passing from one fleshly covering to another is instantaneous and feels to me like a ravaged and dissipated sliver of light between two eternities of darkness. Perhaps that darkness is death?
When in trans-species possession I utilise my iliektin powers to coerce other sentient organisms into actions they are not aware of. Removed from my own genetic framework it can be a crude and imprecise ability and one that often results the object being razed. I can also manipulate atmospheric conditions though this is less precise again. But despite my immeasurable superiority to the fauna of this world, I am clearly incapable of surviving without them. I am endlessly forced to pass from one anxhum to the other like some malevolent germ. And this immutable fact, more than anything else, has made me despise them.
Isolated as I have been on this island, not displacing for decades, I am now fully evolved back to my allegiant orhm. Of course, I am not completely isolated; the idiot Kirillov is here. But he is of no interest to me. I am fully engaged by my task.
~
Two hundred years ago I re-emerged into the Indus Valley where the reakai had been interred for long millennia, before any anxhum had ever come to that place. That beginning is dark and veiled but I awoke to the blinking lights of a console; and a voice. I did not know anything. But the message kept repeating itself, slowly and patiently: The voice of the nechima, clarifying and deciphering – a slow melodic hum inculcating a long forgotten task. It took my debilitated limbs a long time to remove the hundreds of electrodes that connected me to the reakai. And even longer to extricate my emaciated frame from the tangled, inglorious setup and begin the slow ascent to the surface.
Having completed the dangerous passage through rock and soil I emerged into a dank, fetid shrine constructed for some forgotten deity. I sensed a living thing nearby and sought it out; all my will was bent upon finding it. In the forest outside I discovered a sleeping wretch and began the grisly work. I locked on with a blind ferocity. The anxhum consciousness is less focused than the eclatthud and given to rambling cerebration. His final thoughts were clouded by a fog of fear. And for the briefest second I saw the residue of my own body through his eyes and I too was afraid. When I transfer a shadow of the orhm consciousness comes with it, intact but altered, skewed like the reflection from a broken mirror. For me, this first, sudden jolt of memories and emotions was so powerful I almost lost consciousness. Then there was the enervating realization that I existed, transferred into this singular orhm. Trying to control the movements of this alien thing was unaccountably difficult. I felt an initial pain like a hundred thousand nerve endings all firing at once. I observed and touched what were now my hands and arms and face with a sickening wonder. My altered senses disturbed me; sight, hearing and smell were all out of balance; anxhum touch is very sensitive and everything I laid my hand upon seemed alive with resonance. As I left the catacombs beneath Rakhi Garhi, I imagined the sky black with eclatthud ships, poised to unleash a vast army across the surface of sul6174-3. I quickly pushed the thought from my mind; such dramatic action is no longer required to conquer a world.
It became immediately obvious that a regular exchange of orhm would be necessary if I was not to be discovered. Dark scopulae would appear upon the body after only a matter of days. Grey tagmata would begin to re-emerge and imprint themselves upon the anxhum orhm. These never-ending interchanges soon became the surreal rhythm of my existence. I began, of course, to realise how far anxhum society had advanced while I was entombed. They were no longer the benign savages we had initially studied upon our arrival. Indeed they had become so brutal and voracious as to be hardly recognisable as the same species.
~
Our evolution and morphology is unique. As the eons passed after we gained sentience, we advanced exponentially. Procreation naturally became a carefully controlled process. Through rigorous eugenics we achieved a physiological perfection. Our dense genetic structure rendered us impervious to injury and disease. Our mode of communication evolved from verbal to purely haptic and our means of manipulation from physical to iliektin and physical. These traits were often seen as god-like to primitive indigenous populations such as the anxhum.
The anxhum knew naught about the universe that surrounded them and their attempts to extrapolate a coherent explanation were a peculiar mix of superstition and fear. The multiworld and mutual contact point theories - concepts which allow the eclatthud to travel vast expanses of space to effect exogenesis - are unknown to them. Even the innumerable inworld planes which facilitate the separated desires of innumerable living entities are beyond them. Perhaps given time they would have grown but we cannot concern ourselves with such suppositions. They have been assessed and deemed below the level of advancement that would debar the ecosynthesis procedure.
My species has always existed. The farthest edge of our collective consciousness remembers the formation of the galaxy. We grew multitudinous and were forced to move far beyond our own star-system, searching for new worlds to colonise. Exo-group 17, the vast scientific armada of which I was once part, travelled this quadrant for centuries. The ability to traverse vast distances is based upon an ancient technology. Our ancestors quickly realised the impossibility of subjugating the emptiness between worlds using spatial technologies. Instead they employed temporal means. As with the reakai we restructured time to our own ends. The mechanisation required to unlock the multiworld is huge and complex - a sending station can encompass an entire star system. And even employing such scientific advances our physiology meant that a negligible number of planets were suitable to our purposes. Something else would also be required. Ecosynthesis - the systematic modification of a world’s atmosphere, temperature, topography and ecology. This kind of planetary engineering is a slow and complex process but time, like everything in the universe, is relative.
Ecosynthesis engages an accelerated fabrication of a sustainable ecosystem on a previously uninhabitable world. Advanced biology, chemistry and mechanics are all employed in the process of transformation. Indigenous life on sul6174-3 for instance, requires carbon in both reduced (methane derivatives) and partially-oxidized (carbon oxides) states. It also appears to require nitrogen as a reduced ammonia derivative in all proteins, sulphur as a derivative of hydrogen sulphide in some necessary proteins, and phosphorus oxidized to phosphates in genetic material and in energy displacement. Adequate water as a solvent supplies adequate oxygen as constituents of biochemical substances. Through the sustained introduction by the nechima of chemicals not found on this planet the processes outlined above will be halted and eventually reversed. This will cause the extinction of all indigenous life within a very short period and the eventual restructuring of atmospheric conditions to those conducive to our requirements. Such are the mechanics.
When we first came to sul6174-3 ten thousand years ago, the primitive humans we encountered called us Mahaakaaya Ajana Deva. Our appearance was frightening to them and they thought we were some species of demon. We were much larger in stature and reminded them of things they already greatly feared. Temples and sects were founded to appease us. Sacrifices were made and wars waged in our name. Great works of art were commissioned and songs composed. This was so long ago that none now live who remember it. We have passed into legend. But it was our initial interaction with the anxhum which set them upon the path they have taken. Primary practice was undertaken, cataloguing and recording all facets of indigenous life. Specimens of every genus on sul6174-3 will live on in a virtual environment we created for them on board the ehshimpor.
Our objective on sul6174-3 was to install the nechima. We had installed similar apparatus on planets all across the region. Each world has only a small possibility of developing the atmosphere required before the method will work and each has an ulseper ready to be awoken when the nechima dictates. The whole procedure is automated; the nechima continually monitors the terrestrial atmosphere waiting for the optimum conditions to arise. When they do, it begins its work. There is a failsafe mechanism however; conditions must be confirmed by the ulseper before planetary engineering commences. We are not murderers and will not begin unless the percentage chance of success exceeds an agreed level. This is because a necessary by-product of the process is the eradication of all indigenous life: A purge down to the sub-atomic level to ensure our unique requirements are achieved.
The nechima is hidden deep beneath the surface of the planet to avoid detection. The ulseper arrives separately, launched in reakai stasis from orbit. When awoken, he utilises a devise called a necrorot to open the nechima. It is the key to the entire process. This is the procedure that began on sul6174-3 ten thousand years ago. I am this world’s ulseper. And the nechima has recorded optimum atmospheric levels.
~
Returning to my own tale, when the nechima roused me I realised something was amiss. The reakai which had kept me alive for so long was incomplete; it was not attached to a juactid as it should have been. These two are normally connected by a short length of reverse conduit through which the ulseper can move. Using a transmolecular transport upon impact, the reakai and juactid come to rest deep beneath the ground where they wait, undetected by prying indigenous life forms. The nechima uses a similar technology to relocate beneath solid ground, except of course on a far larger scale.
But the reakai was quite alone; its companion juactid was missing, and the reverse conduit led only into solid rock. The juactid contains all manner of apparatus required for the ulseper’s undertaking, including a personal transmolecular transportation device. Even this I could manage without but the necrorot was essential. It alone could open the entry portal in the hull of the nechima, which was constantly relaying its location to me. But the coordinates were useless without the ability to gain access. Only the ulseper and nechima together can execute the final command and begin ecosynthesis. I spent months digging frantically in search of the necrorot but I never found any trace of it; or the juactid which should have housed it. I could only surmise that something had gone terribly wrong upon entry into the atmosphere and it had crashed in some remote location.
And so with great difficulty and using only what was available to me in the reakai I emerged from the subterranean gloom and into the harsh light of sul6174-3. Hidden within my various orhm, I travelled to what was known to the anxhum as the Old World taking high level and powerful positions whenever I could. I infiltrated the royal courts of every European power and catalogued invaluable information for the reproduction we have created onboard the ehshimpor. I learnt about their history and culture, their beliefs and their darkest fears. As well as creating a holographic representation of sul6174-3, we have also populated it with real specimens of the flora and fauna, including hundreds of anxhum, all of whom will live out their lives never suspecting the environment is feigned. The ehshimpor is far away now and contains the remnants of hundreds of worlds. Its successor will arrive when sul6174-3 has been prepared.
For decades, I enlisted anxhum individuals to act as my spies. I ensured their loyalty by representing in haptic guise something which each one feared. I chose people with a speciality in rare objects and provided each with a description of the necrorot. Their purpose was simple – to act as my eyes and ears across the planet. I gave each an improvised communication device and instructions on how to use it to contact me. In all the long years since I have heard nothing. But then the nechima would suffer no further delay. It entreated to me to begin the process. And so I set about getting to the island. And when I finally did, all that awaited me was the long backbreaking work of excavation. 
~
As I moved unseen, among the courts of Europe always I would listen for tales of strange events that might have been related to the missing necrorot. Such legends are surprisingly numerous among the anxhum and I spent years investigating them, but none were ever anything more than innocuous artefacts in dusty museums. Never did I discover even a hint of the thing. I next travelled into the very heart of Africa. Years wasted blindly roaming the primeval jungle, driven mad with impotent frustration, before fate threw an adventurous nomad in my path and I annexed his flesh for myself. This elderly man led me to the crumbling cities of an ancient plain and there I again investigated rumours of arcane or abstruse apparatus amid the local mythologies.  Years passed in this way. One day I found myself in possession a young boy called Meni, never for a moment thinking that he would be the last but one anxhum orhm I would ever inhabit. He herded goats in a great valley and slept at night under a firmament so dazzling it scarcely seemed possible. I tarried and even grew to enjoy this simple life. The idyll came to an abrupt end, however, when Meni was snatched from his village and unceremoniously marched to the coast to be sold as a slave. I found the experience strangely compelling. In Zanzibar, we were paraded along with hundreds of others in a large market square, a merciless sun beating down upon us with silent indifference. We were traded to a Portuguese merchant and moved to his galleon. I observed it all impassively. In bondage to a South American plantation owner, we were shipped in horrendous conditions aboard the Sulfuro, shackled and crammed into a humid stinking pit below deck. I quickly grew tired of my observations in the face of these hazardous conditions but restrained as I was, could not move to anyone without first being released. But by then something else was occurring. I had begun to sense that we were moving closer to the nechima. With sullen determination, I probed about the vessel invading dreams and driving the crew from their senses. I delved into their thoughts with a deep and eager malice. I tormented the ships captain, never giving him a moments rest. He awoke each morning unsure even if he was alive or dead. Soon he was behaving quite erratically, making decisions that were to my advantage alone. I drew down a fog that left the ship adrift and its crew gripped by an ever more desperate fear. In this way, I could guide the vessel in the direction of my choosing and I drove her ever on towards the nechima, which called me now with a hungry expectation. I meddled with the scientific instruments aboard the ship. Confusion abounded. Then, one day, the first officer Alvarado came below and began releasing slaves from their chains to be taken up on deck. His maltreatment of Meni was the last thing he ever did. When I resisted his efforts he beat down upon me with an adroit cruelty. I quickly pressed his skull within a claw-like grip and tore into him with dull fury, eradicating every trace of him and replacing it with myself. I looked out through these new eyes and saw Meni’s body below me, already dead. I decided then to send the whole ship of them to the bottom of the ocean.
From Alvarado’s mind, I read that he was in the hold with the purpose of rounding up victims to be sacrificed to his captain’s madness. Other slaves around me looked upon the scene they had witnessed dumbfounded. I calmly continued Alvarado’s errand and gathered up a group of them to be killed. They cowered in mute agony, already resigned to oblivion. And so in the guise of this truculent egotist I bided my time. The ships captain was by now insane and even without further intervention from me he was growing more so by the hour. I retreated to my quarters and brooded upon what I would do when I reached the nechima. These morbid efforts, however, were interrupted the next night by the captain setting the ship on fire. It was my own fault - I had driven him from his mind and then left him to his own machinations. The conflagration spread quickly and without mercy. Crewmembers emerged from blazing hatches and threw themselves into the seething currents below. I suddenly appreciated my own predicament. The only means of escape was aboard the ships longboat so I ordered the first crewmembers I could find to help me launch it. After some frantic efforts, four others and I found ourselves being pitched unceremoniously from the ship into the no less precarious torrents below. We were driven eastward by a howling gale and watched in silence as the Sulfuro became an ever decreasing light upon the pitch-black horizon. Alvarado's body was worn out and it drifted into sleep. It awoke to a nightmare. Remember to survive I need a living orhm whose physicality must be sustained like that any living creature. Together with these others, though, I found myself with only such food and water as was stored beneath the cutter’s thwarts and adrift in an ocean that was vast and feral. Searching my overcoat, I found nothing more useful than Alvarado’s logbook. My crewmates were of little assistance, preferring to spend their time squabbling or sprawled listlessly in the sun. Gregor Kirillov was the one exception. We became allies in those first few days because at least he had some ideas to tender, unlike the three other dolts with whom we shared the raft. Gregor thought we should tack against the prevailing easterlies and sail to the west since at least we knew for certain that Africa lay somewhere in that direction. I pretended to agree but, of course, I had other plans. I sensed that the nechima lay to the east and determined that we should sail that way. Gregor never knew about the gusts that I called up, with the last vestiges of my strength, to prevent his plan. I do not want to recount those weeks we spent at sea. My abilities grew as weak as Alvarado’s body. Storm after storm lashed us first in one direction and then another. We survived on rainwater and raw fish. By the combination of my final desperate efforts and some benevolent force, we managed to find this island. I knew at once that we had landed at the location of the nechima. By then only Gregor and I were alive, the other crewmen having perished of dehydration. We landed, ragged and emaciated and as close to extinction as it is possible to be while still breathing. I was too exhausted then to appreciate that my long adventure was reaching its climax. Slowly I built up my strength, finding fresh water and sources of food. As the weeks went by I grew tired of Gregor and his constantly repetitive chatter. The isolation of our new home seemed to unhinge him a little and he began to talk about getting back in the boat and striking east again. I would simply ignore him, preferring to stare into the fire, seeing there in its guttering embers the impermanence of all things - I will miss combustion when the atmosphere of sul6174-3 has been purged. I could sense that the nechima was hidden somewhere within the islands forested interior. I never even said goodbye to Gregor, I just left the camp one morning and set out to find it. I spent days wandering in the primordial woodland, foraging for food only when driven to by hunger. Eventually I located the nechima and set up a camp to begin my work there. It was deep within an ancient cave at the top of the island, which had long since been blocked by rock-falls and the pressures of time. Without transmolecular transportation I was forced to begin the long, slow process of manual excavation. With the necrorot none of this would have been necessary. I could have activated the nechima remotely from the surface. Instead my only plan now was to dig. Being trapped within the same orhm indefinitely, I found that my anxhum body began to evolve back towards its natural appearance. The limbs grew longer and began to develop the scopulae so familiar to me. The torso became a segmented cephalothorax and I abandoned the arrogant, upright gait of Alvarado. Incrementally and with bold purpose I became eclatthud once more.
The work of excavation was a slow and labourious one. It took years of dispiriting toil before I finally made the breakthrough I was waiting for. I cleared a number of boulders and found myself in a large cavernous space, deep underground. Just beyond this was a cramped and narrow fissure that led into a tunnelled-out run that bore the unmistakable mark of our ancient workmanship. Several days more labour revealed what it was I sought - the outer hull of the nechima. It gleamed with a dull luminosity; it’s tapering and curved braces rising up between horizontal members, and the whole covered by impenetrable titanium. Ever upward it went, eventually disappearing into the gloom of the mighty cavern whose own breathtaking scale matched that of the nechima. I could understand why this place had been chosen to house it.
Without the necrorot however, gaining access would be impossible. I could sense a dull fury emanating from the apparatus at my failure. The culmination of all my efforts was impotent despair and the nechima was not pleased.
But what happened next was both unexpected and inexplicable: I received a message from one of my anxhum spies. After two hundred years of silence I finally obtained a communication:

I have news Abecedary - news of the necrorot. Imagine my euphoria when, after all these long years, the very devise you instructed me to locate, appeared unbidden, upon my own counter; brought to this very store by a young women, possessing no idea whatsoever of its power. I had it in my grasp Abecedary - only for it to be rough-housed away by a loathsome, press-ganged mob. But even the briefest view of the device confirmed everything you told me; command and beauty radiated from every atom of it. I understand now the reason for our long search.
The woman was English and called herself Morel. I cannot be sure of details because my excitement at the sight of the object drove all rational considerations from my mind. Please believe me Abecedary that I tried everything in my ability to obtain it for you - even violence. Morel had a basic grounding in archaeology and was unreceptive to my attempts at deception. Damn her eyes! I even tried the subconscious methods you so munificently taught me, but my powers are pitiful compared to yours Abecedary.
Eventually I resorted to taking the object by force. And I had it, Abecedary - but Morel was not alone. Half a dozen toughs forced their way into my store and took her and the object with them. I fought them tooth and nail but there were too many for me. I beg forgiveness Abecedary. But all is not lost. I followed Morel and her cohorts back to a ship and there, made enquiries. She is bound for England - a voyage which will take her through the Indian Ocean and past the nechima itself! The ship left this morning. The vessels name is the Bhangarh, Abecedary, and it is headed straight for you, on a southerly bearing. By my calculations it will be at its closest in three days time, on the 29th of July.
In all the long years since you visited me, I have had nothing to report except rumour and speculation and I knew not to trouble you with such details. I remember well how to communicate this message, though I scarcely understand it. I have kept the apparatus safe beneath a floorboard in my office. It is covered with a film of dust an inch thick but I shall set this sheet of paper within it and proceed as you instructed me Abecedary. I am your faithful servant, always.

Could it be true? The very devise which would permit me access to the nechima and to wake it from its ancient slumber was to pass within the islands range? It was this wondrous, inexplicable providence that led me to record my history. Such a singular intervention must be of meaning. I wait now for the approaching Bhangarh. The ship is captained by a man called Feldner and I have attacked him with an esurience that only the desperate can call upon. I have quite destroyed his mind but I could not afford to let the necrorot escape. As my spy intimated the device is in the possession of a woman called Morelle who seems completely oblivious as to its power. Soon she will know.
~
I drew the vessel as close as I dared before slamming it into a small atoll a few miles north of here. Most of the crew died in the wreck but I have ensured that the woman and the devise have come ashore. She is camping now on the beach and seems unaware that Kirillov is living on the opposite side of the island.
~
The necrorot is mine. I collected it from the eastern shoreline today. But I cannot get it to function. Has the water damaged it? It seems to have no effect upon the nechima.
~
Kirillov is dead. And Morelle gets closer by the hour. For some reason she is coming here. I return now to the depths of the cavern to experiment with the necrorot. I am making progress.
~
Circular plates upon the necrorot began to rotate today and as they did so, they gave out the strangest sound I have ever heard - a long sibilant whisper that lasted for hours and resonated within my bones. And then a noise like a massive drum responded from deep inside the nechima: A deafening, relentless sound. A huge, previously undiscernible, portal began to move upon a skewed axis, turning obliquely, revolving, and opening. There is nothing more to say now. This record has ended. I must begin my work.




ELEVEN

The second journal of Sarah Elizabeth Morelle continued (circa 1878)

Non omnis moriar. [Editors note: The final of three Latin inscriptions in Morelle’s island journal.  This translates as “Not everything dies.” R.M.]

Weeks have passed since I last wrote in this journal. How can I finish such a singular story? I must at least try. Perhaps my mind is finally gone and what I write will make no sense but I must write. I will continue from when I sat at the edge of the island trying to decipher the ravings of Alvarado. As I did so, my mood went from curiosity to incredulousness. The events described were so entwined with my own history that it made me gasp. I was coming to the end of a first uneven perusal when I heard a sound and glanced around to see...
What did I see that day? Even now, I am unsure: A grotesque bête noire bearing down upon me. A huge segmented opisthosoma supported atop queerly jointed limbs, looking like nothing so much as an enormous arachnid. And yet it also seemed possessed of human characteristics. I remember most the hideously fanged orifice beneath eight burning red eyes. And at the end of a long segmented appendage a curved stinger six inches long that twitched and throbbed. It was this that the monster now aimed towards me. The whole effect was of a children’s nightmare somehow manipulated into movement and made real. Beneath the fervid eyes, the oral cavity abruptly pulled wider revealing serrated teeth and a grotesque tongue beyond. I have seen that maw in my dreams every night since then. And I think I will see it every night to come. The stinger thrust out towards me. In desperation to touch and transmit itself from that body into mine - if Alvarado's journal is to be believed then that was indeed its aim. Almost without realising it, I had grabbed the bamboo walking stick, which lay by my side, and with this I struck out aimlessly. The beast’s forward momentum impaled it upon my improvised weapon and it spun around and above me, pitching it forward and over the cliff edge. It pin-wheeled, seemed almost to float in mid-air for a moment, before gravity took hold and down it went, black limbs flailing wildly. It fell, crashing against the cliff face, limbs knocked into impossible angles, before eventually slamming into the foamy torrent one hundred feet below. There it thrashed for a while before it finally disappeared and was sealed over by the velvety waves forever. I stood silently looking down for a long time.
Only then did the suffocating dread fall upon me. If the monster from Alvarado’s treatise was real then perhaps the rest of that foul document was as well. I fell into a deep and anxious depression that I thought would have no end. But it was then as I was being dragged down into that familiar morass of loathing and trepidation that a single word became emblazoned upon my mind; a word that I fixed upon with all the fierce hope that I could summon. I dared not even speak the word aloud for fear that uttering it would somehow cause the thing it described to disappear into the ether. Perhaps by speaking, or even thinking it, reality would somehow reassert itself and my hope would prove to be an illusion. But what if it was real? For several minutes, I tried desperately to remember what had happened to the object I was visualising. I was certain I hadn't brought it with me when I’d moved across the island to Gregor's compound; that it was there among the items that had been left behind at my original camp. The things I had no longer needed. Without any further hesitation, I set out for the coast. It was a miserable journey back across the island; having no decent provisions I subsisted upon only such nuts and fruit as happened to lie in my path along the way. I was in such a state of fervour that I’d passed through the catacombs and creeper-choked forest and arrived at the lake before I literally collapsed in exhaustion. I slept on the ground where I’d fallen and at dawn, I pressed on again. I did not stop moving that entire day and long after the sun had set; I found myself staggering from the jungle and pitching forward onto my hands and knees upon the sand of the eastern shoreline.  I was in a wretched condition, bruised and bloodied, assailed by thorns and mosquitoes, but still I struggled on. The sea was calm and looked like a black mirror reflecting a million points of light. I located my old camp with its few remaining provisions and there, under an old tarpaulin, I found what it was that I sought: The case of dynamite that had washed up from the Bhangarh. Placing it within reach, I crawled under the tarp and slept the unfathomable and dreamless sleep of the dead.
The following morning the first thing I had to do was to walk to Gregor’s camp to collect our little fire making apparatus. While I was there, I also took some food and replaced the torn rags I was wearing, before finally setting out again for Alvarado’s lair. Undertaking the trip while carrying a case of explosive was a painfully slow endeavour and it took me three days in total to complete it; days I would rather forget. The waterfall alone took half a day to negotiate. When at last I found myself back upon the great plateau at the summit of the island and approaching the mouth of that hellish cave I was more afraid than I’ve even been. The rational part of my mind was in a state of extreme dichotomy. One half knew that the story in Alvarado’s logbook could not be real and yet the other half could not forget that thing that had attacked me upon the cliff-edge. Or the description of the very artefact I brought to the island. There was truth in that abominations account and my scientific mind could not dispute it.
I’d had a rudimentary schooling in the use of explosives from the quarry workers on my father’s plantation and set about positioning the charges inside the cave. I forced myself as far underground as I dared but was sure to turn back before the huge cavernous expanse I’d discovered during my first descent. In total, I set about a dozen charges and rewound the coil of fuse beyond the entrance to the fissure. Perhaps it was my imagination but I thought then that I could hear the sound of long-unused gears rising up from the deep. I am not a religious person but I blessed myself when I heard that noise, and then I lit the fuse and ran for thirty seconds before crouching down behind a mound of earth, to wait for the explosion.
Nothing happened. Tears began to stream down my face and I stood up, looking desperately in the direction of that fearful cleft. I had begun to walk towards it when I felt the earth start to rumble beneath my feet. I threw myself face down onto the grass just as a great spume of debris and soil filled the air ahead. A low rumbling continued for several minutes after the initial explosion and it was only when this finally ended that I got up and went to investigate.
The cave and the hillside were gone and had been replaced by a disjointed conglomeration of rocks and earth.
~
I sat and did nothing for a long time. And then I went to retrieve Alvarado’s journal, which was still where I’d left it, by the very northern edge of this cursed island. When I reached the spot I could not help but steal a glance over the cliff-edge to the raging sea below. I caught my breath. Something was down there on the rocks.
I staggered backward, my head swimming. After a moment, I stepped forward again and looked, but there was nothing there. And yet there was. Something grey and diffuse, barely discernable from the crags around it.  The ineffable outline began to emerge and take shape. It was the corpse of that hideous monster, washed up now upon the narrow shoreline.
I can’t explain what I did next. Something from my former life compelled me; perhaps the scientific curiosity of an innocent and naïve child. Whatever the reason, I spent the next hour risking my life by climbing down the sheer face of that bluff; the thought that I might not be able to get back up occurred to me, but it was brushed aside with stubborn stupidity. Dying held no fear for me now. I made it to the bottom and there, by the boisterous unending ocean, undertook an inspection of that odious creature and here I shall record what I found. It will be my final contribution to a scientific world that I will never now be a part of.
Even in death, the beast presented a mass and power more like that of a great bear than a human. Its head, torso and limbs were covered by a greyish-green and leathery skin. It had a tall skeletal body possessing very little soft tissue. On the whole were eight multi-jointed appendages of varying lengths, three of which ended in even-toed ungulate feet or hooves. One appendage, emerging from the midriff, was tipped by the crescent shaped stinger. The remaining adjuncts finished in huge tapering and clawed digits. Each of the eight appeared to be supported by sinuous strands of muscle connected to the trunk. It had a disproportionately large head, containing the mouth and eight jointed oculi and topped by a bony crest. There were no obvious sexual or vemeronasel organs. I attempted to cut the thing open to inspect its innards but my penknife was unable to pierce the osseous exterior. And so, losing interest, I began the arduous climb back up the cliff, leaving the remains of the eclatthud to rot where it lay.
~
And now I write the final words upon the matter. I am back at the beach and will never again return to the other side of the island. As the years pass, I will know if the nechima was destroyed or not. I have seen no sign upon the island that its deadly work has begun. I can only guess that the creature Alvarado had not completed the process when I interrupted him. But if everything else he wrote is true then more may come and I have no means to warn the outside world of the danger that threatens it.
Instead let these words be an end to Gregor’s story and to mine. I will gather up all these strange documents and bury them. Just as I have buried Gregor alongside the other three crewmen at the longboat and marked the place with a cross. As for me, I shall endeavour to carry on and make the best of what remains to me here. What other option is there? I have my animals to feed and an orchard to tend and fresh water to fetch. I may even find some little peace. And if not, then there are always the cliffs. But I have had enough of recording. Let the Earth take it all as it eventually takes everything else.




TWELVE

A news article carried by the New York Times (03.03.1921)

Tragedy at Sea
(by Con Augsburg)

Mystery once again surrounds the future of an American led expedition to recover the Sulfuro, an infamous slaving galleon lost in the Indian Ocean one-hundred and twelve years ago. The White City mission has been beset by tragedies from its inception, the most recent of which is the suicide of a crew member. This latest in a long series of macabre incidents must surely signal the end of the ill-fated venture. When I interviewed the expedition organiser Peter Boitard last month, he downplayed his misfortune however. “I don’t believe in curses.” laughed the Harvard man. At the time Boitard was referring to the disappearance of his ships Peruvian quartermaster, Carlos Ramirez, which occurred soon after White City made land. “Of course we considered calling off the mission but Carlos was passionate about our goal and would have wanted us to continue.” 
   It was on this previously uncharted island that the international team made their now celebrated discovery of the longboat from the Sulfuro together with the remains of five of its crewmembers. “We were amazed.” Boitard's eyes twinkled with excitement as he recounted the most singular archaeological find of recent times. “This confirmed Guttmundson's letter. There had been survivors from the fire. We were on the right trail.” The recently unearthed correspondence Boitard was referring to was a missive written by the only known survivor of the conflagration and sinking of the Sulfuro: The ships Norwegian doctor, Volkert Guttmundson. In it, the physician claimed to have witnessed a cutter launched from the galleon with several people on board, contradicting the official report he later made to the naval authorities. Boitard continued, “When we found the human remains and the site of a dwelling further up the beach we had definitive proof that the letter from Guttmundson to his wife was the true account of events and that several crew member from the Sulfuro had made it to the island alive and stayed there for some considerable time. It was a significant find in its own right and it gave us a starting point for our search. All we needed now was the ship.'
But the newly christened Sulfuro Island unexpectedly took precedence over the hunt for the lost wreck. The atoll was found to be teeming with some exceptional specimens of fauna including four previously undiscovered species of chiroptera. Also discovered was a huge network of caverns and hollows that coiled their way beneath the islands surface. The expedition’s science team laid charges and began an extensive excavation process of these subterranean structures, which were found to have massively elevated levels of electromagnetism. Geological survey work was progressing well when hopes were dampened once again, this time by the disappearance of the expedition’s chief scientist Alan Edger. Thankfully, Edger turned up safely after spending several days lost within the labyrinth of underground passageways, having suffered no more than dehydration and amnesia.
The most recent victim of the Sulfuro curse has not been so lucky however. The cables report that an unnamed crewmember took his life over the weekend. Despite Boitard's undoubted stoicism and admirable spirit, this reporter fears that the latest tragedy may be the final nail in the coffin of his ambitious escapade. It is understood that a high profile sponsor has grown weary of the bad publicity and is withdrawing funds with immediate effect. At the time of going to press, Boitard was uncontactable for comment. On this occasion, science may need to give way to good taste.




EPILOGUE

Professor Richard Marsh (1936)

In the interests of historical completeness it falls on me to finish the tragic tale of Sarah Elizabeth Morelle. Peter Boitard, the head of the White City expedition, remarkably never published a paper on his findings and withdrew from all academic life shortly afterwards. I did manage to talk to him at his home in a remote corner of Washington State in 1927 however, and found him most candid and informative. He told me that when the White City landed on Sulfuro Island in 1921 they initially discovered the remains of one person in a dilapidated cabin on the western shoreline before later excavating four more bodies buried beside what was left of the beached longboat, the graves marked by crossed spars of bamboo. It was, at first, assumed that all five were the survivors of the burning Sulfuro as described in Dr Volkert Guttmundson’s letter. And it was this story that was impatiently released to the world. He then left his research team to begin the work of excavation, and returned to America to plea for the funding he required to continue searching for the Sulfuro herself. That miserable, weary enterprise was unsuccessful and he arrived back at the island a month later to find an inexplicable suicide and his science team is disarray. He curtly informed them that the expedition was out of money and they would depart in the morning. The night before they were due to leave he walked along the eastern shoreline and came to Morelle’s original camp. A serious itinerary had never been undertaken of the A2 site which seemed little more than a driftwood frame that was battered and slowly rotting at the edge of the jungle. He half-heartedly poked about before sitting down in the sand and staring out to sea. And it was there, wistful and melancholy, that Boitard happened to spy a small pyramid shaped accumulation of stones a little way along the beach. He ambled up to investigate and discovered Morelle’s second journal together with Gregor Kirillov’s suicide note and Manuel Alvarado’s logbook. She had been as good as her word: She had not burned those documents, but instead had carefully wrapped them in goat-hide, buried them at her former camp and marked the spot with a mound of rocks. Boitard took the three volumes with him and kept them in his personal collection. They made it clear that the four buried bodies were Kirillov and his crewmates, Morelle obviously taking it upon herself to complete the ghoulish task of consigning the dead. The body in the cabin then was surely hers; that poor lady died alone, after who knows how many years and what further miserable privations, upon the island.
When I showed him the old press clipping from the New York Times he read through it several times and grew visibly upset. He explained it was written at the height of his obsession with the Sulfuro. Soon after the article was filed, the team responsible for “the most singular archaeological find of recent times” was out of finance and influence, lost amid reparation commissions and the fall of Ulan Bator to the Red Army. “We were yesterday’s news.” he said “with no option but to abandon Sulfuro Island as we had found it, aberrant and empty; deserted except for the gloomy remnants of long-forgotten voyages.”
Finally I asked him if he believed Morelle’s account. And what he made of the grotesque composition written in Alvarado’s journal. I remember his reply verbatim.
“Perhaps you think me a fool for not linking our own misfortunes with the histories described by Morelle and Alvarado, but remember I am a man of science whose rational mind could never take the supernatural seriously. Or at least I was. As I grow older I think perhaps I am more akin to Horatio of Wittenberg than anyone else, unwilling to see the ghost upon the rampart walls.” He held up the newspaper clipping and said, “The events described here were fifteen years ago Professor Marsh, but lately my dreams are increasingly haunted by the macabre spectre of what might have occurred beneath that island since then.”
After this candour Boitard would say no more. He claimed to have no further interest in the matter and gave me the original documents in his possession to house here at the university museum. As I prepared to take my leave he said his only regret in the whole affair was being too late to meet the remarkable Morelle in person. And upon that matter, if in nothing else, we are in complete agreement.




AFTERWORD


Thank you for reading the Sulfuro Bhangarh Manuscripts. The genesis of this work occurred during a night-time flight over the Mediterranean in September 2007. Looking from the cabin window I saw a tiny, shimmering atoll lost amid the vast emptiness of ocean and fancied that whatever joy or misery was occurring there was completely self contained; unbeholden to the outside world; set apart from the tenets of civilisation. Obviously in our digital age this was more reverie than truth but it has not always been so. And as we all know, even today there are dark corners of the world where reason holds no sway. I have always felt a great affection for island tales, from the adventures of Jim Hawkins and the psychosis of Dr Moreau to the primal regression of Jack Merridew, and this is my homage to the genre. The magnificent isolation that a land apart affords the writer is an opportunity like no other; a chance to create a self contained world where ones protagonist is forced to face what we all fear the most - ourselves.

http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/ThomasCurtis
