

SEX
GHOSTS
ROCK AND ROLL
THE STRAY SWANS
DAVID WITTEVEEN
A NOVEL

The Stray Swans
David Witteveen

Published by David Witteveen
Smashwords Edition


Copyright © David Witteveen 2017
David Witteveen asserts his right to be known as the author of this work

Print ISBN: 978-1-38-0981707-6
Ebook ISBN: 978-1-37-062575-8 (this edition)

First edition, printed July 2017.
Ebook version 1.0 November 2017


Artwork, cover and layout by David Witteveen.
Edited by Scott Vandervalk.
The Stray Swans
01: NOW
02: AUGUST 1991
03: NOW
04: AUGUST 1991
05: NOW
06: AUGUST 1991
07: NOW
08: AUG–SEPT 1991
MEMORABILIA #1
09: NOW
10: SEPTEMBER 1991
11: NOW
12: NOVEMBER 1991
13: NOW
14: DEC 1991–JAN 1992
15: JANUARY 1992
16: NOW
17: FEBRUARY 1992
18: MARCH 1992
19: NOW
20: MARCH 1992
21: MAY 1992
22: NOW
MEMORABILIA #2
23: JUNE 1992
24: NOW
25: JULY 1992
26: AUGUST 1992
27: NOW
28: SEPTEMBER 1992
MEMORABILIA #3
29: OCTOBER 1992
30: NOW
31: OCTOBER 1992
MEMORABILIA #4
32: NOVEMBER 1992
33: NOW
34: NOVEMBER 1992
MEMORABILIA #5
35: NOW
36: NOV–DEC 1992
MEMORABILIA #6
37: DECEMBER 1992
38: NOW
39: DEC 1992–JAN 1993
MEMORABILIA #7
40: FEB–MAR 1993
41: NOW
42: AUGUST 1993
43: AUGUST 1993
44: NOW
45: AUGUST 1993
46: SEPTEMBER 1993
47: NOW
48: OCTOBER 1993
49: NOW
50: JANUARY 1994
MEMORABILIA #8
51: NOW
MEMORABILIA #9
52: FEBRUARY 1994
53: NOW
54: FEBRUARY 1994
55: NOW
56: FEBRUARY 1994
57: NOW
58: FEBRUARY 1994
59: NOW
60: MARCH 1994
61: NOW
62: APRIL 1994
63: NOW
64: APRIL 1994
65: NOW
MEMORABILIA #10
66: NOW
67: NOW	
CODA
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
MEMORABILIA #11
For Angelica, my rebel girl
I still dream about Kurt.
—Dave Grohl
And the day keeps on remindin’ me, there’s a hellhound on my trail.
—Robert Johnson, ‘Hellhound on My Trail’
01: NOW
Vee has been dead for twenty-five years when she calls me in the middle of the night.
My phone buzzes against the tiles of the bathroom floor. Even fully submerged, I recognise the ring tone: Joy Division, ‘Dead Souls’. Bernard Sumner’s abrasive guitar riffs sound distant and dreamlike through the bathwater, like broken glass smoothed by the sea.
And then the bathwater burns my throat.
And I wake up.
And I realise that I’m drowning.
I splutter to the surface. Retch. Cough. Gasp. Water dribbles from my lungs. I suck oxygen. Cough again. Lean back against the tub and try to stop my heart from hammering through my ribs.
The phone is still ringing.
I reach for it, rooting through the discarded clothes and spilled valiums and empty wine bottles until I find the hard metal rectangle. It vibrates against my fingers like a bird.
‘Hello?’
Static. Distortion. Then a girl whispers through the white noise.
‘Cat? It’s me. It’s Vee. I need your help, shortie…’
That voice. My spine runs cold despite the water’s heat. ‘Vee?’
‘It’s coming for me,’ she whispers. ‘The shadow. I can’t hold on much longer.’
A wave of static drowns her out, and the connection dies.
My heart is racing. Sweat trickles down my back. Is this real? Did that just happen?
Vee. My best friend. I haven’t heard her voice in so long. Not since the car crash, and the band broke up, and we laid her broken body in the grave.
Not since the shadow killed her.
Rolling Stone Australia ran her photo on the cover as a memorial. We were a one-hit grunge band, nowhere near successful enough to earn such an honour. But pretty girls sell magazines, even if they’re dead.
In the picture, Vee is tall and lanky, grinning at the camera. Her face is half-hidden by long, tangled hair the colour of orchids: blue and purple, red and green. You can see her nose ring, and the tattoo on the inside of her wrist as she tucks a strand of that magnificent hair behind her ear.
She was a pale blonde on the night I met her. The dyed hair, the nose ring, the tattoos all came later. Her smile was the same, though. Dreamy and excited, grey eyes shining with joy. It was the first thing I noticed about her, the first thing that made me like her. And then I heard her sing…
It’s my fault she died. The shadow was after me.
And it almost had me tonight. That wasn’t an accident, the drowning. I took the pills and wine on purpose.
The only thing that saved me was Vee’s call.
I stagger out of the bath. I collapse wet and naked on my bed.
I try to sleep.
I fail.
02: AUGUST 1991
Busking late at night outside the General Post Office on the corner of Bourke and Elizabeth Streets. I had a cheap imitation Stratocaster and a battery-powered amp, and I was vamping around with an old Robert Johnson blues tune. The notes echoed off the concrete buildings. It was cold. It was wet. I had school tomorrow and I’d only made nine dollars. I was thinking about going home.
A group of metalheads walked by, all tight blue jeans and black leather jackets, skolling beer from VB longnecks.
‘Play “Stairway to Heaven”,’ one of them yelled.
His head was shaved, and a hairy chin patch dangled from his bottom lip like a giant brown centipede. His friends surrounded me, looming and smelly.
I shrunk back, intimidated. My hands went clammy and slipped on my fret board. I stopped playing. Wiped my palms. Fumbled with my glasses.
‘Zepp-lin,’ they chanted. ‘Zepp-lin.’
A girl was with them. She smiled apologetically, and tried to drag the guy with the chin-stripe away. The girl didn’t look a headbanger. She was tall and skinny. Her pale hair was knotted and waist-length. She wore a floral baby doll dress and a green army coat with band names written all over the back in black texta. Her feet were bare despite the cold. She tugged on her friend’s arm again.
‘Whatever,’ the guy muttered. ‘Chicks can’t play guitar anyway.’
The others laughed. I glared up at them.
Screw that.
I ran through Stairway’s opening riff: an A minor arpeggio, descending bass notes in counterpoint to the rising melody. A riff so famous it was banned from guitar shops worldwide.
The metalheads clapped sarcastically.
I kept playing. The intro was the easy part.
First verse. I played Robert Plant’s vocal melody on the top strings, and simultaneously wove chords and counter-melody underneath it on the bottom ones. My fingers danced up and down the fretboard.
I was seventeen, shy, a five foot two geek. I had acne and glasses and pear-shaped hips. I wasn’t pretty. I was nothing like the girls in magazines. But I could play guitar.
Goddamn could I play guitar.
The metalheads grunted in surprise. The blonde girl laughed, delighted, and started to sing along.
And her voice…
Warm. Hoarse. Eerie in its purity. Like an angel that smoked too many cigarettes. My spine tingled. Goosebumps prickled my arms.
We reached the hard rock section at the end. Her voice rose and she howled. Pedestrians jumped. The metalheads joined in, flat and drunken, headbanging and miming air guitars.
We finished. They all cheered. The girl smiled at me, cheeks flushed, and then hid behind her long hair, suddenly self-conscious.
‘Mate,’ the chin-stripe guy slurred. ‘That was awesome. You in a band?’
‘Not yet,’ I said.
‘You should join ours! I’m Dave. Here.’
He thrust a beer bottle at me. I reluctantly wiped the rim and drank.
‘Now you’re in our band,’ Dave said.
They cheered again. They were all outrageously drunk.
‘Gee,’ I said. ‘Thanks.’
I hated metal. I was a total music snob. I firmly believed good music died in September 1970 along with Jimi Hendrix. Modern pop music was dull and commercialised in comparison. Heavy metal, though, was the ultimate insult. It took everything pure and beautiful about Hendrix’s music and turned it into caveman thuggery, tedious guitar solos, and pimply sexual frustration.
I loathed it. Except: that girl. That voice. I had to play with her again.
‘I’m Catherine,’ I told him. ‘Where do you practise?’
03: NOW
It’s not a real suicide attempt if it doesn’t leave a scar.
The thought loops through my head all night. I’m awake when my alarm goes off. I’ve been awake for hours. Heat leaks around the edges of my curtain. Last night’s bathwater has long since dried. I drag myself out of bed. Make coffee. Take my pills.
The bathtub is still full of water. I drain it. Shower. The water is too hot, then too cold. Afterwards, I stare at the stranger in the mirror. Bags under her eyes. Grey in her hair. Tattoos fading on her arms like battle wounds from a forgotten war.
Vee called me last night.
But that’s impossible. Vee is dead. I was drowning. I must have hallucinated.
I pull on my clothes. Blue shirt. Plaid skirt. Sensible black sandals. Work clothes. Schoolteacher clothes. I-was-a-rock-star-twenty-five-years-ago-but-now-I-have-a-real-job clothes.
I shove my lesson notes into my satchel. I close the door on my empty flat.
This is madness. I know that. Last night I tried to kill myself, and this morning I’m off to work. But what else can I do? It’s not a real suicide attempt if it doesn’t leave a scar.
The sunlight outside is like fire. A cruel summer, as Bananarama sang.
I hurry towards the train station.
*
My regular train is so packed I can’t get on. The next one doesn’t even stop. I wait on the platform, clammy from the heat.
The sunlight is too bright. Sweat stains my armpits. A raven picks garbage out of a rubbish bin, and I can make out every individual black feather, hyper-real, glossy as an oil slick.
I feel dizzy. Nauseous. The wine and the valiums are still worming their way through my blood. I need breakfast. Or another coffee. Even that horrific instant stuff from the staffroom at work. Anything to dilute the toxins in my gut.
The raven looks up. Fixes me with its liquid eye.
‘The dead,’ it croaks, ‘stay dead.’
I vomit.
04: AUGUST 1991
By the time I reached my train station, night had fallen outside.
I was late home. Which meant I was in trouble. I ran from the station, school bag thumping against my back, amp heavy in one hand, guitar case swinging in the other. The cold air froze in my lungs. The streets were black, the familiar houses eerie in the dark.
In my back pocket was a scrap of paper. On it was written an address, a phone number, and the name of Dave’s band: Indented Head.
I turned down my side street. My house was up ahead, the sixth on the left, at the top of a small hill. Light glowed out from behind the lounge room curtains. My parents were waiting for me.
A stitch bit into my side. I stopped running to massage it out.
My ragged breathing was deafening in the silence. The hairs on my arms rose. The thin line of sweat down my back froze and clung to my skin.
Out of the darkness circled a pair of flies.
I stared at them. A nameless fear grabbed me. Beneath the scent of the rosebushes and garbage bins and wet bitumen, I could smell rotten meat.
A fly landed on my face. My arms wouldn’t move. My lungs stopped breathing. The fly crawled up my cheek towards my eye.
I bit my tongue. The bright flash of pain cut through my fear, releasing me. I gripped my guitar and ran home.
*
‘Catherine? Is that you?’
I tried to sneak down the hallway, but Mum’s voice halted me. She came out from the lounge room, arms crossed, face angry. Like me, she was short and dark-haired and wore glasses. But that was all we had in common.
‘You’re late,’ she said.
My hands were still shaking from the nameless fear.
‘I was studying,’ I blurted out, ruder than I had planned. ‘At a friend’s.’
‘With your guitar?’ Mum cast a sceptical eye up and down me. ‘Don’t lie, Catherine. You were out busking again.’
I sighed. ‘Okay, yes. I was busking. So what?’
‘It’s dark outside. We had no idea where you were. And you have school tomorrow. That is what, young lady.’
‘Fine. Sorry. Can I go now?’
Mum shook her head in frustration. ‘Exams are coming up. You need to concentrate on your homework.’
‘If you’d let me study music, busking would be homework.’
‘We’ve discussed this, Catherine. Music is hardly a secure career.’
‘Maybe I don’t want a secure career!’ I turned and stomped down the hallway to my bedroom. Mum called after me, ordering me to stop. But I slammed my door shut on her voice.
*
There are things that live in the darkness. Shadows. Ghosts.
They prowl through the night, black claws scraping, long teeth glinting. They find their prey. And then they chase and they chase and they never let go.
There are ways to drive them off, for a while. They come back, though. They always come back.
I knew this. I’d known it my whole life. Something had been stalking me since the day I was born. I tried to tell my mother about it, when I was young. She told me to stop being foolish. I never bothered telling anyone else.
There are things that live in the darkness.
And I had to fight them on my own.
*
My bedroom. My sanctuary. One entire wall was covered in posters of my heroes: Eric Clapton, Roger McGuinn, and above them all, the immortal Jimi Hendrix. I rested my electric guitar beneath the posters, next to the Yamaha acoustic that used to belong to Dad. He gave it to me as a present for my thirteenth birthday, because I played it more than he did.
I picked the Yamaha up, sat on the edge of my bed, and ran through some scales to warm up. The old guitar’s action was too high, and its tone was boxy. But any music was better than no music. I added chord to the scales, shaping them into a melody, using the melody to smooth my anger away.
Mum and I fought constantly. She knew I wanted to be a musician. Not for the fame, or the fortune, or any of that rubbish. I wanted it for the music. I wanted to live music, and breathe music, to spend my life making beautiful noise. That desire burnt inside me like a nuclear reactor. It powered everything I did. I taught myself from Dad’s old Learn to Play Guitar books. I practised hours each day. After I finished them, I started busking so that I could pay for my own lessons.
The whole time, Mum criticised and complained.
My finger wove up and down the fretboard, improvising, exploring different chords and variations. I forgot about Mum. I forgot about our argument. The world faded away. All I cared about were the notes.
Song writing can be hard work. You might have a melody that you like, but the chords are wrong. Or the chorus is brilliant but the verses don’t work. It can take days or weeks of work to chisel the pieces into the right shape until they fit.
But sometimes songs just come to you, complete and perfect, like a gift from the universe.
A riff came to me. Bluesy. Driving. Dark and otherworldly. I played it over and over until I was hypnotised. The riff was good. Really good. I felt like I was floating on the music.
Someone knocked at my door, and I crashed back down to earth.
‘Go away,’ I yelled.
The door opened anyway. Dad stepped halfway into my room. He held up a hand in a gesture of peace. ‘There’s dinner in the kitchen,’ he said.
I kept playing. ‘I’m not hungry.’
Dad scratched his beard, and stepped inside completely. He listened to me improvise for a minute.
‘Your mum’s pretty upset,’ he said.
‘Good. She started it.’
‘Come on, love. You’re too old to play that game.’
He sat beside me on my bed. Up close, he smelt of whisky and wool jumpers, earthy and comforting.
‘I wish you two wouldn’t argue,’ he said. ‘I get enough of that at work.’
Dad was a high-school maths teacher. He got to practise his classroom management skills on Mum and me far too often.
‘It’s her fault,’ I replied. ‘She’s the one who freaks out every time I play guitar.’
‘She doesn’t freak out,’ Dad said. ‘She just thinks you need to focus on your schoolwork. And frankly, so do I. It’s your final year. Exams are coming up.’
‘Exams are months away.’
‘But you need to be studying for them now. It’s important, Cath. Which degree you get into, which uni you go to—these things have a big impact on your future.’
‘I don’t want to go to uni, Dad. I want to play music.’
‘I know, love, I know.’ He stared sadly up at the posters on my wall. ‘But your mum is right. It’s is a vicious business. For every big-shot rock star there’s ten thousand who never make it. You need something else to fall back on.’
‘So what—I have to waste another three years studying?’ I stopped playing to face him. ‘I’m not an idiot, Dad. I realise how hard it all is. The sooner I start, though, the more chance I have. And I’m good. I’m really, really good.’
‘Yeah. I know. We both know that.’
‘Mum sure acts like she doesn’t.’
‘She’s worried about you, that’s all. Your mum’s been through a lot in her life.’
He sighed. A sadness crept into his eyes that seemed to be deeper than just my argument with Mum. I wanted to ask him what he meant, what exactly Mum had been through that made her so anxious and mean.
Dad shook himself. His smile returned. The moment to ask was lost.
‘Go on, then,’ he said. ‘Play me something.’
I thought for a minute, then finger-picked my way through The Byrds’ old single, ‘Eight Miles High’. The droning psychedelic chords washed away his sadness and my anger. Dad nodded when I finished.
‘I’m glad I gave you that guitar,’ he said. ‘You’re much better than I ever was. Just do some homework too, hey? To keep your mum happy.’
He kissed my cheek and slipped out the door.
*
Sleep didn’t come that night. Too many thoughts crowded in my head.
Who was the blonde girl? Was she serious about those metalheads, or could I persuade her to start a new band with me? What if she didn’t like my songs?
The questions raced around like ferrets, keeping me awake. What if I didn’t make it? What if I wasn’t good enough? What if I was stuck here in the suburbs for the rest of my life?
I had to stop, I realised. My thoughts were going to bad places. And when that happened…
It was too late. I could hear a noise in the corridor outside my room.
First: the buzz of fly wings. One or two, to begin with. Then more. A cluster. A swarm. The buzz grew louder and louder. And then the scrape and scratch of huge claws on the hallway carpet. Prowling. Stalking. Coming closer. So close I could hear the creature’s thick, wet breathing, as if its lungs were full of mud.
My heart raced. I knew that sound. I had heard it my whole life.
The shadow was coming.
‘Go away,’ I tried to whisper. My mouth was dry. The words wouldn’t form. My nerves were full of static, buzzing in time with flies.
The heavy claws stopped outside my door. I could smell it now: rancid meat and stale blood.
‘Go away,’ I hissed.
A sound like knives gouging wood. It was scratching at my door. It was coming for me. My heart stammered in fear. I had to stop it getting in. I had to drive it off. And I knew the only way how.
I forced myself to roll over. Hidden under my bedside lamp was the blade from a pencil sharpener. I grabbed it. Held the blade against the soft flesh inside my left arm. Sliced.
Pain, ragged and hot. Drops of blood welled up.
I sliced a second time. The pain was like a torch. It burnt through the miasma, seared away the buzzing. Blood and pain, the most primal form of magic. I held the blade against my arm, ready to make a third cut.
The shadow snarled once and then loped away.
I waited until it was gone, until the last foul traces of its smell had faded. Then I snuck down to the bathroom to clean and bandage my arms. My parents were sound asleep. They had no idea a monster had been stalking their house just minutes before.
Good. Let them stay ignorant. The shadow was after me. There was nothing they could do to help.
On the way back, I checked my bedroom door. There were three fresh gouge marks in it, just above waist height. Whatever the shadow was, its claws were as big as my head.
I shut the door tightly and wrapped my blankets around me like a shield.
05: NOW
Late. Running.
Head still dizzy. Mouth burning from stomach bile. But I’m late. So I run. Through the wrought iron gates of Harrowfield Girls Grammar. Past the pines. Up the bluestone driveway. Into my Maths classroom.
My students cheer sarcastically.
‘Sorry,’ I puff. ‘Sorry. Trains. Okay… Where were we? Sine and cosine?’
The students grumble, the closest they come to saying yes.
I start the lesson. Diagramming. Explaining. Asking questions. Answering them. The geometry distracts me from my spinning head and cramping stomach.
But I can’t stop remembering. A suicide attempt. A phone call from a dead friend. A talking raven. Something is wrong. Something weird is happening. I need to go back to my doctor, get my medication adjusted.
The bell rings. The girls run out before I can assign them any homework.
Except for one.
A chubby Sri Lankan girl. She has a shaved undercut and wears battered Doc Martens with her school uniform. Her arms are wrapped around a cheap guitar bag.
Even twenty-five years later, the sight of it fills me with both yearning and with dread.
‘Miss?’
‘Yes…?’ God. What’s her name? Sharni? No: Shanti.
‘Fiona said you’re in a band? The Swans, or something?’
A stab of fear.
‘The Stray Swans. Yeah. I was. But that was a long time ago.’
‘We’re in a band. Fiona and me.’ She grins proudly. ‘We’re terrible.’
‘Oh.’ I jam my lesson notes into my satchel. I need coffee. I need to escape. I can’t talk about this. I’m a maths teacher now. The band is literally dead and buried. ‘Well, you know. Practice makes perfect.’
Shanti doesn’t give up. ‘We saw your video. On YouTube. Your band was amazing.’
She hugs her guitar tighter. Her pause lengthens into a request.
‘I… No, Shanti. Just no. I can’t help you. I haven’t played in years.’
‘But you guys were great!’
‘I said no, Shanti. Ask the music department.’
I run out of the classroom. Heart pounding. Afraid.
Twenty-five years. Twenty-five years since Vee died, and I still get the panic attacks. The sun outside is unforgiving. The girls look like flames in their yellow uniforms. The sports oval shimmers like a field of ash.
‘Oh Vee,’ I whisper.
I miss her so much my chest aches.
06: AUGUST 1991
The school week finally ended. Saturday finally came. I packed my electric guitar into its gig bag, checked I still had Indented Head’s address, and snuck out of the house while Mum was on the telephone. Dad was in the front garden, spreading fertiliser on his roses.
‘Busking?’ he asked.
‘Band rehearsal,’ I answered. ‘Don’t worry. I’ve done all my homework.’
He put the bag of fertiliser down, preparing to say something. But I was already walking away.
Indented Head rehearsed way out in Dandenong. I had to catch the train into the city, change, then catch the second train all the way out to the end of the line.
A couple of grizzled junkies were in my carriage, nodding off in the winter light. I sat down the other end from them. No-one else was in the carriage with us. Several stations rolled past. Bored, I unzipped my guitar and played around with the bluesy, otherworldly riff I wrote the night after I met Indented Head.
The riff was good. But something was missing. All the songs I had written were instrumentals. I’d tried writing lyrics, but they always felt clumsy and awkward. And I was far too self-conscious to actually sing. Without words, though, the riff just circled and circled, going nowhere. It needed lyrics to give it direction. It needed a singer.
One of the junkies half-opened an eye, glared reproachfully at me, and then fell back to sleep. I kept playing.
The sleeve of my jumper had ridden up while I was playing. I pulled it back down, hiding the row of scars along the inside of my forearm.
The suburbs slipped past. The train pulled into Dandenong Station. I checked the map I had copied out of my parent’s Melways, and I started walking. I walked for fifteen minutes, up a steep hill, heavy guitar strapped to my back, the handle of my amplifier cutting into the palm of my hand. Rain clouds rolled in from the west. The air smelt of ozone and eucalyptus trees. Magpies cawed at me as I passed.
The place was easy to find. I could hear the band tuning up a block away.
They were setting up in a garage with the door open and I could see all their equipment. Marshall stacks. Gibson guitars. A PA and mixing desk for the vocal mics. All I had was my cheap imitation Strat and a tiny practice amp.
And I was the only girl. The blonde wasn’t there.
I hesitated.
You could go home, I told myself. You’d lose nothing except the train fare. It’s a nice day. Just pretend you went out for a walk.
The band were messing around. One of the guitarists played the riff to ‘Purple Haze’, then mimed choking on his own vomit. The rest of the band snickered.
My palms sweated. The amp slipped in my grip.
What do you want, Cat? You want to waste a day with these smelly guys, playing music that you hate? You could go home. Practice. Write your own music. You’d never see the blonde girl again, but you wouldn’t be stuck here with these neanderthals.
I put the amp down. Wiped my palms. Picked it back up again.
‘Hey,’ I called out. ‘This the rehearsal?’
The band saw me. The guy with the chin-stripe cheered drunkenly. ‘It’s Catherine! It’s the Pussy Cat!’
I gave him the finger, smiling. He grinned and gave me it back.
*
They handed me a VB and introduced themselves. Dave the bass player, the one with the chin-stripe. Pete the drummer. Spider and another Pete on guitars.
‘Where’s the girl?’ I asked. ‘The singer?’
‘Vee?’ guitarist Pete answered. ‘She’s at work. She’ll be by later tonight.’
Spider sniggered when he saw my amp.
‘Plug into my stack, kid,’ he told me. ‘We won’t hear you with that.’
I was still hooking up my pedals when the drummer suddenly yelled ONE TWO THREE FOUR and the band launched into a deafening thrash metal song.
I cowered away from the speakers. Was I supposed to join in? I had no idea what they were playing. My ear was good, but they kept jumping keys and time signatures. I tried a few power chords, but I was always a beat behind.
The song ended with a wailing solo from Spider. He finished and looked me up and down.
‘You know any Metallica?’ he asked.
‘No.’
‘Slayer?’
‘Sorry.’
‘So what do you like?’
‘Hendrix. The Byrds.’
‘Jesus, Dave,’ Spider said. ‘You’ve let a bloody hippy into me house.’
I could feel my cheeks burn. I ransacked my memory for anything even vaguely hard rock. More Zeppelin? Cream? There was Hendrix, of course. But Hendrix was sacred. And after Spider had mocked the way he died, I wasn’t going to share that holy music with these louts.
‘What about Black Sabbath?’ I suggested. ‘“Iron Man”?’
Spider didn’t answer. He just turned to his friends and played the opening riff. The rest of the band joined in, and I joined in with them.
It was messy. Spider was taking the lead guitar part, Pete was filling the rhythm. There was no room for me, nothing for me to do.
Stuff them, I thought. We hit the first verse, and I grabbed Ozzy Osbourne’s vocal line.
And it started to work. We settled into an uneasy groove. I let Spider take the show-pony solos, while I concentrated on getting the melody right, singing the words under my breath, moving my fingers in tune.
The song built momentum. We were still wobbly. Guitar Pete fluffed the chord changes. I came in late for the second verse. But we were playing. Rattling and unstable, but making music. Spider ran a solo over the outro, pulling his rock star face.
Home stretch. Final notes. End. The strings quivered under my fingers like a racehorse after a sprint. I felt good. Excited. Pleased I stuck around.
‘Hell yeah,’ said Dave.
A neighbour was standing in the driveway. ‘You’re too loud,’ she complained. ‘Turn it down.’
And then the rehearsal just evaporated.
Dave and Spider tried to work out a riff. The drummer pulled out a bong and lit up. Guitarist Pete left to buy more beer. Everyone ignored me. They wasted the rest of the afternoon like that. We’d play half a song and then stop. People wandered off. Eventually they all drifted into Spider’s lounge room and put on an Iron Maiden video.
‘You want some pizza?’ Dave asked me.
‘Are we finished?’
He shrugged. ‘We’ll play some more when Vee gets here.’
‘What time? I need to get a train home.’
‘Nah. It’s cool. I’ll drive ya.’
I hesitated. The sun was setting, and I didn’t know how safe the Dandenong line was after dark. Dave seemed nice enough, but he’d been drinking.
Which did I want more: safety? Or a chance to play with the girl again?
‘I’ll stay,’ I said. ‘Can I come with you to get the pizzas?’
‘Yeah, no worries.’ We walked outside to his ute.
‘What’s up with Spider?’ I asked. ‘Is he mad at me or something?’
‘Ah, ignore him. He’s just jealous. How’d you learn to play like that, anyway?’
‘Practice,’ I said. ‘Lots and lots of practice.’
‘Ha,’ he said. ‘Good answer.’
*
When we got back, a stack of grease-stained pizza-boxes in hand, the lounge was full of new people. Friends, girlfriends, hangers-on. Dave introduced me to a scowling redhead called Renee who glared at me as soon as his back was turned. I was the outsider again. The lounge room was too crowded and stank of smoke. I wandered out to the garage, and strummed my unplugged guitar.
‘G’day shortie,’ said a voice.
I looked up. It was the girl. Vee. She was skinnier than I remembered, and taller, and her messy hair was so pale it was almost white. She was barefoot again. Her toes were turning blue.
‘Hello stretch,’ I answered back. ‘Don’t you ever wear shoes?’
She shrugged, drinking red wine from a bottle.
‘Play something,’ she said.
I plugged the guitar in. Thought for a minute. Strummed the opening chords to ‘The Wind Cries Mary’.
Vee laughed. ‘Hendrix! I love Hendrix!’
She slid up to a microphone and sang along.
Angel voice. Husky and warm. Wrapping itself around my guitar work like a cat against a heater. And then soaring up for the final verse: diamonds and church bells, Armenian choirs.
People clapped when we finished. They were leaning in the doorway listening. Vee grinned, cheeks red, hiding her face behind her long, pale hair.
‘We should do this,’ said Spider.
The band shuffled back to their instruments. Vee and I grinned at each other, excited.
‘Let’s do “Eaten By Maggots”,’ said Spider. ‘Ready?’
He counted us in. And then a shockwave of guitar and drums hit me. I counted the time under my breath, playing the riff they’d taught me that afternoon. Vee stepped up to the mic for the first verse. I dropped the riff right back, leaving her room.
The rest of the band charged over her vocals like a herd of rhinos.
I couldn’t hear a word she was singing. Vee couldn’t even hear herself. She tried to sing louder, and Spider drowned her out with a pointless wailing guitar solo.
These guys, I realised, were idiots. They had something amazing in Vee. But they were too busy showing off to each other to let her shine.
Renee staggered into the garage, and vomited pizza all over Spider’s amp. The music stopped instantly. Spider swore at her, then at Dave. ‘Your bloody girlfriend’s a drunk!’
‘I better go,’ Dave said, packing up his bass. ‘Get her home.’
‘But you’re my lift,’ I said.
‘I gotta get her home,’ he shrugged. Renee gagged and vomited a second time on Spider’s living room carpet. ‘Sorry.’
The rest of the band were packing up too. None of them were sober enough to drive. Pete called a taxi, but it would have cost me a fortune to catch one home.
Shit bugger shit.
I found Vee. She was pulling on her army coat, preparing to leave.
‘Dave was going to drive me home,’ I said.
‘Yeah. Renee’s really drunk.’
‘I know. It’s just—I can’t get home. He was my lift.’
‘Oh.’ Her grey eyes struggled to focus on me. She was drunk too.
‘Can I stay at your place tonight?’ I asked.
She looked suddenly terrified. ‘My dad…’ she said, and didn’t finish.
‘No. Right. It’s okay.’
She left. Spider had gone to bed with a bottle of Jim Beam and one of the girls. The other Pete was passed out on his couch.
I found a corner of carpet as far away from Renee’s vomit as possible, curled up, and tried to sleep.
*
Dawn broke late the next day. Rain battered the windows.
My neck and back were stiff. I was freezing. The other Pete had disappeared while I was asleep. I stood up, tiptoed across the lounge room, listened at Spider’s bedroom door. Someone was snoring in there.
I was starving, too, after all that second-hand weed. There were cold slices of pizza left on the coffee table and I was tempted to eat one, until I realised what I thought was an olive was actually a stubbed-out cigarette.
The rain picked up. I waited on the couch for it to end, but it just kept coming. After twenty minutes I gave up and decided to walk to the train station anyway. I zipped my guitar up tightly in its bag, wrapped my little amp in a plastic shopping bag, and stepped outside.
The raindrops were like bullets.
They soaked through my sneakers, then my jumper. The footpath was covered in mud. I trudged forward, weighed down by my instruments. The steep climb uphill was now a precarious slope down. The rain hammered into me, blinding me. I staggered and skidded and slid. Then my foot slipped on a pile of leaves, and I fell backwards onto my guitar.
I landed with a loud crack.
The guitar bag slammed into my lower back. Both my elbows scraped against the road. Mud splattered up into my hair. I rolled over to my knees and checked my guitar bag.
The neck of the bag slumped sideways.
‘Don’t cry,’ I hissed at myself. ‘Don’t you dare cry.’
Footsteps, coming towards me. I turned my head, and saw a red tartan umbrella running through the rain. Beneath it: a green army jacket and bare feet.
‘I’m sorry!’ Vee said. ‘I was so drunk last night. I shouldn’t have left you alone.’
She held the umbrella over me, helped me stand up.
‘You really don’t like wearing shoes,’ I said.
She shook her head. She was frowning, genuinely distressed.
‘I slept on Spider’s floor,’ I told her. ‘It’s okay. I’m more worried about my guitar.’
‘I didn’t recognise you,’ she said. ‘You’re the busking girl. “Stairway to Heaven”.’
‘Yeah. I’m Catherine.’
‘I’m Violet. But everyone calls me Vee.’ She tilted her head. ‘What happened to your guitar?’
I showed her the limp neck. We stood there, wet and awkward, not sure what to say next. I started shivering. Vee slipped off her army coat and insisted I wear it. It was knee length on her. On me, it trailed in the mud.
‘I’d invite you back to my place,’ she apologised. ‘But…’
I nodded. ‘It’s okay. I really have to get home.’
She walked with me through the rain to the station, holding her giant umbrella over me. A train was already waiting at the platform.
‘That’s my train,’ I said. ‘I better run.’
‘Okay.’ Her long hair fell over her eyes.
‘Listen,’ I said. ‘Do you want to come over some time and jam? I have all these songs, but I can’t sing and…’
Vee grinned. ‘Sounds wonderful. What about next Sunday?’ She pulled a pen and sketchpad out of her coat pocket. ‘What’s your address?’
I told her and she wrote it down. The train doors beeped.
‘I have to go,’ I said.
Vee nodded. She stood at the station gate, watching me as I sprinted along the platform and slipped through the closing doors.
The train pulled away. Vee vanished into the rain. I sat down and inspected the damage to my guitar.
It was bad. The entire neck had splintered off where it joined the body. The guitar was unplayable. I looped my guitar strap through the amp handle so no-one could steal it, then curled into a ball to sleep.
*
I woke by instinct just before Blackburn Station. The rain had stopped. The sky outside was the colour of gold and smoke. I slung my broken guitar over my shoulder and walked home. Suburban houses lined the streets on either side of me, grey in the aftermath of the rain. Inside them, middle-aged families made dinner and waited slowly to die.
Footsteps followed behind me.
They were close. Slow and dragging. Claws scraped against the concrete path. The hairs on my neck stood up, and goosebumps prickled my arms. I could hear breathing, so close and cold it froze on my neck.
Turn around, I told myself. Turn around and look.
But I couldn’t. I was too scared.
We will take her from you, said a voice. We will devour everything you love.
I fought down the fear. Spun around.
Nothing. The street was empty. There was nothing behind me except some flies weaving patterns in the cold winter air.
07: NOW
Home.
A one bedroom flat in Preston. I open the windows to let in fresh air. Pour a wine. Think about making dinner. Pour another wine instead.
The flat is silent. Every unwashed dish is exactly where I left it. So is every speck of dust. I need a boyfriend. Or a cat.
My laptop is on the couch, buried under a pile of marking.
No, I tell myself. Don’t.
But I excavate the laptop. Open it. Search YouTube.
And there it is: The Stray Swans—Remember.
We shot that video at Dipstick Studios. A single VHS camera and a spotlight. Christian drunk. Vee miming the words. I can’t remember who the director was. Some film school student Phillip found.
The cursor hovers over the link.
Do I click it? Do I dare? Could I bear to watch it again?
The dead stay dead. That’s what the raven told me.
That’s the whole problem, isn’t? Vee. My father. They’re all dead and they’re all staying dead. I don’t need a talking raven to tell me the obvious.
Unless…
Unless…
Unless it wasn’t a message.
I gulp down my glass of wine.
What if it was a threat? What if it was an order? What if the dead don’t always stay dead, and the raven was warning me to back off?
And what if pigs flew like zeppelins, Catherine.
This is madness. You hallucinated. The rest is just yearning and dread. Go to the doctor and get your prescriptions changed. Birds do not speak. The dead do not return. The world is as rational and bleak as it has always been.
Except…
When I was young, I was haunted. By a demon. By a hellhound. By a creature from outside the rational world. I don’t know what it was. I don’t know where it came from. I only know it was real. I swear it was real.
I called it the shadow.
And if demons are real, why not ghosts?
I close the laptop. I pour out the rest of the wine. Dry summer heat rolls in the open windows, smelling of petrol and dust.
Are you still out there, Vee?
Are the dead not staying dead?
08: AUGUST–SEPTEMBER 1991
My radio alarm clock blared into life, dragging me out of my sleep. It was Monday morning. Time for school. I burrowed into my doona, not wanting to get up. My throat hurt. My nose was blocked. My back still ached from the fall that broke my guitar.
The song on the radio ended and a new one started. A lone guitar riff, just four chords, scratchy and jangling. I reached out to hit the snooze button.
The bass and drums kicked in.
And my radio exploded.
Abrasive distortion. Howling vocals. The song hit me like a heart attack. I couldn’t breathe until it pulled back for the verses. And just as I was recovering, the chorus punched me again, like a syringe full of adrenaline and black coffee. I couldn’t understand a word the singer sang, but I understood completely his anger, his frustration, his ferocity and despair. It felt like he was peeling open my chest and gripping my heart in his teeth. By the time the song finished, I was panting, elated, in shock.
‘That’s the new single from a little Seattle band,’ the DJ said. ‘They’re called Nirvana, and the single is “Smells Like Teen Spirit”.’
‘More like “Smells Like Teen Mumbling”,’ joked the other DJ.
I quickly turned the radio off. My hands were shaking. My cold was gone. I had never heard a song so crude and yet so powerful.
And I was almost certain that one of the band names Vee had written on the back of her jacket was Nirvana.
*
The week crawled past. August ended. September began. Officially it was spring, but the rain was still cold and unending. I stared out of my classroom windows, watching the rain batter against the glass, waiting for Sunday to come.
On Saturday, I took my broken Strat to the Music Exchange to get it fixed. The Music Exchange was my local second-hand instrument shop. Guitars hung from the rafters like pheasants in a cellar. I had to duck through Fenders and Rickenbackers and Gibsons to reach the counter.
The shop was run by two aging rockers, their grey hair greased up into enormous quiffs, their fingers yellow from roll-your-own cigarettes. They were busy with a customer, so I put down my guitar bag, and gingerly lifted a Rickenbacker 370/12 off the wall.
It was exquisite. Twelve strings. Maple and rosewood semi-hollow body. Three fat Hi-gain pickups. Worth thousands of dollars. I strummed my way through ‘All Along the Watchtower’, and it just sang under my fingers.
‘Nice guitar that,’ said one of the shop owners.
I blushed, hung it carefully back on the wall, and laid my cheap Japanese Strat out on the counter. The store owners bent over it like forensic pathologists.
‘Bloody Norah,’ one laughed. ‘You get a bit Pete Townsend with this one?’
‘No, I tripped.’
‘Jesus.’ He ran his fingers up the fretboard and over the headstock. ‘We’ll have to reglue the neck. And re-screw these machine heads. Better test the electrics, too. That pickup looks dodgy as.’
‘How much?’
He chewed his lip for a minute. ‘You bought this from here, didn’t you?’
‘Yeah. Three years ago.’
He looked at the other owner, who nodded. ‘A hundred all up?’
That was cheap. But it was still three or four weeks’ worth of busking.
I took the guitar back home, telling them I’d return when I had the cash. On the way out I ran my finger over the Rickenbacker again, drunk on its beauty, heartbroken that I would never, ever own it.
*
Sunday finally came. Someone knocked on my door around 3 pm. I ran to answer it before Mum did.
Vee stood on our verandah, her hair drenched. ‘I got rained on,’ she laughed.
I invited her in. She wiped her bare feet on the doormat and waited in the lounge room while I fetched her a towel to dry herself. Then I introduced her to my parents.
‘Do you want some tea?’ asked Dad, looking up from the pile of homework he was correcting. ‘Maybe a biscuit?’
‘We’re here to rehearse, Dad,’ I groaned.
‘She needs something to warm her up,’ Dad insisted. ‘Vee? Tea? Tea Vee?’
Vee grinned at his stupid dad joke. ‘Yes please. Let me help.’
We took our mugs down to my bedroom. Vee looked over the pictures on my wall.
‘How’s your guitar?’ she asked.
‘Broken.’
‘Oh. That’s fucked.’
‘Yeah. I can’t afford to fix it the moment. But I’ve still got my old one.’
I lifted the acoustic guitar off its stand and checked the tuning. ‘So…’
Vee smiled. ‘So…’
‘Do you really like that metal stuff?’
She laughed and shrugged. ‘I like singing.’
We sat in an awkward silence for a moment.
‘What about Nirvana?’ I asked. I played the jangly four chord guitar riff.
Her eyes lit up. ‘You like Nirvana? Isn’t Bleach amazing?’
‘I don’t know it,’ I admitted. ‘I just heard this song on the radio.’
‘I’ll make you a tape. It’s incredible. You’ll love it.’
We played through some Beatles songs, some Hendrix. I taught her the words to Jefferson Airplane’s ‘White Rabbit’. Her singing was beautiful, but she seemed distracted. She kept checking her watch.
‘I need to go soon,’ she said. ‘Sorry.’
‘Oh,’ I said. ‘Are you sure? I was hoping we could maybe work on some of my songs…’
She checked her watch again. ‘I’ve still got a few minutes.’
I swallowed, suddenly nervous. ‘This is in A minor. I don’t have a name for it yet.’
Vee sat patiently on the edge of my bed, waiting. I nervously finger-picked my way through the bluesy, otherworldy riff. Vee nodded in time. I repeated the chord progression, and she started humming a melody. It took her a few bars to find the notes that fitted. But then we clicked.
Her voice rose clear and haunting around my guitar lines, improvising words:
lightning snakes across the sky
remember… remember me…
the black trees bend their branches high
remember… remember me…
lightning snakes across the sky
the black trees bend their branches high
the rivers crack, and the ravens cry
remember me
and I’ll come back to you
We built the music up slowly. Whirling. Entwining. Rising up together to a crescendo. The song peaked. Trembled. Gently faded down again to silence. We looked at each other, eyes bright, grinning.
Dad poked his head around my bedroom door.
‘That was great,’ he said.
Vee curtsied. Dad blushed and ducked out. Vee checked her watch again.
‘Bugger! I’m late. My dad will kill me.’
She grabbed her bag, and ran for the front door. I followed after her. As she ran out the door she turned suddenly and hugged me goodbye. I wasn’t used to hugs from strangers. I wandered back into the lounge room, dazed.
‘You sounded really good,’ said Dad.
‘Your father has a crush on your new friend,’ said Mum.
Dad scowled. ‘They sounded really good!’
I nodded, but I wasn’t really listening. We did sound good. We just…
I thought we would connect. Vee smiled and laughed and sang like an angel, but I still knew nothing about her. Who was she? What music did she like? Was she even interested in starting a band?
I sat by the lounge room window, drew my knees up under my chin, and watched the leaves dance with the wind.
MEMORABILIA #1
dear cat,
i was going to call you tonight, but my dad is downstairs being angry again and he won’t let me near the phone. so i’m writing you a letter instead. letters are better than phone calls, anyway, don’t you think? you can read them over and over, and no-one can listen in.
thanks for playing me your song. it was great! did you like my lyrics? they’re a bit nick cave. but nick cave is basically a god, so i don’t mind. let me know what you think next sunday.
see you then.

—love,
vee

ps. you do like nick cave, don’t you? i’m not sure we can be friends if you don’t.

pps. joking!

(sort of)
09: NOW
Tuesday morning. Teachers file out of the staff room, draining mugs of coffee before the first class. The Head of Maths glances up at me from his briefing notes.
‘Miss St. James,’ he says. ‘A word?’
The other teachers give me sympathetic looks. I sit back down in my chair.
‘Of course,’ I say. ‘What’s up?’
The Head of Maths wears a linen jacket despite the heat. His moustache belongs in the British Museum. He waits until the other teachers are gone.
‘You were late yesterday,’ he says.
‘Yeah. Sorry. The trains…’
‘And you didn’t clean your whiteboard after class.’
‘Sorry.’
‘Harrowfield expects a high standard, Catherine, of both our students and our staff.’
‘Understood. I’ll do better.’
He looks me up and down. His eyes linger disapprovingly on the exposed tattoo inside my forearm.
‘Are you unwell?’ he asks. ‘You look rather pale.’
‘I do feel a bit crook,’ I admit. My skin is clammy and my head spins. But not so much that I can’t spot an opportunity. ‘Should I take the day off?’
‘Hm,’ he grumbles. ‘We don’t want our girls infected. Just make sure you get a medical certificate, Miss St. James. You know the rules.’
‘Thank you,’ I say. I’m gone before he can change his mind.
The heat outside the staffroom is enormous. It feels like an animal pressing down on me, like some invisible megafauna from a prehistoric age.
Down the driveway. Past the pines. Towards the iron gates.
A sour vegetable smell wafts across the oval. Pot? Is someone smoking pot on school grounds? A shaved head peers out from behind one of the pines, and things suddenly make perfect sense.
‘Miss J!’ says Shanti. She grins and waves me over.
Music drifts behind the pot smoke: tinny electronic beats. I hesitate. Shanti will ask for my help again. And I’ll have to tell her I haven’t played music in twenty-five years. That even the thought of it makes my pulse stutter, no matter how many pills my doctor prescribes.
Shanti waves again. Against my will, I cross the oval.
Behind the tree, Shanti is hidden from both the school and the road. A friend is with her, a tall girl with greasy black hair hiding her face. Shanti cradles a sticker-covered Epiphone Les Paul on her thigh. The friend is tweaking settings on a laptop. Grey smoke lingers around their hair like a halo.
‘Come on, girls,’ I tell them. ‘You know you can’t smoke weed on school grounds.’
‘We weren’t,’ lies Shanti. ‘Hey! Want to hear our song?’
‘You should be in class.’
‘Play her our song, Fiona. Play it.’
The tall girl rewinds the song and presses play. Noise spills out. Video game bleeps. Distorted, out-of-tune vocals. Amateurish heavy metal guitar.
‘It sounds like a Dalek torturing a Nintendo.’
Shanti grins. ‘Yeah! Cool, huh? But it’s all kind of muddy or something? How do we fix that?’
I sigh. I’m feeling sick. And I swore I’d never play music again after the car crash. I’m a maths teacher now. Like my father. Dull and forgettable. But what sort of teacher would I be, if I turned my back on a student asking for help?
‘Everything’s clipping,’ I tell her.
Shanti and Fiona look confused.
‘You’ve recorded it too loud. See the VU meter? How it’s going into the red? It’s too loud.’
‘It’s meant to be loud.’
‘Not when you’re recording. You need to set your levels, otherwise the top end’s cut off and everything sounds like… well, like that.’
‘Can we fix it?’
‘You’d have to re-record the parts.’
Shanti grins up at me like a puppy begging for snacks.
‘Shanti, I’m busy. And I haven’t done this for decades. The last time I recorded anything, we used analogue tape.’
‘Yeah, but GarageBand is really easy. Even Fiona could figure it out.’
‘Hey!’ says Fiona.
‘Sorry. But you know what I mean. It’s easy.’ She turns back to me. ‘Please?’
Part of me wants to say yes. Part of me yearns to pick up Shanti’s guitar, to tune it properly, to once again feel the magic of wood and wire producing music. And the two girls remind me of Vee and myself. We were just as young and naïve once. We would have loved an older woman to mentor us. It would have saved us a lot trouble.
It wouldn’t have saved Vee from the shadow, though.
‘I can’t.’
‘But…’
‘I said no, Shanti. I have to go.’ I turn and leave. ‘And for God’s sake, don’t smoke pot at school. You’ll get expelled.’
I walk across the baking oval and out the iron gates, feeling the girl’s resentment follow me. The outside world is bright and harsh and loud.
I don’t go home. Not yet. I catch the train to Flinders Street Station. Then I go down the concrete steps into the underpass, and come up on the platform for the Dandenong line.
I missed Vee’s funeral. I was still in hospital at the time. But I remember she was buried at Dandenong cemetery.
On the platform, a seagull and pigeon fight over a dropped chip. Neither bird speaks to me.
Is that a good sign? Or a bad one?
10: SEPTEMBER 1991
‘Thanks for your letter,’ I said to Vee the next weekend. ‘Your lyrics were great.’
‘Oh! Thanks. I was worried they were kind of stupid.’
‘No. I liked them. Do you want to try them out again?’
We played the song together, and Vee’s words melded perfectly with my music. She sang the first verse quietly, and then screamed the second verse, broken and pleading.
Mum knocked on my door. ‘Catherine? Keep it down. I’m trying to read.’
We grinned at each other, guilty.
‘Oh, hey,’ said Vee. She fumbled in her coat pocket and held out a cassette. ‘I brought you something. A present. Here.’
The tape’s cover was handmade—a black and white photo of a topless model, cut out from a magazine and scribbled on with bright pink texta. I didn’t recognise the handwritten band names: Fugazi, Mudhoney, the Pixies.
‘Put it on,’ grinned Vee. I took out the Axis: Bold as Love tape from my stereo, replaced it with the mixtape, and pressed play. Music like sandpaper spewed out. People shouting. Muddy guitars. Vee’s eyes shone as she sang along.
Side one finished, and Vee grinned at me. ‘Wonderful, yeah?’
‘It’s… different,’ I said.
‘Oh. You don’t like it?’
I shrugged. I could see in her face how much she loved this music. People always said rock should be loud and dirty. But that wasn’t what I loved. I loved the beauty. I loved the transcendence. When I listened to Hendrix play, I felt free. I felt as if I was flying through clouds. His music carried me away from my grey little suburb in a grey little world, up into a world of brilliance and colour and light.
Vee’s tape just sounded like people yelling in my ear.
‘Maybe I need to listen to it some more,’ I said.
*
And I did. For Vee. I played the tape over and over all week. Every three songs I had to stop and play some Hendrix, just to clear the headache.
I wasn’t punk. I was the quiet girl at the back of the class, the one staring out the window instead of paying attention. I loved psychedelic music but had never smoked a joint.
‘Voodoo Child (Slight Return)’ was the closest I came to musical anger. Vee’s tape hurt my ears, as if they were being scrubbed with steel wool.
Except for one song. ‘Kool Thing’ by Sonic Youth. I’d heard of the band before, but I’d never actually heard their music. The song was a wall of dirty feedback, but there was a groove and a swagger to it that was infectious. It sounded cool, and it made me feel cooler just listening to it.
I picked up my guitar and figured out the riffs.
*
Vee worked Saturdays, and had church Sunday mornings. The massive train journey between Dandenong and Blackburn meant we only had a couple of hours together each Sunday afternoon before she had to head home. I offered to come to her place, to sleep over Saturday night so we could have more time to play, but she said her father didn’t like guests.
So she would knock on our door at 3 pm and then waste half an hour while she chatted gaily with my parents, admiring Mum’s book collection, complementing Dad on the garden, while I sat on the arm of the sofa and drummed my fingers. Finally, she let me drag her to my room.
‘I brought you more presents,’ she said, eyes gleaming. She rummaged inside her leather satchel and pulled out a photocopied booklet. ‘Zines,’ she said. ‘From America. And comics! You have to read Love and Rockets. It’s amazing.’
I paged through the zines. Photocopier collages. Handwritten reviews of shows by bands I’d never heard of. EVERY DADDY IS A RAPIST scrawled across an ad from the 1950s.
My dad taught high-school maths. He wore corduroy trousers and did the dishes every night.
I put the zine down.
‘Hey,’ I said. ‘Let me show you this song I worked out.’
*
We finished around 5 pm. Vee left me a stack of zines and comics, patted our cat, hugged my parents goodbye. I walked her to the station. Rain had fallen while we were rehearsing, and everything was vivid shades of blue.
I wrestled with something all the way.
‘Listen,’ I said finally. ‘If you ever need a place to stay, or someone to talk to… you can stay with us.’
She smiled at me, slightly puzzled.
‘My parents won’t mind,’ I finished, embarrassed.
‘Thanks,’ she smiled. ‘Look! Is that a magpie?’
*
Another Sunday. Vee came around for rehearsal, but she had a cold and could barely sing. She blew her nose on a grotty handkerchief and looked over the posters on my wall.
‘You’re an only child, right?’ she asked.
‘Yeah.’
‘God, you’re so lucky. I’ve got like a million brothers and sisters. Catholic families…’ She laughed, and then sneezed into her handkerchief again.
I played some chords on my guitar, finger-picking my way through an early Rolling Stones song. The sleeve of my hoodie kept flopping onto my strings, dampening them. I rolled it back and played the song again. Vee watched me, frowning.
‘What?’ I asked.
She placed a hand on my wrist and gently turned my arm over. Too late I realised what she had seen. My scars. They ran down the inside of my arm like slashes of red ink. I jerked my arm back, horrified.
‘It’s not what you think,’ I said.
Vee smiled wryly. ‘It’s okay, shortie. I get it.’
She hiked up the side of her dress. Ugly red dots ran down the outside of her thigh in a neat line. Cigarette burns, I realised. I looked at them, speechless.
She shrugged. ‘Sometimes it’s the only thing that helps, right?’
She let her dress fall back down.
‘Really,’ I said. ‘It’s not that. It…’
I stopped. I’d never told anyone about the flies, and claws, and the corpse-like whispers through my bedroom door. It was my dark secret. My shame. Because ghosts weren’t real. If I thought I saw one, I must be crazy. Cutting myself just proved it. Only a crazy person would hurt themselves.
Except Vee hurt herself. Maybe she was crazy too.
‘I think this house is haunted,’ I said.
Vee frowned. ‘Haunted? Like a ghost?’
‘Sort of. I’m not really sure. I call it the shadow.’
‘What is it?’ asked Vee.
‘It comes at night,’ I said. ‘Whispering things. Sometimes it just leaves. But sometimes the only way I can get rid of it is to…’ I placed a hand on my sleeve. ‘I think the pain drives it away.’
Vee pulled her feet up on to my bed and hugged her knees to her chest. ‘I do it in my bedroom. I have this whole little ritual, after my dad… Anyway. You’re right. The pain drives the hurt away. Ironic, huh?’
She took my hand and twined her fingers through mine. I started shaking. We sat together on my bed, silent and vulnerable, but together.
Mum knocked on my bedroom door. I sprung away from Vee and wiped my eyes. I couldn’t let my mother see me like that. I just couldn’t.
‘What?’ I called out, trying to stop my voice from croaking.
Mum peered around the door. ‘Violet, are you staying for dinner? I’ll need to roast some more vegetables if you are.’
‘Yes, please,’ said Vee. ‘Is that okay?’
I nodded. ‘Yeah. Fine. That’d be great.’
‘You’re not a vegetarian too, are you?’ Mum asked.
Vee grinned and shook her head. Her hair swirled around her face like silk curtains. Mum closed the door. We looked at each other.
‘Nutcase,’ Vee said, wiping her red nose.
‘Freak,’ I replied, and we both laughed.
*
Spring shifted towards summer. Semester finished. My final exams arrived. I sat in the exam hall, trying to remember to differentiate equations.
Dad would be heartbroken. He loved maths the way I loved the guitar. He used to sit with me, explaining how music was a form of mathematics, that the frequencies of soundwaves and the harmonies of chords were governed by subtle formulae. But the formulas meant nothing to me. I didn’t need them to play guitar, so I wasn’t interested.
The clock ticked. A fly buzzed over the heads of my classmates. They were all bent over their booklets, scribbling desperately.
This was pointless. There were songs to write, music to make. My guitar was waiting for me. This exam was just a waste of my time.
I put my pen down. Stood up. And walked out. The exam monitor scurried towards me, telling me I had to wait. I brushed past him.
School was over. It was time to begin my life.
*
‘Here,’ I said to Vee. ‘This is the place I told you about. The Music Exchange.’
We’d been busking together for the last month, and I had finally made enough to repair my broken Strat. I invited Vee to come with me when I took it to get fixed.
We pushed the door open. Vee saw the guitars hanging like fruit from the ceiling. She gasped. Her eyes went wide. Then she grinned and darted around like a child in a toy store. ‘They have recorders!’ she said, waving one at me. She held it to her mouth, closed her eyes, and played a mournful European folk song.
The shop owners clapped. They’d fallen in love with her the moment she bounded through the door.
‘Hi,’ I said. ‘I’m here to get my guitar fixed.’
‘The Pete Townsend special,’ they nodded. ‘Right. Look. Before we fix it, let us show you something.’
They led me down to the back of the shop. Hidden behind some amplifiers was a beetle green guitar. It was roughly the same classic figure 8 shape as a Gibson Les Paul, but the proportions were strange and psychedelic. It looked like someone had tried to copy a Les Paul while taking large amounts of LSD. Written across the headstock was the brand name JIBSON.
‘Obviously some Japanese knock-off,’ said one of the owners. ‘But it plays okay.’
‘Price tag says two-fifty,’ said the other. ‘Trade in your old Strat, though, and it’s yours for one seventy-five.’
They plugged it into an amp, held it out for me to play. The paintwork was scratched. The pickups were rusted. The tuning heads were loose. But the action was smooth, the tone rich and shimmering like chartreuse. I was seduced.
‘I don’t have that much,’ I said.
‘Pay it on instalments?’
They threw in a free gig bag, too. Vee kissed them on the cheeks, and they both turned red. On the way out we pinned a notice to the board:
PUNK + HIPPY seek DRUMMER + BASS
11: NOW
Dandenong Station has been renovated since the last time I was here.
It’s all glass and steel and concrete now. A clump of teenagers in baseball caps and tracksuits squat by the entrance, passing around a can of bourbon and Coke. They eye me as I walk past, then look away, bored. Middle-aged women are invisible to boys their age.
I double-check the directions on my phone and start walking. The day is another scorcher. I should have brought a hat. I can feel my skin burn as I climb the hill.
The cemetery is broader than I expected, a wide flat field enclosed by a wire-mesh fence topped with barbed wire. Gum trees line one side. The grass is brown from the heat. It looks like a country paddock. As if corpses were seeds planted to raise a harvest of gravestones.
I wander down the cemetery’s main road, searching.
I was in hospital when they held Vee’s funeral. After that, I was in a wheelchair, or I was studying for my teaching degree, or I was busy with work.
There was always an excuse not to come.
She shouldn’t have been buried, anyway. She should have been cremated, and had her ashes flung joyfully into the wind. She would have loved that. She always wanted to fly. Instead her father caged her in a wooden box and trapped her down with the dirt.
A fox slinks between the graves, sniffing the sweltering air. It stares at me. The sun glints off its yellow eyes. We are the only living creatures in the cemetery. I stare back at it, half expecting it to talk. But it just watches me, cautious, curious, neither afraid of me nor eager to come close.
I keep searching. A signpost directs me to the Catholic section. Vee was Catholic, wasn’t she? At least her father was.
I walk up and down the rows, reading each headstone. There are cloth flowers on the graves, bleached grey by the sun. Sweat runs into my eyes. My skin burns. I read headstone after headstone and I find nothing. She’s not here.
I slump against a stone, mopping my forehead with my handkerchief.
I haven’t gotten confused, have I? It was twenty-five years ago. Did I get the name of the cemetery mixed up? I should have called someone and asked. But who? I lost touch with the other band members years ago.
I look around to see if there’s an information booth or an office where I can check the register of interments. Nothing. The cemetery is deserted. There’s just me, and the gravestones, and the heat. Even the fox has slunk away.
The heat presses down on me. My ears hum. Cicadas? Tinnitus? I can’t tell anymore.
Don’t give up, Catherine. Keep looking.
I force myself back up to my feet. I retrace my route down and up between the graves.
A blackness swoops past my head.
I duck. Throw up my hands. Feathers ruffle, and an enormous raven lands on a headstone. It caws at me.
Magpies swoop. Not ravens. I frown at it.
The bird shakes its head. The feathers on its neck prick up, black as oil, shaggy and menacing. It caws again.
And then I see it.
The headstone the raven is perched on:
VIOLET SOUTH
1975–1994
Her Father’s Joy
Of course. Idiot. I was looking for a grave marked ‘Vee’. But of course it has her full name on it. I step towards it. The raven growls.
‘Shoo,’ I yell at it. My voice sounds tiny in the vast and silent heat.
The raven hops from one claw to the other. Its feathers bristle.
‘The dead stay dead,’ it croaks. ‘The dead stay dead.’
Blood drums in my ears.
It spoke. The bird spoke. I didn’t just imagine it. I am surrounded by corpses and a raven spoke to me. Ancient fears skitter through my nervous system.
Fight or flight, Catherine.
I charge the raven, yelling and waving my arms. It launches into the air. Claws snatch. Beaks snap. Feathers rake.
And then it’s gone. Thin scratches of blood trickle down my forearm.
The grass has grown up over Vee’s slab. I kneel down and pull some of them away.
‘Hello stretch,’ I say.
The stone is silent.
‘I got your call.’
Wind whistles through the dead grass.
I run my fingers along the lettering carved into her headstone. The wind rises. The gum trees around the cemetery lash and sway. Dead leaves slither, then fly.
‘Are you…’
Even now, the question cramps in my throat. It feels absurd. Impossible. Dangerous to even ask it. But I have to know. Ever since that phone call. I have to know.
‘Stretch? Are you still out there?’
The wind hisses. Branches snap from the trees.
Ask the question. Ask the unspeakable question, the one that’s burned inside your heart from the moment she called. Ask the question you can never ask, because even just to think it offers hope, and hope scalds you like poison.
‘Vee, if you are still out there… how do I bring you back?’
Dust stings my eyes. Leaves whip me. The wind builds and builds.
And suddenly it stops.
Something flutters down onto Vee’s grave. A rectangle of paper. A5 size. There’s a drawing on one side. I pick it up.
The drawing is of two swans facing each other. One black. One white. The logo for our old band. The one Vee drew for us, all those years ago. Underneath the drawing is written a name: THE STRAY SWANS and a venue: THE ROOK AND CASTLE.
There’s a date, too: February 22nd. Three weeks from now.
It’s a flyer. A band flyer.
Something about the date tugs at my memory, but my head is too fuzzy with age and pills to place it. I turn the paper over. On the back is written a single word in Vee’s tiny, intense handwriting: remember.
Sticks and leaves are scattered across the cemetery. I stand up. Carefully fold up the flyer and put it in my satchel.
The fox is back. It’s caught a baby possum. Its sharp little teeth rip through the fur to the stringy red meat beneath.
Two yellow eyes watch me as I leave.
12: NOVEMBER 1991
A week passed. Two. No-one answered our ad.
The results for my exams would come out in mid-December. I knew I had done badly, and that my parents would be furious. I had less than a month to get a band together and get out of the house before their wrath descended.
Vee and I went busking every day. We were growing tighter as a duo. The green Jibson guitar sounded surprisingly good through my little practice amp. Clusters of people would stop to listen to us, and at the end of most days my guitar case would be heavy with small change.
Vee’s tape was growing on me, too. I listened to it on my Walkman on the train ride into the city. The distorted guitars and the screaming woke me up better than coffee.
It was weird. I was a middle-class girl, private school education, stable family home. Never been poor. Never been molested. Never even taken drugs. I was the least punk rock girl in the world.
But that anger…
Every ad that sold soft drink with half-naked girls. Every hoon that screamed and wolf-whistled as he drove past. Every conversation where other musicians looked straight through me because I had boobs. I was plain and talented in a world where women were supposed to be pretty and dumb.
There were days when I wanted to spit venom.
There were days when I wanted to fire-bomb the world.
I didn’t, though. Because I was nice. Because I was well-behaved. The bile twisted in my guts and turned septic. Dear God could I relate to the anger.
I channelled my rage into music.
I was in love with my new guitar. It was sleek and green and beautiful. Too beautiful to only play in my bedroom, or busking to indifferent passers-by.
‘We need a gig,’ I told Vee.
‘Yes! I know somewhere! This open mic thing. In a pub.’
I was thinking of a proper gig—flyers on lampposts, rubber stamps at the door to show you’ve paid. But we had to start somewhere, I supposed.
*
The open mic was at the Eagle Hotel, a generic suburban pub: brown carpet, yellow laminex tables, a TV in the corner showing the football. Dad wanted to come. I told him not to. None of my school friends could make it, so I went by myself. The night was run by an old bloke with a greasy grey ponytail who also doubled as the sound man. I arrived early, confirmed our names were on his list, and bought a drink while I waited for Vee.
She came through the door with Dave from Indented Head. That threw me. I hadn’t been back to their rehearsals, and for some reason I assumed that Vee hadn’t either.
‘Vee says you’re looking for a bass player,’ Dave said, sliding a jug of beer in front of us.
‘Uh, maybe.’
‘When are we on?’ asked Vee.
‘Fourth. They’re running late already.’
We watched the other acts nervously. The first act was shaky and out of tune. The second, a duo playing acoustic jazz, were intimidatingly polished. The third act was a singer-songwriter who looked like Art Garfunkel. He had brought a dozen friends and they cheered loudly after each of his songs.
Dave kept offering me drinks, and I had to keep saying no.
The MC finally called our names.
Fumbling around on the stage, miking up my amp, setting the delay on my pedals. Cheeks burning. Palms wet.
‘We’ve only written one song,’ Vee apologised. ‘So we’re going to play a few covers.’
The singer-songwriter’s friends booed. Vee gave them the finger while I played the opening riff to ‘White Rabbit’. Vee leant into the microphone, eyes closed, hair covering her face. She whispered the first verse, like silk rustling against your ear.
And screamed the chorus. The PA distorted. Someone dropped a glass in surprise. Vee hunched over, sweeping her long hair from side to side in beat with my guitar.
The song was over too soon. People clapped. I adjusted my pedals, played ‘Kool Thing’. Vee’s voice purred and twined itself above the driving riff.
We finished with ‘Remember’, starting slow and bluesy, building up to a distorted howl. Remember me, yelled Vee. Remember me and I’ll come back to you…
Applause. Whistling. I unplugged the amp, sweat running down the small of my back. Vee bowed, thanked the audience, bounced off stage.
Dave had a fresh jug waiting at our table.
‘Holy crap,’ he said. ‘I’m joining your band.’
*
Vee and I caught a taxi back to my place. Dad was still awake, correcting his student’s homework.
‘How’d it go?’ he asked.
‘Good,’ I said.
‘Great!’ grinned Vee. She sat with him, telling him about the night while I blew up the old inflatable mattress and found her some spare blankets. We went to bed, exhausted but still too excited to sleep. Rain battered at the roof.
‘We should get a house,’ I said.
‘Hmm?’
‘Together,’ I said. ‘We could play music all day, go see bands at night.’
‘Do you mean that?’ Vee asked. ‘Really? Because that would be amazing.’
We left a Sinéad O’Connor CD playing quietly in the background, her unearthly voice lulling us down to sleep.
Vee woke me when she got up to pee. I heard the toilet flush, saw her lanky silhouette come back from the bathroom, hesitate in front of her mattress, and then sneak over to my bed.
She slipped under my blanket and wrapped her long arms around me. I nestled into her, breathing her scent of warm skin and cigarettes, and we both fell back to sleep.
*
Family dinner, eating in the lounge room, plates on our knees while we watched the news. Dad had a pile of homework to one side of his armchair, a tumbler of whisky on the other. Mum sat primly on the couch, her dinner resting on a lap table.
‘Vee and I want to move out together,’ I said, trying to sound casual.
‘You don’t have to move out yet,’ said Dad. ‘We like having you here.’
Mum looked at me coldly. ‘You don’t have any money.’
‘I’ll get a job.’
‘What about university? When will you study?’
‘Who says I’m going to uni?’
‘Catherine, we’ve been over this.’
‘Yeah, we have. And you never listen to me. There are other things I want to do with my life than sit in a classroom.’
‘I’m sure they’ll be a great comfort to you when you’re forty and unemployed.’
‘Oh, for God’s sake.’ I threw my dinner plate onto the coffee table and stomped out the front door.
The night outside was freezing, but I didn’t care. I strode down the street, arms crossed over my chest, furious at my mother. We always fought. Over everything. I wasn’t perfect, I knew that. But it was my bloody life. I stomped down the back streets until I reached the local park.
By day it was nothing much: a muddy cricket pitch, a sagging children’s playground off to one side, a narrow strip of bushland on the other. In the darkness though, it looked haunted. I squelched across the oval to sit on the swings. The chains creaked under my weight. I swung back and forth, trying to burn off my anger.
A buzz of wings, low and eerie in the cold night. I heard it and looked around.
Flying low over the muddy grass was a cloud of flies. They swarmed towards me. I threw my arms up to protect myself.
We will take her from you, a voice hissed from the darkness.
I lowered my arms. Something black and huge stood in the centre of the cricket pitch. It looked like a giant dog. The flies buzzed around it in adoration.
We will take her from you, it said. We will devour her.
Its breath smelled like meat buried in the earth for weeks.
We will feast on your sorrow. We will grow fat on your despair. And in the end, you will succumb to us, broken and beyond hope.
‘If you touch her,’ I snarled. ‘I’ll rip you into pieces.’
The flies buzzed, mocking me.
I clenched my fists so hard my fingernails bit through my skin. I held my bleeding palms up to the creature.
It laughed, low and vicious, and slouched away into the dark.
13: NOW
The train rattles back from Dandenong.
My carriage is deserted except for a pair of gristly junkies. They nod off in the sunlight, jerk awake, nod back off. Does anyone catch this line apart from junkies and me?
I stare at the flyer, thinking hard.
The dead stay dead, the raven said.
Remember, says the flyer.
And I do remember. I remember Vee’s smile. Her voice. The way the soles of her feet would turn black because she never wore any shoes. The first night we met, busking in the dark on Bourke Street. And I remember her writing the lyrics to our one and only hit song.
Remember me, she wrote, and I’ll come back to you.
You asked for instructions, Catherine. They don’t get clearer than that.
I fish my phone out of my satchel, and search YouTube for our video. The reception is terrible on the train line. The page takes a geological age to load. And when I press play, the video stutters and pixelates. I pause it, letting it buffer. Unfamiliar train stations flash past the windows.
The video loads. I tap play.
Darkness. The bass riff, rumblings straight-eights tinny through my phone’s speakers. A sweep of light. Glimpses of faces. Tom’s drums kick in, and then my guitar riff. The spotlight swings up.
And there she is. Vee. Grinning into the camera even as the spotlight blinds her. She holds up the mic, clearly miming.
‘Shut up!’ yells one of the junkies. ‘Shut up shut up!’
I’m so startled I drop my phone. Vee tumbles from my fingers.
‘Use some fucking headphones,’ says the other junky.
I pick up my phone and mute it. Vee sings silently. The spotlight swings and I catch pixelly glimpses of the rest of the band: long-haired Christian, wiry Tom, me hunched in concentration over my guitar.
We look so young. Like children.
How could we ever have been that young?
The video ends. 217 views, it says. That seems low. Does anyone even remember the Stray Swans? Apart from Shanti’s friend.
Remember me, and I’ll come back to you.
I do remember her. I remember the night we first met. I remember putting a copy of the Rolling Stone with her on the cover away in my parent’s box of memorabilia.
That box. Does my mother still have it?
I change trains at Flinders Street again, and head out to Blackburn.
14: DECEMBER 1991–JANUARY 1992
December arrived, and with it came my exam results. Twelve years of education were reduced to a single score published in the newspaper.
I lay awake the night before, worrying. I knew I had failed. I knew my parents would be furious. I tried to think of ways to avoid facing their anger. I could hide the newspaper, but they would just buy another one. I could run away, but I had nowhere to go. I could pretend the results were a misprint, but they would soon find out they were correct.
I tossed and fretted, but there was no way to avoid my fate.
Dawn came. I lay in late, pretending to be asleep. I could hear my parents moving around the house, talking, rattling their cutlery as they prepared breakfast. And then a deathly silence fell. They must have read the paper.
Time to face them, then. I climbed out of bed, dressed, and walked down to the kitchen.
Mum sat hunched and red-eyed on one side of the kitchen table. Dad sat on the other, poking sadly at his cornflakes. Between them lay the newspaper with the results.
Dad looked up. ‘Morning, love,’ he said.
‘Hi.’
I sat down at the table. Silence filled the kitchen. Mum wouldn’t look at me.
Dad coughed. ‘We read your results,’ he said. He pushed the newspaper towards me. I could see my result, circled in red pen.
‘I hope you’re pleased,’ Mum said hoarsely. Then she shoved her chair back and ran out from the room.
Dad watched her go, and sighed. ‘There’s other options besides uni. TAFE. Or apprenticeships. We can organise a session with a counsellor, find out what’s best for you.’
I leant back. ‘Please, Dad. Don’t.’
‘You’re a smart girl, Cath. You can do better than this.’
‘I know what I want to do.’
Dad nodded glumly. ‘Yeah. You do.’ He poked despondently again at his cereal. ‘You better go talk to your mum.’
Mum was in the lounge room, sorting the washing out in a cold fury.
‘I’m sorry,’ I said.
She didn’t answer. She folded towels, flicking them so violently they cracked like a whip. Each one felt like a slap across my face.
‘I’m really sorry,’ I repeated. ‘But I told you I wasn’t going to uni.’
‘Well, you were right,’ said Mum. Her voice was low and angry. ‘How do you think we feel, Catherine? We try so hard to take care of you. And all you do is break our hearts.’
‘I said I was sorry.’
‘Forget it,’ said Mum. ‘Do what you want. We tried to look after you and it got us nowhere. So go do whatever the hell you want.’
She kept folding, her back turned to me. I tried to think of something to say, but I couldn’t. So I went to my bedroom, collected my guitar, and headed into town to meet Vee.
*
Busking was going well, but it wasn’t enough to cover rent. Vee could pay her half—she had a part-time job at a supermarket. After several weeks of interviews and rejections, I finally found a job at a call centre for an electricity company. So I spent most of summer in a cramped cubicle, a grimy phone headset pressed to one ear, listening to people complain about how high their bills were. It was repetitive and depressing, but it paid.
House hunting was harder. The real estate agents had nothing on offer this close to the end of the year. I spent a miserable Christmas with my parents, and began househunting again in the new year. Since I was only on my L-plates, I couldn’t drive. I had to use public transport to get between inspections, which took forever. Dad eventually took pity on me, and sat in the passenger seat juggling Melways and newspapers while I practised my driving in the family Toyota. Mum was stony-faced as we drove off each Saturday morning.
The few places in my price range were terrible: crumbling old workers cottages with cracked walls and rotten floorboards. I filled out the application forms anyway.
Towards the end of January, we found a two-bedroom red brick house in West Brunswick. The bedrooms were tiny and the toilet was outdoors, but the lounge room was huge and high-ceilinged, perfect for band rehearsals.
‘Probably got redbacks in the dunny,’ Dad said.
‘Shush,’ I said. ‘It’s great.’
I drove us back to the real estate office, parked awkwardly, and filled out the application form.
‘Excuse me,’ Dad asked the receptionist. ‘Just checking, but has anyone ever died in one of your properties?’
*
I called the real estate agent a week later to check on the progress of our application.
‘Oh that,’ yawned property manager. ‘Yeah. You were successful. Can you come in and sign the lease this week?’
Vee took the afternoon off from her supermarket job, and I skipped work that day. Dad sat in the passenger seat, grabbing the dashboard and pretending to be relaxed and calm, as I drove us all over to the office. We signed the lease, handed over a cheque for the bond and first month’s rent, and then the property manager gave us the keys.
‘You’ll need to complete the condition report,’ he said. ‘To be honest, the rent’s only so low because the landlord won’t pay for repairs. So it’s kind of a take-it-as-it-is deal.’
‘Fine,’ grinned Vee. ‘Fine.’
I drove us over to our new house so Vee could have her first look at it. The sky outside was heavy and grey with clouds, which gave the empty rooms a dramatic, almost mystical appearance. Vee ran from room to room, laughing.
‘You’ll need to hire some movers,’ said Dad.
‘Dave can help us!’ Vee answered. ‘He has a truck licence.’
She leapt on me and hugged me wildly.
‘Calm down, stretch,’ I said. ‘You’re like a puppy on PCP.’
‘We have a house!’ she grinned and wrestled me again.
*
Moving day.
I filled one cardboard box with clothes, and another three with books and music. Dad helped me dismantle my narrow pinewood bed. We propped my mattress against the wall by the front door. I carefully stripped all my posters and photos off my bedroom wall, filing them neatly into a large folder so I could put them back up in the new house.
Mum dropped a plastic crate full of tin cans, pasta packets and long-life milk cartons in front of me. ‘Here,’ she said.
We had barely spoken since the day of the exam results. One reason I was so desperate to move out was to get away from her wounded silence.
‘We can feed ourselves, Mum. There’s a supermarket just down the road.’
She pursed her lips. An engine rumbled from outside, and a horn beeped.
‘I think your friend’s here,’ said Dad.
Dave had hired a proper moving truck, a huge boxy white thing. He waved and came running over. ‘Hi, Kitty.’
‘Catherine,’ I corrected.
‘Catherine. Sorry. Need a hand?’
‘Thanks.’ I peered past him to the truck. Vee still sat in the passenger seat, knees drawn up to her chest. Her eyes were red and a million miles away. I walked over to her.
‘You okay, stretch?’
She turned to me and smiled sadly. ‘Hi, shortie.’
‘What’s the matter?’
‘Nothing. Just my dad.’ She brushed the hair out of her eyes, and suddenly she was her normal self again. ‘Come on. Let’s load you up!’
She jumped out of the cabin, and together we helped Dave and my dad carry my possessions into the truck. Vee’s things were already in the back. All she had was a queen-sized futon mattress, some garbage bags full of clothes and a revolting purple couch.
‘Hard rubbish find?’ I asked her.
She nodded. ‘Hard rubbish find.’
‘We’re packed,’ said Dave. ‘Can we get a move on? The truck has to be back by four.’
‘Hang on,’ said Dad. He carried out the milk crate of Mum’s supplies. ‘Don’t forget this.’
I hesitated. I didn’t want it. I was trying to get away from Mum, to prove that I could survive and thrive on my music. Taking the crate would mean I still needed her support.
‘Go on,’ said Dad. ‘Be the generous one.’
I took it from him, and shoved it between Vee’s mattress and my boxes.
*
Our first night in the new house.
We paid Dave for his help with a slab of beer, which he sat beside him as he drove the truck away. Dad helped me reassemble my bed, then Mum collected him in the Toyota.
Finally, Vee and I were alone.
I cooked spaghetti from the supplies Mum left us. Vee mulled wine on the rusty stove and poured it into her chipped wineglasses. The living room was still hot, even after sunset. Vee tried opening one of the windows, but the frame was jammed. So we sat on the revolting purple couch and sweated while we ate.
‘To the future,’ Vee grinned, raising her glass. ‘May it be wonderful.’
‘Hell yes,’ I said. ‘The future.’
*
The weeks passed. Vee quit her job out in Dandenong, and charmed her way into one at the supermarket down the road. Every evening she brought home bags full of free food that was about to expire: white bread, cans of beans, fruit growing soft with bruises. We ate outside on the porch, letting the night breezes cool us down.
Vee found a pair of red bedside tables in someone’s hard rubbish and we stole them, even though the chipboard in the drawers had been eaten away by termites. I hung my old posters up in my new bedroom, which made Vee laugh.
‘What?’ I said.
‘All these.’ She waved her hand at the posters. ‘They’re like the icons in church.’
Vee bought glimmering purple and green curtains from a hippy shop, and hung them on her bedroom walls. She set row after row of candles on her little bedside table until her room looked like a Hindu temple.
‘Someone called for you,’ said Dad, on one of his visits. ‘A bass player. Christian? He left his number.’ I took the piece of paper with the number, and I meant to ring it. But somehow I was always too busy.
Because there was music. Always music. Mixtapes with breakfast. Triple R and PBS while we cooked tea. There was so much new music to discover. The Nirvana single had taken off over summer, and suddenly Vee’s dirty punk rock music was everywhere. Soundgarden, Alice in Chains, Jane’s Addiction. We racked my guitars and amp in the lounge room so we could jam whenever we liked. On weekends we caught the 55 tram into town to see bands. Who they were didn’t really matter. We just wanted to be out, in the smoke and noise of a pub, feeling the waves of music wash over us. The names of venues were like a litany: the Punters Club, the Espy, the Corner Hotel, the Tote.
Dave came around on Sunday afternoons to practice. He brought his bass and a slab of beer. We played for an hour, and then he drove home.
It felt dull. Like an interruption.
Vee sweet-talked an Irish folk band into giving us a support slot at the Dan O’Connell. We didn’t consciously plan or conspire, but neither of us told Dave. We played a mix of our own songs and covers. The audience ignored us for the most part, chatting happily over their pints of Guinness, clapping politely at the end of each song before returning to their talk. But we finished with ‘Remember’, Vee’s voice pleading and fierce, and they gave us a drunken cheer.
Doing the laundry the next day, I found the slip of paper with the bass player’s number in the pocket of my jeans. It felt like a sign. I called him and arranged for us to meet the following Thursday night.
15: JANUARY 1992
Christian drove up in a rust-red V8 Holden Kingswood. A plastic toy Chewbacca dangled from the rear-view mirror.
‘He’s totally in the band,’ grinned Vee.
A guy climbed out. Asian. Long black hair. Ripped jeans and a leather biker jacket.
‘Hey,’ he waved. ‘I’m Christian. Christian Cheng.’
‘Cat,’ I said. ‘This is Vee.’
He popped the boot, slung a bass over his shoulder and lugged out an amp. I held the front door open while he swaggered inside. Vee flicked her eyes meaningfully down at his feet, and I saw he was wearing black cowboy boots.
‘He’s totally in the band,’ she whispered.
‘So,’ I asked while he set up his amp. ‘What sort of music do you like?’
‘You know. Soundgarden. Mudhoney. Black Sabbath. You? Are you the hippy or the punk?’
I strummed the opening riff from ‘Purple Haze’.
‘Right,’ he nodded. ‘Cool.’
We played a couple of songs, and showed him the chords for ‘Remember’. He was passionate, but his technique was sloppy and he fluffed some of the chord changes. I’d show him a riff, he’d play it properly the first time, then mess it up.
Eventually he stopped. ‘Is someone knocking at your door?’
I answered it. Our elderly Greek neighbour stood on the porch.
‘Is after ten,’ he said. ‘My wife, she sleeping.’
I checked my watch. He was right. We’d been playing for hours.
‘Sorry, Mister Vasilakis,’ I said. ‘We’ll be quiet.’
‘Is okay. Young people, they should sing and have fun. But my wife is sleeping.’
‘We’ll be quiet.’
‘Thank you. Here.’ He handed me a bottle of homemade grappa and walked back home. I showed the bottle to the others.
Christian nodded. ‘I’m totally joining this band.’
*
Afterwards. We waved Christian goodbye, told him we’d call him soon, then sat on the couch to talk. Vee poured us grappa into her Simpsons character glasses.
‘What do you think?’ I asked her. ‘Apart from the cowboy boots?’
‘He seems fun,’ she said.
‘His technique isn’t great,’ I said. ‘But we played for hours without a beer break. That’s more than we ever get with Dave.’
Vee made a face. ‘Dave’s my friend.’
‘Sure. And he’s a better musician.’ I rubbed my eyes. ‘Maybe we should think about it tomorrow.’
Vee’s face lit up. ‘Maybe we could have two bass players! Like Ned’s Atomic Dustbin!’
I kissed her forehead and staggered off to bed. ‘Tomorrow, stretch.’
*
Christian called the next night. We still hadn’t made a decision.
‘I know a drummer guy,’ he said. ‘He’s awesome. Are you free tomorrow night?’
‘Um,’ I answered. ‘Sure.’
‘Cool. I’ll pick you guys up around eight. It’s at the Arthouse so, you know. Dress punk.’
Vee was excited. She rummaged through the piles of dirty laundry on her floor for her ripped black tights, her tartan skirt, her Clash t-shirt.
I didn’t have punk clothes. I had generic blue jeans, white t-shirts, jumpers my mother gave me for birthdays. Chain-store clothing, boring as the suburb I grew up in. Vee giggled as she dug through my wardrobe.
‘Wear this,’ she said, holding up a blue striped jumper. ‘It’ll be grunge.’
‘Can’t I borrow some of your clothes?’
Her eyes lit up. She raced into her bedroom, came back throwing t-shirts, long sleeves, moth-eaten 1970s cocktail dresses.
‘Where do you get all this stuff?’ I asked her.
‘Op-shops. Here. This is perfect.’ She handed me a black Dead Kennedys t-shirt. I pulled it on. It hung down to my knees.
She nodded approvingly. ‘Now, we have to dye your hair.’
A shopping run later, I was bent over the bathtub while Vee shampooed the dye through my hair. She’d bought a green Punky Colours dye for herself, but I went for a more conservative dark red.
I closed my eyes. I knelt as if in prayer. Vee’s fingers ran slowly across my skull, massaging and curling, working in the dye. Time stopped. I felt myself changing, like a caterpillar becoming a moth.
Afterwards, Vee wrapped my hair in plastic to bake, and I helped her dye a green streak into her fringe. She nudged against my fingers like a kitten demanding pats.
We sat on the couch, ammonia eating into our scalps, and drank cask wine.
I was getting nervous. I could tell what Christian was doing, integrating himself into the band. If we chose his drummer, we’d have to choose him, too. The purist in me didn’t want him. It wanted someone good. Someone who could keep it tight, hit the chord changes, learn a riff by ear rather than me having to show him over and over again which notes to fret.
On the other hand, Christian played with passion. And if this drummer really was as good as he said… I sipped my wine, stomach knotting. I never had these dilemmas back when I was busking.
The timer in the kitchen went off. Our hair was cooked. We used the kettle as a water jug to rinse the excess dye out. The bathtub ran green and crimson, colours staining the scratched enamel.
And after, looking in the mirror, my hair was the colour of red wine, of velvet couches and blood. The mousey me was gone. I was transformed.
Vee nestled her chin into my shoulder, smiling.
‘Punk is a virus,’ she said. ‘You catch it from your friends.’
16: NOW
The roses need pruning. Their petals are dying in the heat. Mum answers the front door with a breadknife in her hand.
‘I was making a ham sandwich for lunch,’ she says instead of a greeting. ‘But I suppose you won’t have that, will you? Being vegetarian?’
‘No, Mum. I won’t.’ I kiss her cheek. ‘Nice to see you, by the way.’
‘There’s nothing in the fridge. I’ll have to go to the shops.’
‘Mum, please. You don’t need to make me dinner. I just want to look for something in Dad’s study.’
‘Oh, that. All those old books and records. I should just sell them all off. Let me make you tea, at least. I wish you’d given me some warning you were coming over.’
She fusses off into the kitchen. I walk down the hall to Dad’s study. The door creaks open when I touch it, and I get an overwhelming sense memory of being a little girl and peeking around the door crack to watch Dad at his desk, correcting his students’ homework.
The room has changed. Mum has cleaned the desk and replaced the curtains. She’s sold off all of Dad’s maths textbooks that used to line the bookcase. She’s hung different photos on the wall, and replaced Dad’s battered old armchair with a modern ergonomic one.
I have to hunt for clues that this room used to be Dad’s. There, on the top shelf: leather bound editions of Newton’s Pricipica Mathematic, Plato’s Geometry, even an Alice in Wonderland. And down there, on the bottom shelf: his record collection. The giant LPs are arranged chronologically, so that you can read the changes in Dad’s taste over time like geographic strata in rocks. The records start groovy (Dylan, Hendrix), dip into embarrassing (Pink Floyd, Jethro Tull) and finish up in middle-aged respectability (Phillip Glass, Bach).
These were the first records I ever listened to. These were the first records I ever loved. Without them, I wouldn’t be the person I am.
(Was, I mean. I haven’t been the person I am for years.)
I sit down in the armchair and open the top drawer of the desk. Hidden inside is a tumbler and a mostly empty bottle of Laphroaig. I pour a dram of the whisky into the glass and sit it on the table, letting the peaty smell fill the room.
Right. Time to start looking.
The cupboard is big and old and built into the wall. And when I open the door, I discover it’s full of cardboard archive boxes. Dozens of them, two rows deeps and stacked neatly in columns higher than my head. None of them are labelled.
I reach up, pull the first one down, and open it. It holds pillow cases, folded neatly and smelling of mothballs. The second box has old tax returns. I go through box after box, finding old jumpers and extension cords and manuals for every washing machine or fridge my parents ever owned. I find a box full of Christmas tree ornaments, and one full of recipes clipped from old magazines. I find shoes. I find spare parts for the vacuum cleaner.
In one I find a painting. It’s a portrait of a young man sitting in an armchair. His paisley shirt, flared trousers and scraggly beard suggest the early 70s. I recognise the round face and the mischievous smile, though. It’s a portrait of my father. In the bottom corner is a signature: Elaine Barrett.
Mum’s maiden name.
I carry the painting to the kitchen, where Mum is fussing over a plate of sandwiches.
‘You never told me you painted,’ I say.
‘I found some cheese,’ she replies. ‘You eat cheese, don’t you?’
‘Mum.’ I hold the painting up.
She ignores it, focusing on slicing the sandwiches into quarters. ‘Did you want mustard? It’s just the plain one. I’m out of Dijon.’
‘Plain is fine. Stop avoiding the question. Why didn’t you tell me you used to paint?’
‘There’s a lot things I didn’t tell you, Catherine. It’s not like you ever listened to me.’ Mum wipes her hands on a tea towel, takes the painting from me, and peers at it sceptically.
‘The proportions are all wrong,’ she mutters. ‘Look how big his hands are. They’re like gorilla hands.’
‘Stop it. It’s lovely. I wish you’d told me. It would have been something we had in common.’
Now she looks at me sceptically. ‘You don’t paint.’
‘I meant making art. Being creative.’
Mum continues to frown at me.
‘Oh, forget it,’ I say. ‘I don’t want to argue. I’m going to keep looking.’
She hands me the painting. ‘Put this back too, please. I’ll bring you your tea in a moment.’
I take the picture with me back to Dad’s study, prop it up on the bookcase, and keep digging through the archive boxes. I have to open several more before I find the band memorabilia.
Dad had written CATHERINE’S BAND on the lid in back texta. A musty animal smell leaks out from the box when I open it. The contents inside are like confetti. The flyers are shredded, the photographs tattered, even the CD covers are gnawed away. Little brown pellets dot the mess of paper like chocolate sprinkles.
Ruined. The whole collection is ruined.
My heart sinks. The memories are gone. I pick one of the CD cases up by the corner and use it to dig through the shreds to see if anything has survived. As I do, a furry grey blur leaps out of the box, lands on my arm, and scurries away to hide under Dad’s desk.
‘Thanks, mouse,’ I say. ‘I hope it at least it all tasted nice.’
In the middle of the box I find the copy of Rolling Stone. It’s half eaten, and the rest is covered in dried mouse pee. But Vee’s face is still there, grinning widely, great strands of hair falling across her face.
I stare at the cover for a very long time.
Mum knocks on the study door. ‘Tea’s ready.’
‘In a second,’ I tell her. My voice is unexpectedly hoarse, and I notice I have tears on my cheeks. ‘In a second.’
Very carefully, I check that there are no more mice in the box. Then I put the lid back on, and restack all the boxes except the band one back in the cupboard. After they’re all back in place, I wipe my hands on my skirt, drink the glass of whisky, and wash my hands in the bathroom before joining Mum for lunch.
*
I take the box with me when I go home. People on the train wrinkle their noses at the mouse smell. I stare out the window, ignoring them, watching the suburbs flick past like wings.
The dead stay dead.
Maybe they do. Maybe I’m being stupid. Maybe there never was a phone call, or a talking raven, and I’m just deluding myself there was because I miss my friend and feel guilty for causing her death.
But it was my fault Vee died. And if there’s the slightest chance I can save her, then I have to try.
Remember me…
In my satchel I have a flyer for a Stray Swans gig. The flyer is dated three weeks into the future. It’s been decades since I last organised a gig, but three weeks seems like a very short timeframe.
Short. But do-able.
If you have a band.
How long has it been since I last spoke to Tom or Christian. Twenty years? Twenty-five? The smooth-faced youths in the video would be weathered and grey by now. They could be anywhere. They could be dead. I have no way of knowing.
But there’s someone who would.
I have to google the phone number. And when I call, it’s answered by a girl who sounds like she wasn’t even born the last time the band was together.
‘Artists Services,’ she says. ‘Geneva speaking.’
My hands are shaking.
‘Hi. This is Cat. Catherine St. James. Can I speak to Phillip, please?’
‘Oh. Phillip’s in a meeting at the moment. May I take a message?’
My heart races. My skin goes cold.
‘Uh. Can you tell him I called? And tell him…’
Fear sticks my tongue to my throat. This is dangerous. Too dangerous. I swore I would never do this. People died. I made a pact. Except I have to. For Vee.
‘Hello?’ asks Geneva.
I breathe deep, fighting to push the fear down.
‘I’m here,’ I reply. ‘Tell Phillip I want to do a Stray Swans reunion.’
17: FEBRUARY 1992
The Arthouse. A hive of punk rock and villainy, Christian called it. The green building loomed on the corner of Elizabeth and Queensberry Streets, a tacky 80s style neon sign flashing bright pink through the night. Inside, the walls were painted in psychedelic murals and graffiti.
A folk punk band called the Pox-Ridden Whores were on the tiny stage as we entered. A small group of crusties pogoed in front of them. Vee leapt into the thick of them. Christian and I leant against the side wall, waiting for the next band and this amazing drummer.
‘His name’s Tom Bullock,’ Christian said. ‘Or Bollocks, or something.’
The folk punks finished, and started dismantling their gear. Vee skipped back to us, sweating happily, and stole Christian’s beer.
‘So,’ he said casually. ‘Are you two lesbians?’
‘What? No!’
He shrugged. ‘Just asking.’
The next band was setting up. The Paris Riots, a three piece. Their drummer looked like a skater: buzz-cut red hair, black hoodie, green army shorts. He unzipped the hoodie to reveal a grey t-shirt and black thorn-like tattoos that twisted down his muscular arms.
‘That’s him,’ said Christian.
Vee grinned. ‘He’s cute.’
‘I think he’s gay,’ said Christian. ‘Someone told me he was gay.’
The band started. Three chord punk. No frills. Nothing special. The singer was flat and the bass player was counting the chord changes under his breath. But the drummer…
He lifted them. The rest of the band were playing straight-eights power chords, but he was tribal—rolling toms, booming kick drum. He gave them colour and depth and groove.
‘He’s good, yeah?’ Christian shouted in my ear.
‘Yes. He’s good.’
Vee didn’t answer. She’d run down to the front of the stage to start a mosh pit.
*
The band finished. Christian helped them pack up, then led Tom over.
‘Tom Balloch,’ he said, introducing himself.
‘Cat,’ I said. ‘The skinny one is Vee.’
‘You want a beer?’ Christian held up the jug.
‘I’m right.’ Tom had a lemonade in one hand, the other in the pocket of his hoodie. He was polite, but reserved. Professional. ‘Christian says you’re in a band. What are you called?’
‘The Communist Goldfish!’ laughed Vee.
‘We don’t have a name yet,’ I admitted.
Tom nodded. ‘So what do you sound like?’
‘Alternative? Sort of psychedelic punk?’
Christian put his arm around my shoulder. ‘They’re incredible. They’re like Patti Smith meets Concrete Blonde. Cat here is a phenomenal guitarist.’
Tom nodded again. ‘How often do you gig?’
‘We’ve… We’ve only done a couple. We’re…’
I stammered to a stop. This wasn’t going well. I was acutely aware of how fake I must have looked, with my borrowed t-shirt and freshly dyed hair.
Tom sipped his lemonade, thinking.
‘Here’s the deal,’ he said. ‘No drugs. No timewasters. No cover bands.’
I blinked. ‘Does that mean you’re in?’
‘Let’s jam. Then we’ll see.’
Christian drove us home in his beautiful old Holden. The floor inside was littered with empty Coke cans and torn condom wrappers. Vee sat in the front, cranking up Triple R on the radio, babbling happily. I lay on the back seat, watching the streetlights drift past.
That night I wrote ‘Giantkiller’, with its epic rising riff. That was how I felt. Like the earth was shaking, and I could conquer monsters.
*
Tom brought his drum kit around on Sunday. He drove a white delivery van with Fugazi and Rollins Band stickers on the back window. We pushed the couch back against the far wall and set up his kit in the corner of the lounge.
Then they all looked at me, waiting. I wiped my palms on the back of my jeans and took a deep breath.
‘So, um, this song’s called “Remember”,’ I told them. ‘It’s pretty simple. Here…’
Vee and I played through it. Christian, having forgotten the song already, peered at my fretboard, trying to work out what chords I was playing. Tom played a quiet, bluesy shuffle underneath.
‘It’s A minor, F, E, right?’ asked Christian when we finished.
‘Yeah. The first time,’ I said. ‘Then it’s A minor, F, G.’
He played the notes hesitantly. ‘Cool. Got it.’
‘Good. I thought the bass riff should go like this…’
I played something dark and funky. Christian frowned, following my fingers instead of listening to the notes. He tried to copy me. Fluffed it. I showed him again. And a third time. I could feel my cheeks turn red in frustration.
‘Just play it,’ said Tom. ‘Work it out as we go.’
‘Okay. Sure.’ I counted us in.
Spiralling guitar, heavy with echo. Tom’s drums rolling in. Christian just played a single root note for each chord, scared to mess up the riff again. Vee, kneeling on the floor, raised the mic to her mouth and whisper-sang the first verse.
Into the chorus. And Christian kicked in with an angry straight-eights bass line. Clumsy and punk all over what was supposed to be brooding and lush.
We finished. I tried to work up the courage to tell Christian off.
‘That bass bit was cool,’ said Tom. ‘Play it again. But faster.’
They ripped into it. Frantic, dirty bass. Machine-gun fire of drums. Vee leapt to her feet, grinning, and grabbed the mic. The bass and drums built. Vee sang the first verse, her voice rising from a whisper to a growl as the tension twisted and grew.
The chorus was coming up. I hadn’t played a note.
What should I do? My trills and filigrees wouldn’t work over this growling noise. What was I supposed to play?
Screw it. Stop overthinking things, Catherine. Just get in there.
We reached the chorus.
We exploded as one.
*
Half an hour later, we took a breather, chilling out in the backyard with mugs of tea. Vee rolled a cigarette. Christian poured a dash of bourbon into his Lipton tea.
It was going well. It was messy and raw, but exhilarating. ‘Remember’ now sounded completely different to how I imagined it. But it worked. Christian’s bass line made the song. We all tried to act cool, but our eyes glistened and our hands trembled with excitement.
Mr Vasilakis leant over the fence. ‘You have drummer now. Very loud.’
‘Yeah. Sorry,’ I said.
‘Is all good. Is all good. Just be quiet by nine. My wife, she go to bed then.’
We went back inside. Played some more songs. Tom’s watch started beeping.
‘I’ve got another gig,’ he said. He stripped his kit down in seconds. We helped him carry it outside to his van.
‘So?’ I asked him. ‘Are you in?’
He stood for a minute, hands deep in the pockets of his hoodie, frowning at the sky.
‘Yeah,’ he said to the clouds. ‘I’m in.’
*
We threw a house-warming party. I invited my work friends. Vee invited Indented Head. We spent a frantic afternoon vacuuming the carpets and running down to the supermarket for bags of ice. I bought party food: chips, soft drink, carrots and dip. Vee baked a pavlova.
We only had the one couch. I borrowed Dad’s car, and we did another op-shop run. I was looking through the dining room tables for one that would fit in the car when Vee bounded up and waved a giant green cushion.
‘There’s dozens of them,’ she said. ‘We can have a harem!’
‘It smells like mildew,’ I said.
‘We’ll burn some incense.’ She shook the pillow enthusiastically at my face. ‘Cushions!’
We bought six, stuffed them into the back seat, and drove home. Vee threw the cushions around the lounge while I filled the bathtub with ice and put the soft drink and beer in to cool. Then we sat around, waiting for the guests.
The invitations said 8 pm. Eight-thirty rolled past, and no-one had shown. I felt embarrassment creeping up my spine and over my scalp.
‘Where is everyone?’ I asked.
‘Relax, shortie. It’s a party. People won’t get here until late.’
Tom arrived at quarter past nine. He brought some other musos with him. They drank our beer while he set his drum kit up in the corner. Vee cranked up the Pixies on the CD player. Christian turned up with a small army of punks and grunge kids.
‘Sorry we’re late,’ he smirked. ‘We were busy buying supplies.’
He waved a plastic baggie over his head. Two grunge girls clambered over him, stole the baggie and ran out the back. Christian swore and ran after them.
Indented Head turned up, reeking of beer. ‘Vee!’ they cheered. ‘Vee Vee Vee!’
Even Mr Vasilakis and his wife came. She was a tiny creature, frail and bird-like, and couldn’t speak a word of English. But after three glasses of wine she stood up and sang folk songs from her native Cyprus. Vee held her hand and sang with her, despite not knowing the words, the melody, or the language.
The party ebbed and tumbled like waves.
‘It’s eleven-thirty,’ said Tom. ‘Let’s play.’
I nodded. ‘I’ll get the others.’
Vee was snogging one of the punk boys. I tapped her shoulder and nodded at the instruments. She gave me a thumbs-up and kissed the punk goodbye. I found Christian out on the back porch, passing a joint around with Indented Head.
‘We’re about to play,’ I told him.
‘Hell yeah!’ He snatched the joint and took one last lungful. ‘Rock and roll.’
We plugged our guitars in. Vee tested her mic by reciting a dirty limerick. I fiddled with the setting on my effects pedals, trying to calm my nerves.
You can do this, Catherine. You’ll be fine.
‘Hi,’ said Vee brightly. ‘Um. We don’t actually have a name yet.’
I kicked into the riff for ‘White Rabbit’.
We were a mess. Vee’s mic kept cutting out. Christian was so stoned he kept trying to jump on the people sitting on the cushions. His bass smacked Spider’s girlfriend in the mouth and split her lip.
But we were magic, too. People laughed, danced, spilt beer on our floor. We finished with the grunged-up version of ‘Remember’. The punks started a mosh pit in the lounge room, tripped over the snack table, and splattered hummus all over the curtains.
Afterwards, I was shaking from the excitement. We did it. We could play together. We were a real band. Dave from Indented Head followed me into the bathroom when I went to get a beer, and he drunkenly tried to kiss me. Even that didn’t spoil my joy. I pushed him gently away and went outside.
The night sky was like velvet. A full moon shone whitely behind the clouds, and two fruitbats swooped low over our roof.
Yes, sang my heart. Yes. Yes. Yes.
18: MARCH 1992
‘We need a gig,’ said Vee. ‘When do we get to play a gig?’
‘We need a name first,’ Tom answered.
Our instruments leant against the walls of our lounge room. We sprawled out on the floor, feet pointing towards the oil heater, drinking beers. A rain shower rattled against the windows. The practice session had gone well. We were getting tighter.
‘The Communist Goldfish,’ insisted Vee.
‘The Adjective Nouns?’ said Christian.
‘I had an idea,’ I said. ‘The Forests of the Night. After the Blake poem.’
They looked at me blankly.
‘You know. Tyger Tyger burning bright, in the forests of the night?’
I had been thinking of that name for months. It sounded deeply evocative to me: trees rising from black mists, strangers lost in the woods.
The others thought about it.
‘It’s a bit wanky,’ said Christian. ‘Hey! What about the Wankers?’
I scowled and was silent for the rest of the discussion.
*
Summer slowly faded, turning into autumn. We still hadn’t settled on a name.
I came home from a day at the call centre to find Vee kneeling on the living room floor, surrounded by sheets of paper. She was scribbling so intently she didn’t look up as I sat next to her.
‘Lyrics?’ I asked.
She nodded. We had been writing songs like maniacs. Vee finished writing and handed me the sheet she’d been working on. ‘Here. This is for that song with the sitar riff.’
I read her tiny handwriting, and the hairs on my neck stood up. This house has scars, went the chorus.
‘Is this about me?’ I asked. ‘Is this about my ghost?’
‘Yeah,’ she said. ‘Sort of. Is that okay?’
Telling Vee about my ghost had been terrifying. How could I tell the whole world? But what was the point of writing songs if we weren’t going to be honest? Wasn’t that what grunge was about? Laying your heart bare? Exposing all your dirty secrets? If we couldn’t tell the truth, we might as well be writing stupid love songs.
‘It’s great,’ I told her. ‘Let me get my guitar.’
*
A name.
It had to be right. It had to be perfect. I flicked through Nick Cave lyrics and Shakespearean sonnets looking for phrases we could steal. I picked words at random from the dictionary.
‘Stop brooding,’ Vee ordered late one afternoon. ‘Come outside for a walk.’
It had been raining all day, an angry, muggy early autumn gale. The downpour only stopped as the sun was sinking. I pulled on my sneakers and followed her out into the streets. Vee and I wandered in silence, admiring the dramatic grey sky and the tattered houses huddled together as if for shelter. Puddles flooded across the footpaths. The streets were empty. The air was still. The recent rainfall muffled every sound. It felt as if the world was paused, as if we were crossing the threshold into a secret world.
We walked down a cobbled alleyway to a strip of local parkland. Wet grass soaked the laces on my shoes. The puddles beneath the children’s swing-set had run together to form a small, muddy lake.
‘Look!’ said Vee. ‘A swan!’
It was swimming around the lake, black and otherworldly against the tiny suburban park. Its red beak flashed in the dim light. Its dark feathers gleamed.
‘Jesus,’ I said. ‘Someone’s strayed a long way from home.’
‘Ha. Yeah.’
We watched the bird swim slow and elegant circles. Vee grinned suddenly and elbowed me in the ribs.
‘What?’ I said.
‘Stray swans,’ she answered.
‘Huh?’
‘Our band name. The Stray Swans.’
I frowned. ‘We’re more like Ugly Ducklings, aren’t we?’
‘The Stray Swans,’ Vee said confidently.
Bored of the tiny lake, the swan beat its massive wings and vanished up into the sky.
*
Tom called one night while we were making dinner. I wiped the salad dressing off my hands and answered the phone.
‘Thursday,’ he said.
‘Sorry?’
‘We have a gig. The Rook and Castle. Next Thursday.’
‘You’re kidding.’
‘We’re the second support band. The headliners are A Punch in the Faith.’
‘Who?’
‘Hardcore band from America. Pick you and Vee up around six?’
‘Yeah. Sure. See you Thursday.’
We said goodbye and hung up. I stood there, hand on the phone, slightly stunned. Our first gig. We had our first real gig. I knocked on Vee’s door and opened it. She was wrapped up in her pile of blankets, listening to L7 and reading a comic book. She looked up at me as I entered.
‘Tom got us a gig,’ I said.
‘Seriously?’
‘Seriously. Thursday night. Somewhere called the Rook and Castle.’
Vee whooped, leapt up, hugged me, and pulled me down onto her bed. We landed in a tangle of blankets and comic books and dyed hair.
‘We’re rock stars,’ she said.
‘We’re just the support band, stretch.’
‘Shush. We’re rock stars.’
She kissed my forehead and squeezed me tightly.
*
Six pm, Thursday night. Tom’s van pulled up our driveway beeped his horn. Vee and I jumped up off the couch, grabbed my gear, and ran out through the squalling rain to the van.
‘You’ll have to squash in up front,’ Tom said, sliding the side door open. ‘No back seats.’
The van had obviously once belonged to a tradesman. Wire tool shelves still hung along one inside wall. Tom’s drum kit was stacked neatly up the back. I slid my guitar, amp, and plastic milk crate full of leads and effects pedals in next to it. Tom threw a heavy grey blanket over them to stop them sliding around. We slammed the door closed and ran up to the front cabin, pelted by rain.
‘You go in the middle,’ said Vee. The rain soaked her hair. ‘You’re the shortest.’
I slid in. Vee climbed in after me, her giant limbs folding up like spider legs. Tom revved the engine and pulled out into the street.
I was shivering. My fingers felt like icicles.
‘Does the heater work?’ I asked, teeth chattering.
‘Busted,’ said Tom. ‘You cold?’
‘My hands are blue.’
He shook his head. He was wearing the same pair of shorts he always wore. ‘Wuss.’
*
The Rook and Castle. It was a brown 1920s style pub in Collingwood. The paint out the front was peeling. A chalkboard hung beside the door listed the week’s bands, but the rain had washed our name away. A punk stumbled outside and vomited into the gutter. Tom double-parked the van out the front. We grabbed our gear and ran with it through the rain.
Inside, the pub smelt like cigarettes and sewerage.
A grey fog of tobacco smoke hung in the air. Crusty punks rubbed shoulders with smelly grunge pigs and old alcoholics. The walls were cracked, and my sneakers stuck to the tacky, black slime that covered the carpet.
We hauled our gear into the band room. An art deco chandelier dangled over the stage, as out of place in this hole as a ballerina in a rubbish dump. Roadies for the headliners were soundchecking on the stage. The PA sounded like it had fallen off a very high cliff into some very deep mud.
‘Hi,’ I said to the sound guy. ‘We’re the Stray Swans?’
He didn’t even glance at me. ‘Yeah. Right. Faith are having some feedback issues, so you may not get a soundcheck. Be ready by nine.’
‘Where can we put our stuff?’
‘Backstage.’
Backstage was slightly larger than a toilet cubicle, with a huge chipped mirror on one wall surrounded by broken light globes. Vee and I piled everything in there while Tom moved his van. Christian hung by the side of the stage, sharing a smoke with a couple of punk girls.
I roamed the pub restlessly. My skin was freezing. My stomach quivered and squelched. It felt like eels were squirming their way through my digestive tract.
‘I feel sick,’ I told Vee.
‘It’s just nerves, shortie.’
‘No. I’m really sick. I’m about to throw up.’
‘Here,’ said Christian. He passed me his cigarette, and I realised it was a joint. ‘Calm yourself down Bob Marley style.’
‘I don’t smoke,’ I said weakly.
‘You like Jimi Hendrix,’ Christian said. ‘Of course you smoke.’
I held the joint like it was a dead maggot. It smelt like compost and wet socks. Reluctantly, I held the soggy end up to my mouth and took a breath. Smoke coated my mouth, oily and harsh, and seeped down into my lungs. I coughed and handed it back. ‘It’s not working.’
‘Jesus, Cat. Give it some time.’
I took another toke, coughed, took a third. The smell made my stomach cramp. I passed the joint to Vee, who inhaled deeply, held it, then blew out a lazy smoke ring.
Tom came over, his hoodie wet from the rain. Vee saw him coming and hid the joint, guilty like a schoolgirl.
‘Time,’ he said, and nodded at the dark stage.
*
The headliner’s gear was still on the stage. We had to set up around them. And we had to do it quickly—their roadies had eaten into our set time.
We rushed. Fumbling leads and power cords and microphones. Tuning quickly. Stage lights hot and blinding, splintering off the chandelier into a thousand knife-like shards. My hands shook. My stomach lurched. The joint hadn’t calmed me down. It just made my head spin, so I felt dizzy as well as sick.
We raced through a quick soundcheck. Just as we finished, I realised I hadn’t plugged in my delay pedal. I ripped out my leads and hooked it up.
‘Hi,’ Vee said to the audience. ‘We’re the Stray Swans. This song’s called “Giantkiller”.’
Tom counted us in. Christian hit the bass line. I could barely hear him over the drums. The foldback speakers were just fuzzy noise. I bent closer, trying to hear my cue. My fingers flittered nervously over the strings of the guitar, getting ready. Focus, Catherine. You can do this. Just breathe deep.
Okay. Here it comes. I hit the first power chord.
Nothing.
I couldn’t hear myself. Panic hit me. I rechecked my gear. My amp was on. Guitar plugged in. Pedals plugged in. I bashed my strings but no sound came out. Why couldn’t I hear myself? Vee looked sideways at me, but in the glare of the stage lights it was impossible to read her expression.
Just keep playing, I told myself. It’s a problem with the foldback. Just keep playing.
My fingers found the frets by instinct. We finished the first song. The others looked at me.
‘Is your guitar plugged in?’ asked Christian.
‘Of course it is,’ I spat back. I double-checked the lead was plugged into the guitar, the pedals, the amp. Everything was in place. I played a chord, but no sound came out.
‘Sorry, people,’ Vee said into the microphone. ‘Technical difficulties.’
The handful of punks in the audience jeered at us. I stood, bewildered. Everything was in place. It should have been working. What was wrong?
And suddenly I knew. A slow, horrible embarrassment crept up my chest and across my cheeks. I reached down and checked the volume knob on my amp.
It was set to zero. I turned it down when I plugged the pedals in, to stop it making noise.
Crimson with humiliation, I turned it back up.
*
‘Scars’. ‘White Rabbit’. ‘Broken Mirrors, Broken Homes’. The songs slid past in a blur. I was too embarrassed to enjoy playing any of them. I just wanted it to be over. I just wanted to crawl into a deep, dark hole and die.
‘This song is called “Remember”,’ said Vee. ‘It’s our last one.’
Christian kicked off the bass line. Tom’s drums rumbled in. I took a deep breath, counted, and came in with the guitar riff. And we were tight. Everything locked together. Like a giant engine. Flattening everything before us. A small mosh pit started in front of the stage. Vee slid her vocals over the top, and we soared.
Scattered cheers from the audience when we finished. Applause. I barely heard it. I was shaking. Not with nerves. With excitement. This is what it could be like. This was how good it could be.
‘Off,’ said the sound guy. ‘Now. We’ve got to set up for the next band.’
We quickly unplugged everything and dragged it to the side of the stage. The drummer for A Punch in the Faith handed me a beer.
‘Nice trick with your guitar there, kid,’ he said.
I couldn’t tell if he was being sympathetic or sarcastic. I didn’t care.
‘Thanks,’ I said, and drank.
*
I had a shift at the call centre the next day, but I was too wired to go home. We watched the next support band, then A Punch in the Faith.
I was exhausted. But I was glowing inside. That mistake with the volume knob was the single stupidest thing I had ever done in my life. But that version of ‘Remember’ made up for it. I watched the other bands, and for the first time ever I felt completely at peace.
‘Hey!’ yelled Vee, waving her beer at us. ‘Hey! Guess what?’
‘You’re drunk?’ said Christian, deadpan.
‘It’s my birthday tomorrow!’
‘Really?’ I said. ‘I didn’t know that. Happy birthday. How old will you be?’
Vee grinned. ‘Seventeen!’
We all looked at each other. Tom reached over and took away her beer.
19: NOW
A glass door slides softly aside, and I step into the cavernous foyer of Artists Services.
The air-conditioning makes my sweat bead. Framed band posters hang by wires from the ceiling, dividing up the space. I didn’t listen to music anymore, but even I recognise some of the names. Phillip has clearly moved up in the world since he managed us.
At the far end of the foyer is the giant white curve of a reception desk. A very young and very blonde girl sits behind it, wearing a pink Allanah Hill dress and a septum piercing. She looks up and smiles as I walk over.
‘Catherine?’ she asks. ‘Hello! I’m Geneva. We spoke on the phone yesterday?’
‘Yes. Pleased to meet you.’ I shake her hand, noticing how damp my palms are. ‘Sorry. Bit nervous.’
‘No problem! Phillip’s waiting for you up in the meeting room. Did you want go up? Or did you want to, like, use the ladies first or something?
‘I’m fine.’ I wipe my palms on the sides of my skirt. ‘Let’s do it.’
Geneva steps out from behind the desk and leads me to the lift. Mirrors surround us. We look at ourselves, reflected into infinity. Geneva’s dress is skin-tight and she’s wearing black leather pumps with the most terrifying heels I have ever seen. I’m wearing a few grey hairs and matching sweat stains under both armpits. I feel old, ridiculous. This is never going to work.
This has to work. For Vee.
‘Phillip gave me your album,’ she says. ‘The first one? You guys rock.’
‘Rocked. Past tense. But thanks.’
‘This must be really exciting for you, yeah? Getting the band back together?’
‘I’m nervous as hell, actually.’
‘Oh!’ She puts her hand on my arm, and looks at me with big concerned eyes. ‘Don’t be. Really. You just have to, like, hold your head up and think “I’m going to be amazing”. That’s what I do.’
I nod, not sure how seriously to take her advice.
‘Amazing,’ she says, tapping her forehead.
The lift opens out onto a meeting room. Pot plants. Glass. A polished red-gum table the size of an ornamental lake. Phillip sits on one side of it, and he hasn’t aged a day. The same three piece suit, the same salt-and-pepper beard, the same blow-waved hair and reptilian smile.
Next to him sits Tom.
Older. White in his hair. Lines on his face. His tribal tattoos are fading. But he looks good. His shoulders are broader, his jaw square. He looks mature. Grown up. A man, instead of the wiry youth I used to know.
They both look up at the sound of the lift doors.
‘Catherine,’ says Phillip, smiling. ‘Welcome.’
Tom stands up and hugs me. His chest muscles feel as solid as the table.
‘Long time,’ he says.
‘Too long.’
He squeezes tighter for a moment, then lets me go. Phillip holds out my chair while I sit down.
‘Where’s Christian?’ I ask.
‘Sydney,’ says Phillip. ‘He’s joining us by Skype. Geneva?’
Geneva presses a button on a control panel, and what I took to be a sheet of decorative smoked glass flickers into life as a computer screen. It shows a fish-eyed view of an office. Gold records on the walls, a wineglass next to a pile of CDs on the desk. The last time I heard about Christian, I remember, he was doing A&R for one of the majors. The office chair is empty.
‘Just a second,’ says a voice off camera.
And then he sits down. His hair is cut short, he’s put on weight, and he’s wearing a suit. But it’s Christian. He has a wine bottle in one hand, and he pours some into the glass. ‘Sorry. The bottle ran out. Hi Tom. Hi Phillip. Your hair looks fantastic, Cat.’
‘Liar,’ I say. ‘How are you?’
‘Oh, you know. Whoring myself out to the record industry. You?’
‘Getting by. Thanks for coming.’
‘Wouldn’t miss it. It’s like a school reunion, only no-one’s pregnant.’
Phillip looks pointedly at his watch. ‘Sorry to hurry things along, Catherine, but I have another meeting after this. You had a proposal?’
‘Yes.’ I cough, my throat suddenly dry. Phillip flicks his eyes at Geneva, who appears beside me with a glass of water. I drink it too fast and end up coughing again.
I was up all night planning what to say to them, thinking of the best way to persuade them that what has been happening is real. But all my careful arguments abandon me. My mind goes blank.
Keep it simple, Catherine.
‘I had a phone call,’ I tell them. ‘From Vee.’
They stare at me, faces unreadable.
‘Uh,’ says Christian. ‘Isn’t Vee kind of… dead?’
‘Yes,’ I answer. ‘She is.’
Tom frowns at me. Christian slumps back in his chair and swigs from his wineglass. Embarrassment wraps itself around me like a python. All the energy and hope I felt yesterday in the cemetery is strangled. My cheeks burn. You idiot, Catherine. Why did you ever think this would work?
Phillip thoughtfully studies his fingernails for a moment then looks at me. ‘I thought you wished to discuss a reunion,’ he says.
‘Yes,’ I say.
‘Presumably,’ he continues, ‘for the anniversary of Vee’s death?’
The date. On the flyer. Suddenly I remember why it felt familiar. It’s the anniversary of her death. How could I forget that?
‘Yes,’ I say, blushing. ‘I guess so.’
‘And that is… what? Two and half weeks away?’
I nod.
Phillip looks at Tom and Christian. ‘So. A reunion show, in two and half weeks, to mark the anniversary of your bandmate’s passing. Would either of you be interested?’
‘I mean, sure,’ says Christian. ‘Except we don’t have a singer, we don’t remember the songs, we haven’t played in decades, and I’m up to my armpits in work.’
Phillip nods. ‘Tom?’
Tom is still frowning at me.
‘I don’t do nostalgia,’ he says.
‘Well then,’ says Phillip. He leans back in his chair, fingers steepled. ‘Was there anything else?’
‘Wait,’ I say. ‘Please. Wait. This isn’t nostalgia or some stupid grunge revival. We need to do this. For Vee.’
‘Vee,’ says Christian, ‘is dead. Like the parrot in the Monty Python sketch. D. E. A. D.’
‘I know she’s dead. I’m the one that killed her, remember?’
That shames them into listening. Tom dips his head, signalling for me to continue.
‘You have to believe me,’ I say. ‘Vee called. She’s still out there. And I know how to bring her back.’
‘Ooo-kaay,’ says Christian. ‘This has been a laugh, ladies and gentlemen and small furry animals. But I’ve got work to do, and this bottle isn’t going to drink itself. Tom, lovely to see you again. Catherine, go see a doctor. They have the most amazing pills these days.’
He reaches across his desk and the screen goes dark. Phillip raises an eyebrow at Tom and me. Tom ignores him, still frowning at me.
‘Bring her back?’ he asks.
‘I’m not mad,’ I tell him. ‘We can do this.’
He thinks for a long time. Then he shakes his head and stands up.
‘I’ve got work to do too,’ he says. He wraps an arm around my shoulders, squeezes, and lets go. ‘Take care, Cat.’
Then he walks into the lift and is gone. I slump forward in my chair, drained.
‘Not what you were expecting?’ asks Phillip, kindly.
‘No.’ I sigh and sit back up. ‘Well, not what I was hoping for. That was exactly what I should have expected. They don’t believe me, do they? I hoped they’d at least hear me out, for old times’ sake.’
‘It’s been twenty-five years, Catherine, and time is the great devourer. The bonds that once united you all have long since been eaten away.’
‘You didn’t seem too surprised when I told them Vee called me.’
He smiles. ‘I’ve been in this industry a long, long time, Catherine. There’s very little left that can surprise me.’ He strokes his beard. ‘Are you serious about this? Do you really want this reunion show to go ahead?’
‘Yes. Definitely.’
‘Then perhaps leave off the ghost stories for the moment.’
Phillip stares at the table like a chess master planning his move.
‘Christian is a follower at heart,’ he says. ‘He’ll come on board if you can persuade Tom. Tom… Tom is trying to open an all ages venue. But you know what renovations are like. The expenses are endless.’
Phillip pulls a silver pencil out of his inside coat pocket and writes a telephone number on a blank business card.
‘Here,’ he says. ‘Call him. Make the reunion a fundraiser for his venue.’
I laugh involuntarily as I take the card.
‘Jesus Christ. You really are good, aren’t you?’
Phillip’s smile is terrifying. ‘Christ,’ he says, ‘has nothing to do with it.’
20: MARCH 1992
I woke late on Sunday morning to find a strange man in our kitchen. He was going through our cupboards, naked except for a towel around his waist. He had long dirty hair, tattoos and a stubbly goatee.
‘Hey,’ he said. ‘Do you know where the coffee is?’
‘Sorry. Who are you?’
He leant casually against the fridge. ‘I’m Zane. Vee and I…’
‘Oh. Right. Excuse me.’
I took the coffee out of the freezer. There were no clean mugs in the cupboard. Vee hadn’t done the dishes again. I rinsed out two cups and turned the kettle on.
‘So you play guitar, huh?’ Zane asked me.
‘Yeah.’
He slowly scratched his bare chest. ‘That’s kind of hot.’
‘Dude,’ I said. ‘Please. You just shagged my best friend.’
I left him to make his own coffee.
I hadn’t even kissed a boy since the end of Year 10, when my high-school boyfriend, another guitarist, dumped me for a girl who couldn’t play a note. I missed him. I missed the sex, too, even though we had only gone all the way twice. Something I was learning was that while boys in bands get plenty of offers, girls in bands get ignored.
Unless, apparently, you were Vee.
*
The phone rang late one night. I was in bed, trying to get to sleep before my early shift at the call centre the next day. The phone rang, and kept ringing. I waited for Vee to answer it but she didn’t. I climbed reluctantly out of bed and ran out into the hallway to grab it.
‘Hello?’
‘Cat! Hi. It’s Dave. How are ya?’
‘Fine. You?’
‘Yeah, great. Hey, we were wondering—are you two coming to band practice this weekend?’
‘Band practice?’
‘Yeah. With Indented Head. It’d be cool to see you there.’
‘Oh.’ Neither of us had played with them for months. ‘Vee has to work on Saturdays.’
‘What about you? I could come pick you up.’
‘Thanks. But I have all this housework I need to get done, and…’
‘Well, maybe next week?’
‘I’ll have to see, Dave.’
We said goodbye and hung up. Vee poked her head around the corner, sleepy eyed and messy haired.
‘Hey shortie,’ she said. ‘Who was that?’
*
‘Slower!’ I yelled at Christian. ‘Slower! You’re playing it too fast.’
We were rehearsing a new song for our next gig, but it wasn’t going well.
‘It sounds better when you play it fast.’
‘You play everything fast. We need some variation.’
Tom put down his drum sticks.
‘We need to decide something,’ he said. We turned to him. ‘I play in a lot of bands. They’re either democracies, or they’re dictatorships. We need to decide which one the Stray Swans is now, before it becomes a problem.’
‘Democracy,’ I said.
‘Yeah,’ said Vee.
Christian laughed. ‘Bullshit. We don’t get to choose. Cat started this band. She’s the musical genius. We’re all just her little soldiers.’ He stood up and gave a salute. ‘Long live Captain Catonia!’
Vee jumped up and saluted too. ‘Captain Catonia!’
I blushed furiously.
Tom shrugged. ‘Just so long as we’re clear.’
*
Friday night at the Espy. Vee and I had come down to see a band Christian told us that we had to see. Vee and I were both broke, but Christian insisted. So we scraped together our loose change, paid the door fee, and sat in the corner nursing our pots of beer. The Espy was packed with long-haired boys in leather jackets. None of them were Christian. He’d flaked on us.
‘Cat!’
I looked up at the voice. Dave was standing next to us, holding a jug. His chin-stripe was several inches longer than last time I saw him, and he’d woven it into little Viking plaits. It looked incredibly stupid.
‘Cat,’ he said again. ‘How’s the new band going?’
‘Good, thanks. And Indented Head?’
He shrugged. ‘Looking for a new singer. Hey, I was thinking. Maybe I could come sit in on a session with you guys, yeah?’
Vee and I looked at each other.
‘It’ll be cool,’ Dave said. ‘I’ll bring some beer and some choof. Be just like old times.’
‘I… I don’t think we’re ready to play with other people just yet,’ I said. ‘We’re still finding our own groove.’
‘Nah, it’ll be great.
‘Dave,’ I said. ‘Sorry. But we’re really not ready for it.’
‘Sure. Okay.’ He stroked his little beard, and I thought he was about to sit down with us. But instead he waved his jug of beer. ‘I better get back to me mates. See ya soon?’
‘Yes. See you soon.’
Vee smiled wryly once he was gone. ‘I think he’s got a crush on you.’
‘He’s also got a girlfriend.’ My shoulders were tense and my face was red. I took a deep breath, trying to calm myself down. ‘God. This band better be awesome. Otherwise, I’m killing Christian.’
*
Sunday afternoon band practice. We were working on a new song, a slow, Velvet Underground style drone called ‘Glass Slipper’. I was telling Tom to make the drums even quieter when we heard a car pull up our driveway. Vee pulled back the lounge room curtains to look.
‘It’s Dave’s ute,’ she said, puzzled.
I stopped playing and joined her at the window. Dave climbed out of his ute, tucked a slab of beer under his arm, and walked up to our front door. Vee and I looked at each other, trying to decide if we should answer it.
But Dave took the choice out of our hands. He simply opened the front door and walked in.
‘Hi,’ he said. ‘Thought I’d come listen in. Brought you all some beer.’
‘Free beer?’ said Christian. ‘Sweet!’
Dave broke one off from the slab and passed it to Christian. He broke a second one off and offered it to the rest of us in turn. We all shook our heads. Dave shrugged and sat down on our couch. ‘Nice place,’ he said.
I looked at Vee, pleading. She gave a tiny, hopeless shrug.
‘Don’t mind me,’ said Dave, putting his feet up on my amplifier. ‘Pretend I’m not here.’
‘Um,’ I said. ‘We… All right. Let’s try that one again from the top.’
Dave sat on the couch through the whole rehearsal. He drank stubbie after stubbie as he listened to us play. Christian accepted more from him. Dave insisted Vee have one. She took it reluctantly, sipping from it twice before putting it down. He opened another one and held it out to me.
‘Go on,’ he said.
I shook my head.
‘Go on,’ he repeated. ‘One won’t hurt.’
Tom glared at him. ‘She doesn’t want it,’ he growled.
Dave held up his hands. ‘It’s cool, man. Only offering.’
We played a couple more songs, then I needed a toilet break. When I came out of the outdoor loo, Dave was slouched against the back door, waiting.
‘That Christian guy is pretty crap,’ he said. His voice slurred from the beer.
‘We like him,’ I replied.
‘Nah, seriously. You should let me play bass instead. I’m twenty times better than him.’
‘Dave…’
And suddenly he was looming over me, trapping me against the back wall of the house. The rest of the band were inside. I was alone.
‘Fuck you, Catherine,’ he hissed. ‘You steal our singer. You arse me off. You wouldn’t have even met Vee if it wasn’t for me.’
‘Dave. Please.’
‘You owe me, Cat. You owe me big time.’
He leant in close, face inches from mine, reeking of beer and anger.
‘Tom!’ I yelled. ‘TOM!’
The back door flew open. Dave stood up. He had time to say, ‘It’s cool man, it’s all cool.’
And then Tom was on him.
Grabbing him in a headlock. Throwing him into the back garden. Dave staggered up to his feet and charged. But Tom sidestepped and punched him hard in the face. Dave reeled. Blood gushed from his nose. He swung wildly at Tom, clipping him on the cheekbone. But Tom punched back, hitting him in the gut. Dave doubled-over. Tom elbowed him in the back of the head, then kicked him sideways so he fell into the garden again.
Dave landed hard. He scrabbled back up to his feet, mud and grass mixing with the blood on his face. He glared at Tom.
‘Try it,’ said Tom.
Dave stopped. He wiped the mud off his face. His glare shifted to me.
‘Bitch,’ he mumbled. Then he staggered back to his ute and drove off.
Tom was shaking. I put a hand on his shoulder, but he threw it off. He stormed back inside the house, and I ran after him.
Christian was still sprawled on the couch, drinking. ‘What happened?’
Tom snatched the stubbie out of his hand. He shoved it into the carton with the rest of the slab, and marched with them out the back. The rest of us heard him smash the bottles one by one against the driveway. We winced at each one. Then a longer silence, broken only by the sound of a broom sweeping up the broken glass and pouring it into the bin.
Tom came back in. Blood dripped from the middle knuckle of his right hand. He stood in the doorway, arms crossed, jaw clenched, avoiding our eyes.
‘I’m not your bodyguard,’ he growled. ‘I’m not here to fight your fights for you.’
‘No,’ I answered.
I wanted to say more, to thank him. But the anger radiated off him, and I was genuinely afraid of him.
‘Whatever,’ he said. ‘Let’s play.’
*
And later, after we finished rehearsal, after Vee cooked us all dinner, and the other band members went home, she sat on the couch and let me curl up into her lap.
‘I’m so sorry about Dave,’ she said.
‘It’s okay,’ I said. ‘Not your fault.’
She stroked my hair and whisper-sang me a lullaby. But there was still blood and broken glass in the backyard, and from outside the window I could hear damp breathing and the buzz of flies.
*
More gigs. All as the support act.
That was fine. We were new. We needed to earn our dues. And I wanted to bury the incident with Dave under a pile of noise. We opened for Nirvana rip-offs (Teenage Pheromones), for rockabilly quartets (the Witty Quiffs), and a strange electronic band that played the same note for thirty minutes, bending it with a fearsome array of effects pedals (Solar Power for Newcastle).
We started to get regulars. Then some regulars became fans.
‘We need a mailing list,’ said Tom. ‘And a demo tape.’
‘I can do the newsletter,’ said Vee. ‘We can do it like a zine.’
Tom nodded. ‘There’s a studio we can rent for the demo. I know the owner. He’ll give us a discount.’
‘Or we could just record it here,’ said Christian.
‘We don’t have the gear.’
‘You don’t,’ smirked Christian. ‘I got a four-track for my birthday.’
‘What?’ I said. ‘You’re joking.’
‘Rich parents,’ he shrugged. ‘Actually, they bought me a suit. But I sold it and bought the four-track instead.’
21: MAY 1992
Christian brought the Tascam four-track cassette recorder around the next weekend. We spent an hour fiddling with mics and sound levels, trying to get a halfway decent sound. Our lounge room was not a recording studio. The trebles were muddy, the bass too loud. The output from one amp bled through to the mics for the others.
‘It doesn’t matter,’ Vee said impatiently. ‘Lo-fi is good. Let’s just record.’
We tried a take of ‘Giantkiller’. Christian played it back, fiddled with the equalisers. We tried a second take, which was better.
A knock on our front door.
‘Crap,’ said Vee. ‘It’s Mister Vasilakis.’
I answered the door. He looked more sad than angry.
‘You very loud,’ he said.
‘Sorry. But it’s only midday. We’re trying to record.’
‘No. No. Is okay. But… you very loud.’
I apologised again and went back to the band. ‘He said we’re too loud.’
‘It’s the middle of the bloody day,’ said Christian. ‘He can just deal with it.’
‘That’s easy for you to say. You don’t have to live next door to him.’
‘Are we a rock band or a library?’
Tom frowned. ‘Let’s do this. I have another gig tonight.’
*
The last notes of ‘Remember’ died away, and the Tascam clicked to a stop.
‘That’s great,’ said Vee. ‘It sounds great.’
‘It sounds like it was recorded in mudhole,’ I said. ‘While extra mud was poured into the microphones. The quality is terrible.’
‘It’s raw,’ said Vee. ‘That’s what we want.’
We had recorded four songs: ‘Remember’, ‘Scars’, ‘Giantkiller’ and a cover of ‘White Rabbit’. Tom scowled all the way through that last one.
‘No cover bands,’ he reminded me.
‘We’re not a cover band,’ I argued. ‘Listen to it. We make it our own.’
Tom was unconvinced. I understood his position: winning an audience with original songs was hard work. Cover songs were a cheap and nasty shortcut. But Vee and I had been playing that cover of ‘White Rabbit’ since we first started, and it just felt right.
‘Speaking of covers,’ said Vee, and held up her sketchbook. She had drawn a beautiful sketch of a swan drifting along river, a young girl riding on its back. The line work was delicate, almost Pre-Raphaelite.
‘It’s beautiful,’ I said.
Christian frowned. ‘It’s a bit girly.’
‘How is it girly? And what’s wrong with girls?’
‘You know. Birds and shit, man. It’s not very rock and roll.’
‘Give me the tape,’ said Tom. ‘I know someone who can run off duplicates for us.’
‘Of course you do,’ said Christian, opening a beer.
*
Tom and I took our demo tape around to every record label he knew. We knocked on doors for the local labels, and mailed copies off to labels in Sydney and overseas. It was a blitz. Thirty-one tapes sent out in fortnight. I had papercuts from folding the cover inserts, and my fingers stank of envelope glue.
We’ll get back to you, the labels all said.
*
Vee bloomed that autumn.
Her pale hair was perfect for dyes, and she dyed it so much that her tips cracked and multi-coloured knots clogged up our bath. But the colours… sea greens, peacock blues, fire engine reds. Her hair looked like a rainforest.
She wore op-shop floral dresses and bare feet. She rimmed her eyes in kohl, which emphasised their smoky grey colour. She pierced her nose and wore a nose-ring.
Heads turned when she walked down the street. She looked like a rock star. She looked beautiful.
I could never be beautiful like her.
So I worked with what I had. I cut my hair short, dyed it purple, pinned it back with barrettes. I bought retro style frames for my glasses. I bought red Converse All Stars. I wore black band t-shirts, ripped tights and tartan skirts slung low on my hips with a studded leather belt. In an op-shop on Smith Street, I found a brown leather safari jacket that was only two sizes too big for me, and fell instantly in love.
I felt dangerous. I felt like a gunslinger.
I felt rock and roll.
‘You look like a witch,’ laughed Christian when he saw my new clothes. ‘You look like a little punk witch.’
I gave him the finger. But inside I was delighted.
*
‘Have you heard anything?’ I asked Tom, in one of our band meetings.
‘No.’
‘Nothing? Not from any of the labels? But we sent out so many tapes.’
Tom shrugged. ‘Send more.’
*
The phone rang at work. My manager answered then held it out. ‘For you,’ he said.
I took the receiver from him. ‘Hello?’
‘Is that Catherine St. James?’ asked a Cockney accent. ‘My name is Phillip Hunt.’
He let that hang there, as though I should recognise the name.
‘Um,’ I said. ‘Sorry. I don’t…’
‘I run Artists Services. We manage bands. I heard your demo tape, and I think we should talk.’
‘But how did you get my work number?’
‘I know people, Miss St. James. Lots of people. You’re playing at the Rook and Castle this weekend, correct? Why don’t I talk to you and your friends then.’
‘Okay, I guess.’
‘Excellent. Saturday, then.’
He hung up, and I was left holding the telephone, slightly dazed. My manager glared at me and muttered about personal calls. I ignored him, checking my watch.
I needed to tell the others. But I still had two hours of work to go.
22: NOW
Lunch break the next day. Students run between the classrooms, spraying each other with water bottles. I pull my phone out from my satchel and try to find somewhere private to call Tom.
The Head of Maths is brewing tea in the staff room, and I’m in his bad books because I don’t have a medical certificate for my sick days yet. So I walk out to the oval before I call. The phone rings four times before someone answers.
‘Rook and Castle Hotel,’ says a Somali accent. ‘How may I help you?’
‘Sorry, did you say the Rook and Castle?’
‘Yes, ma’am.’
That throws me. Wasn’t that the shithole where we played our first gig?
‘I… Sorry. This is Cat St. James. Is Tom Balloch there?’
‘One moment, please.’
The clunk of a phone handset being placed on a table. Muffled noises. Then: ‘Tom speaking.’
‘Tom, it’s Cat.’
‘What’s up?’ His voice is as unreadable as a bluestone wall.
‘I made a mess of things yesterday. Can we talk? In person?’
Silence. Insects buzz me. The sun burns.
‘I’m busy tonight,’ Tom says eventually. ‘Come around Saturday. Eleven-thirty. We can talk over lunch.’
‘Where? The Rook and Castle? Do you work there now?’
Tom laughs, a single amused grunt.
‘Saturday,’ he repeats, and hangs up.
I stand in the centre of the oval, feeling the sun sear my skin red. Tinny drumbeats drift over from the pines. Shanti.
I should leave her alone. I need to focus on the reunion. And things will get dangerous. I swore a pact to give up music. The shadow won’t let me renege on that lightly. So leave Shanti and Fiona alone. Don’t get involved. They’ll figure it out. Or they won’t. Either way, they’ll be safe from the shadow.
Fuck the shadow.
I stride across to the pines.
‘Give me your number.’
Shanti blinks up at me, startled. ‘What?’
‘Your phone number. What is it?’
She reels off the digits. I text her my home address.
‘Come over Sunday morning. Ten o’clock. Bring your gear.’
Her eyes light up. ‘Seriously?’
‘Seriously. I can think of at least four ways to make your song better, starting with how you fret those power chords.’
Shanti and her friend grin at each other, puzzled but excited. ‘Thanks, Miss.’
‘Sunday,’ I repeat. ‘Don’t be late.’
A pair of ravens scratch for bugs out on the oval, stabbing the drought-hard earth with their beaks. They caw at me as I pass them.
‘And fuck you too,’ I say.
MEMORABILIA #2
dear shortie—
just a quick note to say i’ve been listening to our demo tape over and over and it rocks!!! seriously. these songs are bloody wonderful.
thank you. thank you so much. if it wasn’t for you, i’d still be singing with some dickhead heavy metal band out in dandenong. of course, without me you’d still be a sad little busker in bourke st, dying from the cold.
good thing we found each other, yeah?

love you always,
stretch
23: JUNE 1992
Saturday. We were headlining at the Rook and Castle.
Vee and I were getting ready in the men’s bathroom. We were using the men’s bathroom because the women’s toilets had backed up and raw sewerage was seeping out along the floor. Drunk blokes pushed past to pee sloppily into the urinals, ignoring us.
‘Is this really the best place to meet this manager?’ I asked.
‘It’s perfect.’
‘Perfect? How?’
‘It’s like one of those glass things. In laboratories. Where they breed viruses?’
‘A petri dish?’ I asked.
She nodded. I was about to ask her what she meant when Tom interrupted us.
‘He’s in the beer garden,’ Tom said. ‘Come on.’
The manager turned out to be a lean, suave Englishman. He was dressed in a black suit with an open collared white shirt. He had blow-waved dark hair, and a neatly trimmed beard. A thick silver wedding ring wrapped around his finger, expensive but tasteful. He looked like a real estate agent, or the missing member of the Bee Gees. He looked completely out of place in the Rook and Castle.
‘Phillip,’ said Tom. ‘This is the band. Vee. Cat. Christian.’
‘Phillip Hunt,’ the Englishman said. ‘Artists Services.’
He bowed to us and smiled. His smile was too wide, reptilian somehow. Like he had too many teeth.
‘I don’t normally manage rock bands,’ he said. His accent reminded me of Michael Caine. ‘My specialty used to be pop. But that was the Eighties, and times are changing. I’m very much looking forward to hearing you play.’
‘Thanks,’ blushed Vee.
Phillip turned to me. ‘Tom tells me you write the songs.’
‘We all do,’ I said.
‘Bullshit,’ grinned Christian. ‘She’s great. You’ll love them. Hey Phil, you want a beer?’
Phillip smiled that too-wide smile again and gave Christian a fifty-dollar note. ‘Please, on me. Let me write it off as a business expense.’
We drank our beers, made small talk. The support band finished. It was time to get ready. We crammed into the Rook’s tiny backstage room to tune our guitars and psych ourselves up.
‘He’s pretty bloody charming,’ Vee said. Her cheeks were flushed. She hid her eyes behind her hair.
‘He’s like a tiger in nursery,’ I replied. ‘He’s just working out if we’re fat enough to eat.’
We geared up. Climbed on stage. Vee stepped up to the microphone, her cheeks still bright.
‘Rock and roll is a disease,’ she said, grinning through the stage lights. ‘We’re here to infect you.’
*
Afterwards. Ears ringing. T-shirt soaked in sweat. Some hideous black mess on my shoes from the stage floor. The jukebox played AC/DC so loud the glasses rattled.
‘Come outside,’ said Phillip.
We carried our drinks out to the beer garden.
‘Garden’s closing,’ said one of the staff.
‘We won’t be long,’ Phillip assured him.
We sat around a table while Phillip stood to one side, thoughtfully stroking his beard.
‘I shall be honest,’ he said. ‘This is not my type of music.’
Our faces sank.
‘Too loud,’ he continued. ‘Too dirty. And a good manager is passionate about his charges. You should never settle for anything less.’
He sighed. Rubbed his eyes. Christian swore and made to stand. Phillip held up a hand to stop him.
‘Passion,’ he repeated, and nodded to himself. ‘My cut is fifteen percent of all earnings, three year contract, first option to renew. And in exchange, I guarantee you’ll have a record deal by the end of the year.’
‘Sorry?’ I said, confused.
‘My terms. Those are my terms. As your manager.’
‘I thought you just said we weren’t your type of music.’
‘I did,’ Phillip shrugged. ‘I hate your genre. But your band? I love.’
‘You dirty bastard,’ laughed Christian.
Phillip smiled and placed a business card on the table. ‘Swing by my office Monday. I’ll have the contracts waiting.’
*
‘Fifteen percent is a lot,’ said Tom.
Late Sunday afternoon sunlight sloped in through our lounge room windows. The band sat hunched over mugs of coffee, still bleary from the late night before.
‘We don’t need him,’ Tom continued. ‘We can manage ourselves.’
‘Yeah,’ said Christian. ‘Right. That’s why we’re swamped with record deals.’
Tom glared at him.
‘But it’s Cat’s decision, isn’t it?’ asked Vee. ‘Didn’t we vote her in charge?’
I sipped my coffee, uncomfortable. ‘No,’ I said. ‘That was about the music side of things. This is money. It affects everyone. I think we should all vote.’
‘Well, I vote yes,’ said Christian. ‘Bring on the record contracts and wheelbarrows full of money. I’m ready for it. Tom?’
Tom shook his head. ‘We can do this ourselves.’
They looked at me. I chewed my lip, thinking. ‘I don’t know. One the one hand, he guaranteed us a record contract by the end of the year. On the other, there’s just something creepy about him. I really don’t know if we can trust him. Vee? What do you think?’
Vee was kneeling at the window, distracted, trying to free a moth that was caught in a spider’s web. She looked around at us and blinked. ‘Huh? Oh. I vote yes. Phillip seems really sweet.’
*
The Artists Services office in St Kilda looked like a dentist’s surgery, except there were no posters about tooth decay, and the blonde receptionist looked like she’d escaped from a Duran Duran video. She asked us to take a seat in the waiting area, where two green leather couches sat at right angles to a professional espresso machine. Christian poked a potted fern to check if it was real. We sipped lattes and leafed through back issues of NME until Phillip came to collect us.
‘The Stray Swans,’ he said, shaking each of our hands. ‘Welcome, welcome. Come into the meeting room.’
The meeting room walls were decorated with framed album covers from 80s pop bands. We sat down around a glass table. My hand still felt greasy after Phillip’s handshake. I wiped it on the bottom of my designer chair.
Phillip sat at the head of the table, and produced a neat stack of paper from his briefcase. ‘You’ve discussed my terms amongst yourselves? Do you agree to them?’
‘We have,’ I said. ‘And yes, we agree.’
‘Excellent. You just made your first mistake. Never agree to anything until you’ve read the contract.’ He passed the papers to Vee. ‘Fortunately, I won’t hold you to that. Please, read over it. Take your time. But there shouldn’t be any surprises in there.’
Vee skimmed through it, and signed happily. Tom took his time, reading and re-reading passages, before adding his signature. I read it through once, warily. The legal phrases hurt my brain, but as far as I could tell, there was no trickery. I signed and passed it on to Christian. He added his name without even bothering to read it. Finally, the contract passed back to Phillip, who added his own flourish.
‘Welcome aboard,’ he said. ‘It will be a pleasure doing business with you. And now, the celebrations…’
The meeting room door opened up, and Phillip’s assistant wheeled in a trolley holding champagne in a bucket of ice. Phillip popped the cork and white froth spilled out over the table.
Christian grabbed one glass for himself and thrust another at Tom. ‘Drink up, Tommy Tom-Toms. We’re paying for this stuff now.’
‘I’m right,’ said Tom.
‘Come on. You hungover or something?’
‘No,’ Tom answered calmly. ‘I’m straight-edge. I don’t drink.’
Christian looked bewildered. ‘What? Since when?’
Tom just stared at him, expressionless as a cat.
‘A drummer that doesn’t drink?’ Christian looked around the room in confusion. ‘Is this grounds to break the contract?’
24: NOW
Saturday morning. I catch the train out to Collingwood. The shops have all changed. Everything’s a café now. Hipsters lounge in the sun, hiding their eyes behind vintage Ray-Bans. I turn down the wrong side street and have to double back to Hoddle Street before I find it.
The Rook and Castle.
The brickwork is still cracked. The whole building still slumps slightly to the right. But it’s been painted recently in a dark Brunswick green, and a new English-style pub sign hangs above the front door. The motif is a giant black chess piece with a raven perched on top.
I try the band room door. It’s locked.
The door to the front bar is locked too. Am I early? I check the time on my. No, it’s 11:30 pm. The time Tom said to get here.
Behind me, the band room door clanks open, and a rockabilly girl leans out. Her bleached blonde hair is rolled up into victory curls, and hot rods are tattooed down her pillowy white arms.
‘Are you Cat?’ she asks.
‘Yeah. I’m here to meet Tom?’
‘I’m Pearl. Tom’s waiting for you out back. Follow me.’
She holds the door open while I duck inside. The band room is dark and cool after the bright sunlight and concrete outside. I blink, adjusting to the dimness.
The place has been done up. Fresh carpet. New paint. A new PA. Even the gig posters on the wall look neater. The art deco chandelier above the stage is still there, though, polished and glittering in the afternoon light.
‘We played here,’ I tell the rockabilly. ‘Several times. It smells a lot nicer now.’
‘Hell yeah. You shoulda been here when the smoking ban came in. Sixty years of nicotine just oozing out of the walls.’
‘I can imagine.’
‘Hey. You played in the Stray Swans, right?’ She nods at one of the band posters. ‘Check it out.’
Arty black and white photo. In the background: a line of black and burnt snowgums, blurry as charcoal sketches. Middle ground, out of focus: Tom, Christian and me. Foreground, crystal clear: Vee, completely naked, smiling down at the camera with one hand casually hiding her crotch.
It’s the poster for the ‘Bloodwood’ single.
Goosebumps crawl over my skin.
‘What I love about it,’ says the rockabilly, ‘is the way her nipples follow you around the room.’
I have to swallow before I can speak.
‘Christian made the same joke,’ I reply.
But it’s not Vee’s breasts that hypnotise me. I can’t stop staring at her face, smiling down in benediction, like the patron saint of grunge.
‘You okay, hon?’ asks Pearl.
‘I’m fine. Sorry. I’m fine.’
We step out in the beer garden. New plants line the fences. Four or five bar staff wearing Rook and Castle t-shirts are sitting at one table, pouring each other drinks, setting out cutlery. The kitchen door opens. Tom comes out, plates of curry balanced on his arms.
‘They’re hot,’ he tells the staff.
He doesn’t see me. I stand there awkwardly until the rockabilly laughs. ‘Boss?’ says Pearl. ‘Behind you.’
Tom turns. ‘Hey.’ He grabs my shoulder. Squeezes. Turns to the other staff. ‘This is Cat.’
The bar staff wave, piling curry onto their pappadums.
‘Here.’ Tom hands me a bowl. ‘Waaberi is the best vegan chef in town.’
‘Thanks. You’re vegan now?’
‘No. But a lot of our punters are. Eat up.’
A lanky Somali guy comes out from the kitchen wearing a Clash t-shirt and fluorescent pink bondage pants, carrying the rest of the plates. He places them on the table, then sits down with his hand resting on Tom’s thigh. I smile. Tom always liked his boys tall and skinny.
Tom eats in silence, the same serious frown on his face that he used to wear when he was drumming. The other staff members chat happily amongst themselves. I feel old, out of place.
‘So, Tom,’ I ask. ‘Do you work here now?’
The rockabilly girl laughs. ‘Work here? He owns the bloody place!’
‘Seriously?’
‘I lease it,’ Tom corrects her.
‘But you’re still the boss,’ she replies.
‘Best boss in the world,’ says Waaberi.
Tom scowls. ‘Less talk, more eating. We open in fifteen minutes.’
‘You own a pub?’ I ask him, still astonished. ‘Does that mean you’re not edge anymore?’
Tom holds out his fists. Tattooed across the back of each hand is a straight-edge X.
‘Of course,’ I laugh and shake my head. ‘A straight-edge who owns a pub.’
‘I lease it,’ he repeats. As he pulls his arm back to finish eating, I notice another tattoo on the inside of his arm, much older, the ink faded green: a pair of swans.
Tom wipes the last of the curry from his plate. ‘Okay people,’ he announces to the table. ‘We open in ten. Everybody get to work.’
His voice is gruff, but there’s affection for his staff in it. And they return it as they leave the table, patting his shoulder or giving him teasing salutes. I help Waaberi clean away the dirty plates, and then Tom tilts his head, motioning for me to follow him.
‘I need to tune the PA,’ he says. ‘We can talk while I do that.’
We step back into the shadowy band room. Tom powers up the mixing desk and starts checking the cables plugged into the back.
‘Phillip told me you were opening an all-ages venue,’ I say. ‘Is this it? The Rook?’
‘Yeah.’
‘He said you needed money for it, though.’
‘Did he just?’
‘He did. Listen, Tom—what if we did the reunion show as a fundraiser? What if all the door takings went towards your venue? A hundred and fifty punters, ten dollars each, that’s one and half grand towards it.’
‘Did Phillip tell you to say that too?’
‘Yes. He did.’
Tom checks the last cable and stands up. ‘I’m busy, Cat. I don’t have time for bullshit. You want to do a reunion show for Vee’s ghost, just say it. Don’t try to bribe me.’
‘Okay. Sorry.’ I take a deep breath. ‘I went to her grave, Tom. And I found this.’
I pull the flyer out of my pocket and hand it to him.
‘I know it sounds stupid. But she really did call me. And weird things keep happening. This flyer. You working here. It sounds mad, but this isn’t just coincidence. Vee really is still out there.’
‘And you want to bring her back.’
In the gloom, his face looks like a statue.
‘Yes,’ I say, ‘I want to bring her back.’
Tom climbs up onto the stage and starts checking the microphones. I stay beside the mixing desk, giving him time to think. An analogue clock hangs above the desk. I watch the second hand tick around the circumference twice before Tom speaks again.
‘When did she die?’ he asks. ‘What date?’
‘The twenty-second. Same date as the flyer.’
‘That’s Thursday week. Not much time.’
‘I know.’
‘We don’t have a singer.’
‘If this works, we won’t need one.’
‘And if it doesn’t?’
Then none of it matters, I think. ‘We’ll play instrumentals.’
Tom squats down to adjust the foldback monitors. ‘Phillip was right. I need the money.’
‘It’s yours. Every cent.’
He finishes with the foldback, stands up, and brushes some dust off his knees. Then he stands still on the stage staring down at me, arms crossed, thinking. He looks so different from when we first met. So much older. So much more mature. But he also looks exactly the same: the same clothes, the same hair, the same seriousness and determination and ferocious love for music.
‘I don’t believe in ghosts,’ he says.
‘You don’t have to,’ I reply.
He stares at me for a moment longer.
‘Okay,’ he says. ‘I’m in.’
Relief floods over me. I have to blink back tears. ‘Thank you, Tom. Thank you.’
He climbs off the stage and walks over to me. ‘I’ll book the slot. You need to start organising publicity. And Christian is going to be a problem.’
‘Because he’s in Sydney? I’ll call him. We’ll work something out.’
‘That’s not what I meant.’
Before he can explain, the rockabilly girl sticks her head in through the door from the front bar.
‘Opening time, boss,’ she says. ‘We need you to unlock the till.’
Tom nods to her, and she ducks back out. We look at each other in silence. Phillip said the bonds between us have worn away. Is that true? Are we strangers now? Or is there still some connection?
‘I’ll call Christian,’ I say.
Tom nods again. Then he follows Pearl into the front bar, leaving me alone in the band room. I take a moment to compose myself before I leave too.
Vee watches me from the poster as I go.
25: JULY 1992
We had a gig that Thursday at the Arthouse, supporting Solar Power for Newcastle for their latest single launch. Christian had been out drinking the night before, and he was grumbling as we carried our gear inside.
‘We’re only getting paid seventy-five bucks for this,’ he said. ‘And we still have to give fifteen percent to Phillip?’
‘All earnings,’ I answered. ‘That’s what the contract says.’
‘But that means we only make about fifteen bucks each.’
‘Shut up and lift this bass amp, Christian.’
I wasn’t thrilled about it either. Handing over fifteen percent over every gig payment meant we barely covered the cost of petrol, batteries, and guitar strings. But Phillip had promised us a record contract by the end of the year. If he came through, it would be worth it.
Tom was already on stage, screwing the cymbals onto his drum kit. The revelation that he was straight-edge had thrown me. I was sure I’d seen him with a beer in his hand after our shows. But the more I thought about it, the more I realised that was just an assumption on my part. Everyone else was drinking, so I presumed he was too.
Vee snuck up behind me and elbowed me in the ribs. ‘He’s cute, isn’t he?’
‘What? Who?’
‘Tom. And he’s all dark and mysterious. Go on. Admit you think he’s cute.’
I felt my cheeks grow red. ‘He’s gay, stretch.’
‘So?’ She stopped to pick a beer cap off her bare foot. ‘Some people find that sexy.’
‘He’s gay and he’s our drummer. I’m not dating bandmates.’
Vee shrugged. ‘We have to find some boy for you. You’re turning into a nun.’
‘Can we please discuss my sex life after the gig? Or better yet, never?’
Vee winked at me and skipped up onto the stage for the soundcheck.
*
We played well, but the crowd were experimental music fans, and they were waiting for the headliners. Afterwards we sat around a table drinking. I got talking to their keyboard player about effects pedals. His name was Michael. He was tall and skinny and had a floppy black fringe like a goth Thurston Moore.
‘This is supposed to be a compressor,’ he said, placing one of his pedals on the table. ‘But I spilt beer all over it, and I think a circuit blew. Now it makes these crazy distortion noises. Like it’s full of bees.’
‘Nice,’ I said.
Michael smiled sheepishly. ‘I heard you guys signed with Phillip Hunt.’
‘Yeah. You know him?’
‘No, not really. But there’s all sorts of rumours. I heard he was in a pop band in the Sixties. I heard he met Anton LeVey.’
‘Who?’ I was distracted by Michael’s fringe. The way it fell across his eyes was endearingly goofy.
‘You know. The guy who started the Church of Satan.’
Christian tapped me on the shoulder. ‘We’re off. You coming?’
Tom and Vee were waiting by the door. I hesitated. Vee was wrong. I wasn’t a nun.
‘I’ll take a taxi,’ I said.
Michael’s cheeks turned red.
And later, in the back of the taxi: his head resting against mine, silly grins, our fingers knotting together. Back to his flat, a tiny bedsit. Mugs on the windowsill. Dirty laundry on the floor. An enormous rack of synths and computers against one wall.
We fell onto his bed, wrapped around each other. Kissing. Writhing. Sending exploratory hands up under each other’s t-shirts. His hand found my bra. Slipped underneath.
And we broke off, both suddenly shy.
‘Maybe I should take you home,’ he said.
‘Yeah. Maybe.’
We straightened our clothes, stood up, walked over to the door. Hesitated.
‘Goodbye kiss?’ I asked. My voice was hoarse.
‘Oh. Sure.’
He bent to kiss me on the cheek and I kissed him full on the lips instead. And the hunger was back: a heat in my chest, and a wetness beneath my legs.
I pushed him against the door. Grabbed his hand. Slid it deep inside my jeans.
*
Squeals of white noise jerked me awake.
I was naked. The flat was dark. The bedsheets smelt like wet dogs. The only light was a glow from the corner. Everything was a blur without my glasses. Where the hell was I?
I fumbled on the floor near the bed and found my glasses. Michael sat hunched in front of his computer monitor. That’s what the noise was. A modem dialling. I relaxed.
‘What are you doing?’ I asked him.
‘Nothing,’ he said. ‘Just checking my mail.’
His face was ghostly in the monitor light, his mouth hung open, his hair flopped into his eyes while they darted over the screen. He was naked except for a pair of boxer shorts.
‘You nerd,’ I sighed. ‘Come back to bed.’
I slid the sheets back, revealing myself. He grinned and turned off the computer.
26: AUGUST 1992
‘It’s August,’ Christian told Phillip. ‘Where’s our record deal?’
Phillip ran a finger along the edge of the glass meeting room table. ‘I’m still luring people in. It takes time. But there is interest. Lots of interest. And from more than one label.’
‘You could just be saying that,’ Christian said. ‘I mean, how do we know you’re not lying?’
‘You don’t,’ Phillip smiled. ‘But you will before New Year’s Eve.’
*
I stood outside the bank, waiting. People in suits walked past me, deliberately ignoring the freak with the leather coat and dyed hair. I wished I had brought my guitar with me so I could practise while I waited. My fingers moved subconsciously, fretting invisible strings.
Michael burst out of the bank entrance, tugging off his tie. ‘God,’ he said. ‘Sorry I’m so late. Who calls a helpdesk at five o’clock on Friday? Don’t they know I have bands to go see?’
He kissed me, bent down almost double to reach me. I kissed him back, running my fingers through his messy black hair.
‘Wanna get dinner before the bands start?’ he asked me. ‘There’s a cool little Indian place around the corner.’
‘Sure. Sounds good,’ I replied. ‘Hey, listen—which label are you guys on?’
‘Dipstick Records. Why?’
‘Our new manager said he’d have a record deal for us by the end of the year. So far, though, nothing’s come out of it.’
‘Managers. Typical.’ Michael shook his fist in mock anger at the bank, then we held hands and walked off. ‘I could speak to Rusty, if you like. He’s into weird bands.’
‘Rusty?’
‘The guy who runs Dipstick Records. You don’t know Rusty?’
I shook my head.
‘God, he’s a total nutcase. He owns Dipstick. And does their recording. And everything else. Ate way too much acid back in the Seventies and his brain just went poof. Completely insane. But he’s good. Very, very good. I’ll talk to him.’
‘Could I talk to him? I don’t want it to sound like you’re asking him to sign us as a favour to your girlfriend.’
Michael grinned. ‘Girlfriend?’
I blushed. Michael and I had been seeing each other for a couple of weeks now, but we were still in that hazy, undecided zone between a casual fling or something more serious.
‘You know what I mean. Could you set up a meeting?’
‘Sure. Come on, I’m starving.’
He pulled on my hand, dragging me away into the evening.
*
I was practising guitar in bed several days later when the phone rang.
‘Vee?’ I yelled out. ‘Vee? Can you get that?’
There was no answer. The ringing stopped and I heard the answering machine kick in. I put down my guitar and jogged out into the hall.
‘It’s Phillip,’ said a familiar Cockney voice from the answering machine. ‘Call me. I have news.’
I picked up the phone before he disconnected. ‘Phillip? It’s me.’
‘Catherine. Lovely. I called to tell you some news. Melissa Finch from Sapphire Records wants to meet you next Friday for lunch.’
‘Really? Sapphire Records?’ They were one of the biggest record labels in Australia.
‘I’ll get the details to you soon. Tell the others.’ He hung up gently.
Sapphire Records were huge. They had Top Ten artists in their roster. In my wildest daydreams, I imagined we might sign to them after our fourth or fifth hit album.
My hands were trembling with excitement. I knocked on the door to Vee’s room, but it was empty. So was the toilet out back. I eventually found her curled up on the hideous purple couch in the lounge room, sketching away in her book.
‘That was Phillip,’ I told her. ‘Sapphire Records want to meet with us on Friday.’
She blinked. ‘Sapphire Records? Really?’
‘That’s what I said too. Why didn’t you answer the phone?’
She shrugged. ‘Didn’t hear it,’ she answered, and hid behind her hair.
*
‘I spoke with Rusty,’ Michael said. We were lying together in his single bed, naked. A mixtape of industrial bands was playing on his stereo: Coil, Nine Inch Nails, Severed Heads. Not exactly my idea of romantic music, but Michael seemed to enjoy it.
‘What did he say?’
‘He’s interested. I told him you’re playing at the Rook and Castle again next Sunday, and he said he’d come check you out.’
‘Oh. Thanks, Michael. But we’re meeting Sapphire on Friday.’
‘I don’t know, Cat. Sapphire are huge, and they have tons of money, and all that business. But that’s not always a good thing. I mean, they’re signing up a lot of grunge bands at the moment, trying to cash in on Nirvana’s success. You’re not actually a band to them. You’re just more meat for the sausage machine.’
‘So you think we should sign with Dipstick?’
‘I think you should at least meet Rusty, yeah. He’s a lunatic, but you’d have creative control. That’s why we signed with him.’
I laughed. ‘What? Did Sapphire try to sign Solar Power?’
‘Well, no. But we would have turned them down, if they had. We’re no-one’s sausage.’
‘You sure about that?’ I said, and gave his groin a little pinch.
‘Ow! Stop that.’
He pushed my hand away. I lay silent next to him, thinking hard. In the excitement about meeting Sapphire, I hadn’t considered contracts or creative control or anything like that. The Stray Swans might have been just another grunge band, but we had our own take on it. We had our own sound, and that sound was an honest expression of who we were. I didn’t want to give that up to become another manufactured pop band.
‘Okay,’ I said. ‘We’ll meet him. Thanks for setting this up.’
‘No problem. Anything for my girlfriend.’ He smiled, teasing me
I rolled my eyes at him. ‘Move over. I need to go pee.’
He shifted out of my way, and grinned at me as I ran to his cramped little bathroom. I locked the door and sat on the toilet with the lid down.
Girlfriend? Was that just a callback to the other day? Or did he mean it? Our whole relationship seemed to be back to front: we started out sleeping together, and only now were we working out if we liked each other or not.
The night was cold. Some flies had crawled in through the air vents in Michael’s bathroom and were buzzing around the mirror in search of food. I frowned at them, afraid. But they were just flies. The shadow wasn’t coming. Not yet.
*
‘Dipstick Records?’ said Phillip, when I told everyone at the next band meeting. ‘No offence, Catherine, but they’re miniscule. No money. No distribution. No-one even approaching a successful artist.’
‘Sounds perfect,’ said Tom.
Phillip frowned. ‘You’re having lunch with Sapphire Records on Friday. I worked hard to arrange this. Please don’t cock it up.’
‘We’re not cocking up anything,’ I said. ‘We’re just exploring options.’
‘Option one,’ Phillip said, ‘is fame and fortune with Sapphire. Option two is obscurity and bankruptcy with Dipstick. There. The options have been explored.’
‘Don’t be so snide. You said yourself that you don’t know our genre. Maybe we’re better off on an independent label. Maybe we’re not just Top Forty sausage meat.’
‘Sausage meat?’
‘Whatever. We just want to meet with him. See what he’s like.’
‘Yeah!’ said Vee supportively.
Phillip massaged his temples as if in pain. ‘Fine. Very well. Meet with him. Go ahead. But if anyone signs anything until we’ve met with Sapphire, they will be sausage. Because I will personally feed their fingers through a meat grinder. Understood?’
‘Understood.’
‘For the record,’ said Christian as we stood up to leave, ‘I prefer the fame and fortune option.’
*
The Sapphire rep was late.
We sat around the table in the Rialto restaurant, fiddling with wineglasses, feeling stood-up and out of place. Phillip checked his watch, scowled, excused himself to make a phone call.
I had never been in a wine bar before in my life, and I would be happy if I never visited one again. The restaurant was full of rich people: men in business suits, or families in their best clothes. They kept looking sideways at us in our dyed hair and ripped jeans.
‘She’s not coming,’ fretted Vee. ‘I can feel it. She’s not coming.’
‘They’re still paying for the wine though, right?’ said Christian, pouring himself another glass. ‘Because this stuff is sixty dollars a bottle.’
A flurry of activity by the entrance. Phillip came back towards us arm in arm with a thirty-something woman. She was dressed in a fashion magazine’s idea of grunge: chunky shoes, long black dress, designer leather jacket.
‘This is Melissa,’ said Phillip. ‘From Sapphire. Melissa, the Stray Swans.’
She smiled widely. ‘I’ve been following you for a while now,’ she said. ‘I’m quite a fan.’
Phillip held out her chair while she sat down. We introduced ourselves, and ordered lunch.
‘Did you see Nirvana play at the Palace?’ she asked. We shook our heads. They had toured at the start of the year, just as their album was taking off, but Vee and I were too poor to afford tickets at the time. ‘Such an amazing gig,’ Melissa continued. ‘The sweat was dripping off the roof like rain. It was so intense. That’s why I like your band. You have that same intensity about you. I honestly believe that you could be as big as Nirvana.’
I looked at her sceptically.
‘Honestly,’ she repeated. ‘People are sick of manufactured pop bands. They want real music. Made by real people. And look at you…’ Her eyes settled on Vee. ‘You’re exactly what music fans are looking for.’
‘Is that an offer, Melissa?’ asked Phillip genially. ‘Or are you just blowing smoke up our backsides?’
The rep smiled, one hustler acknowledging another. ‘Very well. Five albums. Eighty grand in advance. Nine percent royalties. We can sign a deal memo right now.’
Phillip sighed. ‘I sign contracts, Melissa. Not deal memos. Show me the paperwork and we’ll think about it.’
She laughed. ‘You have a better offer than that, do you?’
‘Perhaps.’
‘Perhaps you should have lunch with them, then. There are a lot of other bands out there, Phillip. My bosses might change their minds.’
Vee spoke up. ‘You said we were exactly what music fans were looking for.’
‘Touché,’ said the rep. She wiped her mouth with a napkin and stood up. ‘I’ll fax something through tomorrow. I have to leave you, I’m afraid. Another meeting. Hope you understand.’
She nodded goodbye and left. Phillip poured himself another wine.
‘That,’ he said, ‘went rather well.’
*
‘Eighty grand!’ Christian said as he drove us all home. ‘Eighty grand! That’s twenty thousand each!’
‘No it’s not,’ said Tom.
‘Huh? Yes it is. Eighty divided by four is twenty. Even a drummer can do that maths.’
‘Tom’s right,’ I said. ‘First, Phillip takes fifteen percent. Second, that eighty grand comes out of our royalties. By the time we pay for studio hire, sound engineers, producers, printing, manufacturing, distribution, video clips, lawyers, and promotion, there may not be any royalties. So we end up in debt to the label.’
‘But we’ll get to make four more albums. We have to make some money by then.’
‘Maybe. But that also means we’re stuck with them if anything goes wrong. Or if someone makes us a better offer.’
Christian groaned. ‘Someone offers us eighty grand and all you two can do is mope about it. Vee? Tell me at least you’re excited.’
‘I’m excited,’ she said. ‘I don’t really understand all this contract stuff. But I’m excited.’
‘Let’s just meet Rusty and see,’ I said.
*
Vee went out that Friday night to see a band and didn’t come home. She was still missing by dinner-time. I called around our friends and asked if they knew where she was. No-one did. I sat up all night, waiting, expecting to hear the sound of claws scraping on the concrete of our driveway.
Vee came home Sunday morning. She smiled sheepishly at me.
‘We have a gig tonight,’ I told her. ‘Where have you been?’
‘Nowhere,’ she said. ‘Just out. You know. With a guy. You look really tired.’
‘I was worried.’
‘You’re not my mother, shortie.’ She kissed the top of my head. ‘We’re meeting this Rusty bloke tonight, yeah? I’m going to nap for a while. Wake me before Tom gets here.’
*
Tom drove up in his van around 6 pm, and we loaded the gear in. Vee was awake again and excited about the gig.
‘Pity it’s at the Rook and Castle,’ she said. ‘That place is disgusting.’
Christian’s Kingswood was parked out the front when we reached the venue. I lugged my amp in through the side door. Clouds of cigarette smoke rolled out to greet me. The first support band was already on stage, two terrified hippy girls playing acoustic guitars. The crowd was aggressively ignoring them, talking so loud they drowned out the singing.
I felt bad for the girls. I was the one who invited them to play with us. I tried to watch them, to give them some support, but Michael tapped me on the shoulder.
‘Rusty’s in the front bar,’ he said. We pushed our way through the smoke.
Vee, Christian and Tom were sitting by the bar in a loose semi-circle, listening to a stoop-shouldered man. He had a grey mullet haircut and the wiry, haggard look of someone who had taken too many drugs in their youth. He was leaning over Vee, patting her knee as he told a story.
‘And then the bloody dog bit me in the nuts,’ he finished. The others laughed.
‘Cat,’ said Michael, ‘this is Rusty from Dipstick Records. Rusty, Cat.’
Rusty barely glanced at me.
‘Hi,’ he said and turned back. ‘Anyway, Mossie felt so bad he tried to give me his ’67 Gibson Les Paul. But I couldn’t take it. A man’s nuts are a man’s nuts, but Jimmy Page once played that guitar.’
‘Hi,’ I said to the back of his head. ‘Nice to meet you.’
He ignored me. ‘I heard ya demo tape,’ he told Vee. ‘Massive set of lungs on ya, eh?’ He winked slyly at Christian, who grinned back like a schoolboy. Vee looked at me for help, clearly uncomfortable.
‘Excuse us,’ I said, taking her hand.
‘Secret women’s business, is it?’ asked Rusty. ‘Off to the toilets together, then?’
‘Yes,’ I replied sarcastically. ‘We have to go powder our noses and talk about our periods.’
I led Vee back to the band room, and we danced to the last song by the hippies. No-one clapped when they finished, except us. We climbed up on stage, helped them pack up, and started setting up our own gear. The others joined us.
‘What the hell was all that?’ asked Christian.
‘What was what?’
‘Storming off on Rusty.’
‘He’s an arsehole, Christian.’
‘He’s funny.’
‘He ignored me, and he was practically humping Vee’s leg.’
‘You need to lighten up, Cat.’
‘Let’s play,’ said Tom, ending the argument.
We played. Badly. Vee was stressed and I was furious at Christian and Tom. Christian messed up the riff to ‘Giantkiller’ twice, so I ripped out his bass cord and played the rest of the song myself.
We didn’t speak after the set was finished. I sat there, arms crossed, while Rusty and Christian and Tom discussed possible terms for a contract.
‘I don’t do advances,’ Rusty said. ‘Evil things. Ruining the business. No. Once I make back my expenses, we split the profits fifty-fifty. I can’t offer you millions of dollars, or fancy cars, or any of that crap. But I can offer you this: complete creative control. Your album will sound exactly the way you want it to sound. And if at any stage you don’t like it, you can bugger off and go elsewhere.’
Tom nodded. Rusty patted Vee’s thigh. Bile burnt in my throat.
‘I have to go,’ I said.
Rusty didn’t even turn his head.
*
Sapphire faxed their contract through to Phillip on Monday. Along with the eighty grand and the five albums and the nine percent royalties, they wanted to specify who produced our albums.
‘It’s a good offer,’ said Phillip.
‘I agree,’ said Christian. ‘Rusty’s cool. But he’s not as cool as eighty grand cash.’
‘I vote Dipstick,’ said Tom. ‘We’re an indie band. We need an indie label.’
Vee looked at me, worried.
‘Can we have some time to think about it?’ I said. ‘Vee? Want to come for a walk?’
We wandered together away from Phillip’s office along the main road.
‘I don’t like that producer clause,’ I said. ‘Michael said Sapphire would turn us into sausage meat, and that’s how they’ll do it.’
‘Can we negotiate?’ asked Vee.
‘I don’t know. Maybe. Maybe not. At least with Dipstick we know we could sound like ourselves. But…’
‘But there’s no money,’ Vee finished. ‘And Rusty’s a creep.’
I nodded. We walked on in silence, until I noticed a record store across the road from us.
‘Come on,’ I said, taking her hand. We dodged through the traffic and went inside. Vee smiled charmingly at the long-haired boy behind the counter.
‘Hello,’ she said. ‘Have you got any new releases from Sapphire Records? Could we listen to them, please?’
The boy almost dropped the records in his eagerness to help. Vee and I shared a set of headphones as we listened to song after song, band after band.
They all sounded exactly the same.
*
Vee and I cast our votes.
‘You won’t regret this,’ said Rusty the day after. ‘This is going to be great. This is going to be the best bloody album in the whole bloody world.’
Christian looked ill as he signed the contract.
27: NOW
Loud dance music. People cheering. Then:
‘Hello! Christian Sexypants speaking.’
‘Christian, it’s Cat.’
‘Cat! Cat! The musical midget! The short-arse with six-strings. What’s up?’
‘Tom said yes.’
‘He did? I thought he was gay. But congratulations! You’ll make a lovely couple.’
‘To the reunion, Christian. Are you drunk?’
‘It’s Saturday. I’m at a dance music festival. I’m not just drunk, I’m off my tits on E.’
‘We need you. Tom’s in. I’m in. Say yes.’
‘Shit, Cat. I’m flat out at work. They won’t let me go to the bathroom for the next six months, let alone fly down to Melbourne.’
‘Oh.’
‘I know. It’s hell. Wall to wall parties and record launches and gigs. Surrounded by nubile young women. Listening to music like this… Hang on a second.’
The dance beats are replaced by Samuel Barber’s ‘Adagio for Strings’. Hold music. A minute passes. Two. The beats come back.
‘Right. Sorted. Can you pick me up from the airport tonight, or should I catch a taxi?’
‘Airport? I thought you were booked out?’
‘I was. But I just called my boss and told him I quit. So meet me at the airport. I’m in.’
*
Christian said yes, I text to Tom. When/where can we rehearse?
He replies: Monday. 6 pm. Rook band room.
Thank you, I send.
My fingers only tremble slightly as I put my phone away.
*
Tullamarine Airport, late at night. The shops are closed. The terminals are cavernous. I wait in the gate lounge for Christian’s flight.
The flight is delayed. Bad storms up in Sydney. It’s almost midnight by the time the plane touches down. And then there’s the wait before passengers disembark, tired and complaining. Christian is one of the last ones off.
He looks so much older. His face is puffy. His hair is cut short. He wears a black suit with a white shirt, like he’s a member of the Bad Seeds. When he hugs me, his breath smells of bourbon.
‘Kitten! Long time no see. You look amazing.’
‘Liar. Shall we get your bags?’
‘Bags? Bags? I don’t need bags. I have this.’ He pulls a black rectangle of plastic out from his jacket pocket. ‘Company credit card!’
‘I thought you quit.’
‘I did. Well, I left a message on my boss’s voicemail. It’ll be at least a week before the label gets around to cancelling my account.’
‘Christian, that’s fraud.’
‘It’s payback for twenty years of sucking my soul. Anyway, they won’t even notice. Come on. I’m starving. Let’s get dumplings.’
*
Christian pays for a taxi to Little Bourke Street. He finds an all-night dumpling house. But he barely touches the food on his plate. Instead he drinks two Chinese beers, then drags me off to a whisky bar.
‘They have Ardbeg here. Ever tried Ardbeg? It tastes like they found the oldest men in Scotland and boiled down their tweed.’
He holds his glass up for me to sniff. It smells like tobacco smoke and lichen.
‘Just water for me,’ I say. Christian upgrades that to a Virgin Mary.
We find a dimly lit booth nestled beneath a Pre-Raphaelite painting of water nymphs. We settle down to talk.
‘So,’ says Christian. ‘Husband? Kids?’
‘Neither. Not even a boyfriend at the moment. You?’
‘Two divorces and a son. Here.’ He flicks through his phone and shows me a photo of a handsome Eurasian teen playing a black Gibson Explorer. ‘River. After River Phoenix. He lives in Paris with his mum these days. Turning fourteen next month. God. How did that happen?’
Christian smiles down at the phone, radiating sadness.
‘A musician,’ I say gently.
‘Yeah. Speaking of: where’s your album? I’ve been keeping an ear out, but I must have missed it.’
‘I don’t have an album.’
‘But you’ve got a demo, right? Let me have it. I know everyone, Kit-cat. I can get you a deal like that.’
‘No demo. No album. I haven’t touched a guitar since the accident.’
He laughs. Then he realises I’m serious. ‘Really?’
‘Really.’
‘But that’s like a shark that doesn’t swim. You lived for the guitar.’
‘And Vee died for it. It’s been safer not to play.’
‘It was a car crash, Catherine. Not a judgement from God.’
‘No. Not from God.’
He swirls his whisky. ‘You really believe all this ghost stuff? Phone calls from the dead?’
‘She’s still out there. We can bring her back.’
‘Cat, I mean this with the deepest respect, but are you on medication?’
‘Yes. Lots.’
‘Thought so.’
‘You don’t have to believe me, Christian. Not yet. You just need to play.’
His eyes glitter at me across the booth.
‘You used to scare me,’ he says. ‘Did you know that? You were always so focused. So intense. And so talented. It was scary, seeing you in action. Good scary, though. Scary in a way that made me try to be better.’
‘And now?’
Christian finishes his whisky. He grins.
*
Taxi. Home. Keys. Door. Laughing. Eyes bright. Jokes. Whispers.
‘Shit,’ laughs Christian. ‘No pyjamas. No toothbrush, either.’
‘You’re not borrowing mine.’
‘No? My mouth is sterile after all that whisky. Promise. Unlike the rest of me, know what I mean?’
‘Christian Cheng, are you flirting with me?’
‘I flirt with everyone. Old ladies. Football players. Trees.’
‘So I shouldn’t take it personally?’
‘I didn’t say that.’
He smiles. I smile back.
When we kiss, he’s unexpectedly bashful.
His lips are soft. They flutter against mine. I can smell the whisky on his breath. Masculine. Comforting. I stroke the side of his face. Run a finger down his neck.
And suddenly the desire hits us. The hunger. The need. Mouths bite. Hands grab. Clothes peel away. Skin presses against skin. A comical pause while he rolls on a condom. And then he’s inside me.
Sweat.
Viscosity.
Escape.
28: SEPTEMBER 1992
Rusty booked us in for a two week recording session in October. That gave us just over a month to prepare.
‘We have to be ready,’ said Tom. ‘Two weeks is nothing.’
We were outside in our backyard, taking a break from rehearsal. Tom twisted and stretched in the yard, limbering up his shoulders for more drumming. Christian and Vee sat on the back steps, surreptitiously passing a joint between them, trying not to let Tom see.
‘If we record a song a day for ten days,’ I said, ‘that still leaves us four days spare.’
Tom shook his head. ‘Studios are hard. You’ll see.’
Tom had recorded albums with other bands. So I assumed he knew what he was talking about. But I didn’t appreciate his gruff tone, as though I was a stupid child.
‘Well then,’ I said. ‘We better get to it.’
Vee hid the joint behind her back as Tom climbed the steps.
‘Idiots,’ he said as he passed her. ‘You think I can’t smell that?’
The rest of the rehearsal went badly. Christian was still sulking about the lost Sapphire money. Vee and I were worried about having to work with Rusty. And Tom decided now was the time for him to play boot camp sergeant.
‘Come on, people,’ he growled. ‘Get it together.’
*
‘Are you alright?’ Vee asked as I came back from the outside loo that night.
‘No,’ I said. ‘It hurts when I pee.’
‘Any discharge? Stains in your undies?’
‘Maybe. Why?’
Vee laughed sympathetically. ‘Let me get you the number for the clinic. Michael’s given you VD.’
*
Vee helped me book an appointment with the clinic, and came with me for moral support. She sat happily in the waiting room, drawing sharks and tigers attacking the models in the fashion magazines.
I sat next to her, feeling ill. In my head, I knew anyone could catch an STD. But in my guts I still felt dirty and ashamed. Only sluts get diseases, a voice whispered in the back of my head. Only promiscuous little whores.
I pinched the scars inside my forearm, trying to make the voice go away.
The nurse called me in. She was friendly, in a busy, distracted way. She ran through a checklist of questions: How many partners did I have? Was I on the pill? Did we use condoms? When did the symptoms start? Then she took some samples.
‘The results will be back in a week,’ she said. ‘Take this pamphlet. And for God’s sake, use a condom.’
Vee walked with me back out to the street. ‘You have to call Michael,’ she said.
I nodded glumly. ‘I guess.’
‘Cat. I’m serious. You have to tell him. Tonight.’
‘Yeah.’
She put her arm around my shoulders. ‘Michael’s very sweet,’ Vee said. ‘But he plays in a band. There’s not a boy in a band in existence who can keep his dick in his pants.’
*
The next band rehearsal wasn’t great either. We fluffed songs we’d played perfectly hundreds of times before, then snapped at each other about our mistakes. On top of all the other matters, I was distracted by the disease issue.
I still hadn’t called Michael. I told myself I was waiting until the results came back. But that was just an excuse. Michael caught that STD from someone, and it wasn’t me. Was he sleeping with other girls? It seemed unlikely. He was more geeky than sexy. But he was also a musician. And his geeky charm was one of the reasons I slept with him in the first place.
When the results come back, I told myself. I’ll call him when the results come back.
*
The phone rang while I was making dinner. I ran out into the hall, thinking it might be the clinic.
‘Where is she?’ demanded a man down the phone. ‘Where’s my Violet?’
‘Sorry?’ I said. ‘Who is this?’
‘Put Violet on. Now. I know she’s there.’
‘Who is this?’ I asked again. ‘Are you her father?’
‘Put her on. Or so help me God, I’ll be around there myself.’
I looked up. Vee was peering around the edge of her bedroom door. I offered her the phone, but she shook her head, terrified.
‘I’m sorry,’ I said into the receiver. ‘There’s no-one named Violet here.’
I hung up. Vee and I looked at each other, me puzzled, her afraid. The phone rang again and we both jumped. I let it ring through to the answering machine, and we heard the same voice growling ‘Violet? Come home. Stop this nonsense. Come home,’ until I reached over and hit the stop button.
‘You okay, stretch?’ I asked her.
She shrugged.
‘I think we should go out,’ I said. ‘See a band. In case he calls back.’
Vee nodded enthusiastically. Tumbleweed were playing at the Espy that night. We didn’t have tickets, but Vee flirted with the bouncers until they let us in, and we lost ourselves dancing to the guitars and drums and noise.
We missed the last tram home. Neither of us could afford a taxi. So we walked. The night air dried away the sweat from the mosh pit. The ringing in our ears faded into a background hum, until it felt like the stars were singing. I felt calm. At peace.
It was just the endorphins, I knew. The natural opiates produced in my brain. Serenity is just a chemical. Music is just vibrations in the air.
It didn’t matter. It doesn’t matter what things are made of. What matters is what they mean.
Vee winced suddenly. A sliver of broken glass was caught in the pad of her foot. I pulled it gently out, and pressed my handkerchief against it until the bleeding stopped. Then we limped the rest of the way home, her hand on my shoulder for support.
*
The test results came back. Trichomoniasis. I’d never even heard of it. The nurse gave me an information pack, a script for antibiotics and some free condoms.
No more excuses, Catherine. Time to make the phone call.
‘Michael? It’s Cat.’
‘Hey, gorgeous! What’s up?’
‘Not much. Listen…’
‘Wait! Before I forget. We’re playing on Sunday. Want to play with us?’
‘We can’t. Tom’s playing with the Liar, the Bitch and the Wardrobe that night.’
‘Not your band, you dag. You. Your guitar would sound great with this new song we’re working on.’
‘Oh. Sure. Thanks. But listen…’
‘Yeah?’
‘I had a test recently. For STDs. It came back positive.’
‘Oh shit. Are you okay?’
‘I’m fine. It’s just trichomoniasis. But… you need to get tested as well.’
‘Yeah. Of course. I’ll book in tomorrow.’
‘And Michael?’
‘Yeah?’
‘You need to tell your other girlfriends too.’
A long silence.
‘Right.’
*
The next rehearsal was better. The recording session was getting closer, but we were finally finding our groove. Tom even smiled after we finished a particularly tight version of ‘Scars’. I hadn’t exactly resolved things with Michael, but we at least we were talking. I was starting to feel optimistic about the recording session. As we were packing up, Christian coughed nervously.
‘Hey, listen,’ he said. ‘This is really embarrassing.’
‘What is?’
‘It’s my parents.’ He scratched his armpit, squirming. ‘They’ve… They’ve…’
‘Become nudists?’ teased Vee. ‘Grown extra heads? Joined the Liberal Party?’
He hung his head, mortified. ‘They’ve invited you all to dinner.’
*
Vee and I caught the train out to Hawthorn, and walked to Christian’s parents’ house in the dusk. Elm trees held each other’s branches over the wide roads, filtering the setting sun. The houses were like castles—huge Federation mansions with beautiful gardens and high brick walls.
‘What do Christian’s parents do again?’ I asked Vee. ‘Doctors?’
‘Surgeons,’ she answered.
We passed a blonde housewife in a designer tracksuit out walking two boisterous golden retrievers. All three of them looked so healthy, so full of money and vigour and happiness. And there was us, with the dye fading out of our hair and holes in our second-hand clothes.
‘Oh my God,’ said Vee when we reached the house.
A black wrought iron gate opened up onto a long gravel driveway that curved around a cast-concrete fountain and led up to the house. The house itself was three storeys tall, Victorian red brick, with a gothic turret surveying the gardens of lavender and roses. Two Chinese temple dogs stood guard either side of the oak front door.
We passed a BMW and a Mercedes-Benz as we crunched up the driveway. Christian’s red Kingswood was parked next to them, and even that wonderful old vintage car seemed shabby and ill-kept by comparison.
Vee and I paused on the doorstep to tug our clothes into a presentable shape. Both of us had tried to dress up in op-shop floral dresses. Vee was even wearing ballet flats.
I knocked on the door, half expecting a butler to answer. Instead, Christian opened the door. He was wearing charcoal grey suit pants and an open-necked white shirt.
‘Thank God you’re here,’ he said. ‘Save me. Please.’
Dark patches of sweat pooled under Christian’s armpits despite the evening chill. He lead us down a corridor with polished wood floors and Persian carpet runners. Flowers sprouted from dark red Chinese vases—heavy orchids and dazzling sunflowers.
His parents were in the living room, seated on an enormous leather couch, sipping wine from glasses the size of fish bowls. They were both dressed formally—his father in a dark suit and elegant tie, his mother in a black shift dress and chunky gold earrings.
‘Mum, Dad,’ said Christian, ‘this is Vee and Cat. Um, Violet South and Catherine St. James.’
His father stood up and shook our hands.
‘Pleased to meet you, Doctor Cheng,’ I said.
‘Mister,’ corrected Christian. ‘He’s a surgeon. You call them “Mister”.’
‘Oh. Sorry. Pleased to meet you, Mister Cheng.’
He nodded. ‘A pleasure. Christian has told us a lot about you.’
‘Isn’t there another one?’ asked Mrs Cheng. ‘The homosexual?’
Christian winced. ‘Don’t call him that, Mum.’
‘Well, he’s late.’
We sat down. Christian offered us drinks, then poured far too much wine into our glasses. We sat in an uncomfortable silence.
‘You have a beautiful house,’ said Vee.
‘Yes.’ Mrs Cheng nodded. ‘We worked very hard for it.’
She looked meaningfully at Christian, who avoided her gaze.
The doorbell rang. Tom had arrived. Christian fled the room to let him in.
*
Dinner was a Sichuan banquet, full of fiery chillies.
‘This is delicious,’ Vee said, helping herself to another bowlful of spiced tofu. ‘Did you cook it yourself, Missus Cheng?’
Mrs Cheng wrinkled her nose. ‘I spent nine hours in surgery today. As if I have time to cook.’
Mr Cheng coughed. ‘I spoke with your manager recently. He showed me the two different contracts. There is quite a difference between them. Quite a large difference.’
We stopped eating, shocked. Christian bowed his head.
‘There is,’ I said. ‘But we chose the one we thought was best for our career.’
‘Your career,’ Mr Cheng repeated politely to me, then turned back to Christian. ‘We understand, Christian. I play piano. Chopin. Schubert. It’s good fun. Keeps the brain active. And we know medical school didn’t suit you.’
‘You didn’t have to be a doctor,’ said Mrs Cheng. ‘Your sister is only an engineer, and we’re still very proud of her. But music? Music is a hobby. Not a profession.’
Christian stabbed miserably at his food with his chopsticks.
‘He’s an adult,’ said Tom bluntly. ‘He can make his own decisions.’
‘Decisions,’ said Mr Cheng. ‘Yes, decisions. Your mother and I talked it over. You signed the contract. You’ve chosen your career. So it’s time we cut off your allowance.’
Christian went white. ‘But…’
‘You made your decision,’ said Mrs Cheng. ‘We have made ours.’
*
Christian said nothing for the rest of the evening. But he drank and he drank. Eventually we called a taxi, pushed him into the back seat, and drove him back to our place to sleep it off.
‘Shit,’ he moaned the whole way home. ‘Shit, shit, shit.’
‘It can’t be that bad,’ Vee said.
‘It is! I’m broke! I spent all my savings on a new Marshall stack. If we’d taken the Sapphire contract, I could at least pay my rent. But now?’ Christian wrapped his arms around his head.
‘Welcome to our world,’ I said. ‘Go get a real job.’
‘I have a real job. I’m a bass player. You don’t think the call centre is your real job, do you?’
‘No. Of course not. But I’ve still got to pay my bills.’
He looked up as an idea struck him. ‘Hey! Hey! Can I move in with you?’
Vee laughed. ‘You just told us you can’t pay rent.’
‘Just ’til the album’s finished,’ Christian begged. ‘Please?’
I’d seen the inside of Christian’s car. I knew how much mess he made. But the recording session was coming up, and we needed him focused.
‘Okay,’ I said. ‘Just until the album’s done.’
MEMORABILIA #3
christian—
do your bloody dishes!
—v
29: OCTOBER 1992
Dipstick Studios was in a decrepit old warehouse down a back alley in Footscray. Rusty waved angrily at us from the roller door as Tom parked his van outside.
‘You’re late,’ Rusty said. ‘Get your crap inside. We don’t have all bloody year.’
‘Nice to see you too,’ I muttered.
We unpacked our instruments and carried them in. The walls were orange. The carpet was brown. The kitchenette stank of mould and rancid milk. NO SMOKING signs hung in the corridor, right above the cigarette butts ground into the carpet. It had all the charm of a pub toilet.
‘Did I tell you this place is haunted?’ asked Rusty. His fingers jittered as they rolled a cigarette.
‘By the smell?’ I asked back.
He ignored me. ‘God’s truth. This singer guy named Billy Love OD’d here back in Eighty-Six. Sometimes, if you’re recording late at night, you can hear his voice whispering on the tapes.’
Christian grinned. ‘You serious?’
Rusty tapped the side of his nose. ‘EVP, they call it. Electronic voice phenomenon. Scares the crap out of me.’
Vee shivered. Rusty winked at her. ‘Let me show you the main studio.’
The main studio was smaller than our lounge room. Moth-eaten blankets hung from the walls as soundproofing. Vee tapped one of the standing mics, and dust billowed off it like a thundercloud. She wiped her hand on Christian’s jacket.
I walked into the recording booth. The mixing desk was covered in cigarette ash. Porn mags were piled up on top of the effects rack.
‘Oh no,’ Rusty said. ‘Out. Out. Strictly no girls allowed in the control room.’
I sat down in the mixing desk chair anyway. The desk looked like Rusty had stolen it from a dumpster. Knobs were missing. Stray wires poked out from cracks in the side. The only thing holding it together was gaffer tape.
‘Sixteen tracks, right?’ I asked. ‘What’s in the effects rack?’
Rusty loomed over me, eyes fierce, breath smelling of roll-your-own tobacco. ‘Look. Your job is to play the music. My job is to make you sound good. Muso’s sit on that side of the soundproof glass. So. Get. Out.’
He loomed over me, eyes burning, flecks of spit on his lips. I gave him his seat back.
*
‘I listened to your demo tape,’ Rusty said. ‘It’s useless. You’re all over the place like a rabbit with diarrhoea. We’re gunna do this properly. Start with a click track. Then get Glasses there to lay down a guide track.’
‘Glasses?’ I said.
‘Yeah. You wrote the songs, right? I assume you know how to play them.’
‘I know the songs. I was objecting to the nickname.’
‘Fine. I’ll call you Four-Eyes, then. I record thirty bands a year in here, love. You can’t expect me to remember everyone’s bloody name. Can we move on? There’s a lot to do, and not much time to do it.’
I sat with my arms crossed and glared at him while he drew up a grid on his whiteboard, song titles across the top, instrument parts down the side.
‘This grid is your timetable for the next two weeks,’ Rusty said. ‘You will live and eat and breathe by this schedule. I’ve got another band booked in here on Monday fortnight, and if you don’t get your album finished by then, it’s tough titties to you. Right. Any questions?’
Why are you such an arsehole, I wanted to ask. But I didn’t. Because the whiteboard grid proved he was right about one thing: we had a lot of work to do.
*
I stood alone in the main recording room. Guitar around my neck. Subliminal feedback from the amp. Battered headphones awkward on my head. Too big. Too heavy.
Fingers flexed. Left hand fretted a chord, and there was a tiny scccrrape in my ears. The click track started. I counted with it, fingers poised. I had to get this right. I had to get this perfect. The album depended on it.
No windows in the room. Blankets on the walls. Stuffy air. No bandmates in here with me. No-one to work with, to play off, to connect with. Just me. Alone. With the click track and Rusty’s disapproval.
I played the first notes of ‘Scars’. Fumbled them. Tried again. Missed the beat entirely.
‘Stop!’ yelled Rusty through the headphones. ‘That was bloody awful. Do it again.’
He hit rewind. I tried to breathe, but the air was too thick.
*
Break time. We sat out in the alleyway behind the studio, desperate to escape the fug.
‘It’s not working,’ I told Tom.
‘We’re just not used to the studio yet.’
‘We can’t see each other. There’s no vibe. Vee, what do you think?’
She shrugged. ‘It’s like singing in the shower.’
‘A really disgusting shower,’ said Christian. It was only just after eleven, but he’d opened a beer.
‘We need a plan B,’ I said.
Tom shook his head. ‘We just need some time to get used to it.’
‘You’ve seen the schedule. We don’t have time.’
Tom stood up and cocked his head down the alley. ‘Come on.’
He started walking. I scrambled to my feet and caught up.
‘You’re nervous,’ he said.
‘With good reason.’
‘You’re nervous,’ he repeated. ‘But you have to calm down. If you stress, everyone else will stress, and the whole thing falls apart.’
I wanted to argue with him, but he made too much sense. I took a deep breath, held it, then let it out slowly. ‘Okay,’ I said. ‘I’m calm.’
We walked back. Rusty was teaching Vee how to roll cigarettes.
‘Lover’s tiff?’ he teased. ‘Shall we get back to it?’
*
The next try was better. The third was almost good. But I was right. Something was still missing. There was no electricity between us. We were being thrown by the pressure, the strange environment. We took another break, and I talked to Vee about it in the hideous kitchenette.
‘Maybe if you joined in on the guide track?’ I suggested. ‘So at least we’d have the ups and downs to follow.’
‘Maybe,’ she nodded. She thought for a moment, then her eyes lit up.
‘What?’ I asked.
‘Idea,’ she said. ‘Where’s the nearest supermarket?’
‘About two blocks away. Why?’
She grinned and slipped out the door.
*
‘And now your singer has run off,’ said Rusty. ‘Very professional. Doing a spot of shopping, is she? Buying a pretty new dress?’
Vee came back fifteen minutes later with a packet of tea lights. ‘Turn the lights off,’ she told Rusty while she lay the little candles out in a circle.
‘You’ll burn the bloody place down,’ Rusty grumbled, but switched off the lights.
A faint haze of daylight still leaked through into the studio. Vee pushed our amps and microphones around until we were set up in another circle around the candles. One by one she lit the tea lights. Our faces flickered and danced in the half light.
‘There’s cross-talk,’ sniffed Rusty. Vee ignored him.
‘Ready?’ she asked.
We started with ‘Scars’. And in the trembling candlelight, the song came alive. The music expanded to fill the darkness, quiet at first, then building into distortion and rhythm and joy. We nodded to each other when the song ended.
‘About bloody time,’ said Rusty. ‘Right. Next one.’
*
We settled into the frantic routine of recording.
Rusty worked on the business side of his record label in the morning. We started recording around one that afternoon, and kept at it until three or four at night. Then Rusty went to sleep in his office while I drove Vee and Christian home.
Christian was sleeping on our couch. He had a suitcase in one corner of the lounge, but his dirty underpants and empty beer bottles spilled outwards to invade the lounge room floor. He slept in his clothes. And he always overslept. We had to kick him off the couch every morning or we would be late for the studio.
‘You need to change,’ I told him in the car ride over. ‘You stink.’
He sniffed his armpit. ‘It’s rock and roll, man. I’m just working up a vibe.’
And the studio, the process of the work. The smell of candles and mould. Building the songs up track by track, note by note. Slow work. Tedious work. But rewarding. I could hear the songs blooming, the flesh growing up over their bones.
‘This is like the world’s longest soundcheck,’ grumbled Christian.
But he nailed his parts. The bass lines were scuzzy and alive. Tom’s drums rolled like thunder. I wove guitar parts over them: echoing and delicate here, howling distortion there. And above it all was Vee’s singing, like honey in the dirt.
We sounded astonishing.
We sounded like us.
30: NOW
A buzzing wakes me.
The shadow, I think. Adrenaline jerks me awake. There’s a body next to me in the bed. Naked. Unmoving. A corpse.
It’s here.
The shadow is here and it’s killed again.
Then Christian snores. The adrenaline subsides. The buzzing comes again, and I recognise it as the doorbell. Who would ring my doorbell on a Sunday morning?
Oh, shit. Shanti.
I’m naked. My clothes are scattered across the lounge room floor. And there’s a naked man in my bed, too. I’m not sure how I feel about that yet. There was a lot of alcohol drunk last night. Mostly by Christian, but still…
Shanti. Deal with Shanti first. You can process your emotions later.
I pull on a dressing gown and pad over to the speaker-phone.
‘Hello?’
‘Miss J! It’s Shanti and Fiona. We’re on time.’
I glance at my kitchen clock. Twelve past ten. Close enough.
‘Listen, Shanti, I overslept and I’m not quite ready yet. Could you do me a favour?’
‘Sure.’
‘There’s a café around the corner. Could you get me two flat whites, takeaway? Better make them a large. I’ll pay you back.’
‘Yeah. No problem. Can we leave our stuff here? It’s pretty heavy.’
‘Um. Okay. It’s on the first floor on the right.’
I buzz them in and hurriedly bundle up the strewn clothes from last night. A knock at the door. I let Shanti and Fiona in.
‘Cute flat, Miss J. Cosy.’
‘Thanks.’
They pile their gear in the lounge room: guitar, amp, laptop, a backpack full of pedals and cables and mics. I give them a twenty dollar note for the coffee. Shanti peers towards the open door of the bedroom, but I usher them out.
‘Ten minutes,’ I tell them.
They file out, smirking. I pour a glass of water, find some headache tablets, and wake Christian.
‘You need to get dressed. There are schoolgirls coming over.’
He lifts a bleary head off the pillow. His eyes are red. ‘Schoolgirls?’
‘From my school. Come on. Get up.’
I hold out the glass and the tablets to him. Christian drinks the water with one long gulp, but he waves away the tablets. ‘I’m fine.’
He sits up and stretches. The sunlight is not kind. The lean chest of his youth has been replaced by a round belly and sagging pectorals. Not that my body is any more beautiful. Time withers us and gravity pulls us shapeless.
I place his rumpled shirt and suit on the bed, and close the door as I leave the bedroom. Last night still has a hazy, dreamlike quality to it. I’m not ready to see him completely naked again.
Shanti’s guitar bag leans against my couch. I catch myself staring at it.
Twenty-five years. Two decades since I last played a guitar. Do I even remember how?
Slowly, guilty, I unzip the guitar. I peel the instrument out of its bag as if it was some exotic fruit. The Epiphone is heavy in my hands. Heavier than I remember. The strap slides over my head. It hangs low, the wooden body of the Les Paul nestling my thighs. Lower than I like. Trust Shanti to care more about posing than playing.
The strings shimmer. My hand hovers over them. Eager. Hesitating.
There will be a price to pay for all this. The shadow will not have forgotten me. I’ve spent twenty-five years hiding from it, carving my life down to a flat grey nothing in the hope that it won’t notice me again.
I’m sick of it. I want to live again.
I fret an E minor chord. I strum. The strings bite into my fingers, and the guitar is out of tune. But the jangling ragged chord is mine. I made that. I made music for the first time in twenty-five years.
I play a G chord. A minor. E minor again. My fingers are too weak to fret the B minor barré chord properly. I improvise, filling in with some runs and hammer-ons. Hendrix’s ‘Little Wing’ flows out from under my hands.
Christian watches me from the bedroom doorway, dressed in his crumpled suit. I stop, embarrassed. My left hand is cramping up.
‘Nice,’ he says.
‘I’m rusty.’
‘Nah, it’s like riding a bike. You never forget.’
‘Your muscles do, though.’ I stretch out my fingers. The tendons scream.
Christian walks over. He takes my hand. He starts massaging my forearm. His fingers are gentle and clever. Like last night. I feel myself blushing. My emotions are a mess. Vee. The reunion. Last night. Music. There’s too much to sort through. Too much to feel.
‘Listen,’ I say. My voice is hoarse. ‘We should talk.’
He nods, still massaging.
The buzzer interrupts us. Shanti. Christian lets my hand go with a smile. He can be suave when he wants to be. I put Shanti’s guitar back on the couch and let her in.
‘Coffee!’ she yells, bounding in. She waves the tray of drinks in her hand. Both her and Fiona are drinking enormous iced coffees, and the sugar has clearly kicked in. ‘Hey—who’s been playing with my guitar?’
‘That was me,’ I say, taking my coffee off her. ‘Sorry. Couldn’t resist.’
‘No problems.’ She looks Christian up and down, smirking. ‘Hi, I’m Shanti.’
‘Christian,’ he says, unscrewing his flat white from the tray. ‘I’ll leave you girls to it. I need to go buy that toothbrush.’
‘Are you sure?’ I ask.
‘Yeah. Call me when you’re done.’
He heads for the door. Do I hug him goodbye? Kiss him? Before I can decide, he gives me a wink and is gone.
Shanti and Fiona exchange glances. They don’t say anything. They don’t have to.
‘Come on,’ I say. ‘Let’s do this.’
*
Knots of cables emerge from the backpack. The two girls argue. ‘Plug it in there.’ ‘No, it goes into here.’ ‘Well where does this one go then?’ A jury-rigged mess of leads and connectors and effects units sprawl across my coffee table. Shanti has a computer game headset instead of a mic. I don’t know the equipment—everything is digital these days—but the principles are the same. I ask Fiona to take me through the basics of GarageBand.
‘Okay,’ I say eventually. ‘How about we run through the song once, just to check the levels?’
The laptop counts them in. Fiona starts a synth bass loop. Shanti hits a power chord, slightly off beat. She starts screaming into her headset mic. The VU meters hit red. The neighbours will love this.
The song doesn’t so much end as fall apart. I take a deep breath.
‘Right,’ I say. My studio skills are rusty. It takes me a while to organise the to-do list in my head. ‘Let’s start by tuning that guitar properly.’
*
We make progress. I teach Shanti how to tune properly. I show Fiona how to dial down the input levels so they don’t clip. I make Shanti count so she plays more or less in time. A few hours slip by. I’d forgotten how easy it is to sink into the world of recording and lose track of the world outside.
I call a break at 1:30 pm. ‘Sorry, girls. But I’ve got some chores I need to run.’
‘Just a bit more,’ says Shanti. ‘What about that drum track?’
I shake my head. ‘Next time.’
‘Wait—next time? Like, we can come back?’
‘Of course. Next Sunday. I promise to be wearing clothes.’
We listen to the track one more time before they go.
‘It’s good, isn’t it?’ Shanti says. Nervous. Eager for approval.
‘It’s weird,’ I tell them. ‘But yeah. It’s good.’
I call Christian after they leave. His voicemail answers. I tell him I need to head out for a couple of hours, and to text me when he’s ready to come back. We never actually discussed if he would be staying at my place, but after last night it seems rude to kick him out.
The guitar isn’t the only thing I haven’t done since the accident. Driving would be faster than public transport, but I can’t sit behind the wheel of a car without having a panic attack.
The train out to Blackburn takes forever. The suburb has changed completely since I used to live there. Apartment blocks loom where there used to be houses and shops. I navigate by instinct. Fragments of the old suburb guide me. A post box. A doorway. A brick wall. Remnants of an ancient past. Fossils. Ghosts.
They lead me to the shop I’m looking for.
The Music Exchange. The posters in the window for Marshall amps and Ibanez guitars are faded yellow. The same bell rings as I enter. The same forest of guitars hang from the rafters. I feel like Lucy in the wardrobe, pushing through the fur coats to Narnia. Time stands still here. This is holy ground. Even the two old rockers sitting behind the counter look the same, like wizened mummies with Elvis quiffs.
I never learnt their names, I realise. The shorter one sees me and elbows the taller one.
‘We were talking about you,’ says the tall one. ‘Just last week. You’re the lass from the Stray Swans, right?’
I nod.
‘Terrible business,’ says the other one. ‘With your singer. Terrible.’
‘Yeah. Our condolences.’
‘Thank you,’ I say. I hesitate by the counter. ‘I’m after a guitar.’
The two rockers look at each other. One of them laughs.
‘Jesus,’ he says. ‘That’s uncanny.’
‘Uncanny?’
‘Like we said, we were talking about you. And now here you are. Come have a gander.’ He steps out from behind the counter and leads me through the labyrinth of guitars. ‘Someone brought it in last week. Reminded us. Here.’
He stops at a guitar on the wall. Beetle green. Shaped like a fever. The word JIBSON written across the headstock.
My skin crawls. My head spins.
‘It can’t be,’ I say.
‘We checked the serial number.’ The rocker laughs nervously. ‘Same one. Exactly the same one.’
The guitar I bought from here over twenty-five years ago. The guitar I used to record our first album. It’s here. On the wall. Waiting for me. I place my hand on it, and the wood feels alive under my touch, like it’s breathing.
It’s impossible.
It’s a sign.
I reach for my credit card. ‘I’ll need an amp, too. And some pedals.’
31: OCTOBER 1992
Sunday was our day off. Even Rusty needed a day to sleep in. We’d had a frustrating night trying to get the right guitar sound on ‘Glass Slipper’, and I was glad to have a break.
Except I was woken early by the sound of Christian’s Holden. The massive engine growled and coughed as he drove away, pulling me from my sleep. Bleary and resentful, I checked my watch. 7 am. Christian had never woken up at this hour in his life.
Michael lay warm and naked beside me. I curled against him and went back to sleep.
*
A few hours later. Vee, Michael and I were awake, yawning, slowly getting dressed.
‘Let’s get breakfast on Brunswick Street,’ Vee suggested. ‘Scrambled eggs! Giant coffees!’
‘Let me finish my tea,’ I said. ‘I’m not going anywhere without caffeine.’
A car rumbled up our driveway. Christian’s Holden. He came in the front door, dressed in the same white shirt and grey pants he’d worn to dinner with his parents.
‘Where have you been?’ I asked.
‘Church,’ he said.
I blinked. ‘Church? You?’
He scowled. ‘I need to get changed.’ He grabbed yesterday’s dirty jeans and disappeared into the bathroom.
*
We tried calling Tom, but his housemate said he was out skateboarding. So just the four of us drove over to Brunswick Street in the Kingswood. The layer of rubbish on the floor was ankle deep.
We ate like emperors. The eggs were yellow and fluffy. The toast slices were as thick as pillows. The coffee was rich and bitter and dark. Vee chatted happily with the wait staff while Christian and Michael got into a long argument about whether R2-D2 was cooler than Chewbacca. I read the Sunday papers, sipped my coffee, relaxed.
My bladder complained.
‘Excuse me,’ I said, kissing Michael on the cheek. ‘Need to pee.’
The toilet cubicle was covered in arty graffiti. When I flushed and came out, one of the waitresses was leaning against the washbasin, arms crossed. She was a skinny goth girl, huge spikes jutting out from her studded collar in contrast to her nervous eyes.
‘Are you screwing Michael?’ Her voice was hurt and accusative
I blinked. ‘We’re friends,’ I answered.
‘Well, he’s screwing me too,’ she said, and ran out crying.
I washed my hands slowly. Michael looked up at me as I came out.
‘You took ages,’ he smiled, innocent as a puppy. ‘You don’t have VD again, do you?’
*
Monday. Back in the studio. We had seven songs mostly finished, five more to go. Then we had to mix it. And we only had six more days. My fingers were sweating. My timing was off. Rusty frowned at me and asked if I had PMT.
‘Give me five,’ I said.
I went out into the alley. Vee followed and offered me a cigarette.
‘It’s Michael, isn’t it?’ she said.
I took the cigarette. I didn’t really smoke, but sometimes I just needed one. ‘It’s that waitress. The look in her eyes…’
‘He’s cheating on you,’ Vee said. ‘You have to dump him.’
‘I know.’ I sucked a lungful of carcinogen, and watched the smoke curl out of my mouth. ‘But it’s complicated. I’m not even sure if we’re really boyfriend and girlfriend.’
‘Dump. Him.’ Vee poked me in the arm to emphasise each word. ‘You can do so much better.’
I sighed and stubbed out the cigarette. ‘Can I?’
I tried to sound flippant, but the question caught in my throat like a rusty fishhook. Vee heard my voice break, and punched my arm again sympathetically.
‘Don’t be stupid, shortie,’ she said. ‘Of course you can.’
I didn’t reply. I hadn’t meant to reveal my doubts to Vee. Because it was true. Too true. I covered it up with ambition and hard work, but deep down I really thought I didn’t deserve to be loved. I thought I was stupid, ugly, useless. I thought everything the shadow whispered at me in the dark was true. It hadn’t come back since I’d moved in with Vee, but I knew it was still out there, waiting, drawn to my weakness.
We went back inside. I cranked up my distortion pedal and laid down hellfire and noise on ‘Remember’.
*
The week raced by. The deadline loomed. ‘I’ve got another booking next week,’ Rusty reminded us.
We worked late, until five or six in the morning. Day and night blurred. My skin crawled from all the caffeine.
The studio was a piece of shit and Rusty was a sexist prick. But he was good. The album was taking shape. It was loud and it was dirty, but you could hear every single part.
‘Listen,’ he said, and played us a mix of ‘Remember’.
Bluesy bass rumble, like a panther stalking prey. Rolling drums enter. Vee’s voice, whispering the verse like a lost child, rising up to howl the chorus. And then the guitar kicks in like a hurricane. Ripping the sky down. Scourging your flesh. Purifying you and leaving you cleansed.
We sat in silence when it finished, every eye shining. It was a hit single. I felt it in my blood. We had a hit single on our hands.
‘Stop slacking,’ growled Rusty. ‘We’ve got four more of these to do.’
*
We worked all through Saturday night, and Rusty kept the studio open Sunday too.
We didn’t make the deadline.
There were still tracks to be mixed. Christian needed to redub the bass lines on ‘Thorns’. Rusty booked some more studio time for us, slotting us in around his other bands.
A horrible fortnight followed. I sat at my desk at the call centre and felt sick. The album was so close, and I was stuck there answering calls. Outside, in the real world, a revolution was taking place. The plastic, formulaic pop of the 80s was being scorched away by the cleansing fire of Nirvana, and the Pixies, and PJ Harvey. Grunge was exploding. The radio waves were full of anger and passion and really loud guitars. Now was the perfect time to release our album. Now was the perfect time for us to join this revolution. But instead I sat at my desk and answered questions about payment plans. This job isn’t important, my mind whispered over and over. This is just a distraction. I wanted to burn the building down.
We stole studio time like thieves. Early morning. Late at night. Michael offered to help mix the album while Rusty slept. We squashed together in the tiny control room.
‘The bass needs to drop back,’ Michael said, sliding a fader.
‘Leave it,’ I snapped.
‘It’s too loud. The needle’s hitting red.’
‘It’s meant to be loud. It gives the song balls.’
‘Cat, I know what I’m doing.’
He pulled the fader down. I pushed it back up.
‘Cat…’
‘I can do this myself,’ I said. ‘Why don’t you piss off?’
‘You’re tired, Cat. Maybe you need a break.’
‘Maybe you need to go root one of your other girlfriends.’
He sat back, hurt. I rewound the tape. Played it back. Applied just enough compressor to keep the bass from clipping. Michael silently watched me, and I ignored him furiously. Minutes passed.
‘I’ll call you,’ he finally said, and sulked out the door.
The music scene is a small world. Everyone knows everyone, friends stand side by side with enemies at gigs. But that was the last time I saw Michael. He walked out of the studio and vanished.
I was too busy with the mixing desk to see him go.
MEMORABILIA #4
dear cat—
i know this must be painful for you. break-ups always hurt. it feels like your life is in ruins and no-one will ever love you again.
well, i love you. and the band loves you. and michael is a dickhead. good fucking riddance, i say.

—love, v

ps. how bloody good is our record, yeah?
32: NOVEMBER 1992
The meeting room, Artists Services. Journalists sat on one side of Phillip’s table. The band sat on the other. Between us were platters of sushi and bottles of red wine.
‘Welcome,’ said Phillip, smiling like a priest. ‘Welcome to the preview listening party for the debut album by the Stray Swans.’
He opened the blank CD case in his hand. He slid an unmarked CD into the meeting room’s four-thousand dollar stereo. He pressed play. The journalists poured themselves more wine and pretended to listen.
I couldn’t concentrate. Michael hadn’t called me back. Tom told me Solar Power for Newcastle had gone on tour to Perth. So it was over. Whatever it was between Michael and me. Over. Done. The thought made me both nauseous and relieved.
Concentrate, I told myself. Listen to what you created.
Vee was right: the record was good. It was very bloody good.
It felt arrogant to even think it, but I could hear that the songs just sounded right. They fitted together like the tiles of a mosaic.
‘How would you describe your sound?’ asked one journalist, mouth full of rice paper.
‘Grunge rock,’ I said, ‘with a psychedelic twist.’
I’d been working on that sound-bite all week. The journalist nodded and wrote it down. Phillip’s smile widened.
*
‘Strategy,’ said Phillip. ‘We need to talk promotional strategy.’
The journalists were gone. We picked over the remnants of the spring rolls, drank the dregs of the wine.
Tom sipped mineral water straight from the bottle. ‘The single?’ he asked.
‘Yes. We need to choose a single.’
Christian stretched. ‘Easy. “Remember”. It’s the best song on the album.’
‘I agree,’ said Phillip. ‘Which is why it should be our second single. Perhaps even our third.’
‘Huh?’
Phillip swirled the wine around in his glass, savouring the bouquet. ‘You are a brand new band, in a market crowded with brand new bands. No matter how good it is, your first single will not be a hit.’
Vee frowned. Phillip held up a hand to placate her.
‘No offence. I’m just being realistic,’ he said. ‘The album is excellent, but your first single will not be a hit. What it will do is gather attention. It will make people aware that you exist. And once we have their attention…’
‘We follow up with something even better,’ I said.
Christian grinned. ‘You really are a sly bastard.’
Phillip bowed. ‘Just earning my fifteen percent.’
*
We chose ‘Scars’ as the first single. It rocked hard, and the sitar-like guitar riff was original enough to stand out. Phillip wrangled a single launch gig at the Tote.
‘Invite all your friends,’ he said. ‘Everyone. And put their names on the door. I’ll bring the industry, but we need that place stacked to the rafters with sweating, cheering fans.’
‘We can use the mailing list,’ suggested Vee. ‘Send everyone free passes.’
‘Good. Tom and Catherine, I’ll need you to organise the support act. Someone popular, but no-one who might outshine you.’
Tom thought it over. ‘Teenage Pheromones?’
‘Yeah,’ I said. ‘They’d be good.’
‘Excellent.’ Phillip stood and raised his glass. ‘To the Stray Swans, ladies and gentlemen. This is where the work really begins.’
*
‘This way,’ said Vee.
The St Kilda sunshine was blinding. Christian and I were still hungover from the listening party the night before. Vee ignored our moans and led us onwards. Tom, sober and alert, herded us from behind. We all followed her down a side street in St Kilda, until she stopped outside a tattoo parlour.
‘Stretch?’ I asked her. ‘What are we doing here?’
She grinned. ‘Celebrating. Come on.’
She pushed through the door. Love hearts and Chinese dragons covered the walls. Vee placed her sketchbook on the counter and opened at a drawing of a pair of swans. One was black, the other white, facing each other. The curves of their necks looked like the letter S.
‘Hi,’ Vee said to the receptionist. ‘I made us all a booking?’
Christian looked at me. I looked at Tom. We all shrugged.
The tattooist did us one at a time, etching the drawing inside our left wrists. Christian wanted his somewhere tougher, like on his bicep, but Vee insisted. I only understood why when it was my turn to sit in the chair. The tattoo gun bit sharp and fast into my skin. But when it was finished, Vee’s beautiful drawing covered over my scars.
*
The single launch went well. Our friends turned up, and so did some of the press. We waited eagerly for that week’s street papers to come out, and we devoured them when they did.
They weren’t all complimentary.
‘Did you see this review?’ I fumed.
‘Yes,’ said Phillip. He held up the street paper and read. ‘“PMS yowlings over bad Nirvana guitars. These girls need to stop whining and learn how to rock.”’
‘Jesus,’ laughed Christian. ‘I’m the biggest neanderthal I know, and even I think that’s sexist.’
‘I agree,’ said Phillip. ‘Congratulations. You have your first bad review.’
‘This isn’t a bad review,’ I said. ‘It’s misogyny.’
‘No-one said this would all be pleasant, Catherine.’
‘We don’t have to take this crap.’
‘No. You don’t. You can go home, hang up your guitars, and never have anyone say a bad word about you again. Or you can grow some ovaries and get on with your job. Which would you prefer?’
I looked him in the eye. ‘I can take it.’
‘Good. Excellent. Of course you can. Your anger is a gift, Catherine. It’s like a chainsaw—you can use it to slice through walls. But you have to control it. Don’t let it slip from your hands.’
‘Got it, Yoda.’
‘Excellent. Now. Let me show you the good reviews. Beat gave you four stars.’
33: NOW
I lose myself in the guitar.
First, the presence of it. The heavy weight in my lap. The smell of oil on the fretboard. The way the light reflects off the strings. I trail my fingers over it like it was the body of a lover.
I try a basic scale. Then a simple chord. More chords. Runs. Melodies. A whole song.
My fingers are clumsy. I have no callouses. I have no strength. But I remember. And that memory is a key, and the key opens the door, and through the door is music, sweet music. Engulfing. Energising. Intimate and enormous. I stumble my way through ‘Foxy Lady’ and tears run down my face onto the strings. I’ve missed this. I’ve missed this so much.
My muscles cramp. My fingers bleed. I keep playing.
The guitar is so familiar under my hands. I remember its flaws: the poor intonation on the high notes, the loose tuning heads that slowly go out of tune. But I remember its virtues as well: the growling tone on a power chord, the smooth action on the mid-fretboard. This guitar is an old friend. A sign. A talisman.
I play on, lost in a trance.
The world goes hazy. I smell electricity in the air, like a storm or a migraine approaching. The music wraps around me and I lose all sense of time and place and body. All there is: the pain in my fingers, the clouds of music.
And in the trance, in the pain and the music, I understand what I need to do to bring Vee back. The reunion has to be more than just a reunion. It has to be a ritual. A ceremony. Memory and noise rising together into a crescendo loud enough to shatter the walls between the living and the dead.
This guitar is part of that. But I’ll need more. Relics. Mementos. And something else…
The door buzzer breaks my trance.
The light has moved. I’ve lost hours. The intercom buzzes again. Christian. He must be back. Still dazed, I put down the guitar and let him in.
‘New clothes,’ he says, dumping shopping bags on the couch. ‘Hey, I recognise that guitar. Didn’t you sell it?’
‘I did,’ I say. ‘It came back to me.’
Christian looks at the guitar. He looks at me. An expression flickers across his face. Doubt? Fear? It’s gone before I can place it.
‘Weird,’ Christian says. Then he disappears into the bathroom to change.
34: NOVEMBER 1992
‘Scars’ started out slowly. In the first week, we got two plays on PBS. A handful of copies sold through the local independent record stores. That was all.
Phillip told us to get out there and promote it. We gigged every night of the week. We toured down to Frankston, up to Preston.
Second week: Triple R picked us up for airplay. Third week: our single edged into the bottom of the Alternative Charts. Fourth week: we climbed up into the top 30. Fifth week: top 20.
‘Top ten,’ chanted Vee. ‘Top ten.’
The single peaked at number 11, and slowly started to fall.
‘We’re ready,’ said Phillip. ‘Time for step two.’
*
We launched ‘Remember’ at the Punters Club. A queue stretched down Brunswick Street.
‘They’re not all here for us,’ said Vee. ‘Are they all here for us?’
‘Yes, you moron,’ grinned Christian. ‘We’re famous now.’
We were nervous. This was suddenly real. Everything we’d dreamed about, it was happening. And we were terrified we would screw it up.
I paced back and forth backstage, double-checking our gear, wiping the sweat out from my armpits with a dirty handkerchief. There was a journalist from Rolling Stone in the audience. Triple R were recording the gig. Christian was smoking pot to calm his nerves. I took a toke, but it just made me fret.
‘Time, guys,’ said the stage manager.
We picked up our instruments. We walked out on stage.
*
‘Remember’ debuted at number 13 on the Alternative Charts. The next week it jumped up to number 8. Phillip shouted us champagne.
We stood on the balcony of his penthouse apartment, looking down over the city. He had our record on repeat on his Stonehenge-sized stereo. His leggy blonde wife offered us canapés. Melbourne stretched out beneath us, glass skyscrapers pressed up against bluestone gothic cathedrals. My city. My home.
Vee and Christian rolled around in a tickle fight on Phillip’s designer leather couches, spilling Dom Perignon on the carpet. I leant over the balcony, ecstatic at the sight of Melbourne spread out around us. Skyscrapers shot up into the sky. The city lights burned like holy comets.
Ours, I thought. Ours. All this will be ours.
I flung my glass over the railing, watching it soar through the evening sky. Christian cheered when it smashed on the footpath thirteen storeys below.
*
We gigged hard to push the single. We did radio shows and newspaper interviews. We shot a video at Disptick after hours, and begged Rage to play it. The single edged up to number 4 on the Alternative Charts.
We held a band picnic in the Fitzroy Gardens to celebrate our hard work. Tom brought a football. I sat under a Morton Bay fig tree strumming my acoustic guitar while the others played kick to kick. An adventurous possum raided the nearby garbage bin.
‘Put some shoes on,’ Christian yelled at Vee as she lined up a kick. ‘You’ll break your bloody toes.’
Vee frowned in concentration. She was wearing a black-and-white Collingwood Football Club jumper over her floral dress. She lined up the shot and dropped a perfect torpedo kick that sailed straight at Christian’s head. He caught it with a look of surprise.
Vee laughed. ‘Older brothers.’
Christian punted the ball to Tom. Vee crash-tackled into him, and the two of them wrestled on the damp grass, laughing.
‘Come have a kick,’ Christian called out to me.
‘I’m good,’ I said.
‘Stop being such a wallflower,’ Christian said.
‘One of the many, many pleasures of finishing high school,’ I said, ‘is that I never have to play sport again.’
‘Come play!’ sang Vee. Tom used her momentary distraction to break free from her tackle. Vee swore, poked her tongue out at him, and then rolled over on the grass to face me. ‘Come on, shortie.’
I blushed. I really didn’t like sport. I had too many bad memories of being jeered and battered by tanned Amazons on the high-school soccer pitch.
‘I’d rather not.’
Vee jumped up to her feet and skipped over to me. Her hands and knees were covered in mud. ‘Come on. Girls versus boys. Let’s kick their arses.’
‘Do I have to, stretch?’
‘Yes!’
I slid my guitar bag into its gig bag, drank the last of my beer, and wandered out onto the grass patch. Tom drop-kicked the ball gently to me. I lurched sideways and only just caught it.
‘See?’ grinned Vee.
And then she crash-tackled me into the grass.
*
‘The single is doing well,’ said Phillip. ‘But we can push it higher. We just need to get more sales outside the big cities.’
I frowned. ‘You mean…’
‘A regional tour.’
Vee jumped in her chair. ‘Road trip! Road trip! I call shotgun!’
MEMORABILIA #5
The Stray Swans
‘Scars’
Dipstick Records
Mixing psychedelic guitar riffs with a rocking grunge chorus seems like an odd combination. But Melbourne band the Stray Swans pull it off nicely with their debut single. There’s nothing particularly innovative about their loud-quiet-loud formula. But lead singer Vee (just Vee, no surname) has a fantastic voice, even if it’s occasionally drowned out by the excessive guitar heroics.
3 stars

The Stray Swans
‘Scars’
Dipstick Records
This song has the best guitar riff of all time. It’s all like pwow-wow-jangajangjang. Go buy this single. Then go buy a guitar and blotter sheet of acid. It will make you think you’re Jimi Hendrix.
4 stars and a paisley headband

The Stray Swans
‘Remember’
Dipstick Records
So last week I was driving home to my parents’ place up in Walhalla. And my car broke down. And it was at night. And then a storm rolled in. And there was all this lightning and hail. And then a thousand angry koalas attacked me. That’s what this song sounds like. Like being bitten to death by a thousand rabid marsupials.
5 stars

The Stray Swans
‘Remember’
Dipstick Records
Oh look. A bunch of girls want to be the Jesus and Mary Chain. Next.
2 stars

The Stray Swans
The Stray Swans
Dipstick Records
The debut album from new Triple J darlings the Stray Swans. This is straight-up grunge, but served with a Melbourne twist. It’s like drinking a pot of Carlton Cold with a shot of espresso in it while riding on a tram. Does that even make sense? Who cares. This album rocks. Vee is hot. This is going to be huge. Maybe I shouldn’t write reviews when I’m stoned.
4 1/2 stars
35: NOW
Monday morning. My alarm wakes me. It plays harmonies with Christian’s snoring from the other room.
I shower. Dress. Eat breakfast. Take my pills. My fingertips are red and swollen. My forearm seizes up with pain. I overdid it yesterday. Playing guitar is physical labour, and my body isn’t used to it anymore. I wrap a packet of frozen peas in a tea towel and hold it to my forearm. My neck is sore and my head is still dizzy.
Christian sleeps through it all.
We have our first rehearsal tonight. I nudge him awake.
‘Huh. What?’
‘I’m off to work. Here’s the keys to the flat.’
I place them on the coffee table. Christian nods, half-awake.
Even half-awake I can tell something has changed with him. He’s stopped flirting with me. It might be because we slept together. But he winked at me the morning after. I get the feeling the Jibson guitar has spooked him. A ghost from our past. A sign that all my mad ravings might be real.
‘Rehearsal tonight,’ I repeat. ‘Don’t forget.’
He mumbles agreement. Pulls the sheet over his head.
I slip the Jibson’s guitar bag over my shoulder. I pick up the small amp. They’re both so heavy. I used to carry my gear on public transport all the time when I was a teen. Old now. Unfit. A yoga class every few weeks isn’t enough to hold back time.
Okay. Work. Let’s go. I’ve got eight hours of teaching maths to restless schoolgirls. And then the Stray Swans will be reborn.
*
Mum calls me at lunchtime.
‘Did you take my glasses?’ she asks.
‘No, Mum. Why would I take your glasses?’
‘They’re missing. Ever since you came over.’
‘They’ll be under the cushion on the couch.’
‘Don’t be silly. I checked there.’ A pause. ‘Oh.’
‘Mum? Listen. Why did you stop painting?’
‘Hmm?’
‘Why did you stop painting?’
‘Oh. That. I was too busy. I had you.’
But she’s lying. Or avoiding the truth. The bell rings for the next period.
‘I have to go, Mum.’
‘Yes. Well.’
We hang up. I run to class.
*
The Rook and Castle. Six pm. Pearl, the blonde rockabilly girl, is behind the bar. She smiles at the guitar slung over my shoulder and pours me a beer.
‘Tom’s setting up in the band room,’ she says.
‘What about Christian?’
She shakes her head. I take the beer with me into the band room.
Tom is on the stage, screwing cymbals into place on his drum kit. He nods at me but keeps working. I put down my beer and climb nervously up beside him. It’s been twenty-five years since I last stood on a stage. Literally half a lifetime.
I spend a few minutes stumbling around finding the power points and the mic inputs. Tom practises some drum rolls while I set up, then settles into a swing beat. I watch him, counting myself in, and add a basic blues shuffle over his drumming.
Playing solo yesterday was one thing. Playing with another person adds whole new layers of complexities. It requires listening and concentration. It requires communication. Tom watches me from behind his kit, guiding me with his eyes. For a few minutes we lock into a groove. But I’m rusty. We fall out of synch. Our jam falters to an end.
The band room door bangs open. Christian stumbles in.
‘I’m late,’ he says. ‘Sorry. More shopping.’
He rests a brand new Fender Jazzmaster bass on the stage, ducks back out the door, and wheels in a Marshall stack that still has the price tag on it.
‘Christian,’ I say. ‘That gear costs a fortune. Please tell me you didn’t use your company card again.’
He shrugs. ‘I need a bass. Also, I need a drink.’
‘Later,’ says Tom. ‘I have to get back to work soon.’
‘Let’s start with something simple,’ I say. ‘“Glass Slipper”? Do you remember that one?’
Christian nods doubtfully. Tom counts us in.
I start the droning chord progression, sparse and quiet. Tom joins in with a whisper of cymbals and a bass drum throb like a heartbeat. We weave around each other, finding a groove. Rough still, and clumsy, but reconnecting. I thread the vocal melody over the chords. Tom spreads the beat wider, syncopating, adding toms and snare for texture and depth.
Christian fumbles with his gear, rushing to get set up. He looks terrible. His eyes are bloodshot and the skin hangs loosely on his face. Sweat drips downs his forehead. His crisp new suit and shirt just emphasise how sickly his complexion is.
He plugs his bass in. Tunes up. Then he stands there, lost, looking from Tom to me and back again. He doesn’t remember the song.
‘Follow me,’ I say to him.
‘Huh?’
‘Follow me for the chord changes. Watch my hand.’
He watches my left hand fret out the riff. Tries to play it. Gets it wrong. It’s like our first rehearsal all over again.
Tom puts down his sticks.
‘Show him,’ he says. ‘I need to sort out the stockroom.’
He leaves.
Christian pulls a face. ‘What crawled up his backside?’
‘Forget him, Christian. Come here. Let me show how the riff goes.’
*
Ten minutes pass. Fifteen. Christian and I run through ‘Glass Slipper’ until he gets it mostly right. Then I teach him ‘Remember’.
Tom comes back. We play through both songs. Christian drops notes, fumbles the riffs. My fingers and wrists ache. We find the groove and then lose it again. After the second play-through of ‘Remember’, Tom slides his sticks back into their bag.
‘We have to clear out,’ he says. ‘There are real bands playing tonight.’
That stings. I swallow my comeback. I need us to work together.
We pack everything up. Tom lets us leave our gear in his storeroom. He stays in the band room, tuning the PA. Christian buys me a jug of beer and we both sit out in the beer garden, despondent. The sun is setting over the back fence, orange and red through the haze of pollution.
Christian swigs his beer, not meeting my eye.
‘We’ll get better,’ I tell him. ‘We just need more practice.’
‘Another twenty-five years ought to do it.’
The sun sinks. We eat. We go home.
It takes me hours to get to sleep. I roll and toss, thinking about Vee.
*
Night. Heat. Something woke me. What?
I can hear traffic through my open window. Christian snoring from the lounge room. The distant yowl of a possum.
My pillow is soaked. My t-shirt is sticky with sweat. I pull my shirt off, and tiptoe topless through the lounge to the bathroom for a towel.
Christian’s snoring stops me. It sounds strange. Wrong. Too high-pitched and droning. The hairs on my neck prick up. My skin goosebumps.
I fumble on the lights.
Christian’s head is black. Like a velvet mask has been pulled over it. Except the velvet is moving.
The high-pitched noise grows louder.
Flies. Christian’s head is covered in flies.
‘Christian!’ I yell. I run. Shake him. Swat at the flies.
He jerks awake. Coughs. Gags. The flies are in his mouth, in his nostrils. They crawl across his eyes.
‘Get them off!’ he yells. ‘Get them off!’
Wings beat. The swarm rises like a mushroom cloud. It fills the air, hovering, threatening.
‘Get out,’ I tell it. ‘Go.’
My words sound hollow. But the swarm twists and flies out through the gap in the window. Christian runs for the bathroom. I hear retching. Running taps. When I find him, he’s scrubbing his face raw with a wash cloth.
‘That wasn’t natural,’ he says.
‘No,’ I answer. ‘It wasn’t.’
He rinses his mouth again. Spits into the sink.
I put my hand on his arm. ‘We should talk.’
But he shrugs me off. He stomps back into the lounge room and winds the windows closed. Then he lies back down on the couch and pulls the sheet over his head.
I let him sleep. One of us should.
Hours tick by. I stare into the darkness. Trying to unknot the tangle of fear in my stomach.
I broke the pact. Deliberately.
Of course the shadow is back.
36: NOVEMBER–DECEMBER 1992
‘The boredom is what kills you,’ Tom said.
We packed the last of our gear into the back of his van. Christian leant against his Kingswood, smoking. He insisted on bringing his own car, despite it doubling our petrol bill. I checked over my packing list one last time while Vee locked up our house. She skipped down the stairs, grinning.
‘Road trip!’ she sang. ‘Road trip!’
I climbed up into the passenger seat of Tom’s van. Vee joined Christian in the Kingswood. Engines rumbled to life, and our miniature convoy slid out onto the street.
‘Remember’ was getting airplay on Triple J. Phillip had booked us on a three week tour, starting with Geelong, curving back up through Ballarat and Bendigo, through Albury–Wodonga, up to Canberra and then across to Sydney, with a dozen smaller towns in between. It was our first major tour outside of Melbourne. This was our chance to really push the single, and build anticipation for the album.
‘Put a tape on,’ said Tom.
I rummaged through his tape box. Amongst the Minor Threat and the Dead Kennedys was a copy of the Bronski Beat’s first album. I held it up and smirked.
Tom shrugged. ‘It’s good.’
I slid it into the tape player, and we drove west to the sound of ‘Smalltown Boy’.
*
The sky was ocean blue as we drove into Geelong. We drove past factories and train lines until we found our motel. The receptionist told us we couldn’t check in until 2 pm, so we drove around town trying to find some lunch. The others bought burgers from a fish and chip shop. The only vegetarian option I could find was a soggy egg and salad sandwich. I threw most of it to the seagulls.
We drove back to the motel. Checked in. Tried to nap for a while, but we were too excited. Vee put some Sonic Youth on the room’s tape player. I checked the strings on my guitars and put new batteries in my effects pedals.
We got to the pub early to get dinner. Nothing on the menu was vegetarian there, either. Our support band, a flannel-clad pub rock band called Third Leg, told us about an Indian takeaway around the corner, and I ordered a saag paneer. We soundchecked, then sat around drinking nervously. Tom knew some of the locals, and introduced us. I didn’t say much. I was fretting again, in a way I hadn’t since our first gig.
Third Leg played. Their guitarist launched into a long solo and the audience cheered. The resentful little part of my brain whispered that I was better, and then I hated myself for being such a bitch.
They finished up. Our turn.
The band room was half empty. Maybe twenty people. Not exactly a massive crowd for the first night of our tour. My palms were sweating. I wiped them on my jeans while Vee introduced us.
We started hard with ‘Giantkiller’. The crowd talked all the way through. We kept playing. ‘Glass Slipper’. ‘Long Fair Hair’. The crowd clapped at the end of each song, but the applause was scattered. They were more interested in drinking than in us. We limped home with ‘Remember’ and ‘Scars’.
‘You guys were cool,’ said the drummer for Third Leg, as we packed up.
But half the crowd had left before the end. We were strangers here. We’d gotten too used to playing to people who knew our tunes.
*
On the drive to Ballarat, I reworked our setlist. Maybe if we started with one of our new songs, ‘Vanish into the Air’, a shimmering, shoegazery instrumental that could work as a sort of overture. Then break into ‘Scars’, to hook the people who had heard it on the radio.
I showed the new list to the rest of the band over lunch. Tom and Vee nodded.
‘I don’t know,’ said Christian. ‘Maybe we should just buy the whole crowd drinks.’
*
Ballarat went well. Forty people, maybe fifty. Some even bought the single off us after the show. I drank some beers with a couple of local musicians, but left once they started arguing about which of them had the biggest amplifier.
I walked back to the motel. Opened the door. Flicked on the lights. Vee was naked on the bed, sandwiched between two equally naked guys. Their hands shot up to their faces, protecting their eyes against the sudden light.
‘Sorry.’ I blushed. I slammed the door and fled out to the parking lot.
I didn’t get the appeal of casual sex. I mean, I loved sex. I still missed Michael and his goofy grin as he pushed between my legs. But the idea of letting a stranger inside me, and then never speaking to them again…
I walked across the parking lot. The night was unexpectedly freezing. Christian’s car had fog on the windows and was rocking in an unmistakable rhythm. I let myself into Tom’s van, curled up amongst the amplifiers and guitars, and tried to sleep.
*
Benalla? Wangarrata? I was losing track of where we were. The gig went off. The vodka shots afterwards didn’t help. We staggered back to the motel room and fell asleep piled into the one bed.
I was woken by the click of the door opening. Tom stepped in, a skateboard tucked under his arm. Harsh dawn light flooded in behind him. He was sweating lightly. He looked fresh. Energised. My mouth tasted like cigarette butts, and a steady bass drum of pain throbbed behind my forehead.
‘What time is it?’ I croaked.
‘Seven-thirty.’
‘And you’re awake? Jesus.’
Tom frowned at me, concerned. ‘You don’t have to drink so much, Cat. It’s not compulsory.’
‘I know,’ I said.
I flopped back down onto the pillow and pulled the sheets over my head. Christian farted and then cuddled up to me. I pushed him away and tried to get back to sleep.
*
Shepparton. Six people showed up to our gig. Christian drank a quarter bottle of Jack Daniel’s afterwards. The next morning, in the crisp dawn, he threw his car keys to me.
‘You drive,’ he said. ‘I’m still drunk.’
I looked down at the keys, glittering in the pale light. ‘I didn’t bring my P-plates.’
‘So? No-one will know you need them. Drive.’
He crawled into the passenger seat and hunkered down inside his leather jacket. I climbed into the driver’s seat. The steering wheel was huge. I had to stretch to reach the pedals. I keyed the ignition and the massive engine grumbled slowly into life. I let it warm up, and then gently eased the car out onto the road.
‘You drive like a girl,’ Christian mumbled.
‘Your car steers like a boat,’ I replied.
He smiled. ‘Just gun it and go.’
The car rattled, sluggish on the acceleration. Then the engine gripped, the toy Wookiee swung from the rear-view mirror, and we made the jump into hyperspace.
*
Albury. We arrived just after lunch. Found our motel. The boys fell asleep immediately. But Vee and I were restless. We left Tom and Christian sleeping, took my acoustic guitar, and went busking in the city park.
A pack of grunge teenagers wandered past us, all facial piercings and messy dyed hair. Vee smiled at them, they smiled back, and soon they had set up an informal picnic around us, passing around packets of McDonalds chips and a Coke bottle with Jim Beam in it. They looked startled when we played ‘Scars’.
‘Wait,’ said one girl. ‘Is that your song?’
‘Yeah,’ I said.
‘You’re from the Stray Swans?’
‘Yeah.’
‘No way! I love you guys. You have to play an under-eighteen gig. The bouncers won’t let us into the Star.’
‘We’re playing one now,’ laughed Vee.
The teens lay back on the grass. They lit a joint and offered it to us. We played every song we knew, enjoying their company, revelling in the sunshine and open air.
I checked my watch. ‘We have to go,’ I told Vee.
She nodded.
‘Sneak us in tonight?’ pleaded the girl. ‘Please?’
I hesitated. Vee herself was still technically underage. We’d been lucky so far—no bouncer had bothered to ask the band for ID. But we were breaking the law every time we played. Sneaking in a half-dozen teenagers with pimples and brightly coloured hair was just asking for trouble.
‘Come ’round the back,’ I said. ‘We’ll see what we can do.’
The show went off. The teenagers started the mosh pit on our first chord. They cheered every song, and bought copies of the single from us after the gig.
I carried my guitar out to the van, and found Tom making out with the tallest and skinniest of the boys. Christian peered over my shoulder and grinned.
‘That’s what I love about this band,’ he said. ‘The ladies are all mine.’
I elbowed him in the gut, dumped my guitar in the van, and went back inside for my amp. Vee was sitting on the edge of the stage, tongue locked with a shave-headed girl.
Christian saw them and sighed.
*
Drive. Motel. Soundcheck. Gig. Drive. Motel. Soundcheck. Gig.
The towns began to blur. Our clothes stank. Dirt crusted into our skin and wouldn’t wash out. Weeks of pub food and truck-stop coffee burnt into our stomachs like acid. We slept in shared beds, too cold to take off our clothes. We drank and we smoked and we stared out car windows. A feral tiredness set in behind our eyes. Christian woke up one morning and his gums were bleeding.
‘Scurvy,’ he said.
I sighed. ‘It’s just gingivitis. Try brushing your teeth occasionally.’
‘Which one of us flunked out of med school?’ he asked.
I gave him a look.
‘Scurvy,’ he repeated.
We were exhausted. But none of that mattered. All that mattered was our hour on stage. We drove onwards, the road slipping silently under the Kingswood’s wheels.
Drive. Motel. Soundcheck. Gig.
*
We played a hot Friday night in Canberra to a mix of goths and hippies, and drove the next day through Belanglo State Forest. Ghost gums loomed over us, eerie and silent. And then forest opened. We dropped into suburbia.
‘Welcome to Sydney,’ Christian said.
One last show, and the tour would be over. I felt relieved. I desperately wanted to be home, sleeping in my own bed, eating decent food. But I was sad, too. Because we were out here, making music. Living our dream.
Christian slid his sunglasses over his eyes.
‘I am so getting shit-faced tonight,’ he said.
MEMORABILIA #6
Dear Cath—

Thanks for the phone call last night. I know you won’t get this letter until you’re back home, but I just wanted you to know we’re both very proud of you. Yes, even your mother.
Actually, we’re so proud of you that I’ve started a little archive box for your band. Record reviews and things like that. Maybe I could get some band posters off you when you’re back? (Fliers? Is that what they’re called?)
Anyway—stay safe, love.

—Dad
37: DECEMBER 1992
We showered at the motel and changed into our least smelly clothes. Tom had arranged for us to have dinner with some of his Sydney friends at a Chinese vegetarian restaurant in Newtown.
The table was easy to find. It was overflowing with punks and ravers and drag queens. I squeezed in down the end next to a Courtney Love impersonator.
‘I love your glasses,’ she purred, in a deep bass voice. ‘Very naughty librarian. May I try them?’
‘Um. Sure.’
She lifted them off my face, and the world went blurry.
‘Now shush,’ she commanded the table. ‘Quiet. Or I’ll spank you.’
People laughed. The food was amazing. I sat awkwardly on the end of the table, too tired to talk, feeling dull and self-conscious surrounded by all these exotic strangers.
After dinner, we drove over to the Exeter Hotel to set up, and Tom’s friends came with us. I snuck a nap in the back of Tom’s van once soundcheck was over. Vee woke me.
‘Support band’s starting,’ she said. ‘Come check them out.’
The support band were two very pretty gay boys playing Depeche Mode style synthpop. Vee danced down the front of stage with the drag queens.
Showtime. We climbed on stage, checked our instruments. Three weeks’ worth of exhaustion settled on my shoulders. I was so tired I could barely stand.
Come on, Cat. One last show. Kick out the jams.
We started slow with the droning ‘Glass Slipper’. Built it up. ‘Blank Cheques’. ‘Giantkiller’. ‘Sleeping with Wolves’. The Courtney Love impersonator climbed up on stage and go-go danced. Vee tried to copy her and tripped over her mic stand. We finished with ‘Scars’ and then ‘Remember’. Cheers. Calls for an encore. We looked at each other. Shrugged. Played ‘White Rabbit’, ragged and messy and loud.
‘Thank you!’ grinned Vee. ‘Thanks! But that’s all. We are going to go get incredibly drunk now.’
Afterwards, the Courtney Love impersonator found me in a corner booth, napping on the table while the others danced.
‘Tom told me you like Jimi Hendrix,’ she purred.
I lifted my head. ‘Yeah.’
‘And who wouldn’t? Such a handsome boy. And hung like a stallion, they say. Here. I brought you a little present. Something to celebrate the end of your tour.’
She slipped me a fold of aluminium foil. Puzzled, I opened it. Inside was a single black and dried flower petal.
‘Pleasant trip,’ she winked. She sashayed off to tease Christian.
I had no idea what the petal was. I found Vee and showed it to her.
Her eyes lit up. ‘Is that black lily?’
‘What’s black lily? A drug?’
‘It’s wonderful. It makes you all…’ Her eyes shone and she waved her hand dreamily. ‘You have to try it.’
I’d never done any drug harder than a joint. I’d never even heard of this thing. I held the aluminium foil in my sweaty hand, debating with myself, acutely aware of how un-rock-and-roll I was compared to all these strange creatures around me.
I made up my mind. ‘Vee? Want to share it with me?’
‘Really? Thanks! Oh man, we should go to Hyde Park tomorrow. Trips in the park are amazing.’
A Pixies song came on. Vee grabbed my hand and pulled me onto the dancefloor. I stood there awkwardly, surrounded by all Tom’s lithe and beautiful friends. They whirled around me like satyrs and nymphs.
Screw it, I thought. The tour was over. I could let my hair down and dance.
*
The next day was cool but sunny. Tom spent the day with his Sydney friends. Christian was sleeping off his hangover. Vee and I searched Hyde Park until we found a secluded spot behind some bushes and sat down. Vee carefully tore the petal in half.
‘What do I do?’ I asked.
‘Just put it on your tongue and let it dissolve.’
I took the tiny half petal and slipped it into my mouth. It tasted like nothing: dry and papery.
‘Now do me,’ she said. She stuck her tongue out and I gently placed the remaining half on it. She smiled as she swallowed, like a naughty child. We lay down together, too tired to talk.
Half an hour passed.
Goosebumps ran down my arms. A metallic taste filled my mouth. The clouds were leaving trails, I realised. Vee rolled over to smile at me.
‘It’s starting,’ she said. Her voice echoed.
And suddenly I rushed up. My skin prickled. I could hear the tiny bones in my ear clicking. Colours supersaturated. The sky seemed incredibly vivid, incredibly real. Vee held a leaf over my face, and I was enthralled by the detail in it, all the tiny capillaries spreading through the glossy green skin. Vee laughed and hugged me.
We lay back, holding hands, listening to the secret music of the trees.
*
I woke up alone. I lifted myself off the grass and looked around. Vee was gone.
‘Stretch?’
A jacket was lying in the grass a few metres from me. Her army coat. I climbed up to my feet, walked over to it, and gingerly picked it up.
‘Stretch? Where are you?’
The park was silent. Deserted. The only sound I could hear was a faint buzzing. It might have been traffic. It might have been the ringing in my ears.
Several metres away, Vee’s dress lay under a bush.
My heart clenched. I knelt down and crawled in to retrieve it. The buzzing grew louder. I could smell rotting meat. I didn’t want to see what was beneath the bush. But it could have been Vee. I had to know.
I dropped the coat and crawled in further. The buzz became deafening.
At the base of the tree lay a dead swan. Its skin was rotting away, the rib cage and guts exposed. Flies crawled over the black feathers. Maggots squirmed through the holes where its eyes had been.
As one, the flies stopped buzzing. They turned to face me.
Soon, they promised.
I screamed. Scrambled out from under the bush. Ran.
Straight into Vee.
‘Shortie,’ she said. ‘Calm down. What’s wrong?’
She was fully dressed. Unharmed. Beautiful, even. Her green and blue hair wafted over her face.
‘Nothing,’ I said. My whole body was shaking. ‘Bad trip. Can we go home now?’
38: NOW
Tuesday. The Head of Maths catches me on my way to class.
‘You look terrible,’ he says bluntly.
‘Trouble sleeping,’ I answer.
He exhales through his nose, disapproving. ‘The grounds staff found cigarette butts up in the pines. Marijuana cigarettes. Do you know anything about that?’
‘No, sir.’
‘This is a serious matter, Miss St. James. Harrowfield does not tolerate drug use, and we would expect every teacher to report anything they knew immediately.’
‘Of course. Understood.’
He exhales through his nose again. He sounds like a bull. ‘I still need your medical certificates from last week, Miss St. James.’
He’s gone before I can answer.
I check my watch. Six more hours until the day is over. Six more hours until the next Stray Swans rehearsal.
*
I stop home on the way to the Rook and Castle to collect my guitar. The flat reeks of cigarettes. Christian sits on the couch in his underwear, mobile phone pressed to his ear. He waves at me, still talking.
‘That’s great, Mandy. I owe you. I’ll pick them up Thursday.’
He hangs up and types something into his phone.
‘Right,’ he says. ‘I’ve got ads in all the street press. I’ve got a graphic designer in St Kilda doing us a poster. And I’ve lined up at least two radio interviews. Expect some phone calls next week.’
‘That’s incredible,’ I say. ‘When did you turn into Phillip?’
‘When you killed our singer,’ he jokes.
I flinch.
‘Shit,’ he says. ‘Sorry. That was… Sorry.’
I shoulder my guitar bag. ‘Get dressed. We have to get to rehearsal.’
*
Bass rough as sandpaper. Christian’s head bent over the strings. Sweat runs along his forehead and drips onto his strings. Tom sits, eyes closed, sticks raised, counting the beat. One. Two. Three. Four. And boom: the drums. Christian loses the rhythm for a second, flounders, finds it again. I bring the guitar in gently: mosquito whine of feedback, sparse high notes of melody.
We hold it together until the main riff. Then we lose it. The Rook and Castle band room rattles like a dying engine.
‘We’re all over the place,’ says Tom.
‘We’re getting better,’ I answer. ‘Give it time.’
‘Nine days,’ Tom says. ‘We have nine days.’
‘We’ll make it.’
Tom pulls a face. ‘I have to get back to work.’
Christian and I spend another half an hour working on songs. Then my wrists hurt too much, and I have to stop for the night. Christian stays at the Rook to drink with Pearl. I walk alone to the train station. The smell of jasmine mingles with the smell of hot asphalt.
Nine days.
We’ll make it. We have to. For Vee.
39: DECEMBER 1992–JANUARY 1993
We drove back from Sydney in silence. Junk mail was spilling out of our mailbox when we reached home. We unloaded our gear, ordered pizza, and fell asleep before it arrived.
Phillip called us the next day.
‘The tour must have gone well,’ he said. ‘I have the new charts here. Your single is number four.’
‘Really?’ I asked. I was still exhausted, and my skin felt like dried leather. ‘That’s great.’
‘It is. We can go higher, though. How would you feel about touring to Perth?’
*
The Perth tour took a week to organise. Vee and I tried to settle back into life at home. We caught up with friends, applied for jobs. We spent Christmas with my parents. Dad drank too much and put on his Cream records. Vee danced with him in the lounge room, while Mum and I argued as we washed the dishes. Christian invited us to a New Year’s Eve party with his friends. I sat in the corner the whole time, too tired and restless to make conversation with strangers.
Everything felt temporary. The days before we left again kept ticking down.
I watched Vee, making sure she was safe. I hadn’t forgotten the shadow’s threat in Hyde Park.
The day came. We packed up the van and the Kingswood and drove west. Adelaide was good, but the crowds were small. Then we drove across the Nullarbor Plain to Perth. I had never seen the desert before. It rolled past, endless kilometres of nothing but red dust and the occasional kangaroo.
‘Is Nullarbor an Aboriginal word?’ asked Vee. She leant against the window of the van, sketching.
‘No,’ I answered. ‘It sounds like it. But it’s from the Latin. It means “no trees”.’
She laughed. ‘They got that right.’
This is our real country, I thought. The dead heart. A treeless wasteland. A haunted place that whitefellas would never understand, not while we clung desperately to the thin green edge of the continent. I could imagine the shadow stalking across all that dust, nothing but bones in its wake.
There was a song in there, somewhere.
We arrived in Perth late afternoon. Checked into our hotel. Ate fish and chips on the dockside, watching the sun sink down into the Indian Ocean.
We played the first of our three Perth shows. It was brilliant.
*
Morning. The hotel room’s phone rang. Vee answered it while I was brushing my teeth. Tom was out skateboarding. Christian was still comatose drunk.
‘It’s your mum,’ Vee said.
She was frowning. I rinsed and took the handpiece from her. ‘Hello?’
‘Catherine.’ Mum sounded drained. ‘I need you to come home.’
‘I’m in Perth, Mum. I’m in the middle of a tour.’
Mum grumbled, ‘Come home, Catherine. Please.’
Something fragile in her voice caught me. ‘What’s wrong?’
‘It’s your father. He’s in hospital.’
‘Hospital?’ I blinked, not yet fully awake.
‘He’s had an accident. He’s… He’s not well. He really needs you to be here.’
I was being stupid, I realised. Dad was clearly much worse that Mum was telling.
‘Wait. I’m coming. Let me call Phillip.’
*
Phillip worked his black magic. Gigs were cancelled. Airplane tickets appeared. Taxis drove me to airports. Everything blurred with motion.
Halfway across the continent, ten thousand metres up in the air, the fear finally hit me. Dad was in trouble. My arms and chest went numb. I looked out the window, and saw the plane’s shadow on the clouds. It looked like a horde of flies.
‘Faster,’ I urged the plane. ‘Fly faster, you stupid lump of metal.’
Five and half hours in the air. Landing at dusk. Another taxi. Hospital. Racing through the foyer. Confused directions from the desk nurse. Wrong turn. Running back. Lifts up to the ward.
An empty bed. No sign of Mum.
A nurse saw me. Took me gently by the arm. ‘This way,’ she said.
A side room. Mum and Aunt Lisa holding each other. Cups of tea on the coffee table. Mum looked up at me as I stood in the doorway.
‘You’re too late,’ she said, and her face was white as dust. ‘He’s gone.’
*
This is what happened:
Mum had complained about a strange smell coming from the ceiling fan in the bathroom. A sort of burnt meat smell, she said. Dad climbed up into the roof to investigate. Mum heard a zap, all the lights in the house went out, and Dad fell through the plaster ceiling into the bathroom.
The electricians told us later that rats had chewed through the wiring. Dad must have touched a live wire. He was a tough old coot, though. The shock didn’t kill him. It was head trauma. He hit his head on the bath when he fell. Mum came in to find him unconscious on the bathroom floor, surrounded by dust and plaster. She called an ambulance. He was still alive when he reached the hospital, but a blood vessel in his brain burst while I was flying somewhere over South Australia.
I was too late. And there was nothing I could have done anyway.
There were forms to fill out. Arrangements to be made. A nurse ordered a taxi to take us home. I held Mum’s hand as we both stared blankly out the windows into the night.
The power was still off. I replaced the blown fuse while Mum sat on the porch, silent. The lights struggled back on. I led her inside and put her straight to bed. Then I collected the old broom from the laundry and grabbed a garbage bag.
The bathroom ceiling had fallen down along with Dad. I propped the door open so I could see by the hallway light. It cast wide shadows across the room, throwing the ragged chunks of plasterboard littered on the floor into sharp contrast.
There was a paw print in the rubble, left by some enormous dog.
I gripped the broom and started cleaning.
*
Phillip called the next morning. ‘Let me help,’ he said.
Half an hour later his BMW slid up outside the front fence and he stepped out, dressed in a black suit, a briefcase full of pamphlets for funeral homes in one hand.
‘My condolences,’ he said to Mum.
Mum was awake now, and snappish. She waved away his sympathy. ‘You’ll want tea,’ she said.
‘Let me get it,’ said Phillip.
‘No, I’m fine. Sit.’
She disappeared into the kitchen, and we heard cups rattling, the kettle slamming against the bench. Phillip went to follow, but I put a hand on his arm.
‘She needs to do something,’ I said. ‘It’s her way of coping.’
She came back with three mugs. ‘Show me these pamphlets,’ she ordered.
‘It can wait, Mum,’ I said.
‘No it can’t. I’m not leaving him in a glorified fridge.’
She chewed a pencil while Phillip guided her through the choice of funeral parlours, the certificates that needed completing, the process of estates and wills.
‘I can’t follow this.’ Mum swore, throwing down her pencil. ‘It’s too complicated. Why do they make it so bloody complicated?’
Phillip nodded. ‘I agree. I felt the same frustration when my mother passed away.’
The thought that Phillip had family startled me. He was always so composed, always so self-contained. It never occurred to me that someone gave birth to him. I imagined him crawling up out of the sewers one black night, and slipping on a human face as easily as he slipped on his tailor-made suits.
*
The rest of the band reached Melbourne that afternoon. They’d driven back non-stop, and were so tired and smelly they could barely stand. They hugged me stiffly and mumbled condolences.
‘Get some sleep,’ Mum snapped at them. ‘You’re no comfort to Catherine like this.’ She laid out blankets in my old bedroom. Christian and Tom fell asleep immediately. Vee stayed up talking to Mum.
I hid in the kitchen, pretending to make tea. Mum and I had been arguing non-stop all day. But Vee calmed her down. She had that effect on people. I eavesdropped while Mum told Vee stories about Dad. How they met at university. How they had their honeymoon in the Grampians, and Dad got peed on by a koala. How they always wanted another child, someone for me to play with.
‘God,’ said Mum. ‘I remember our wedding night. He was so clumsy. All elbows and penis. But so gentle and sweet too. The look on his face…’
Mum fell silent. I carried the tea tray in, my cheeks burning.
She wept quietly into Vee’s lap while Vee stroked her hair.
I could never do that. I could never be such a comfort to my mother.
I took the cups of tea back into the kitchen and poured them down the sink.
*
The funeral was on a Friday. Vee offered to sing a hymn if I accompanied her, but I persuaded her that a Beatles tune might be more appropriate. Dad never believed in God. His will clearly specified that a secular celebrant read the service. Good old Dad, an atheist even in the final foxhole.
We held the ceremony at his school chapel. The mourners trickled in: a flock of black. My aunt, Dad’s sister. Family friends. The band, sheepish in their funeral wear. Phillip, sleek and efficient, happy to organise. Dad’s fellow teachers. And lastly, an honour guard of pupils in their grey school uniforms.
The service was brief. The celebrant read from a script. Dad’s sister told an anecdote from his childhood. The school captain read a Kipling poem. And then we were up. Vee sang ‘All You Need Is Love’, her voice soft and beautiful. I fumbled a chord change and hated myself for it. It felt like I had betrayed him.
And after, the family gathered in our front garden for the wake. Mum sprinkled Dad’s ashes over his beloved roses. I poured out a tumbler of Laphroaig and rested it beside them. The peaty smell mixed with the soft scent of the roses and floated into the evening like a ghost.
*
Night fell. People drifted home. Eventually it was just Mum and me, alone in the living room.
‘He adored you,’ Mum said. ‘He was so proud.’
I swallowed. There was an edge to Mum’s voice, a sternness I knew too well.
‘It should have been me,’ she continued. ‘That’s what you’re thinking, isn’t it?’
‘No, Mum. God. No.’
‘I love you as well, Catherine. All we do is fight, but that doesn’t mean I don’t love you.’
‘I know that. I love you too.’
We sat together on the couch, awkwardly holding hands.
She was right. We loved each other. But she was also right about the other thing. If I was forced to choose between them, some tiny evil part of me would always have chosen Dad.
Phillip called me the next morning.
‘Take as much time as you need,’ he said. ‘But when you’re ready, I would like to reschedule the missed dates.’
I could hear Mum in the laundry, shoving clothes into the washer. She needs me, I thought. She needs someone with her. But all we do is fight.
‘I’m ready,’ I said. ‘Get me the hell out of here.’
MEMORABILIA #7
shortie—

i’m sorry.
i’m so, so sorry.
if you need me, i’m here for you.

—love,
stretch
40: FEBRUARY–MARCH 1993
I tried to write a song for Dad. I tried so hard.
This was my task, I realised. My duty as his only child. I couldn’t be the comfort my mother needed, but I could write a song, something to remember him by. Something to tell the world how small and normal and important he was. That was the point of all my talent.
I tried so hard. And I kept failing.
Every song I wrote came out furious. I had no idea I was so angry at his death. But it came out with the music: bile and rage and grief. How dare death take my father? How dare the shadow hurt the ones I love?
The songs were useless. They were songs about my father’s death, not about him.
He deserved better.
*
We finished the Perth tour. Came home. Left almost immediately on another tour of country towns, driving up through Ballarat and Bendigo, Shepparton, crossing the Murray River at Albury–Wodonga and onwards into New South Wales. Always moving. Outrunning my grief.
A day past the border, cresting the hill into another country town, Tom pulled his van over in front of the town sign. WELCOME TO COLD HILL, it read. He killed the engine.
I was in his passenger seat, trying to read. ‘What’s up?’ I asked.
‘Nothing.’
He climbed out of the van, and wandered over to the sign, hands deep in his hoodie pockets. I put down my book and followed after him.
‘Tom?’ I pressed. ‘What is it?’
He stared at the sign, face unreadable. ‘This is where I grew up.’
‘Really?’
His jaw moved thoughtfully, not quite a nod. ‘Swore I’d never come back,’ he said. ‘Not a nice place for a teenage poofter.’
‘No,’ I said. ‘I guess not.’
We stood there for a moment. Christian pulled in behind the van and tooted his horn. Tom ignored him. He stood like a statue, staring at the sign.
‘Tom?’ I said. ‘Fuck this place. Seriously. Let’s kick its arse and burn it to the ground when we leave.’
Tom thought. Nodded. Smiled. ‘Sounds good to me.’
*
I tried and I tried to write a song for Dad.
Because if I couldn’t write this one song for him, what was the point? What was the point of my guitar skills, or having a band, or hit singles? Some musicians use their talents to praise God, or fight for justice. Surely I could write just one song worthy of my dad?
There’s no science to writing songs. It’s pure cargo cult. You go through the rituals, you build your runways in the jungle, your radios out of coconut shells and vines. And then you hope the planes come back. It’s black magic. Voodoo with six-strings.
I wrote song after song in my notebook. Then I tore every page out and threw them away.
*
The Cold Hill gig was ugly. The audience were young and drunk and aggressive. Some of the locals recognised Tom. They stood down the front, beers in hand, jeering and whispering to each other. ‘Oh Tommy boy,’ they sang between songs. ‘The poofs, the poofs are calling.’
‘I wouldn’t hang around,’ said the publican after we finished.
We grabbed our gear and hauled it outside to find a shirtless young man pissing on the side of Tom’s van. A circle of his friends laughed as they watched.
‘Tommy boy!’ said the shirtless guy. ‘Oh, mate. Sorry. Is this your van?’
He swaggered up to Tom and slowly zipped up his fly. ‘I thought it was one of those dunnies where the faggots hang out.’
Tom punched him.
Hard in the stomach, and the back of the head as he fell. The shirtless guy landed on his knees. Tried to stand up. Tom kicked him twice in the ribs. I heard something snap, and the shirtless guy fell to the ground, coughing blood.
Someone in the crowd threw a beer bottle. It hit Tom square in the back of the head. Tom staggered, bleeding. The circle rushed him. Grabbed his legs, his neck, punched and kicked at him.
‘Let him go!’ I yelled.
They ignored me. Tom wrestled an arm free and pulled one of them down in a chokehold. But there were too many of them.
I swung my guitar case at them.
It hit one in the back. He fell over, swearing. Another swung a fist at me, but I managed to get my guitar case up in time to block it. Fighters rushed in. I was knocked over. Trampled. My glasses broke. A foot stamped on my face. I managed to get the person’s ankle and I bit it, biting harder and harder until blood suddenly gushed into my mouth and the ankle jerked away so hard my teeth accidentally snapped on my own lip.
And then blue lights were flashing, and police were pulling us apart.
*
We spent three hours in the Cold Hill Hospital Emergency Ward before the doctors patched us up and the cops threw us out of town.
Tom had concussion. I found my old glasses in the bottom of my backpack, so I drove. I had a black eye starting to swell up, and my mouth still tasted like blood.
‘And I thought I fought mean,’ Tom said, and I smiled.
The town sign loomed up in the headlights. I pulled the van over. Tom frowned.
‘Present for you,’ I said. I pulled it out from my backpack: a vodka bottle filled with petrol and a rag stuffed into the neck.
‘You serious?’ asked Tom.
‘Screw it. We’re rock stars.’
The others pulled in behind us. We all climbed out. Christian’s eyes lit up when he saw the molotov. ‘No way! Let me light it!’
He flicked open his zippo. Tom waved the rag in the flame until it caught. Then he turned, and threw the bottle in a perfect fiery arc towards the town sign.
The glass exploded. Flame spilled out, blossoming, beautiful as a flower, and vanished just as quickly.
‘Run!’ yelled Christian. ‘Run! Before the cops find us again.’
We jumped into the cars and drove. Tom smiled as the road slipped beneath us.
*
‘Hey Tom,’ said Christian in the next roadside diner. The waiters were looking sideways at us, covered as we were in blood and bruises.
‘What?’
‘You left Cold Hill ’cause you’re gay, right?’
Tom scowled. ‘Amongst other things.’
‘So why didn’t you move to Sydney? You know—Oxford Street, the Mardis Gras. Don’t you lot love all that stuff?’
Tom gave him the finger.
‘No, seriously—why move all the way to Melbourne?’
Tom shrugged. ‘The music’s better.’
*
Coming home, we stopped at a picnic ground looking over the Murray River. My black eye had faded to green, but it still hurt to touch. I ran a facewasher under the tap in the toilets, then pressed it to my face to relieve some of the pain. An ant crawled up the tiled wall.
And just like that it hit me. The entire song. Chords and melody. Verse, chorus and bridge. I could hear the entire song in my head. A gift from the otherworld.
in the garden where the green things grow
in the garden where we plant the seeds
in the garden where we reap and sow
the flowers and the weeds
the flowers and the weeds
I ran back to the van. Vee tried to offer me a sandwich and I knocked it out of her hand as I sprinted past her. And as I frantically scribbled the song down, the bile was drained, the poison was sucked from my wounds. I started crying. Tears splashed onto the paper and blurred the words even as I wrote them down.
*
We booked a day in a Ballarat studio on the way home, and recorded ‘The Flowers and the Weeds’ in three hours. The engineer’s girlfriend played cello, and we hashed out a sparse, simple arrangement, just Vee’s voice, my acoustic guitar, and some lovely warm cello lines underneath.
The engineer played us a rough mix and I felt cleansed.
‘We need a B-side,’ said Christian.
‘What?’
‘That’s totally our next single. We just need a B-side.’
So we set the rest of the band up, and recorded an instrumental in one take. We improvised the whole thing, rocking out over a simple D minor–C chord progression. Vee babbled wordlessly over the top. Even the cellist played a solo. ‘Burning Cold Hill’, we called it.
We wrapped up just before 9 pm, and ran to the nearest pub before their kitchen closed. Christian bought everyone a round of drinks and we huddled together, feeling tired and happy and at peace.
‘Good day’s work,’ said Tom.
*
Maybe there was some meaning in my dad’s death.
Not his death death. Not the way he died. That was random and stupid and cruel.
But maybe meaning could grow out of his death the way flowers grow out of black earth. Maybe his death was the pause at the end of a song, the silence that brings the melody into relief.
Or maybe it was even simpler than that. Maybe we loved each other, and lost each other, and that was a kick up the bum to cherish the people I still had.
Maybe I was just overthinking things again.
*
Phillip listened to the recording, head tilted, one hand gently stroking the table. Our bruises had turned ugly shades of blue and purple. Phillip refrained from asking about them.
‘It’s beautiful,’ he said at the end of the song. ‘Your father would be honoured.’
‘We want to release it as the next single,’ I said.
‘Ah.’ He stroked his beard. ‘I shall be honest with you, Catherine. The song is exquisite, but it’s not right for your next release.’
‘Why not? What’s wrong with it?’
‘Please understand, I am not criticising the song. This is a strategic decision. We need to promote the album. This song is not on the album. It would confuse people.’
‘So what—we just throw it away?’
‘Of course not. Save it. Write some more songs. Release it as an EP once the album has waned.’
‘And in the meantime?’
‘Release “Giantkiller” as your third single.’
‘This is my decision, though, isn’t it? This is creative direction, not contracts and money.’
‘As you say. Although I don’t think there is the clear distinction between the two that you do.’
He waited patiently while I thought. He was right. It wasn’t the best single for us strategically. But wasn’t it the best one for our soul? The song was a raw, true expression of our feelings. Wasn’t that more important than finessing record sales? Wasn’t that what made the band alive?
‘Guys? What do you think?’
‘Flowers is a really good song,’ said Vee. ‘We should release it.’
‘Christian?’
‘Yeah. I agree. But… I mean, the EP thing sounds good too.’
‘Tom?’
‘EP,’ he said. ‘Sorry.’
I hunkered down in my chair, arms crossed across my chest. Was I resenting them because they were betraying the band? Or was my judgment clouded by my grief?
Let it go. Follow your head. Do what’s best for the band.
‘Okay,’ I sulked. ‘We’ll release “Giantkiller”.’
*
But I couldn’t end it there. I booked myself into a tattoo parlour in St Kilda. The needle bit into my flesh, drawing a large plus sign onto my right bicep.
‘Is that a Christian thing?’ the tattooist asked. ‘Like a crucifix?’
‘My dad was a maths teacher,’ I told her. ‘It’s for everything he added to the world.’
The tattooist rolled her eyes.
41: NOW
Third rehearsal. Eight days to go. The Rook and Castle chandelier sways with the rumble from Christian’s bass. We make it all the way through five songs, but we sound rougher than a car crash.
‘Better,’ I say between songs. ‘Go on. Admit that it’s better.’
Tom scowls. ‘It’s better. It’s still not good.’
Christian makes a farting noise with his bass.
Eight days to go. So much still to do.
*
I call the Music Exchange the next day at lunchtime. I tell them what I need.
‘Hmm,’ says the guy. ‘Not much call for them these days. Everyone’s gone digital. Let me have a look out the back.’
He puts the phone down on the counter. In the background I can hear someone playing the riff to ‘Seven Nation Army’ over and over again. Minutes pass. The phone rattles.
‘You’re in luck,’ says the guy. ‘Still in its box and everything.’
‘I’ll pick it up this evening,’ I tell him and hang up.
The Head of Maths passes me in the corridors.
‘Medical certificate,’ he calls out over his shoulder.
*
Fourth rehearsal. Seven days to go. Even Tom smiles when we bring ‘Scars’ crashing to a close. We’re better. But we’re still not there yet. We’re still not a band.
‘We need to do something,’ I say, just before we pack up for the night. ‘It’s sort of a team-building exercise.’
‘Does it involve copious amounts of booze?’ asks Christian. ‘Because I’m up for that, but Mister Straight-edge here may not be so keen.’
‘It involves this,’ I say, and pull the box from the Music Exchange out of my satchel. The cover has faded with the years, but it’s still clearly a Tascam four-track recorder.
‘It’s a different model than the one we used to record our demo tape on,’ I explain. ‘But it’s the closest I could get at short notice.’
‘We can record through the Rook’s mixing desk,’ says Tom. ‘Why do we need that?’
‘Because we’re not recording at the Rook. What time to do you knock off tonight?’
‘Midnight.’
‘Perfect. We’ll meet you here. Do you still have a van?’
*
Tom’s van is white, just like his old one. He has a photo of Waaberi on the dashboard. The van noses through the shadows and back alleys of Footscray. The clock on his dashboard reads almost 1 am. Warehouses squat either side of us, grey against the night sky.
‘There,’ I say, pointing at one of the buildings. ‘That one.’
Tom parks behind it. The moment he kills the engine, the alley goes dark. There are no streetlights here. I wait for my eyes to adjust. The warehouse we’ve parked behind is abandoned. The doors are chained shut, the windows smashed, the padlocks turned to rust.
‘Wait,’ says Christian. ‘I know this place. Where are we?’
‘Dipstick Studios,’ I say.
‘No way.’ Christian peers out the van window. ‘What happened?’
‘Rusty died,’ Tom answers. ‘Six years ago now.’
‘Really? Poor bastard. So why are we here?’
‘I told you,’ I say. ‘We’re recording. Come on.’
I reach over Christian and open the van door. He climbs out reluctantly. Tom opens the side door and pulls out his toolbox.
Christian raises his eyebrows. ‘Are we…?’
Tom selects a pair of boltcutters, walks over to the warehouse, and shears off the ancient padlocks. Christian laughs nervously. Tom yanks the warehouse door open, metal screeching into the night.
‘Give us a hand,’ I tell Christian.
Our instruments are in the back of the van: my guitar, Christian’s bass, my little portable amp, the four-track, and a djembe for Tom. I shoulder the guitar and the satchel. Christian straps the bass to his back and hugs the drum to his chest.
Tom explores inside the warehouse, a torch in his hand. ‘Down here,’ he calls.
The building has been empty for a long time. The carpet is gone. Mould grows up the walls. A possum scurries through exposed metal rafters. Even the squatters have abandoned this place. We pass a mattress in one corner, but the fabric has rotted away, leaving just a skeleton of springs.
‘Here?’ asks Tom.
He’s standing in the centre of the old main recording room. The gear has long since been removed, but few old chairs are piled up against one wall, grey with water damage.
‘Perfect,’ I say.
I lower my guitar case to the ground, and root through my satchel for the packet of candles I bought at a 7-Eleven after rehearsal. I take a handful and throw the rest to Tom.
‘Make a circle,’ I tell him.
‘A circle?’ asks Christian. ‘Hang on, hang on. Rusty said this place was haunted. Cat? Is this a recording session, or a séance?’
‘If this works,’ I say. ‘It’s both.’
‘No,’ says Christian. ‘No way. I didn’t sign up for this.’
‘Please, Christian. I told you Vee called me. I want to prove it to you.’
Christian starts backing out of the room. ‘Get her to text me, then. I’m not taking part in some voodoo rite.’
‘It’s not voodoo,’ I answer. ‘It’s a recording session. Three takes, and we’re done. Promise. Nothing is going to hurt you, Christian.’
‘Right. Tell that to those flies.’
‘Three takes. Please? For Vee?’
Christian looks from me to Tom and back. Tom starts laying out a circle of candles. Outvoted, Christian reluctantly slinks back to join us.
‘Thank you,’ I say.
We form a circle. Tom lights the candles. Christian tunes up his bass. I set up the four-track and the amp, dialled down low. After they’re in place, I strap on my guitar, and check my tuning repeatedly while I try to control my nerves.
The candlelight flickers. The three of us look like phantoms.
‘We all know where we are,’ I say to them. ‘This is where we recorded our first album. We recorded our first demo on a four-track like this. We’re closing the circle here, making a bridge between the present and the past.’
Christian peers nervously into the darkness. ‘What are we playing?’
‘“Remember”,’ I answer. ‘Just follow my lead.’
I press record on the four-track. Pause to prepare myself. And then start finger-picking the chords.
I try to project myself back, to remember how I played this song the first time I played it to Vee. The chord progression loops. Tom joins in, a subtle rhythmic colour. Christian hesitates. Plays a note. Another. Stops. Wipes his brow. Tries again.
We’re not gelling. I press stop on the four-track.
‘Let’s call that take one,’ I say.
‘We haven’t practised this,’ says Christian. ‘I don’t know what to play.’
‘Just listen,’ I tell him. ‘Let the music guide you.’
‘Easy for you to say, Obi-Wan. Not all of us are guitar geniuses.’
‘Quiet.’ I push record again. ‘“Remember”, take two. Ready? One, two, three, four.’
The second take is better. We start out soft, listening, focused on each other. Then we build it slowly, growing louder, more powerful. Ease it back. Push forward. Ease back. Push forward. Tom nods, recognising how much tighter we sound.
Mice creep around us in the dark. A police car siren wails outside, Doppler shifting up in pitch before sinking down and away. The first of the candles start to die.
I bring the song to a close.
‘Much better,’ I say, leaving the tape running.
‘So we’re done?’ asks Christian. ‘We can go?’
‘Third time’s the charm. One, two, three…’
Whispers of notes. Circling. Weaving. Bass dark and low. Heartbeat of drums. The music grows louder. The last candle dies. We keep playing into the dark. Weaving. Circling. Tight. But still not tight enough. I can feel the hard prison walls of reality bend and grow thin. But not enough. Not yet enough. I close my eyes. Listen. Try to hear the hidden sub-harmonics, the secret chords inside the chords.
So close. We’re all so close…
And then lights blare through the warehouse’s front windows, red and blue and white.
‘The cops!’ yelps Christian. ‘Run!’
We grab the four-track and our instruments and we run. Through the black corridors. Tripping over things in the dark. Out the back door. Scrambling into the van. Tom has the engine running before Christian is even inside.
‘Go,’ says Christian, slamming his door shut. ‘Go go go!’
Tom drives off while the police are still standing at the warehouse door, loosening their torches.
Streetlights swoop overhead. Christian pulls a hipflask from his pocket and swigs.
‘That was close,’ he says. His eyes burn with both fear and exhilaration.
The four-track jostles on my lap. I rewind the tape back to the start, and press play. Take one is clumsy and awkward. Take two is better, but still too sloppy on the chord changes. The intro of take three is much the same: all rough edges, three separate musicians rather than a single band. My heart sinks.
And then the song reaches the first verse.
And from the four-track’s tinny speakers rises Vee’s voice.
42: AUGUST 1993
The year rolled forward. The money from the album sales finally trickled in. Christian glumly compared the royalty statements against the advance Sapphire had offered us.
The comparison wasn’t good. Between royalties from the singles and payment from regular gigs, I could maybe just afford to quit my job at the call centre. Or I could upgrade my gear.
The cheap green Jibson guitar was starting to fall apart under the constant use. The volume knobs were rattling, the tuning heads kept slipping, and the whole guitar had developed a weird buzzing noise that I couldn’t fix, no matter how many hours I spent prodding through its electrics with a soldering iron.
I took my share of the royalties down to the Music Exchange. The Rickenbacker twelve-string that I had yearned over had been sold last year, and my tastes in guitars had changed. I wanted something rock and roll now. The owners suggested a sleek black Fender Jaguar they had hanging in the front window. I tried it. The guitar growled and sang under my fingers. I handed over the cash.
*
We met once a week at Phillip’s office, but usually there wasn’t much to discuss. Our album had finally sunk off the charts. We still gigged, and had the occasional small tour. But the excitement following the album’s release slowly faded into a memory. Most meetings lasted less than fifteen minutes. We spent more time waiting in reception. Mostly we came just to drink the free coffee and eye off his other clients. Despite the grunge revolution, commercial pop music was still far more successful. We would slouch over the Artists Services’ couches, dirty and smelly and out-of-place, while squeaky clean pop stars bounced out of Phillip’s office. Even during our meetings, Phillip would be reading over contracts for his other artists. We were just a hobby for him.
His secretary finally ushered us in one windy day in August. Phillip smiled as we came in, actually paying attention to us for once.
‘I have something to show you,’ he said.
He sat at the end of the meeting room table, smirking like a magician about to perform a trick. The band sprawled around the rest of the table.
‘You could just show us,’ I said. ‘You don’t have to be a dick about it.’
He flourished a piece of paper, then pretended to the read it, hiding the text from our view.
‘Still being a dick,’ I told him.
Phillip blithely ignored me. ‘Have any of you heard of a band called Rupture?’
‘Of course,’ I said. Rupture were a grunge band from Seattle. They sounded more metal than punk to me, but they were hugely successful. ‘They’re awful. Why?’
‘They may be awful,’ answered Phillip. ‘But they are also extremely popular. And they are touring.’
With a flourish, he slid the paper across the table. Christian grabbed it, read it, and laughed.
‘What?’ I asked. ‘What’s so funny?’
He handed the sheet to me. ‘They want us to support them.’
‘Seriously?’ I scanned the paper. He was right. It was a letter of offer. ‘How do Rupture even know we exist?’
‘You have a manager who knows people,’ said Phillip. ‘And who gave them a copy of your CD. This is big, people. Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Adelaide. Five thousand seat venues. And it’s not just the exposure. There will be scouts in those audiences. Major label scouts.’
‘We have a label,’ said Tom.
‘And they pay you pocket money. This is the big time.’
I read the letter again. ‘How much are Rupture paying us? This doesn’t say.’
Phillip drummed his fingers on the desk. ‘They’re not.’
‘What? Why not?’
‘Because I asked them not to, as a way of persuading them to take you on.’
I was incredulous. ‘We’re playing five thousand seat venues and we don’t get a cent? You can’t just make those decisions, Phillip. You need to discuss them with us first.’
‘Listen, children. I let you make your deal with Dipstick. But now is the time to either grow up or get out. Professionals earn money. You want to be real musicians, you need a real record contract. This is how we get one.’
Phillip glared at each of us in turn. I glared back.
‘What about touring costs?’ I asked him. ‘Petrol? Accommodation? Food?’
‘You’ll need posters, too,’ Phillip answered. ‘And t-shirts. A new press kit. Promo CDs. Maybe even a remix. You need to convince the record labels that you’re serious.’
‘How much will that cost?’ asked Tom.
‘A lot,’ Phillip admitted. ‘Twenty-five grand. Maybe thirty.’
‘That’s the deposit for a house,’ I snorted. ‘Where are we getting that sort of money?’
‘A bank loan,’ said Phillip. ‘I’m organising it now.’
‘No you’re not,’ I said. ‘Not ’til we vote. This is our career too, Phillip.’
‘If you must.’ He leant back in his chair, watching us.
We all looked at each other, thinking hard. Thirty thousand was a lot of money to pay back if a record deal didn’t come through.
‘I vote yes,’ said Christian. ‘We already turned down Sapphire. We may not get another chance after this.’
Worry and excitement flickered across Vee’s face. She looked at Phillip. He nodded.
‘I agree,’ she said. ‘Seize the day.’
Tom shook his head. ‘We signed with Dipstick.’
Which left the deciding vote with me. I rubbed my face while I thought it through.
‘I’m serious,’ I told Phillip. ‘We get that you’re more experienced than we are at making deals. But you have to tell us what’s going on. You can’t just make decisions behind our backs.’
Phillip nodded. ‘Understood. So? Do you vote yes or no?’
I pressed my fingers against the table. The problem with Phillip wasn’t that he was a sleazy reptile. It was that he was a sleazy reptile who was always right.
‘Yes,’ I said. ‘I vote yes.’
*
Phillip made the bookings. A square-jawed photographer named Klaus took new press kit photos. A trendy graphic design company made new posters for us. A techno DJ remixed ‘Remember’ and Phillip charmed Dipstick Records into releasing it as a twelve-inch single.
The bills came in. We looked over them, frowning.
‘Trust me,’ said Phillip. ‘All will be well.’
*
The day before the tour, Vee received a letter in the mail. The envelope was handwritten, addressed to Violet South. I handed it to her, and she immediately tore it in half unread.
‘Who’s it from?’ I asked her.
‘My dad,’ she replied.
I wanted to ask her why she hated her father so much. But her hair was over her face, and her mouth was set in a snarl of anger. She ripped the letter into tiny shreds, and threw the shreds out her window. A wind caught them, scattering the letter over the neighbour’s fence.
Vee smiled as they disappeared.
*
We left Melbourne at 5 am for the drive up to Brisbane. The first day’s driving was fourteen hours up the Newell Highway. Breakfast at Jerilderie. Lunch at Parkes. An overnight stop at Moree. Then up early again in the dawn mist for the six hour drive into Brisbane.
I had my licence by then, so I shared time behind the wheel. Tom’s van was heavy, crammed full not only with our instruments but also boxes of merchandise and an extra passenger. Phillip had insisted on sending a road manager with us. Except all his competent staff were on the road with his clients that actually made money, so we were stuck with a scrawny guy in an AC/DC t-shirt named Graeme, who spent the whole road trip neurotically checking his diary and trying to get reception on his brand new Nokia mobile phone.
We reached our motel in Brisbane just after noon. There was time for a quick, unsatisfying nap before Graeme woke us and herded us down to the Brisbane Festival Hall for our soundcheck.
*
The venue was a boxy, 1950s eyesore, all concrete and bricks and ugly fluorescent lights. Graeme was excited, though, as we drove around to the stage door.
‘The Beatles played here,’ he said. ‘And Led Zeppelin.’
In the parking lot, roadies were wheeling crates out from the back of a semi-trailer and pushing them in through the stage door. Hulking down next to the semi was an enormous black tour bus. It looked like an evil spaceship. Christian stared at it in undisguised envy.
Graeme grabbed his diary and phone the moment we were parked. ‘Wait here,’ he said, and disappeared inside the hall. We climbed out of our cars. Christian lit a cigarette. Tom started to unload our gear, lining it up beside his van. Vee yawned, stretched, and looked around, her eyes shining with mischief.
‘Come on,’ she said, squeezing my hand.
We slipped past the roadies into the backstage area. The backstage was dark, grey bricks and old signage everywhere. It felt strangely institutional, like a hospital or a school. The roadies ignored us. There was no security anywhere. Vee dragged me deeper into the labyrinth of dressing rooms and corridors, until we climbed some stairs and suddenly we were on the stage.
Rows of seating curved up away from us like hillsides. Stage lights beamed down upon us. We felt, for that moment, like we stood at the very centre of the universe.
‘Oi!’ yelled a security guard. ‘No groupies on stage!’
Vee gave him the finger. ‘We’re the support band, arsehole.’
Graeme came running out from the wings, red-faced and out of breath. ‘I told you to wait with the van,’ he said. He thrust our backstage passes at us. ‘Hurry up. We need to start bumping in.’
*
We sat in our private dressing room, nervously picking at the labels of the beers from our rider. Graeme paced up and down, juggling a walkie-talkie along with his diary and mobile phone.
‘So do we get to meet Rupture?’ asked Christian.
‘Maybe after,’ Graeme replied. His walkie-talkie squawked, the message indecipherable in the static.
I rechecked the tuning on my Fender Jaguar. Vee finished her beer. Christian offered her another one, but she shook her head. Tom calmly read a drumming magazine in the corner.
The dressing room door opened. A stage manager leant in. ‘You’re on.’
Through the corridors. Up the stairs. Breathing deep to control the nerves. The stage manager stopped us in the wings, listening to his headset. I adjusted my guitar strap. I tried to calm myself. But then the stage manager was waving us forward, and we were out onto the stage.
The lights beat down, blinding us. I could hear the audience filing into their seats, talking, drinking, ignoring us. The sound echoed around the vast hall. That afternoon, when the hall was empty, I felt like I was at the centre of the universe. But now I felt miniscule, an insignificant insect lost inside a void.
I plugged in my guitar, fingers useless with sweat. Tom counted us in.
We started with an instrumental, ‘Vanish into the Air’. We let the chords build around us, trying to fill that huge abyss. Our music bounced off the concrete, echoing back at us, muddying our sound. I gritted my teeth, and segued into the opening riff for ‘Scars’. Vee grabbed the microphone and belted out the first verse too loud, so her voice cracked.
We finished the song. No-one applauded. A group up in the stalls started chanting ‘Rup-ture! Rup-ture!’ The heat from the stage lights was ferocious. Sweat poured down my forehead and dripped onto my guitar.
‘Keep going,’ I said. ‘Just keep going.’
We played ‘Giantkiller’, then ‘Long Fair Hair’. A few people applauded, but it was muted and distracted. They were waiting for the headliners. They didn’t care about us. My mouth was dry. I tried to swallow some drops of my sweat to slake it, but it wasn’t enough.
During ‘Glass Slipper’ I started feeling faint. My ears buzzed. My skin crawled. The stage lights were so bright they turned everything black.
Verse. Chorus. Guitar solo. I felt dizzy. My guitar felt like it was playing itself, like I was on the side of the stage watching.
Did you think you had escaped us? whispered the shadow.
I looked behind me. Flies were everywhere. Across the stage. Up the backdrop. Dripping down from the lighting rig. Black and hungry and writhing.
I tried to yell. But my mouth wouldn’t move. The flies coiled across the stage and wrapped up around Vee’s legs.
We took your father, they whispered. But there’s so much more for us to take.
‘Get lost,’ I choked. My voice sounded pathetic and afraid. ‘Just leave me alone.’
The flies swarmed together, coalescing into a giant hound. It grinned at me, its black eyeless sockets full of scorn. Then the flies broke apart into a cloud that poured over the front of the stage and disappeared into the crowd.
Soon, they whispered as they left. Soon.
I staggered, snapping back into my body. The guitar strings buzzed under my fingers. I’d been playing the whole time.
We finished the song. Christian slapped me on the back.
‘You okay?’ he asked. ‘You went a bit Pink Floyd on us there.’
‘Heatstroke,’ I said. I grabbed a bottle of water and drank it so fast I almost threw up.
Vee frowned back at me in concern. Her long hair was sweated into ropes.
‘I’m good,’ I said, wiping my face with my t-shirt. ‘I’m fine. Let’s bring it home.’
Christian hammered out the bass intro to ‘Remember’.
*
The stage manager invited us to watch Rupture from the side of the stage. But I was shaken and exhausted. I retreated to our dressing room and drank beer while trying to quash my fear.
The shadow was back. It had been months since my father’s death, since that pawprint in the rubble. I thought it was gone, sated. But it was back. The fact that no-one else could see it just made it worse. The shadow was my monster, my own personal demon sent to torment me.
I drank beer and tried to stop shaking. I heard Rupture finish on stage, the audience cheering so loud the walls shook. Vee bounded into the dressing room.
‘They’ve invited us back to the tour bus.’ She grinned.
I shook my head. ‘I’m not in the mood, stretch.’
‘Yeah you are.’ She grabbed me and pulled me to my feet. ‘It’ll be fun.’
Reluctantly, I followed her out to the parking lot. Tom and Christian were loading the last of our equipment into the van. They joined us as we walked over to the hulking bus. It looked less sinister now, after seeing the shadow again, and more like ridiculous posturing. A muscular black security guard leant casually against the bus door.
‘Jake invited us,’ Vee told him.
The guard nodded and waved us in. ‘You behave now,’ he said.
The bus interior was red: red carpet on the floor, red satin sheets in the sleeping bunks, red velvet curtains hanging across the end section of the bus. Vee pulled the curtains aside and pot smoke wafted out.
Behind the curtains was a sort of club room: three red leather couches against the rear and side walls, a black glass coffee table in the middle. A miniature disco ball hung from the ceiling. The members of Rupture were slouched back on the couches, passing a joint around to some teenage girls with skimpy tops and facial piercings.
‘Cat,’ said Vee, ‘this is Jake and Hammer.’
‘Yo!’ said Jake. He was Rupture’s singer. He had bleached, spiky hair and a thick American accent. ‘The Stray fuckin’ Swans! Come sit your asses down.’
The groupies resentfully made room for us. Christian immediately bogarted the joint. Tom sat in the corner closest to the door, arms crossed, saying nothing. I ended up squashed next to Hammer, their lead guitarist. He had long black hair, and sharp cheekbones, and the placid brown eyes of a cow.
‘Why do they call you Hammer?’ I asked him.
Jake laughed from across the table. ‘Guess.’
‘You’re a fan of Eighties rap?’
‘Nah, man. He likes to hammer little girls.’ Jake laughed again, and the groupies joined in, tittering submissively. I instantly loathed them all. Hammer blinked, as if he hadn’t heard a word. Those docile brown eyes turned to me.
‘Vee said you like Hendrix.’
‘Yeah,’ I replied.
He reached into an overhead locker, and handed me an Ibanez acoustic guitar. While I checked the tuning, he pulled down a second one for himself. He sat with it for moment, eyes staring off into space, as if he had forgotten where we were. And then his fingers came to life, strumming the opening chords to Hendrix’s ‘Little Wing’. I joined in, and we traded solos for a while. He was too fast and showy for my taste, but there was some genuine soul in his playing too. I took a different angle, playing slow and bluesy.
‘Awesome,’ nodded Jake. Smoke coiled around his head. Christian was sprawled back on the couch, stoned to the gills and half-asleep.
‘We need to go,’ said Tom, impatient. ‘We have to drive to Sydney tomorrow.’
I nodded, and handed back the guitar. ‘Yeah. Bedtime. Thanks, though.’
The second-hand pot smoke was making my head spin. Vee shook Christian awake. We left the bus and I sucked in deep lungfuls of Brisbane air to clear my brain.
‘Where are we going?’ asked Christian. ‘I was just starting to have fun.’
‘We’re going to bed,’ I answered.
We drove back to the motel, hauled Christian into bed, and lay down to try and sleep ourselves. Tomorrow would be a long day. And the shadow would be waiting there for me again. I tossed and fretted.
‘You awake?’ whispered Vee from the other side of the bed we were sharing.
‘Yeah.’
‘He’s cute, isn’t he?’ she said.
‘Who?’
‘Hammer.’
‘He’s dumber than a fence post.’ I rolled over to look at her. ‘Please don’t tell me you’re planning to sleep with him.’
‘Too late,’ she smiled. ‘Already have.’
‘When? Today? At least tell me you used a condom.’
‘Of course we used a condom.’
‘I can’t believe you slept with him. He’s a zombie.’
‘Well, maybe I like zombies. It was just a fling, shortie. You don’t need to be a prude about it.’
‘I’m not being a prude,’ I said. And I wasn’t. Vee had slept with plenty of other guys in the past and I never had a problem with it. But there was something about the placid vacancy behind Hammer’s eyes that disturbed me. I remembered the shadow, curling itself up Vee’s legs on stage.
‘Just be careful,’ I said. ‘Please? For me?’
‘Okay,’ she said. ‘For you.’
Her hand crept across to find mine in the darkness, and we both slipped away into sleep.
43: AUGUST 1993
Graeme the road manager woke us early. We drove south, kangaroos scattering from the highway as we passed. Our van reached Sydney just after 6 pm. The next day was booked solid with interviews, and then the show at the Hordern Pavilion, but we had the night to ourselves.
Tom met up with his Sydney friends for dinner. Christian took Graeme out drinking. Vee invited me to come and hang out with Rupture with her, but I declined. I was exhausted. I needed sleep. The shadow was out there, waiting. I wanted to be ready for it.
*
Sydney was where Phillip’s promotion campaign kicked in. We did the interview rounds: newspapers, magazines, the Triple J studios. Graeme called to confirm the record scouts were coming to the concert that night.
It was draining after the long road trips. I tried to talk, but my concentration was shot. Tom barely grunted whenever anyone asked him a question. Vee enjoyed the first few interviews but grew bored and restless as the day dragged on. Christian, surprisingly, was brilliant. He was always ready with a quip, a quote, or a funny tour story. After our soundcheck, he went out drinking with some journalists while the rest of us went back to the hotel for a quick rest before the show.
Vee slipped away before we got back to our room. I crawled into the double bed and fell asleep alone.
*
The alarm woke me at 5 pm. Orange afternoon sunlight filled the room.
Vee still wasn’t there.
Christian and Tom met me at the hotel restaurant for dinner. Christian was drunk but happy. He told us a rambling story about drinking in Kings Cross. I drummed my fingers on the table, fretting.
Tom checked his watch. ‘We should get moving. Where’s Vee?’
‘No idea,’ I said, covering for her. But I knew exactly where she was.
We took the van out to the Hordern Pavilion. The record agents met us backstage. I was expecting caricatures: fat old men in cheap suits. But the Sony agent was a skateboarder in a Dead Kennedys t-shirt. The Warners scout wore a Hawaiian shirt and had Japanese tattoos down his arms. We chatted politely for fifteen minutes, then I excused myself.
‘I’m going to find Vee,’ I said. I walked out to the parking lot. The daylight was fading fast. Rupture’s tour bus crouched in the shadows behind the semi-trailer. I crossed over to it. The bouncer smiled at me, but blocked the door.
‘Is Vee in there?’ I asked.
‘Yeah,’ said the bouncer. ‘You want me to go get her?’
‘Yes please.’
‘Wait here, ma’am.’ He disappeared inside. Five minutes passed. Then Vee and Hammer emerged, sleepy-eyed and blissful, blinking at the evening dark.
‘We’re on soon,’ I told her.
‘Yeah,’ said Hammer, his eyes empty. ‘Rock on.’
Vee was terrible on stage. She slurred words. Forgot songs. She peered around the stage, distracted. I could feel the crowd growing bored. Someone threw a water bottle at us and Vee flinched as if it was tear gas.
We limped to a finish. Vee disappeared while I was still carrying my gear off stage. I checked our dressing room. I checked backstage. She was gone.
I prowled through the backstage corridors and out into the carpark, smoking a furious cigarette. Flies circled behind me.
Soon, they gloated. Very soon.
Fear gripped me. Vee was in danger. Real danger. My heart raced. My chest went tight. I had to help her. But the fear was in me now, and I couldn’t move. I felt as if a giant fist was crushing me. The flies buzzed and mocked me.
You never deserved her. You were always too afraid.
The carpark lights stabbed down at me. Glinted off the asphalt, off the lolly wrappers and broken glass. I collapsed to the ground. Picked up a sliver of glass. Slashed it across my arm. Blood welled up over the swan tattoo. The glass cut so swift it took a moment for the pain to catch up. And then it came, hot and bright and stinging. Cutting through the fear. Cutting through the paralysis.
Vee needed me. I ran to the Rupture van. The bouncer was leaning against the door, chatting lazily with some young girls.
‘I need to get in there,’ I told him.
‘Sorry, lady.’
‘Vee’s in trouble. Let me in.’
‘Your friend’s fine. She’s just having some private time with my boss, understand?’
He smiled, but he was blocking the door. I stepped back. Screamed.
‘Tom! Christian!’
They were loading gear into the van. They heard the panic in my voice. Dropped everything. Came running.
‘Vee’s in trouble,’ I said.
‘You sure?’ asked Tom.
‘I’m sure.’
‘Everybody calm down,’ said the bouncer. ‘Your little friend here is getting all worked up over nothing.’
Christian punched him in the face.
It was so absurd the bouncer just blinked. The punch had barely registered. But Christian wound up and punched again. The bouncer caught it and twisted Christian into an armlock.
‘I said, everybody calm down.’
But in the seconds Christian had distracted him, Tom kicked open the tour bus door and we sprinted inside. The bouncer dropped Christian and chased after us. Christian leapt on his back, trying to grab him in a neck-hold, while we raced past the TV screens and the sleeping bunks and the red velvet curtain into the booth at the rear.
Incense smoke spiralled in the air. Hammer splayed across the red leather couch. Vee curled asleep on his lap. On the coffee table: candles; spoons; syringes; black petals crushed on a crumpled square of foil.
Tom grabbed Hammer. Heaved him up. And smashed his face into the coffee table. Again. And again. Blood smeared across the glass. White teeth stuck to the red mess.
Then the bouncer was on top of Tom, pulling him down, crushing him beneath his giant bulk. Hammer crawled away, holding his bloody face.
I grabbed Vee’s hand. It flopped lifelessly.
‘We need an ambulance,’ I said.
The bouncer pinned Tom to the floor. Tom tried to butt him with back of his head, while Christian kicked uselessly at the bouncer’s ribs.
‘Stop it!’ I screamed. ‘We need a bloody ambulance.’
The three of them looked at me. Vee slides bonelessly off the couch onto the floor.
*
Actions blurred together. Tom throwing the coffee table away to make room. The bouncer performing CPR on Vee. Christian running out of the bus, yelling for help. I held her hand. Red and blue lights. Paramedics pushing past. Asking what happened, what she took. I waved at the needles. Naloxone, they ordered. A hypodermic syringe sank into her chest.
Vee gasped. Coughed. Rolled onto her side and vomited.
‘Oh you stupid, stupid girl,’ I whispered, and hugged her.
‘We should take her to Emergency,’ said the paramedic. He had the laconic drawl of a veteran. First aiders at a rock concert. They must deal with overdoses every day.
I sat in the back of the ambulance with Vee, holding her hand.
‘I’m fine,’ she said meekly. ‘Really. I’m fine.’
They took her to the Emergency Department anyway. Orderlies whisked her away on a trolley bed. I was left alone in the waiting room, with the parents of coughing children, and the drunk and bloodied young men. My arms were shaking. A cigarette. I needed a cigarette.
I bummed one off a porter and walked out into the parking lot to smoke it. The Sydney night sky rolled above me, dense and full of stars. I sucked down the nicotine, trying to stop my heart from racing.
She was almost ours, whispered the flies.
‘Almost,’ I said. ‘But not quite. We beat you.’
This time, they laughed.
‘Every time,’ I spat. I threw my cigarette at them and strode back into hospital’s light.
44: NOW
Tom slams on the brakes. The van skids to a stop in the empty Footscray street.
Vee’s voice rises up from the four-track and drifts into the night.
‘It’s a trick,’ says Christian. ‘You did that with Pro Tools.’
‘It’s not a trick,’ I say
They stare at me, disbelief all over their faces.
‘She’s dead. I know that,’ I tell them. ‘But listen to her. Just listen. It’s Vee. She’s still out there. And I swear to you, we can bring her back.’
‘How do you know that?’ asks Tom.
‘How do you know a song is good?’ I reply. ‘I just do. I can feel it in my bones.’
A car zooms past us, swerving to avoid the van. We’re still parked in the middle of the road. Tom takes the brakes off and starts driving.
‘We should go,’ he says. ‘We’ll talk about this tomorrow.’
The song ends. I rewind the tape and play it again.
*
Christian doesn’t speak to me when we get back to my flat. He pours himself a double scotch, drinks it, and goes straight to sleep.
I sit in my bedroom, four-track on my lap, listening to Vee’s voice over and over. What had Rusty called it? EVP? Electronic voice phenomenon.
It’s real. Vee is real. I’d felt it before. Now I had proof.
We’re coming for you, stretch. Hold on.
*
Shanti blinks as I walk up to her and Fiona’s nest in the pines.
‘Miss J?’
‘Hello. I have a favour to ask.’
‘Yeah?’
I hold up the C90 cassette. ‘I need to put this on the internet. So people can hear it. Can you help me?’
‘Oh man. So retro! Can I look? I’ve never seen a real one.’
I hand the cassette to her, and she admires it the way I might admire an Edison wax cylinder.
‘Hey,’ she says. ‘This says the Stray Swans. That’s your band.’
‘We’re doing a reunion next week. I’ll see if I can sneak you in.’
‘Really? That’s awesome. We tried to see the Blisters of Mercy last month, but the stupid bouncers kicked us out.’
‘So, can you help me upload this?’
Shanti looks at her friend. Fiona pushes the hair out of her eyes. ‘We’d need a tape player.’
‘Like this?’ I pull the four-track out of my satchel.
Fiona and Shanti exchange looks.
‘Yeah,’ Fiona says. ‘Like that.’
*
A tangle of cables later: Fiona dubs the demo tape onto her laptop, then helps me set up a page on Bandcamp to upload it.
‘You’ll need a Facebook and Snapchat and stuff too if people are actually going to find it,’ she tells me.
I nod. That sounds like something Christian would be good at. I’ll delegate that task to him tonight at rehearsal.
‘Thank you,’ I say. ‘Your names will be on the door. And listen—the groundsperson found one of your cigarette butts. So seriously, no more smoking at school.’
‘No, Miss J.’
‘Call me Cat. Please.’
‘Really? Cool! Thanks, Cat.’
I walk back across the oval, shivering with excitement.
It’s a long way from our first single launch. But the Stray Swans have a new release. Our music is out there again for people to hear. This is real. It’s becoming real.
Seven days to go.
*
I show Tom and Christian at rehearsal that night. Tom nods. Christian drinks a beer and says nothing.
‘I was thinking,’ I say. ‘We should put the old albums up.’
‘The labels still own the rights,’ says Christian.
‘Yes. But Dipstick has folded, and what are Sapphire going to do? Tell us to take it down? They’re our songs.’
‘Not since we signed the contract, they’re not.’
‘Come on, Christian. The records aren’t in stores. They’re not even on iTunes.’
‘Sapphire will still carpet bomb us with lawyers.’
‘Fuck ’em. Seven more days and they can do what they like.’
Tom shrugs. Christian pulls a face.
‘Fine,’ he says. ‘Fuck ’em.’
Tom has our CDs behind the mixing desk and a laptop we can use to upload them.
45: AUGUST 1993
Rupture kicked us off the tour.
Which was hardly surprising. Tom had broken Hammer’s nose and knocked out two of his teeth. Hammer spent the night in hospital. Radio stations ran with the news the next morning: the overdose, the fight. Rupture’s manager only agreed to not press assault charges after Phillip agreed to pay the bills for rescheduling their concerts.
We drove back to Melbourne, tail between our legs. It wasn’t just the humiliation. Boxes of unsold t-shirts and posters sat in Tom’s van. The Sony and Warner Bros record scouts never got back to us. We had sunk serious money into the tour, and now it was lost.
We stopped at Gouldburn for food and Vee vanished. I found her in the McDonald’s toilets, hyperventilating.
‘Tom is going to kill me,’ she gasped. ‘He’s going to kill me.’
‘He won’t,’ I said. ‘I’ll work it out.’
I went back into the café. Tom was drinking coffee, serenely watching the trucks roll by.
‘She thinks you’re going to kill her,’ I said.
‘Too right I will,’ he said calmly.
They didn’t speak all through the drive. They didn’t speak when we reached home. They didn’t speak as we unloaded the van. I knew Tom well enough. If his mind was set, it stayed set. And if it stayed set against Vee, the Stray Swans were over.
I called Phillip. He called an emergency band meeting the next day.
Tom sat rigid at the table, fists thrust deep into the pockets of his hoodie, glaring at Vee. Vee hid behind her hair. Her fingers twitched and fidgeted with one of Phillip’s luxury pens.
I sat beside her, staring at the table. I was furious at her too. She almost died, after promising me she would be careful. I wanted to yell at her and slap her for being so stupid. But that would have to wait. Right now I needed sort out the problem with the band. I swallowed my anger, and held Vee’s hand in support.
‘It’s very simple,’ Phillip explained to Tom, hands spread benignly like the Pope. ‘We all know what happened. We all understand your anger. But there are only two paths forward from here. You can work through this. Or you can split up. Which would you prefer?’
‘We had a deal,’ Tom said. ‘No timewasters. No cover bands. No drugs.’
‘Jesus, dude,’ said Christian. ‘Cut her some slack.’
Tom’s glare turned on him. ‘I did. All of you. Look what happened.’
‘It was an accident, Tom,’ I pleaded. ‘It won’t happen again.’
Vee couldn’t meet his eyes. Tom stood up, walked over, loomed behind her chair. Vee started to shake. Tom placed a hand on her shoulder, and for a brief moment I thought it would all work out. But then he spoke.
‘We had a deal,’ he repeated quietly.
She shrank from him, terrified. Tom let go of Vee’s shoulder. Flipped up his hood. And walked out on the band.
46: SEPTEMBER 1993
Spring came, and everything felt like it was dying.
Heavy rains smashed the delicate buds from the trees. I found two dead baby birds in the gutter, their skin naked and pink, their swollen black eyes closed forever. The house smelt of mould and decay. Christian moved out. Vee hid in her bedroom, not talking to anyone. When I called Tom, he would listen until my words faltered, and then gruffly repeat that we had a deal.
I had nightmares about my father falling through the thin plaster ceiling. I woke just as he hit the floor, my heart pounding, my head aching. It was just a dream, I told myself, just a dream. And then I would remember, and the black weight of his death would crush me all over again.
Spring came, and everything felt like it was dying.
*
Phillip insisted on another band meeting. It seemed pointless without Tom, but we dragged ourselves back to the Artists Services offices, and sat gloomily around the vast glass table while Phillip’s assistant brought us coffee.
There was an empty chair at the table. Tom’s absence stung.
‘I really don’t want to alarm you,’ said Phillip. ‘But the whole Rupture incident has left us with significant debts.’
‘That stupid loan was your idea,’ grumbled Christian.
‘We all voted for it,’ I said. ‘How bad is it?’
Phillip held up an empty hand. ‘We’re not bankrupt. Not yet. But we need money. And we need it soon.’ He looked at me meaningfully.
‘What?’
‘A new single would be nice,’ he said. ‘Something to generate some income.’
‘Easy,’ said Christian. ‘“The Flowers and the Weeds”.’
I flashed back to my nightmares—Dad falling, waking up in fright. I crossed my arms. ‘No.’
Christian blinked. ‘What do you mean?’
‘I mean no. We’re not releasing that song.’
‘You’re confusing me, Catherine,’ said Phillip. ‘I thought you were keen to release it.’
‘I wrote that song for my father. Not to raise a quick buck.’
Phillip furrowed his brows. ‘Catherine—’
Vee cut him off. ‘It’s Cat’s song. If she doesn’t want to release it, we don’t.’
‘Thanks for that, Vee,’ snarked Christian. ‘If you kept your bloody panties on, we wouldn’t be in this mess.’
‘Piss off and die,’ Vee spat back.
‘Shut up,’ I told everyone. ‘Shut up! We’re not releasing that song. I’ll write some new ones. Problem solved. Okay?’
‘Yes,’ Phillip nodded. ‘That will do nicely.’
*
Which was all very easy for me to say. But actually writing new songs was a different matter completely. I sat in our backyard with an acoustic guitar on my lap. My fingers ran up and down the fretboard. The back steps were wet from recent rain. Wind blew grey clouds across the sun. Traffic rumbled along the freeway nearby. I strummed some chords, trying to make them fit together into something that sounded good.
Nothing. I had nothing.
I was blocked.
*
A knock on my bedroom door. I opened it to find Vee standing there, nervous, holding a container of homemade biscuits.
‘I was baking,’ she said apologetically. ‘Want to go for a picnic?’
We went to the park across the road to eat. Vee hadn’t dyed her hair since the Rupture tour. Her colours were fading. She was drowned out by the vivid green trees. We walked for a while in silence, then sat on the swings and threw bits of biscuits to the seagulls.
‘This is where we saw that swan,’ Vee said eventually. ‘Remember?’
I didn’t answer. I was too angry at her.
Vee tried again. ‘How are the new songs?’
‘Non-existent.’
‘Oh.’
‘I’m burnt out, Vee,’ I said. ‘After everything that’s happened, I’m exhausted.’
Vee hung her head down, hair hiding her face.
‘I wanted to thank you,’ she said. ‘For Sydney…’
I glared away. ‘You almost died, stretch.’
‘Yeah.’ She hung her head. ‘Sorry.’
‘Sorry doesn’t cut it. Seriously. What the hell were you thinking?’
She hugged herself, guilty. ‘It was just fun, shortie. It just feels really good.’
‘Great. Fantastic. I’ll carve that on your gravestone, shall I?’
We sat in angry silence. The seagulls stared at us, hoping for more food, but flew away when we ignored them. Vee timidly reached out for my hand, and I squeezed back so tightly our fingers turned white.
‘Don’t scare me like that,’ I whispered. ‘Please. Don’t ever scare me like that again. Promise?’
‘Okay,’ she said. ‘I promise.’
She slid across the bench and we hugged. Some passing homeboys in baggy tracksuits wolf-whistled at us, and we both gave them the finger.
*
Vee kept her promise. There were no more syringes, no more overdoses. We were spared all those tedious, soul-draining rock and roll clichés. Maybe she would have broken her promise eventually, if she had more time. But she didn’t. It was September, when we sat together in the park. By next March she was dead.
47: NOW
‘Up next: do you remember “Remember”? It was a huge hit for Melbourne band the Stray Swans back in the early Nineties, and people thought they might be the next big thing. But their career was cut short when they lost their singer in a tragic car accident. Well, the Swans are playing a one-off reunion show next Thursday, and we have guitarist Cat St. James on the line to tell us about it. Cat, what have you been up to for the last twenty-five years?’
‘Oh. Um. Working as a maths teacher, actually.’
‘That’s a long way from rock and roll.’
‘I guess. Although calculus is pretty hardcore.’
‘So why the reunion show?’
‘Well, Tom, our drummer, he’s renovating the Rook and Castle Hotel to make it an all-ages venue. We all think it’s really important that teenagers get a chance to listen to live music. So we’re doing it as a fundraiser for that.’
‘That’s great.’
‘And it’s the anniversary. Of…’
‘The accident. So you thought you’d combine the two?’
‘Yeah. Honour Vee’s memory. Help the next generation at the same time.’
‘Well that’s great. And I guess the burning question is: who’ll be doing to the singing on the night?’
‘Ah. That’s kind of a secret. We’ve… got someone in mind. But I can’t say yet. In case they can’t make it. But if they can, it will be amazing.’
‘There you have it, listeners. Catherine St. James from the Stray Swans. Coming up: should you pay your Myki fine?’
I hang up the phone, shaking.
That was awful. I didn’t plug the date and time. I didn’t plug the Bandcamp page. That first question threw me. I have the stomach-churning fear that we’ll hold the reunion and no-one will come.
Deep breaths. Centre. It’ll be fine. It’ll be fine.
Six days to go.
48: OCTOBER 1993
Phillip dragged us along to a cocktail party at the Arts Centre for the launch of an exhibition of Australian rock photography. ‘You should come,’ said Phillip. ‘Lots of famous people will be there.’
‘I’m not in the mood to network,’ I told him.
‘It’s a party. Drink their alcohol. Eat their food. Come. That’s an order.’
I didn’t want to. I was blocked. We were up to our necks in debt. And Tom wasn’t talking to us. But Phillip insisted. Think of it as a team-building exercise, he said.
The party was crowded and loud. No-one spoke to me. Vee and I avoided each other, still touchy despite our talk in the park. Christian fell on the free martinis like a hawk on a litter of rabbits.
Phillip took my hand. ‘This way,’ he said. ‘Someone has asked to meet you.’
Someone turned out to be a tall, older man with designer glasses and a mane of handsome silver hair.
‘Catherine,’ said Phillip, ‘this is Julian Butler.’
I knew who Julian Butler was. He had played keyboards with a legendary post-punk band back in the early 80s. A character in Dogs in Space was based on him. These days he was an arts correspondent for ABC Radio, and a respected painter.
‘Ah,’ he said. ‘The Stray Swan. My wife Mayumi is quite a fan.’
‘Thanks.’
He saw my Nick Cave t-shirt and smiled. ‘Nick asked me to play with him once,’ he said.
I raised a sceptical eyebrow.
‘Oh yes. This was back in Seventy-Eight, I think.’ Julian’s voice was plummy and rich, completely at odds with his punk rock reputation. ‘The deal was,’ he continued, ‘if I bought him some smack, he’d let me sit in with the band. The only problem was I’d never bought drugs in my life. So I spent the whole night running around St Kilda trying to score. Finally found a dealer. Ran back to the Crystal Ballroom. Just as I got there, a junkie with a knife mugged me and stole my stash. Cave never spoke to me again.’
‘Gosh,’ I said, dripping sarcasm. ‘Drug stories. How edgy. How cool.’
Julian bristled. Then a sly smile spread slowly across his face. Vee and Christian ran past, throwing canapés at each other.
‘I’m going to paint you,’ said Julian. ‘How’s next Tuesday?’
*
I told myself not to go. He was married. He had teenaged daughters. But come Tuesday morning, I was climbing the stairs to his studio.
He let me in without a word. The studio was a converted Richmond factory. One entire wall had been replaced with glass. The light was incredible. I ruffled his paintbrushes and flicked through the unfinished canvases leaning against the walls.
‘Like them?’ he asked.
‘They’re a bit Brett Whiteley,’ I teased.
‘Here. I brought you a prop.’
He handed me a classical guitar. I sat with it on his long wooden bench, tuned it, played Bach’s Prelude in D minor. My technique was rusty, but the guitar sang rich and warm.
‘Goodness,’ Julian said. ‘You can really play.’
‘Surprised?’
‘No, aroused. Sit on the chair, please, and face into the light.’
I played ‘Cavatina’ while he sketched, eyes closed, enjoying the warmth of the sunlight and the smell of graphite. Julian fussed and swore quietly to himself as he drew, totally focused on his work.
Eventually he scrunched his paper up and threw it away.
‘Damn it,’ he said. ‘It’s not working. Something’s just not right.’
‘Really?’
I smirked. Put down the guitar. Unhooked my bra. Slid out of my t-shirt and jeans.
We collided. On the floor. On the chair. On the wooden bench. Tearing off clothes. Scratching. Grappling. His body was yoga lean and flexible. We knocked over tubes of paint, smeared ink across his watercolours, bit each other’s skin until we bled. The guitar fell over as I came, and its strings hummed.
We lay together, panting and sore. Then, still naked, Julian sat back behind his easel. His eyes traced my body up and down and he smiled.
‘Yes,’ he said. ‘That’s much better.’
*
Another band meeting. Coffees from the espresso machine. Music papers spread out over the meeting room table. Tom’s chair still empty. The sunlight through the windows made the dust sparkle.
‘The debtors are closing in,’ said Phillip. ‘Catherine, please tell me you have a dozen new hits just desperate to be recorded.’
I was staring out the window. Thinking about Julian.
‘Sorry,’ I said. ‘What was that?’
*
An Indian restaurant. Candles burned in terracotta lanterns. Tabla music played low over the stereo. Julian, rakish and leonine, smiled at me across the rim of a wineglass. We had a hotel room booked for later.
‘I’ve been thinking about your band,’ he said.
‘Dirty thoughts, I hope,’ I said. I was drunk and I wanted him.
‘Please, Catherine. Later. Do you know much about tantra?’
‘That’s like sexy yoga, isn’t it? Why? Want to try it?’
‘Behave. Yoga teaches the path to spiritual enlightenment is through turning one’s back on the physical world. Tantra is the opposite. Practitioners sleep in graveyards, make love to prostitutes, eat forbidden foods. They believe the way to transcendence is through abasement. We reach the stars by crawling through the gutter. Make sense?’
‘No, not really. I’m going to shag you, Julian. You don’t need to bore the pants off me first.’
‘My point,’ he said, tearing off some naan, ‘is that your music reminds me of tantra. It’s loud and it’s dirty and it’s full of grunge. But the end result is… otherworldy.’
Even drunk as I was, that word made me sit upright. ‘Otherworldly?’
Julian nodded. ‘There’s something strange about you, Catherine. Something haunted and witch-like. I imagine most people never notice it, do they? When they look at you, all they see is the short one, the quiet one, the mousey girl. Especially when Vee is around. But that’s not who you are inside. Inside, you’re full of yearning and fear and music. Such extraordinary music…’
I finished the rest of my wine in a single gulp, trying to compose myself. But my heart was beating frantically, and my limbs were cold. I felt naked, exposed. It was true. Every word he said was true.
Julian tilted his head at my silence and raised a questioning eyebrow. But he knew. He saw into my secret heart, and he wanted me because of what he saw.
How could I resist?
*
Julian acted the mentor. He played mixtapes while he painted me: Ollie Olsen, Black Lung, the Primitive Calculators. He introduced me to writers, poets, classical musicians. He took me to the opening night of a Bill Henson exhibition, and the photographs were so beautiful I thought I was going to drown.
We made love. In hotels, his studio, the back seat of his car. And afterwards, as we lay next to each other naked and slick with sweat, I felt my senses expand, and the first notes of melodies reach me.
I picked up my guitar.
*
‘I’ve got a new song,’ I told Vee and Christian. ‘Well, just a riff. Here.’
I played them the new bass line, a slow descending motif, coiling and sensuous. Vee laughed knowingly.
‘What?’ I asked.
She shook her head, grinning. But when we started jamming over the riff, fleshing it out, she improvised these words:
skin on skin, bone on bone
blood on blood, sweat on stone
carve my lover…
carve my lover out of bloodwood
She knew. That bass line was all she needed.
*
The trysts went on all summer.
It was wrong, Julian and me. I knew that. That was what made it so irresistible. I was his mistress. I was having an affair. I felt worldly, sophisticated, elegantly degenerate. During interviews I would look away and smile enigmatically.
And I was writing songs. After months of sorrow and frustration and things falling apart, the music just came bursting out of me. And every song was about sex. ‘Persephone’, ‘Split Me’, ‘Breath to Breath’, ‘Drown in Me’. I tried to be clever, to be oblique, to cover up my lust with metaphor and rhyme. It didn’t work. I couldn’t hold a guitar without imagining I was holding his cock.
I wasn’t stupid. I knew what I was up to. Some bands, they grow up in the suburbs, they all go to private school, so they take heroin to make themselves feel edgy.
Julian was my smack. The entire city reminded me of him: the clocks over Flinders Street Station, the Asian grocers on Victoria Street, elm trees in Hawthorn, rubbish floating on the Yarra. Walking at night, Melbourne hit me like an erotic shock. The whole city made me wet.
I bumped into him by accident while killing time at the National Gallery. His daughters were with him, two beautiful half-Japanese twins. Their eyes were huge and dark, their hair thick and straight and black.
‘Have you seen the Pre-Raphaelites?’ they gushed. ‘That’s real painting. Not like daddy does.’
We laughed. Parted.
I hid in the toilet for twenty minutes, lungs choking with guilt.
But even the guilt had a tune.
49: NOW
Friday night: Tom is too busy running the Rook to rehearse. I sleep, trying to give my wrists a rest.
Saturday morning: Christian takes me to the Preston markets for grocery shopping (another taxi, another flash of the black company credit card), then leaves me alone for the afternoon while he catches up with some old Melbourne mates.
He refuses to talk about the demo tape.
I clean the flat. I do my washing.
Summer storm clouds muffle the sky. I can hear the blood in my ears, the bones click in my skull. My wrists are swollen. My fingertips are infected. I feel disconnected. Dreamlike. I feel as if the walls between this world and the next one are stretching thin. Thin enough for us to break. Thin enough for us to rescue Vee.
I hang out the laundry. I put the dishes away.
Five days to go.
*
Shanti and Fiona come over Sunday morning.
Christian is not merely awake and dressed, but he cooks us brunch as well: soft yellow omelettes with crusty bread and an avocado salsa, followed by flaking delicate pastries from a Vietnamese pâtisserie.
‘This is amazing,’ says Shanti.
Christian bows. He came home last night stinking drunk. It must have done him good, though. The fear is gone from his face. The mischievous charm is back.
‘The trick,’ he tells Shanti, ‘is a pinch of chilli powder in the eggs.’
I wipe my mouth with a napkin. ‘Shall we get started?’
Shanti and Fiona set up while Christian washes the plates. Once the rat’s nest of cables are in place, we listen to the song again. I don’t like the song. It’s too harsh. Too electronic. It lacks warmth and humanity. But old people have been complaining about new music since the first neanderthals banged rocks in rhythm. Shanti’s song is new. It’s different. I don’t like it, but I can appreciate it. And I can see how to make it better.
But that’s not the point, is it? I’m not a producer. I’m a teacher.
‘So,’ I say as the song ends. ‘We fixed the clipping. What next?’
Shanti scratches her armpit, thinking. ‘The guitar?’
‘Sure. What’s wrong with it?’
‘I don’t know. It kind of sounds like the beat is off?’
‘Yeah. Your timing is out. You fall behind every time you change chord.’
She pouts. ‘It’s hard. Your fingers have to change position.’
‘I know. The only way to fix it is to practice. Shall we?’
We mute the guitar track and play the song again. Shanti hunches over her guitar, counting the beats. Christian finishes the dishes, wipes down the bench and mouths back later as he slips out the door. I nod. But my attention is on Shanti.
*
An hour passes. Two. Shanti’s timing improves, then gets worse as her concentration wanes. Fiona gets distracted by her phone.
‘Let’s take a break for lunch,’ I say.
Christian is still out. I could cook something, but the flat is too stuffy.
‘There’s pub down the road that does decent burgers. You can leave your stuff here.’
We head down the stairs to the street. The girls bound ahead of me like excited puppies. Yesterday’s clouds are still covering the sky. The air feels electric, like a huge charge is building up. The wind tosses empty plastic bottles around in the gutters.
My phone buzzes: a missed call. Mum. She left a voicemail, but when I check it all she does is complain about her evening class. I delete it. Make a mental note to call her tonight. Know that I won’t.
We eat outside in the beer garden. Shanti and Fiona’s conversation is an impenetrable mix of gossip, in-jokes and showing each other things on their phones. I sit back, eating in silence.
A gust of wind knocks over a shade umbrella. Bar staff run out to prop it back up, apologising profusely. The wind is getting stronger. It plucks at our hair and clothes.
‘We should head back,’ I say.
On the street, the wind is even worse. It knocks Shanti off balance, and she laughs. Cars race past, throwing up grit from the road. We have to shield our eyes. A piece sails into my mouth. I spit it out, repulsed, and a black object lands in my palm.
Not grit. A fly.
I look up. The air is thick with them. Shanti and Fiona are swarmed.
‘Shanti,’ I call out. ‘Look out!’
She turns to me, still smiling, waving the flies from her face.
She doesn’t look where she’s stepping.
Off the footpath. Onto the road.
The car—
	        —just
		    —clips
			   —her.
But she tumbles. Spinning. Falling. Almost like a dance. Except my stomach is clenched. And I’m twenty-five years ago, on the dark road, with trees either side. And I’m here now screaming Shanti Shanti. The car brakes screech. Fiona cries. The driver yells she just stepped out she just stepped out in front of me. And I’m running to her. And I’m rolling her over. Her eyes are black. There’s blood on her face. And there are flies, flies in her mouth and her hair and her eyelashes. And I know the shadow is back, the shadow is back. I was stupid to think I could ever escape it.
This is my fault. I’ve killed someone again. I should have drowned in the bathtub two weeks ago and brought an end to all this misery.
And then Shanti coughs.
And says ‘shit’.
And I’m laughing because she’s still alive.
50: JANUARY 1994
Phillip nodded along to the tape. I fidgeted nervously in my chair.
‘They’re just demos,’ I explained. ‘But they give you a feel for the new songs.’
‘Don’t sell yourself short,’ he replied. ‘These are great. Ideal bait to catch us a new record contract.’
‘Really?’ I felt relieved. Phillip was the first person to hear the new songs besides Vee and Christian. And although Phillip’s opinion wasn’t exactly unbiased, it was at least from someone outside the tight inner circle of the band. I had no perspective on the songs. They were bound up too closely with my feelings towards Julian.
‘A record contract isn’t much use without a drummer, though,’ I added.
Phillip waved my concern away. ‘Session musicians are cheap. And they don’t throw hissy fits.’
‘It wasn’t a hissy fit,’ I said. ‘Tom was standing up for his principles.’
‘“Principles”,’ said Phillip, ‘is just another word for being broke. We have debts. Big ones. And people are demanding their money. The moment we have a new contract, you need to get straight into the studio. So if you want Tom on the record, you need to persuade him quickly.’
‘Fine,’ I said. ‘I will.’
My boast was hollow, though. Tom wasn’t answering my calls anymore. I’d heard he was playing drums again with other bands.
The tape ended. Phillip nodded again. ‘Bit of a new direction for you, Catherine. Very earthy. Erotic, even. I’m glad your writer’s block is cured.’
He smirked as he said it, and I suddenly knew. The invitation to the cocktail party. The meeting with Julian. The affair. Phillip had set the whole thing up to get me writing again.
‘You bastard,’ I said.
Phillip merely smiled. ‘I do my job, Catherine. Go do yours.’
*
Ring ring. Ring ring. CLICK.
‘This is Tom. I’m not home. Leave a message after the beep.’
Beeeeep.
‘Tom? It’s Cat. Are you there? Please pick up. I’ve been trying to reach you for ages. We’ve written all these new songs and we need you to play on them. Phillip said we should get a session drummer, but the band isn’t the band without you. Call me, Tom. Please? We really need to—’
Beeeeep.
*
An Italian restaurant on Rathdowne Street. Candlelight. Starched white tablecloths. Verdi playing discreetly on the stereo. Vee, Christian and myself sat on one side of the table. Phillip sat on the other next to Melissa, the record executive from Sapphire Records. She poured more red wine into our glasses.
‘Phillip played me your new demo tape,’ she said. ‘Wonderful songs. Just wonderful.’
‘Thanks,’ I answered.
‘People need to hear these songs,’ she continued. ‘It would be such a waste if people couldn’t hear them because your label couldn’t distribute them properly.’
‘We get it,’ I said. ‘You want us to leave Dipstick and sign with Sapphire. You don’t need to lay it on so thick.’
She smiled, caught out. ‘Yes,’ she said. ‘We do. Our offer still stands, you know.’
Her smile was the same reptilian smile the Phillip used. I wondered idly if they had ever slept together. Or would that be a violation of professional ethics? Did record execs even have professional ethics? Melissa looked like she’d had hers surgically removed.
My mind was wondering. I’d had too much to drink. I pulled it back to business.
‘Hang on,’ I said. ‘Your old offer still stands? You’re not offering us more money? We’ve had a hit single since then.’
‘True. But there was also the incident with Rupture. My bosses are worried that you won’t return their investment.’ Melissa daubed apologetically at her mouth with a napkin. ‘Eighty thousand is still a very large advance.’
Phillip shook his head sadly. ‘Catherine’s right, Melissa. We’d need at least a hundred thousand. Anything less is an insult.’
‘I could perhaps go as high as eighty-five. But I’d need to clear it with head office first.’
‘Make it ninety,’ said Christian, ‘And we’ll sign right now.’
Melissa raised an eyebrow at Phillip. He shrugged and nodded. Melissa folded her napkin, slid her briefcase out from under the table, and produced a copy of the contract.
Phillip ate happily as we signed. The negotiations had gone exactly as rehearsed.
*
The Paris Riots were deafening. A crowd of punks moshed around the Arthouse stage, shoving and jumping on top of each other. I stood against the wall, trying to avoid being crushed. Vee danced out from the crowd, covered in sweat and bruises.
‘They sound great!’ she yelled.
I nodded. Of course they sounded great. They had their old drummer back. Vee nodded along, a pot in one hand, loving the music but too intimated by Tom to join in the moshing in front of the stage. I tried to catch Tom’s eye, but he was focused on drumming and didn’t look up.
Later, after their set finished, I climbed up on stage to help him dismantle his kit
‘Leave it,’ he said. ‘I’m fine.’
‘We signed with Sapphire,’ I told him. ‘We start recording as soon as we book a studio.’
‘So?’
‘Come on, Tom. We want you on the record.’
Tom unscrewed his cymbals, wiped them carefully, and slid them into their case. ‘We had a deal.’
‘Vee’s sorry, Tom. It won’t happen again.’
Tom looked up from his cases. Vee still stood up the back of the pub, too afraid to come any closer. They looked at each for a minute.
Then he zipped up his cymbal case and carried it outside.
*
I met Julian for dinner at a Buddhist vegetarian restaurant. He told me anecdotes about his latest trip to China, how he saw dolphins in the Yangtze River, how everyone there hated his wife because she was Japanese.
‘Sorry,’ he said. ‘I suppose I shouldn’t mention her.’
I shrugged and ate my tofu.
‘Are you mad, Catherine?’
‘No,’ I lied. ‘Just thinking about band stuff. Sapphire want us to record the next album up in Sydney so they can keep an eye on us.’
‘You don’t want to go?’
‘I’ve had some bad experiences in Sydney.’ I stirred the rice around in my bowl. ‘Vee wants to go back to Ballarat. Christian wants to go to New York or Vegas.’
‘That’s a long way away. I’d miss you terribly.’
‘I’d miss you, too. But you would have your wife to keep you company.’
‘I thought you weren’t mad,’ he said, smiling.
The food was delicious. We both ate too much. As we staggered out to Julian’s station wagon, an idea occurred to him.
‘I know a place,’ he said. ‘Terra Nullius Studios. It would be perfect, actually.’
‘Terra Nullius?’
‘The owner, Martin, he has a strange sense of humour.’
‘So where is it? Melbourne?’
‘No. Just outside Hobart.’
‘Hobart?’ I pouted. ‘That’s a whole ocean away.’
‘Bass Strait is hardly an ocean.’
‘I was being poetic. I thought you liked poetry.’
‘I despise it, dearest, you know that,’ he teased. ‘But seriously—this studio would be perfect. My friend Martin Wall built it out of an old Federation farmhouse. Sandstone walls, timber frame. There’s a herb garden, and geese. It’s divine. Absolutely divine.’
‘Divine, is it?’ I teased him back. ‘Well in that case, give me this Martin bloke’s number. I’ll call him.’
*
I called Martin the next morning. He was gruff but knowledgeable. We had a lengthy discussion about technical requirements, facilities, and the price. Hiring Terra Nullius would be expensive, but Julian was right: it sounded perfect.
‘The best part,’ I said to Vee and Christian, ‘is we can stay in the farmhouse. No commuting. No hassle. Just a month in the country. Alone. Making music.’
‘It sounds like hell,’ said Christian. ‘Where will we buy booze? Where will we pick up chicks?’
‘They have geese there,’ Vee said. ‘You could trying rooting them.’
He threw his empty beer can at her. She dodged. The can bounced off the wall, and fell to floor where it leaked beer dregs onto the carpet.
‘It sounds great,’ said Vee. ‘Let’s do it.’
‘What about Tom?’ asked Christian.
I sighed. ‘We’ve asked him, and we’ve asked him. I don’t think he’s coming back.’
Glum silence fell over us. Vee scratched her armpit guiltily.
‘I haven’t,’ she said.
‘What?’
‘I haven’t asked him.’ She hunched over. ‘I’m the one that broke his rules. Maybe he’ll listen if I ask.’
‘Maybe,’ I said.
She looked terrified. I didn’t blame her. Tom’s stony wrath was hard to face.
‘Want me to come with you?’ I asked.
Her gratitude was instant. ‘Would you?’
‘Of course.’
‘Me too,’ said Christian. ‘I always wanted to see where Tom lives.’
*
A two-bedroom worker’s cottage in Collingwood. Tom’s van was parked outside. Vee knocked on the door while Christian and I stood behind her, offering support.
Thirty seconds passed, then forty, then we heard footsteps inside and the front door opened. Tom looked at the three of us, face expressionless.
‘Hello,’ said Vee.
Her voice quaked. Tom stared at her, eyes cold. Vee winced from his glare. Took a deep breath. Stood up straight.
‘Can we come in?’ she asked.
He thought for moment, then stepped back to allow us inside. We walked down the narrow corridor to his living room. I caught a glimpse through an open door at his front room, where his drum kit was set up, and the walls hung with blankets to provide soundproofing. We passed the closed door to his bedroom, and stepped down into his living room. It was spartan and neat: two plain black couches, a coffee table made from a wooden door balanced on bricks, tidy stacks of drumming magazines, and a bookcase full of records, all carefully arranged.
‘Coffee?’ Tom asked.
We said yes. He disappeared into the kitchen. The remaining three of us sat down together on the same couch and waited uneasily, until he returned carrying a tray full of mugs. We handed them around, poured milk, stirred in sugar, fussed and fidgeted to try and smooth over the tension. Tom sat on the other couch and frowned at us until we started talking.
Vee cleared her throat.
‘We had a deal,’ she said. ‘We had a deal and I broke it. I’m sorry.’
Tom said nothing.
Vee pressed on. ‘I know I fucked up. And I know I need to fix it. So it won’t happen again. I promise.’
‘You already made a promise,’ said Tom. ‘Look how well that went.’
Vee flinched, stung. I sat forward. ‘Vee came here in good faith, Tom.’
‘It’s not just Vee,’ Tom said. ‘You think I haven’t seen all those joints you lot smoke? Or that black lily you took up in Sydney? I’m not stupid, Cat.’
‘Fucking hell, Tom,’ said Christian. ‘We smoked a few joints. So what? What the fuck is your problem with that?’
Tom glared at him, and I grew worried that he was going to attack Christian. Instead, he took a long sip from his coffee mug and started talking.
‘You’ve seen where I grew up,’ he said.
‘Cold Hill? Yeah.’
‘I left when I was sixteen. I had to get out, or that place would have killed me.’ He stared at his coffee, organising his thoughts. ‘My dad was a drummer, back in the Seventies. Blues band. The Petrol Pumpers.’
He ran his thumb along the knuckles of his other hand.
‘They sacked him because he was always too drunk to play. So he sat around all day drinking, then he’d go out and start fights. He’d come home after midnight, caked in other people’s blood.’
‘Jesus.’
‘Like father, like son, yeah? I started drinking when I was twelve. Taking drugs. Fighting. Everyone wanted a go at old man Balloch’s poofter son.’
He paused to sip his coffee. His eyes looked away.
‘Music saved me. Gave me something to live for. Black Flag. The Dead Kennedys. They told me there was a world outside Cold Hill. I got sober. Fucked off to Melbourne. Never looked back.’
‘Tom…’ I said.
He put down his coffee mug and stared straight at Vee.
‘This is life and death for me,’ he told her. ‘No drugs. No timewasters. You want to fuck around, go for it. But don’t drag me into your shit. I’ve been there and I’m never going back. I’m here to make music.’
Vee sat up straight and stared back at him. ‘I’m here to make music too.’
Tom’s eyes bored into her, pitiless. Vee gazed back. The two of them sat like that for what felt like hours. Finally, Tom nodded.
‘One more chance,’ he said. ‘Stuff this up, and I’m gone.’
*
We had a week before we had to leave for Tasmania. But I couldn’t wait. I wanted us to record something straight away, to celebrate getting back together. We booked a day in a Melbourne studio and recorded ‘Bloodwood’. Pleased, Sapphire paid for a daytrip out to the Dandenong Ranges to shoot a video. A bushfire had burnt through the area recently, and the trees were stark and black. The photographer dared Vee to take her clothes off, and the photo of her nude against the ash-barked trees became the cover for our next single.
MEMORABILIA #8
The Stray Swans
‘Bloodwood’
Sapphire
A radical change of direction for Melbourne grunge band the Stray Swans. This new single is very dubby, very dark and brooding. It reminds me a lot of the opening riff to Jane’s Addiction’s ‘Three Days’. It’s kind of sexy, kind of stoner. The best thing about this new single, though, is the black and white nude photo on the cover. Damn Vee has nice boobs.
Single: 3 1/2 stars
Boobs: 5 stars
51: NOW
The ambulance takes forever.
I hold one of Shanti’s hands. Fiona holds the other. We tell her she’ll be okay, that she’s safe, that her friends and family love her. I wave the flies away. The ambulance finally comes. And then everything is a blur as the ambos take over.
Suddenly we’re at the hospital. Nurses and doctors surround her. Someone tells me a diagnosis. Fractured pelvis. Concussion. Abrasions. Her parents arrive. I tell them what I can. Her father frowns at me.
‘You were at a pub?’
‘We just had burgers.’
Shanti lies in her ward bed, turtle-eyed from painkillers. Her family surround her. Shield her. Cut me out.
I drift. The hospital feels hushed, isolated. Rubber floors and recycled air. I wash my face in the ladies. I look so old. The fluorescent lights hum and buzz.
I step out into a brightly-lit corridor.
I step out into a darkened cave.
A bored orderly pushes a meal trolley past me.
There is nothing here except rocks and scattered bones.
I close my eyes, keeping the two worlds merged. And I hear it: the white noise of flies. The static of despair.
‘Come on,’ I say. ‘Come and get me.’
A droning. A throb. Then a thousand diseased wings flying away.
I open my eyes. The orderly is looking at me strangely. I smile at him. He shakes his head and pushes his trolley towards the lifts.
*
Monday. Harrowfield. Four days to go.
‘My office,’ says the Head of Maths. ‘Now.’
I follow. His office is regimentally neat. Leather armchair. Assignments lined up in folders. A painting of the Queen behind his desk.
I never belonged here.
‘Shanti Navaratnam,’ he says. ‘Her father said you took her to a pub.’
‘For burgers.’
‘Miss Navaratnam is a minor, Miss St. James. And you are her teacher. This is completely unacceptable. Never mind the legalities, think of the reputation of the school.’
‘We just had burgers.’
‘You had burgers. In a pub. With a student. Who was subsequently hit by a car. Her father is threatening a lawsuit. What on earth were you even doing with her on a Sunday?’
‘I was helping her. With her music.’
‘Was this an approved school activity? No. Were other adults present? No. I repeat, Catherine, what on earth were you thinking? You’re a maths teacher. Not a record producer.’
‘No,’ I say quietly.
‘I’m glad you agree with me. You are on probation, Miss St. James. Starting immediately.’
‘No,’ I say again, louder. ‘I meant no, I’m not a maths teacher. Not anymore. Certainly not here. I quit.’
‘Petulance will not help you, Catherine.’
‘I’m not being petulant. I quit. My father was the maths teacher. Not me. If anything, I should be teaching guitar. I’ll talk to Mister Navaratnam. I’ll explain it wasn’t the school’s fault. But I quit. I’m gone. I can’t do this anymore.’
I stand up. I leave. The Head of Maths yells at me, but his voice sounds very far away. The sky is dense with clouds as I walk down the gravel driveway towards the pines one final time. They’re predicting storms later in the week. Black trees and lightning snakes. I have that feeling again, of an enormous electrical charge building and building, of the walls between worlds stretching thin.
Footsteps on the gravel behind me. Someone running. Fiona catches up to me, panting.
‘Where are you going?’
‘I’ve quit.’
‘You can’t quit,’ she says. ‘You’re our best teacher.’
‘Thank you,’ I say. ‘But there are better teachers here. Much, much better than me.’
‘What about our band? And the reunion?’
‘I don’t think your parents would let you come anymore.’
‘But…’
I squeeze her shoulder. ‘You’ll be fine, Fiona. Practice. Learn everything you can. Music is hard, but it’s worth it.’
‘Can we call you?’
I feel the charge in the air. Growing. Dangerous.
‘It might be safer if you don’t.’
‘Safer?’
‘I meant better. Go back to class, Fiona. Give my love to Shanti.’
Hair falls across Fiona’s face, hiding her expression. I wave goodbye. Then I walk down the driveway and out through the wrought iron gates of Harrowfield Girls Grammar, determined never to return.
MEMORABILIA #9
dear cat,
i’m going to hide this note in your guitar case. knowing you, you dag, you won’t find it until we’ve finished the new album and are all back home in melbourne.
we’re making a new album! how exciting is that? this is real. this is actually happening. we’re making a second album!
remember that night we first met? i never told you this, but i was kind of scared of you that night. i mean, you were such a good guitar player, and i really, really wanted to sing with you. but i thought there was no way someone that good would want to play with a dickhead like me.
i’m glad i was wrong.
because when we’re playing… it’s like all the fear goes away, and all the pain goes away, and there’s nothing left inside of me but light.
i know i’ve done some stupid things, and you’re probably still mad at me. but i wanted to thank you for everything we’ve made together.
so thank you for wanting to play with me.
let’s go make an album.

—love always,
vee
52: FEBRUARY 1994
We loaded a small convoy onto the trans-Tasman ferry. Tom’s van was filled with suitcases and gear. Christian filled his Kingswood’s back seat with slabs of VB.
‘I don’t trust those Tasmanians,’ he said.
‘They brew some of the best beer in the country,’ I said.
‘I don’t bloody trust them.’
The overnight boat trip was rough. We had saved money by not buying cabins, so we rugged up in the main lounge, feeling every rise and slump of the sea. Vee turned green, ran outside, and vomited over the side. I patted her back while she clung to the railings.
The water was black and violent. I missed Julian desperately.
Morning came. We docked in Devonport and drove down the east coast towards Hobart. There was roadkill all the way down—dead wombats, pademelons, possums. Ravens picked at the bloody carcasses.
We stopped at Oatlands, and had scones and tea in a tiny café overlooking the mill. Three old ladies in faded cardigans were in there too, and they kept looking at us sideways. We must have looked like aliens to them, with our ripped jeans and our combat boots and our strangely coloured hair.
More driving. Vee put Sonic Youth in the tape player and we sang along with Kim Gordon as the hills and forests and freeways slipped past.
‘Look,’ she said. ‘Poppies!’
There were vast fields of them, petals opening to drink the sun.
‘Opium poppies,’ I said. ‘They use them to make morphine.’ And I flashed back: Sydney, the tour bus, Vee’s narcotic slumber, a tooth sliding down the window in a smear of blood. Then I thought about the bass line for ‘Bloodwood’, the way it coiled in the air like smoke.
The album was going to be great. I could feel it in my blood.
*
Vee misread the map. We drove past the turn-off, had to circle back. Tom’s van struggled on the dirt road.
‘There!’ said Vee. ‘I can see the fence.’
A sign hung on the wooden railings: TERRA NULLIUS STUDIOS—SHUT THE BLOODY GATE. We drove up to the main farmhouse. It was exactly as Julian said—cream-coloured sandstone, soft with age. The door opened and a couple walked out to greet us. The man—Martin, I assumed—was short, Indigenous, pot-bellied, with waist-length brown hair and a giant dark grey beard. He was wearing a flannel shirt and gumboots. His wife was tanned and apple-faced. A couple of kids in ratty jumpers ran around the yard chasing the geese.
‘Hey,’ he said as I climbed out. ‘I’m Martin. This is Emma.’
‘Hello Martin.’ I stretched, breathed deeply. The air smelt of lavender and manure. ‘This place is amazing.’
‘Yeah. Got sick of the city. No place for the kids, you know? Speaking of which…’ He pointed at the children. ‘Rakali. Quoll.’
I laughed. ‘You named you kids after native rats?’
‘Seemed appropriate, the little terrors.’ He roared at them and the children squealed in delight.
Vee stepped out from the van. The geese immediately turned on her, hissing and threatening her with their wings. Martin swung a gumboot at them. ‘Get off!’ he yelled. ‘Bugger off!’
Vee laughed nervously. Emma took her hand. ‘Come inside. Have a drink.’
Tom and Christian introduced themselves. Christian lifted a slab out from his back seat, and Martin laughed.
‘You won’t need that piss here, mate,’ he said. ‘Let me show you the homebrew.’
*
We had a late lunch and then Martin showed us around. The main farmstead was set up like a guesthouse. We each had our own rooms, a communal kitchen, a library where we could relax. Martin and his family lived in a separate building that used to be the farmhand’s quarters. The studio was in the old milking shed.
It looked more like a church. Wooden floors. Timber beams. Stone walls. There were velvet curtains to dampen the sound, a huge multitrack set up in a glass noiseproof control booth, black iron candelabras hanging from the ceiling. A side room was full of folk instruments: congas, bodhrans, Appalachian dulcimers, bamboo flutes.
‘It’s beautiful,’ I said.
Vee stood in a patch of sunlight and sang a note. She slid it up until she found the resonant frequency, and the walls sang warmly back.
Martin nodded, impressed.
*
Everyone gathered in the farmhouse kitchen for dinner. Emma cooked, good rustic food: pumpkin soup, roast vegetables, fennel salad, pork sausages for the meat eaters, stuffed mushrooms for me.
‘Don’t expect this every night,’ Martin said amiably. ‘Emma does a shopping run twice a week, but you bastards can cook for yourselves. And if you make a mess of my kitchen, you bloody well clean it up.’
Tom nodded. ‘Fair enough.’
Christian lay down on the woven rug in front of the open fire and wrestled with the kids. Vee stepped outside to smoke and I joined her.
‘Glad I brought my coat,’ she said. The night air was cold down here, much colder than in Melbourne.
We stood for a minute, admiring the silence and the brilliant stars. Then the geese sneaked up on us and chased us back inside.
*
‘Right,’ said Martin. ‘Let’s do some work.’
It was the next morning. We’d unpacked our instruments, set them all up in the studio, miked everything up. Christian passed around mugs of tea. Martin perched behind his mixing desk like a wizard at his grimoire.
‘What we’re going to do is this: you’re going to play a song. I’m going to record it. Then I’m going to rip it into little pieces and rebuild it so it’s brilliant. Sound like a plan?’
‘Sounds like a plan,’ I agreed.
We recorded ‘Persephone’. Something happy and Beatles-esque. Martin threw the devil’s horns when we finished and then he fiddled with levels.
‘Again,’ he said. ‘Only faster. Louder. And good.’
53: NOW
Monday night. Our third-last rehearsal.
The drums pound. The bass rumbles. The guitar growls and sings. The séance with the four-track has changed us. There’s an urgency to our playing now. A desperate sense of purpose. A few of the Rook and Castle bar staff sneak off from their duties to watch us play.
‘You sound amazing,’ says Waaberi.
‘We’re getting there,’ I reply. ‘We still have a lot more work to do.’
*
A lot more work to do.
Christian sleeps in late Tuesday morning. I don’t wake him. I haven’t told him yet that I quit my job. There are a dozen angry voicemails on my phone from the Head of Maths. They can wait. All I care about now is the reunion, and bringing Vee back.
I head into town. On Smith Street, I find a record store that sells me a vintage Bikini Kill t-shirt, and another store where I buy a pair of cherry red Docs. I probably look ridiculous, an old lady trying to dress like a teenager from twenty-five years ago. I don’t care. Ritual magic requires ritual clothing.
On the street, I see grunge girls everywhere. Tattoo chokers. Velvet skirts. Black lipstick and John Lennon sunglasses. Fashion revivals run on a twenty year cycle. The rebellion of my youth is now retro.
I pass flyers for the Stray Swans reunion sticky-taped to the light poles. The flyers are beautiful. Christian’s graphic designer in St Kilda has done an amazing job.
I hope it’s good enough. I hope people will come.
My phone rings. I go to send the call to voicemail, thinking it’s the Head of Maths again, until I see the caller ID. Artists Services. Phillip.
‘Hello?’ I answer.
‘Cat! This is Geneva. From Artists Services? We met last week.’
‘I remember. Are you okay? You sound like you’ve been crying.’
‘I’m fine. Phillip asked me to call you. He wants to meet. Today, if possible. Actually, he says it’s kind of urgent. Like, I-can-pick-you-up-in-the-car urgent.’
‘That sounds ominous.’
‘He’s… He’s pretty angry, yeah.’
‘At me? How nice. He can join the queue.’
‘He really needs to talk to you. Are you free this evening?’
‘I’m free right now, if he is. I’m on Smith Street.’
‘Okay. I’ll be there in twenty minutes.’
I hang up. Great. Another angry man I have to face down. This is starting to feel like a fairytale: The Three Angry Ogres.
The moment I make the joke I realise who the third ogre is. Of course. It’s obvious. Tomorrow, though. I need to deal with Phillip first.
I buy a coffee while I wait.
*
Twenty minutes later a tank-sized black Bentley pulls up beside me on the curb. I climb into the passenger seat. Geneva is bent over the steering wheel. Her eyes are red.
‘Was Phillip shouting at you?’ I ask her.
She shakes her head, not so much as denial as an attempt to convince herself it doesn’t matter. The gesture gives her away. She’s sleeping with Phillip. That’s exactly the sort of sleaze he is.
We drive in silence to the Artists Services office. Geneva leads me upstairs to the meeting room, then vanishes. Phillip sits on the far side of the polished table, typing on his laptop.
‘Catherine,’ he says without looking up.
I sit down. ‘Phillip.’
‘How are you?’
‘Good. Does your wife know you’re screwing your receptionist?’
‘What makes you think my wife would object? What makes you think my wife is not an active participant?’ He finishes typing with a dramatic flourish and looks up. ‘Shall we begin?’
‘If we must.’
‘I had a phone call this morning. From Sapphire Records. Their lawyers are not very pleased.’
‘The Bandcamp page.’
‘Yes. Two hundred hits. Which means two hundred customers who are not buying the record.’
‘That’s bullshit. Sapphire do not even sell the record anymore.’
‘Perhaps not. But they own the rights to do so. And they defend those rights enthusiastically.’
‘We’ll take it down Friday. After the gig.’
‘This isn’t a negotiation, Catherine. It’s already down. They filed a copyright notice this morning. I’m more concerned about the legal fallout.’
‘They’re suing us?’
‘Not you. You don’t earn enough. But a successful management agency…’
‘What do you want me to do about it?’
‘Sapphire have the whimsical notion that I still represent your band. Clearly nonsense. But what with the tragic passing of your singer, the paperwork was never quite finalised.’
He slides a sheet of paper towards me across the lake-like table. A cessation of contract.
‘Fine,’ I say. ‘Whatever. Do I sign it in blood?’
‘Biro will be adequate.’
I scrawl my signature along the bottom and slide the paper back.
‘Thank you,’ says Phillip.
He turns back to his laptop, dismissing me. But I sit there. Arms crossed. Glaring at him. A thought has snagged in my brain like a fishhook.
‘Geneva,’ I say. ‘She’s tall. Blonde. Skinny.’
‘We’re finished,’ says Phillip mildly.
‘And your wife. She was a tall, skinny blonde too.’
‘If you need a lift home, reception will sort you out.’
‘Tall. Skinny. Blonde. Just like Vee.’
He finally looks up. His eyes are as cold as a crocodile’s.
‘Do you have a type, Phillip?’ I ask him. ‘Were you fucking Vee?’
The crocodile eyes blink. ‘Would it be any of your business, if I were?’
‘She was my friend.’
‘And then you killed her.’
‘You’re a creep, Phillip. An arsehole and a creep.’
‘And you are a naïve little girl. Have you actually considered what will happen, if your quest succeeds?’
‘I get my best friend back.’
‘Is that what you think will happen? The two of you reunited? The idiot and the corpse? The dead stay dead, little schoolteacher. If they didn’t, there are plenty more deserving of life than Vee.’
‘Fuck you, Phillip.’
‘No thank you. You’re not my type.’
I storm out. But one more question stops me at the doorway. It’s stupid. I should let it go. But I have to ask.
‘Did you actually think we were good?’ I ask him. ‘Or was all that just bullshit to get into Vee’s pants?’
Phillip smiles. He holds up the document I just signed. ‘We’re finished, Catherine. It’s been a pleasure.’
The lift hisses down. The posters in the foyer sway in my wake. Geneva offers me a lift, but I keep walking.
‘You can do better,’ I tell her over my shoulder. ‘You can do a thousand times better than him.’
54: FEBRUARY 1994
Days followed days, breathing music.
Martin was a perfectionist. He hated laziness, apathy, anything derivative. He worked us hard, and I loved it. My fingers ached, my ears buzzed, and we argued endlessly over details. How much delay should that echo have? Should Vee’s vocals be intimate and warm, or cold and bleak? Should the bass play that intro riff once or twice before the drums kick in?
It was work. Real work. But at the end of the day Martin would play the results back to us, and we could hear the achievement. The new album was going to be great.
I missed Julian, but that was a good thing. I could focus my lust, pour it into my playing.
Tom and Martin got on like brothers. They would sit up late at night in front of the fire, talking about bands and venues and instruments. Christian loved playing with the kids but rapidly grew bored by the routine. And the geese hated Vee for some reason. One bit her so badly Emma had to drive her into Hobart for stitches.
*
Night.
Martin and I were alone in the studio working on ‘Breath to Breath’.
When I wrote it, I heard it in my head as a lush, scratchy, Massive Attack-style song. But Martin was stripping that away, turning it into something sparse and acoustic.
‘The bass is too busy,’ said Martin. ‘Get Christian.’
It was raining outside. I ran up the brick path to the farmhouse. Christian’s room was empty. So was the library. Tom and Vee were in the kitchen, making pizzas for dinner.
‘You seen Christian?’ I asked them.
‘He went into town,’ said Vee. ‘He wanted to see some band.’
‘What? Crap. We need him to play bass.’
Tom shrugged. ‘Just play it yourself.’
He was right. I ran back to the studio through the rain.
*
The Kingswood growled up the driveway around 3 am, waking me from sleep. The car door slammed and Christian swore at the geese. He was frowning at breakfast the next day.
‘You okay?’ I asked, sliding a plate of scrambled eggs towards him.
‘I almost hit this dog last night. Just appeared on the road in front of me.’
‘Sure it wasn’t a wombat?’ asked Emma. ‘We get a lot them around here.’
‘It was a dog,’ Christian insisted. ‘Huge. Big as a horse.’
‘Horse!’ repeated Emma’s son, spraying his mouthful of porridge everywhere.
‘Eat up, Christian,’ I said. ‘We need you in the studio.’
*
The second week ended. ‘Band meeting,’ said Martin. ‘Studio. Now.’
We filed in. He sat behind the mixing desk and flexed his fingers.
‘Ladies and bloody gentlemen. Welcome to halfway through your next album.’
He hit play.
It was rough. But the shape was there. Different from the first album: less rock, more atmospheric. Bits of it startled me—the hair-raising chorus on ‘Split Me’, the backmasked guitar solo on ‘Persephone’.
‘Thoughts?’ he asked when he finished.
Vee nodded, eyes bright. Everyone else was silent.
‘Come on, people. This is your album here. Tell me what you bloody think.’
‘It’s awesome,’ said Christian. ‘Can we go home now?’
‘It’s good,’ I said. ‘It’s great, even. But there’s something missing. It needs some… balance or something.’
‘It needs some less depressing songs,’ said Christian.
‘Bingo,’ said Martin. ‘You’ve got a lot of nice little mood pieces. What you don’t have yet is a single.’ He looked meaningfully at me.
‘Yeah,’ I said. ‘Okay. I’ll get writing.’
*
I took an acoustic guitar up the hill and lay down in the grass. Martin was right. The songs we’d written were repetitive, stuck at mid-tempo. I thought I was being sexy. Instead, I was just being dull. All build-up with no release.
We needed some rockers. We needed a single. And we only had two weeks left at the studio to write and record it.
I strummed three chords: A minor, G, F. ‘Stairway to Heaven’. ‘All Along the Watchtower’. I tried different rhythms, different timings.
Nothing came.
*
There was still plenty of other work to do. Martin’s process was to record quick and dirty versions of each song, then slowly refine them. We overdubbed guitars, added harmony vocals, redid drum beats.
I couldn’t concentrate. I needed to write and I couldn’t. I was blank.
Vee found me in the studio late at night, headphones on and hunched over my guitar, sadly turning knobs on my range of distortion pedals.
‘Play me something,’ she said
‘I can’t, stretch. I’ve got nothing.’
She rolled her eyes and headbutted me in the shoulder. ‘Play me something. Anything.’
I unplugged the headphones, adjusted my stomp boxes. Played the opening chords to ‘Kool Thing’.
‘Yeah!’ said Vee. She leapt up to her feet and grabbed a microphone.
Noise. Shouting. Cleansing anger. It felt calming. Better.
Now I just needed to write something that good.
*
‘Catherine! Lovely of you to call. How are you?’
‘Crap, actually, Julian.’
‘Really? What’s wrong?’
‘I’m blocked. I need to write more songs and I’m blocked.’
‘Hmm. Well, they say plagiarism is the sincerest form of flattery.’
‘Very funny.’
‘Sorry. I can send you the Oblique Strategies, if that will help?’
‘I need to see you.’
‘Ah. Yes. Mayumi says hello.’
‘It’s only an hour by plane. You could fly down, shag me in the airport loo, and be back in Melbourne by lunchtime.’
‘Cat…’
‘Come down, Julian. Please.’
‘Cat, I should go. I’ll see you soon.’
‘Julian—’
‘Goodnight, Cat.’
*
After breakfast, Emma tapped me on the shoulder. ‘Come for a walk,’ she said.
The day was cold. Wind blew clouds in from the south. Christian was playing cricket with the kids on the lawn. Emma handed me a pair of gardening gloves and some secateurs.
‘I thought we were going for a walk,’ I said.
‘Don’t worry. There’ll be plenty of walking.’
She led me past the permaculture vegetable garden, through the fruit orchard, and down to the hawthorn fence.
‘Needs a trim,’ she said. ‘Give me a hand?’
The manual labour was calming. We chatted as we cut the spindly bushes back.
‘Martin used to be a punk,’ she said.
‘Really?’
‘Oh yes. He had the leather jacket, the purple hair. We were part of the same anarchist cell. We were plotting to blow up a bank. ASIO even bugged our squat.’
‘You’re joking. What happened?’
‘We fell in love.’ She put her secateurs down. ‘There. That will do. Help me bundle this up.’
We wrapped the twigs in thick twine. I went to carry the bundle back to the house.
‘Wait a moment,’ Emma said. ‘Martin played me the album. It’s very good.’
‘It’s not finished yet.’
‘No. He said you still need your single. How’s it coming?’
I shook my head.
‘Look. This might help, it might not. The choice is up to you. But…’
She pulled off her gloves, reached into her pocket, handed something to me—a dried black petal in a tiny ziplock bag.
*
I sat on the hillside looking at the bag.
Tom would kill me if he knew I was even thinking about taking its contents. Memories came back to me: Hyde Park, the dead swan. Vee in back of the Rupture tour bus. Tom’s anger. The band falling apart.
I didn’t want to take the drug. I didn’t want to risk all that again.
And there was no guarantee that it would even work. Drugs weren’t my muse. Julian was.
But I was blocked. The fear was back, choking me under the pressure. All my skill, all my talent, all my love of music—it all meant nothing. I wasn’t good enough to do this by myself. I needed something to get me writing.
Julian was back in Melbourne with his wife and daughters. I was here, alone, on a hillside in Tasmania with a petal of black lily in my hand.
The choice is up to you, Emma said.
But it wasn’t my choice, was it?
Time was running out. We needed a single. And it was up to me to write it. I made my choices long ago, back in the Rook and Castle, in West Brunswick, up the top end of Bourke Street late at night the first time I heard Vee sing. All my choices brought me here.
I wanted to live for music? Well, time to pay the price. Drugs worked for Hendrix. They might work for me.
I folded the plastic bag carefully in half, and hid it deep in my pockets.
That night: I kicked the others out of the studio. Martin set the tapes running, turned the lights out, and left. The empty studio felt like a cave. I programmed a fast beat into the drum machine. Turned up the distortion on my guitar. Knelt on the floor, eyes closed.
And placed the entire petal on my tongue.
55: NOW
The Tuesday night rehearsal is snarling and loud. But it feels hollow. It’s just noise. All volume, no heart. We can make it through the songs perfectly well. But we’re not a band, yet. We’re not together. And we need to be if this is going to work.
My fingers ache. My wrist throbs. I keep thinking about Phillip and Vee. She was my best friend. Why didn’t she tell me?
Rehearsal ends.
‘We’ve sold some presales,’ says Tom. ‘Not many, though. About twenty.’
‘But people will buy tickets on the door, won’t they?’ asks Christian.
Tom shrugs. ‘Depends.’
I massage my wrist. ‘Sapphire shut down the Bandcamp page. Can we put the albums up somewhere else? YouTube or something?’
‘We can,’ says Christian. ‘But they’ll just take it down again.’
‘Do it.’
‘You sure?’
‘Yes.’
We pack our gear away. One more rehearsal to go.
*
Wednesday morning. I set out early to visit Shanti in hospital. An elderly relative in a faded sari sits beside her hospital bed, reading a Harry Potter book out loud. The old woman sees me as I approach, and waves me away.
‘You!’ she says. ‘No! Not you!’
Shanti intervenes. ‘Leave her alone, aachchi. I want to see her.’
The old woman grumbles, aggressively inserts a bookmark into her book, and sits with her arms folded, glaring up at me while I talk to Shanti.
Shanti sits up in her bed. There are scabs down the side of her face. Bruises on her arms. A saline drip runs into her wrist.
‘You look terrible,’ I tell her.
She laughs. ‘But I get to miss school, so it’s worth it. Fiona said you quit?’
‘The school would have fired me anyway.’
‘That sucks. It wasn’t your fault.’
‘It was, Shanti. I shouldn’t have taken you to the pub. And there were other reasons. It’s complicated.’
She makes a face. ‘Did you see my wheelchair?’
A hospital-issue chair sits by her beside. It’s exactly like the one I was in after the crash.
‘Very nice,’ I say.
‘Nah, it’s ugly. I wanted one of those cool black racing ones, but the doctors say I’ll be walking in a few days.’
‘Well that’s good.’
‘I guess. I’ll miss your show, though. Fiona’s parents won’t let her go either.’
I’m aware of her grandmother’s eyes boring into me.
‘Maybe it’s for the best, Shanti.’
Shanti shrugs. Silence spreads out through the ward.
‘Listen,’ I say. ‘I need to get going. I just wanted to visit you, since I don’t think I’ll get time tomorrow.’
‘Sure.’
‘Take care, Shanti. I’ll see you around.’
‘Whatever.’
The grandmother’s eyes bore into me as I leave. Once I’m in the corridor, she coughs and resumes her reading.
*
Things to do…
I catch the train into Flinders Street. Change platforms. Catch a different train out. The morning sky is white hot as I ride out to Dandenong. The other passengers slump in their seats, sweating and pale. The train rattles and creaks in the heat.
I think about Vee. I think about Phillip. I think about Rusty, and about Hammer. Fury coils inside me.
The train pulls into Dandenong Station. I walk up the road, remembering. Here: this is the spot where I fell over and broke my guitar. Over there: Vee ran up to me from there. I check the map on my phone. Yes. That’s her side street.
I walk down it, past neat suburban houses, muscle cars parked in the drives. The lawns are mowed. Dead leaves are raked into neat piles. A quiet street. Safe.
I reach the address. A two-storey weatherboard house, the white wood panels turning yellow with age. A German Shepherd sits in the front yard, tied to a post with a length of chain. It watches me climb the veranda steps, more bored than aggressive.
I ring the doorbell. Wait. The dog tries to lope up to me but the chain is too short. Footsteps inside. The door opens. A man peers at me through the flyscreen door.
‘Hello?’
He looks in his early seventies. Strands of grey hair have been Brylcreemed across his bald patch. He’s wearing a short-sleeve shirt the colour of old coffee stains, and socks under his sandals. His eyes are grey. An unmistakable grey.
‘Mister South?’ I say. ‘My name is Catherine St. James. I was in a band with your daughter.’
He looks me up and down. ‘You were driving. The night she died.’
‘Yes. I was.’
‘I’ve got nothing to say to you.’
He shuts the door. I block it with my hand. That startles him. Emotion flashes across his face: fear, guilt, panic. He glares at me. I glare back. His fear wrestles with my fury.
‘Let me in, Mister South.’
The fury wins. His shoulders slump. He lets go of the door, and steps back.
‘Come into the sitting room,’ he says. ‘I’ll put the kettle on.’
He leads me down a dark corridor lined with family photos and portraits of saints. We walk into a small living room, yellowing lace doilies on the armrests of the sofa, a hulking old cathode-ray TV in the corner. And even more family photos, frames propped up on every surface.
‘Take a seat,’ he says.
I sit and look over the photos while he rattles around in the kitchen. There’s a photo on the TV that catches my eye: a much younger Mr South, arm around his striking blonde wife, eight or nine children lined up in front on them as if for a school portrait. The youngest is a rangy tomboy, her blonde hair tangled and wild.
Oh Vee. You never could use a comb.
A kettle boils and clicks off. Mr South walks back into the living room carrying a tarnished silver tray with a chipped porcelain tea set on top. He sets it down on the side table. The picture frames rattle.
‘Milk?’
‘Black is fine, thank you.’
The anger sits poised inside me, as cold and elegant as a switchblade.
‘Here, then.’ He pours me a cup and passes it over. Then he pours himself a cup too, and we sit in dusty silence.
‘Is Missus South home?’ I ask.
‘My wife passed away four years ago. Breast cancer. Horrible business.’
‘I’m sorry to hear that. And your other children?’
‘Gone. Moved out. Daisy visits me on weekends, but mostly it’s just me here now.’
I nod at the portraits. ‘I noticed you don’t have any later photos of Vee. I have some great live shots I could copy for you.’
‘No thanks.’ His face is stony. My anger grins and presses on.
‘Or there are the professional portraits we had done. Some of them are quite beautiful.’
His cup drops into its saucer. ‘I said no.’
‘But, Mister South,’ I say, needling him, ‘she’s your daughter. Aren’t you proud of what she did?’
‘Proud? Proud?’ He holds up picture of Vee in a white lace Confirmation dress. ‘This is my daughter. This here. Not some slut, out drinking and chasing boys. Not some wild monster with green hair.’
‘I’m sorry to disagree with you, Mister South. But that green hair was who she really was.’
His eyes narrow. ‘What are you after? Why are you here?’
‘Her dresses,’ I answer. ‘I need one of her dresses. Someone took her clothes from our house after she died. I assume it was you?’
‘That tat? All full of holes? I burnt them.’
But his eyes shift sideways, and I know he’s lying.
‘One dress,’ I tell him. ‘Then I’ll leave you alone with your house and your photographs and your misery.’
His teacup trembles in his clenched first.
‘Get out!’ he growls. ‘Get out now.’
I place my teacup back on the silver platter. I stare him coldly in the eye.
‘She showed me the scars, you know. On her legs. The ones she made with her cigarettes after you visited her in her room.’
He says nothing. He struggles to match my gaze.
‘What did you do to her, Mister South?’ I ask him. ‘Why was she so scared of you?’
He leaps up, furious. His hand swings back to slap me.
‘Try it,’ I say.
He hears the anger in my voice. The hatred. The contempt. His hand stops. Hesitates. Falls to his side.
‘Get out,’ he says again. But his voice is hollow.
‘No.’ I stand up slowly, squaring my shoulders. ‘I came for Vee’s things. I’m taking them.’
For a moment he looks as if he’ll try to stop me. But he steps back. His eyes are wet. He can’t look at me. I walk out into the hallway and climb the stairs.
*
Up the creaking wooden staircase. Past doors than haven’t been opened in years. The smell of dust and mould hangs in the air. Fly spots bloom across the wallpaper like cancer.
Second door on the right. Painted nametag: VIOLET, surrounded by tiny blue flowers. I open the door.
A little girl’s room. Pink duvet on the bed. Lace curtains on the windows. Rows of stuffed toy animals staring blankly down from the bookshelves. Everything brown with dust.
The walls are lined with drawings.
Starting from primary school, brightly coloured crayon scrawls. Then texta stick figures and scribbled trees. Biro cats. Pencil horses, carefully copied from photographs. Coloured pencil flowers, obsessive in their detail. A charcoal kookaburra, dead snake hanging from its beak. And finally portraits of her brothers and sisters.
The line work is crude and proportions are bent, but every drawing is full of love. She loved her brothers and sisters. I never knew that. After she moved out, she never spoke to anyone from her family again.
With a sickening lurch I realise why: her father wouldn’t let them talk to her. He didn’t want her to infect them.
I feel like I’m going to throw up. I open the window and swallow lungfuls of hot summer air. The kookaburra looks at me, death in its mouth.
I pull the drawings down and stuff them into my backpack. Then I ransack the wardrobe. Behind the old school uniforms and the children’s skirts and the white lace Confirmation dress preserved in plastic wrap, I find a half-full garbage bag.
The last of her possessions. I dive into them.
Mixtapes. CDs. Copies of her old zines. Tattered bras. Op-shop floral dresses. Underpants with holes in them. And right down the bottom, a pot of green hair dye.
The dog barks outside. Then a car revs and pulls away. I push Vee’s belongings back into the garbage bag and carry it down to the ground floor.
The front door is open. Mr South’s cup lies on the floor, his tea soaking into the carpet. But he’s gone. A fly bangs lazily against the window.
Something bad happened here. I can feel it, staining the bones of the house the way the tea stains the carpet. There was so much you never told, Vee. I hope I can fix that.
I leave the door open as I go. The dog looks up at me as I pass, but it’s too morose to bark.
One more thing to do.
56: FEBRUARY 1994
In the darkness. In the night. In the no-man’s-land between the present and the past. Clouds race across the sky. Ravens caw. A swarm of flies hover over the gravel road, and twist into the shape of an enormous dog.
Tomorrow, it whispers. We take her from you tomorrow.
*
Vee woke me the next day. I was sprawled on the studio floor, guitar still strapped in place, feedback humming low. My head ached. The cold had seeped into my muscles. I had a jumbled memory of a dream—some clouds? a road?—but it dissolved as I climbed up to my feet. Vee led me inside, fed me hot tea, and helped me to bed.
*
I woke for the second time late in the afternoon. The farmhouse was empty. I made myself some toast, but could only eat a couple of bites.
I was afraid to go back to the studio.
I hid in the library. There was a book of Ted Hughes poems, and I pretended to read them. Tom found me just before dinner-time.
‘We thought you were still asleep,’ he said. ‘Come have a listen.’
He must have seen the fear on my face. ‘Come on,’ he insisted.
I followed him meekly to the studio. The rest of the band were sitting in the control room with Martin. Some weird nervous energy was buzzing between them that I was too sleep-addled to interpret.
‘Hey hey hey,’ said Christian. ‘It’s Fiona bloody Horne.’
Vee laughed. I frowned, confused. Martin waved me over, made me sit down next to him.
‘Basically,’ he said, ‘you vomited music all over the tape last night, and we’ve spent all day sifting through your mess for the gold.’
‘Play the song,’ said Vee. ‘Stop teasing her and play the song.’
Martin rewound the tape. Pressed play.
Machine-gun drum machine. Bass spiralling downwards like a dive-bomber. Live drums pounding like armies marching. And then the guitar kicks in. Feedback. Distortion. A black tidal wave of noise.
‘Bit of a different sound,’ Martin said.
‘Just a bit,’ I replied.
It sounded nothing like us. It sounded like Joy Division remixed by Nine Inch Nails. It sounded like the end of the world. Except for Vee’s vocals, the light in the dark:
hold on forever
never fade away
hold on forever
no decay, no decay
End. Tape hiss. Martin sat back in his chair.
‘Sounds like a single to me.’
*
The others went back to the farmhouse to make dinner. Martin kept me behind.
I’d left over an hour of rambling improvisations on tape last night, just playing and playing until the tape ran out. Martin had listened to it all that morning, copying the good bits onto a digital sampler, then pasting them together to make a song. But you could still hear the joins, the sticky-tape and glue. He needed me to re-record my guitar parts as a seamless whole.
First, though, I had to learn them.
I had no memory of last night. The riffs and chord progressions were completely new to me. They were easy enough to pick up, but they left me feeling queasy and unreal.
I wasn’t feeling well anyway. I had a leaden headache and a fever coming on. And I kept having visual hallucinations—I’d wave my hand and see a faint trail behind it. The strings of my guitar seemed to be breathing. The residue of the black lily was still in effect.
Re-recording my parts took an hour and a half. Then we joined the others in the farmhouse to eat. Vee served up a lentil shepherd’s pie with salad from the garden. Martin poured us glasses of his homebrewed ale.
‘Bloody good work today,’ he told us. ‘I think we all deserve tomorrow off.’
*
We drove down to Hobart in two cars. Tom rode with Martin and his family in their four-wheel drive. Vee and I sat in the back seat of Christian’s Kingswood, holding hands like schoolgirls as the scenery rolled by.
It felt good to be out driving. We sang along to the tape player. Christian told us rude jokes in the rear-view mirror. Vee rested her head on my shoulder, her hair whipping across my face in the wind.
‘Girl snog!’ urged Christian. ‘Girl snog!’
Vee sneered at him. Turned. Pressed her soft mouth against mine. We gave Christian the finger as we kissed.
‘Jesus,’ he laughed. ‘How am I supposed to drive straight with this hard-on?’
*
We ate brunch at a café that doubled as a laundry, then wandered through Salamanca Market. Vee grabbed Christian’s arm and dragged him off to help her find a present for Martin and Emma. Tom and Martin stopped to watch some African drummers. Emma and I walked together for a while, but a stall selling native honey caught her eye, and I left her talking to the stall owner about bee-keeping.
I drifted. I was tired and vague, but happy.
The effects of the black lily still hadn’t worn completely off. I felt spacey. The bright colours of the market kept blurring into abstract smears of colour, and I had to squint and blink to make them resolve back. Mostly I let them blur, enjoying the warm sun on my face.
I stopped at a second-hand CD stall. Two young girls flicked through the boxes next to me. Dark eyes. Long black hair. Twins. My sluggish brain rolled over, trying to work out where I recognised them from. And then it clicked.
‘Ai,’ I said. ‘Kumi.’
They were Julian’s daughters.
‘Cat!’ They hugged me and held my hands, excited. ‘How’s the new album going?’
‘Good,’ I said. ‘Good. Um. What are you doing here?’
‘We came to visit you!’
‘Visit?’
They nodded brightly, and pointed over their shoulder.
Julian was walking through the stalls, smiling, making small talk with the sellers, a red tartan scarf tied jauntily around his neck. Resting on his arm was a lithe Japanese woman in an elegant blue dress. Mayumi. His wife.
I choked.
‘Dad!’ called out Kumi. ‘Dad! It’s Cat!’
Julian lifted his head and saw us. His handsome grey hair sparkled in the Hobart sun. Mayumi saw us too and waved with genuine affection. I watched them weave through the market crowds towards me, feeling ill.
‘Catherine!’ Mayumi said. ‘How lovely to finally meet you.’
She kissed my cheek and I reluctantly kissed her in return.
‘It’s lovely to meet you too, Mayumi. I didn’t know you were in Tasmania.’
‘Oh. Julian bought us tickets. He knows how much I love your band.’
‘Really?’
Julian smiled blithely. ‘Martin’s invited us down for dinner. Good to see you again, Cat. Are you okay? You look a bit green.’
‘Yeah,’ I said, glaring at him. ‘I do feel sick. Can’t imagine why.’
At least he had the decency to blush.
*
Mayumi took my arm as we walked back to the cars. Her hair smelt like oranges and cinnamon.
‘Sorry if we startled you,’ she apologised. ‘But I’m so excited about your new album. I can’t wait to hear it.’
She smiled at me again, pure innocent joy.
She had no idea I was screwing her husband. The guilt made my stomach churn.
*
Emma and Vee and the twins cooked dinner, while the rest of us lounged in front of the open fire, wineglasses in hand, a rough burn of our new CD playing on the stereo.
I couldn’t relax. I was appalled that Mayumi was there, mortified for her that Julian would bring her. If she knew what was going on, she would be humiliated. How could Julian be so callous? I drank glass after angry glass of wine.
‘I need a cigarette,’ I said. ‘Julian?’
‘Hmm?’
‘Cigarette. Outside.’
‘Ah. Yes. Of course.’
It was freezing outside. I huddled deep into my jacket and lit a smoke.
‘What the hell, Julian?’
‘Yes. Sorry. This must be awkward for you.’
‘Awkward? This is cruel. What the hell are you doing here?’
‘Strangely enough, our trip was inspired by you.’
‘What?’
‘After your call. Mayumi begged to come and see you.’
‘Bullshit.’
‘She likes your work, Catherine. She’s a fan.’
I stormed back into the farmhouse. Christian was lounged back in a chair between the two twins, regaling them with tour stories.
‘For God’s sake, Christian,’ I spat. ‘They’re underage. Give me your keys.’
‘Keys?’
‘To the Kingswood.’
Christian shrugged and tossed them to me. I caught them drunkenly. Mayumi looked at me with genuine concern, and the sincerity of her expression made me feel sick.
‘Is something wrong, shortie?’ asked Vee.
‘I’m going for a drive.’
‘Where to?’
‘Town. Nowhere. I don’t know. I just need to get out of here.’
Vee pulled off her apron and dried her hands. ‘Let me come with you,’ she said.
57: NOW
‘You quit your job!’
Mum’s voice is livid on the phone.
‘Who told you that?’
‘People. Friends. Tell me it isn’t true.’
‘It is true. I quit.’
‘Oh for God’s sake, Catherine. What the hell is wrong with you?’
It’s a fair question. I answer with one of my own. ‘Why did you stop painting, Mum?’
‘Don’t change the subject.’
‘You do, every time I ask. Why did you stop painting?’
A long silence. She grumbles, then sighs, then finally gives in.
‘They have a name for it now. Post-something something.’
The hairs on my neck prickle. My fingers run cold.
‘Post-natal depression?’
‘Yes. That.’ Another silence. ‘They put me in a hospital. You wouldn’t remember. You were only just born.’
‘Mum, that’s awful.’
‘Everyone said I’d be so happy once you were born. And instead, I felt like the world had died.’
‘Oh, Mum.’
‘Filthy place too, that hospital. Flies everywhere. Anyway. That’s why I stopped. Happy now? Don’t think you’re off the hook. You should ask for your job back. You need money, Catherine. You can’t eat thin air.’
‘Mum, I’m busy. But I’ll come and see you on the weekend, okay? We’ll have dinner.’
She sniffs, unsure about the prospect.
‘I have to go, Mum. But I’ll see you on Saturday.’
Flies everywhere, she said.
The shadow.
Which means: it’s haunted me since the day I was born.
No more, shadow. You took Vee away from me. But tomorrow I’m taking her back.
*
The contents of the garbage bag spill out across the floor of the Rook and Castle. Tom frowns. Christian picks up a pair of underpants and raises an eyebrow.
‘They’re Vee’s,’ I tell him. ‘I got all this from her father.’
Christian drops the underpants as if scalded. ‘Is this part of your ritual? Old tapes and dirty underwear?’
‘Yes. It is.’
‘Not exactly eye of newt and toe of frog.’
‘Don’t be so sure.’
‘Why? What are we doing with them? Building a voodoo doll?’
‘Not quite.’ I swallow. It’s time to tell them. The final task. The thing that I haven’t even been able to admit to myself, let alone to them.
‘There’s one more thing we need,’ I say. ‘It might be difficult to get hold of.’
Tom frowns. ‘Difficult? How difficult?’
‘Breaking-the-law difficult,’ I reply. ‘We need to dig up Vee’s body.’
58: FEBRUARY 1994
Driving. Dark roads. Sky purple above us. The engine growled and the gears crunched. Bush scrub raced past the narrow cones of the headlights. Chewbacca swung from the rear-view mirror, teeth bared in a roar.
‘Don’t let Julian get to you, Cat,’ Vee said. ‘He’s just an arsehole.’
‘I don’t give a damn about him,’ I said. ‘I’m furious at myself. I knew they were married. I knew they had kids. But I slept with him anyway. How could I be such a bitch?’
‘Cat…’ Vee sighed.
‘What sort of person does that? Who goes “oh, he’s married but I’ll sleep with him anyway”?’
The Kingswood’s back wheels skidded on the gravel road. Vee grabbed my shoulder tightly. ‘Careful, shortie.’
‘What’s wrong with me? Why am I such a fuck up?’
‘You’re not a fuck up, Cat. You’re just really hard on yourself. You go out with these loser guys because you don’t think you can do any better.’
The Kingswood bucked over a pothole. I was driving too fast. I knew it. But I was afraid to slow down. I was afraid if I slowed down, all my flaws and problems and insignificance would catch up and devour me. I didn’t need the shadow. I could tear myself to shreds just fine.
‘Why do you guys put up with me?’
She laughed. ‘Cat, we’d follow you through hell.’
‘But why?’
‘Because we love you, dickhead.’
I looked over at her. She shrugged and smiled. ‘We’re all screw-ups too.’
My eyes were off the road for only a second. In my peripheral vision I saw something step out onto the road. A horse, I thought. Or a large dog.
I swerved to avoid it.
The back wheels slipped.
Gravel sprayed into the night. The Kingswood shuddered as it skidded off the road. I kicked at the brake pedal, jamming it again and again. But there was nothing to brake against. The wheels slid tractionless over dirt and dead leaves. Vee yelled something but I couldn’t hear her through the shaking of the car.
Trees rushed towards us in the headlights. Like gravestones. Like ghosts.
Noise. Metal tearing against wood.
Then pain.
Then darkness.
*
Susurrus of wings.
I woke in a cage. Ripped metal. Shattered glass. Black branches of trees through the windscreen. The pain rolled through me in waves. I was trapped. The driver’s side door was crushed in, and my leg was crushed in with it.
A raven perched on the twisted bonnet, fixing me with its black eyes.
(Don’t cry. Don’t you dare cry.)
Vee slumped across my lap. Beautiful. Serene. Ophelia in the river. Red flowers woven through her hair. I reached down to touch her, to wake her, to tell her we were okay.
My finger stuck to her hair.
Not flowers. Blood.
Kaa, screamed the raven. Wings beat away into the black.
59: NOW
The sun sinks under the horizon. The sky turns first orange, then fades to bruise-purple and black. Tom parks his van just down the road from Dandenong cemetery.
‘This is insane,’ says Christian, as he pulls on a pair of black gloves.
We’re all dressed in black. Black sneakers, black jeans, black hoodies to hide our faces. In the back of the van are a small toolshed’s worth of equipment: shovels, pickaxes, rope, a crowbar, and a waterproof tarpaulin just big enough to wrap a person in.
‘There’s no guard,’ says Tom. ‘I checked. Just a security company that does random sweeps.’
‘So we wait for the first sweep, and then we go,’ I say.
Tom nods, and double-checks his torch. Christian pulls out a hipflask and swigs. He offers it to me. ‘Cat?’
I feel strangely serene. Despite the confrontation with Vee’s father, despite being about to break into a cemetery, my hands are steady and my breathing is calm. But I recognise that this serenity is a type of madness, a lull in the middle of the storm.
I take the flask and I drink. ‘Thanks.’
‘My pleasure,’ Christian says, as I hand it back. ‘Tom?’
Tom gives him a look.
‘What?’ says Christian.
‘I don’t drink,’ Tom says
‘Seriously? You’ll rob graves with us, but you won’t share a drink? Get off your high horse, you bloody poof.’
Tom glares at Christian. Grabs the hipflask. Swigs. Throws it back at him.
‘See?’ smiles Christian. ‘It didn’t kill you.’
*
The security patrol drives past about an hour after sunset. They don’t get out of their car. They don’t even stop. We wait until they disappear over the hill, then we grab our tools and go.
Out the van door. Running over to the cyclone fence. Tom finds a low point that we can climb. He gives me a leg-up, practically throws Christian over, and slides gracefully over himself.
‘Which way?’ he asks.
‘Down the back,’ I answer. ‘Follow me.’
We crouch and run between gravestones. The night is clear above us, and the moon is almost full. We don’t need our torches. We can see perfectly. But that means other people can see us, too.
Scurrying noises to the left of us.
‘What the hell was that?’ hisses Christian.
‘Foxes,’ I whisper back. ‘They live in the graveyard.’
‘What do they eat? Dead people?’
‘Mice, you idiot,’ I answer. ‘Keep moving.’
Along the main drive. We reach the intersection, with the road leading off to the Catholic section. Christian grabs my arm.
‘Listen,’ he says. ‘Can you hear that? That’s not foxes.’
‘He’s right,’ says Tom. ‘Someone’s singing.’
Drifting up from the Catholic section is a male voice, a deep baritone. The melody is bluesy and mournful. I recognise the tune even as the words reach me:
I went down to St. James Infirmary,
Saw my baby there,
She was stretched out on a long white table,
So cold, so sweet, so fair.
The singer has an English accent. Working class. Like Michael Caine.
What the hell? I stand up, furious, and stride towards Vee’s grave. A silhouette leans against it. A beard. Blow-waved hair. Silver jewellery glinting on his fingers in the moonlight.
‘You,’ I spit. ‘What the hell are you doing here?’
Phillip stops singing, and he smiles.
‘My job,’ he answers. ‘Advising you. Representing your interests.’
He gestures towards Vee’s grave. A raven perches on her headstone, huge and black. It tilts its beak towards us and caws.
‘You dumped us,’ I tell Phillip.
‘I did, yes. Consider this one last favour. People don’t just come back from the dead, Catherine. There are rituals to perform, and prices to be paid. Trust me, you want my help with this.’
‘Why?’ I sneer. ‘Have you done this before?’
He smiles. ‘You think you’re the first musician to strike a deal with the forces of darkness?’
‘Who are you, Phillip? What are you up to?’
‘I’m just a humble businessman, my dear, trying to do business.’
The raven caws again, impatient.
‘Yes,’ Phillip tells it. ‘I was just getting to that.’ He turns back to me. ‘The night is passing, Catherine, and I need to warn you. If you proceed from here, there will be a price.’
‘What price?’
‘Ah.’ He smiles mysteriously. ‘The sort of price you won’t know about until you have to pay it.’
‘Hang on,’ says Christian. ‘How is that fair?’
‘It’s not fair at all,’ says Phillip. ‘If the world was fair, your friend wouldn’t be dead in the first place. Catherine? Thoughts?’
‘This price,’ I say. ‘It could be anything?’
‘Potentially.’ Phillip looks at me, his face shadowy and serious in the darkness. ‘As your manager, I would recommend you walk away. That way you lose nothing you haven’t already lost. But if you continue…’
He trails off. The raven glares at us. I stare back at it, weighing an unnamed price against Vee’s life. I’ve read the old myths. These sort of deals never end well. But Vee’s death was my fault. If she’s still out there, I owe it to her to save her.
‘Pass me a shovel,’ I tell Tom.
Phillip nods. The raven laughs. We start digging.
*
Tom cracks the seal open on the grave top slab. Christian helps him drag it off. We take turns with the spade. We dig, and dig some more. Our muscles ache. Sweat runs down our faces. We peel off our hoodies and keep digging. An hour passes. Then another. And a third.
Six feet down is a lot of earth.
Phillip waits by the side, checking his phone. The raven watches us, shifting from claw to claw, black eyes reflecting the glow from Phillip’s phone.
‘You could help,’ I tell him, panting from exhaustion.
‘And ruin my suit?’ he replies.
A thud. Tom has hit solid wood.
‘Her coffin,’ says Phillip. ‘Good. My work here is almost done.’
The raven cries, a harsh, strangled noise.
‘I know,’ says Phillip. ‘I know. I didn’t forget. Catherine? Hold out your hand. You’ll need these.’
He reaches into the inside pocket of his suit jacket, and places two things into my waiting palm. The first is a small circle of metal. The second is the fresh, glossy head of a flower. Its scent is sweet and heavy. Its petals are fleshy and dark.
‘A black lily,’ says Phillip. ‘From Taenarum, where Orpheus entered the underworld to rescue Eurydice. Your show is tomorrow, yes? You’ll need to prepare her body beforehand. Wash her. Lay her out. Put the flower into her mouth. After that, everything depends on how well you can play.’
‘And this?’ I hold up the metal circle.
‘Her nose ring. I just thought she might like it back.’
I slip the items into the pocket of my jeans. ‘Thank you.’
‘Well. That’s that, then. Our contract is done. Never mention this night to anyone, and never contact me again.’ He nods goodbye to the raven, then to us, and turns to leave. ‘Oh, and Catherine?’
‘What?’
‘The answer is both.’
‘Both?’
‘I wanted Vee. And I thought your music was brilliant.’
Phillip walks off, talking on his phone. He disappears into the shadows and the gravestones.
‘And screw you too,’ I say to his back.
‘Cat?’ says Tom. ‘This coffin is wrong. It looks brand new.’
I peer over the lip of the grave to check. He’s right. Apart from the dirt on it, it could have been placed here yesterday.
I remember a story from high school: the poet Dante Gabriel Rossetti dug up the grave of his lover Lizzie Siddal a year after she died, and claimed she was untouched by decay.
‘It’s hers,’ I tell Tom. ‘That’s Vee’s coffin. I think it’s just been waiting for us.’
Christian frowns at me, wild-eyed. ‘What? What are you babbling about? Have you finally gone mad?’
‘We’re robbing graves,’ I answer. ‘You tell me.’
*
More spadework. The raven watches us work, shifting restlessly as we go deeper. Tom digs clear the lid of the coffin, but the base is stuck deep in the mud.
‘We’ll need to open it down there,’ I say.
Tom nods. ‘Pass me the crowbar.’
‘Can I pass you this crow as well?’ asks Christian. ‘It’s creeping me out.’
‘It’s an envoy from the underworld,’ I say. ‘Were you expecting a fluffy bunny?’
‘I was expecting Ozzie Osbourne. I’m feeling very ripped off.’
‘Crowbar,’ says Tom. ‘Now.’
Christian passes it down. Tom cracks open the lid. We grab our noses instinctively. But there’s no smell of rotting meat. Just the wet earth and the faint perfume of chemicals.
‘Embalming fluid,’ I explain to nobody. ‘Let me open it.’
Tom helps me into the pit. Dirt and clay fall over me. There’s no room down here. I’m practically kneeling on the coffin. The walls of earth tower over me, threatening to collapse and bury me with Vee.
I push my fingers into the crack and raise the lid.
Vee. Eyes closed. Blonde hair soft around her face. Untouched. Unspoiled. Exactly the same as when we knew her. She could be merely sleeping.
‘Jesus,’ whispers Tom. Christian gags and vomits up above us.
I stroke her face. It’s cold. Not sleeping. Dead. Twenty-five years dead. A quarter century in a wooden crate, waiting for me to save her.
The raven laughs and swoops away.
60: MARCH 1994
The next time I woke I was somewhere white and blurry. The car was gone. I was alone in a haze of white. My fingers felt like clouds—soft and cold. A shape moved around me.
‘Vee?’ I pleaded.
‘Shh,’ said the nurse. ‘Go back to sleep.’
*
Waking again. The white was a hospital curtain. Tubes ran into my arm. Bandages on my head, my face. Plaster trapped my right arm and leg. My mouth was dry. Hospital. I was in a hospital bed.
Noises outside the curtain: nurses, machines, TV.
I tried to call out, but my mouth was like a desert. I was on painkillers, I realised dully. My arm and leg ached but it was distant, abstract.
‘Nurse,’ I moaned. ‘Nurse.’
Footsteps. The curtain swished back and a nurse peered at me.
‘You’re awake.’ She took my pulse, put a palm on my forehead.
‘Vee,’ I tried to say. ‘Where’s Vee?’
‘I’m going to give you some more painkiller,’ she said. ‘You need to rest.’
She adjusted my IV. I felt the morphine slink into my veins, ice-cold. And then I was drowning, lost in the sea of white.
*
‘Cat. Cat.’
Whispers, close to my ear. Someone tapping my shoulder, trying to wake me. I struggled to surface through the morphine.
‘Cat?’
I peeled my right eye open. Tom was leaning over the bed, holding my good hand. Christian paced behind him, red-eyed, chewing his nails.
‘Where’s Vee?’ I croaked.
‘You’re okay,’ Tom soothed. ‘You’re in hospital, but you’re okay. The doctors are taking care of you.’
‘Vee,’ I insisted.
He hesitated. And that was enough. I knew. A hole opened into my chest, sucking everything down, ripping planets and stars from the sky, crushing everything down so hard that not even light could escape.
‘No,’ I cried. ‘Please, no.’
Christian fled. Tom cradled my face with his palms, my tears soaking into his sleeves.
*
They had to go. Her body was being flown back to Melbourne. The funeral was the day after tomorrow. They were sorry. They were so very sorry.
Emma stayed with me. She sat beside my bed, knitting handspun wool while I slept, wiping my forehead with a damp washcloth when I was awake.
I floated in and out like the tide.
Being awake was torture. My bones throbbed. My skull ached. The morphine and antibiotics made me feverish and ill. Emma placed ice-cubes under my tongue to ease the parching, but the doctors wouldn’t let me eat solid food. I pissed into a catheter.
And none of it mattered. Because Vee was dead. I had killed her. The horror of it suffocated me. I kept seeing her after the crash. Blood in her hair. Glass in her eyes. I killed her. I killed my best friend.
I craved the morphine. I wanted the nurses to drown me, to wipe me out, to scourge me from the Earth.
Emma stroked my hair, soothing me back down into oblivion.
*
I woke late. The hospital lights were dimmed. Nurses whispered at their stations.
Flies crawled up the curtains around my bed.
‘What do you want?’ I spat.
The flies buzzed. A shadow prowled around the other side of the curtains.
We want what we have always wanted, the shadow said. Your happiness. Your purpose.
‘Go away,’ I hissed.
I had nothing to cut myself with. So I smashed my broken arm against the bed railings. And screamed at the pain.
Footsteps. The shadow slouched away. The flies drifted up to the ceiling. A nurse pulled the curtains back.
‘Nightmare?’ she asked.
*
The doctor explained it all patiently.
I had broken my femur, radius, and metacarpals. I had hairline fractures to the ribs and ulna. I had torn muscles and ligaments in my neck, back, arm and leg. I’d had minor internal bleeding. I’d had concussion.
The bones would take six to eight weeks to heal. Most of that would be in a hospital bed, then a wheelchair. I would need physiotherapy to learn how to stand upright again, to untie all the knotted muscles and scar tissue. There might be persistent pain. There was a slight chance of long-term brain injuries—mood swings, memory loss, depression.
But I would walk again, he said. I would play guitar again. I would be okay.
A therapist talked to me. She told me about post-traumatic stress disorder, that it was common to feel fear, or anger, or guilt. When someone close to us dies, she said, we often feel responsible. She talked about ways to manage those feelings.
‘I don’t want to manage them,’ I spat. ‘I am responsible. Those feelings are right.’
*
Tom and Christian returned from the funeral. They were profusely apologetic. Vee’s father had insisted on a quick burial, and they had to suddenly make the terrible choice between staying with me or saying their last goodbyes.
‘It’s okay,’ I said. ‘I would have gone too.’
My mother flew down with them. She sat beside my bed, and we had nothing to say to each other.
The hospital made arrangements to ship me back to Melbourne. Autumn was coming. The rains were turning the roads to mud. The hospital needed the bed.
61: NOW
Christian refuses to touch the body.
‘No way,’ he says. ‘No way in hell.’
Tom scowls at him, leans over the edge of the grave, and reaches down towards me. I slide my hands behind Vee’s shoulders and try to lift her.
Her head flops back. Her whole body is limp. The hole is too cramped to get a proper grip. I struggle with her lifeless weight and she slips out of my grasp.
‘She’s too heavy,’ I call up to Tom.
He nods. ‘I’ll get the rope.’
Minutes pass. I can hear the wind rising. The weather bureau have predicted storms for tomorrow. I stare up from the hole, watching the clouds swallow the stars, waiting for Tom to return.
‘Here.’
One end of rope falls down into the hole beside me. I wrap it under Vee’s armpits and throw it back up to Tom. He pulls. Vee’s corpse sits up from the coffin like a broken marionette. Her head slumps forward. Her hair covers her face. Dirt from the side of the hole scrapes off on her, soiling her hair and dress.
‘Gently!’ I yell. ‘Don’t hurt her.’
Christian lets out a sickened laugh.
Tom hauls Vee’s body over the lip of the hole, then reaches down to help me climb out. I wipe grave dirt out of my eyes. Vee is lying on her back, eyes closed, facing the night sky. Motionless. Dead.
‘Pass me the blanket, Christian. We need to wrap her up.’
Christian is squatting down beside one of the graves, swigging from his hipflask. He ignores me.
‘Christian!’
His bloodshot eyes turn to me. ‘This is madness, Cat.’
‘Help us. Please.’
He looks away. He takes another swig. Tom pushes past him and grabs the blanket from our duffle bag of tools. Together, we shift Vee’s body onto the blanket and wrap her tight.
‘Let’s go,’ says Tom.
Christian chokes. ‘What about the hole?’
‘No time.’ Tom hoists Vee’s body over his shoulder in a fireman’s lift.
‘We can’t leave a great big bloody hole. We’ll get sprung. We’ll get arrested.’
‘Tom’s right,’ I say. ‘We don’t have time.’
I grab what tools I can carry and head for the fence. Christian staggers to his feet, throws the rest of the tools into the grave, and runs after us.
The wind is getting stronger. The trees shake and the dead grass hisses. We climb the fence and carry Vee’s body to the van.
*
Tom parks outside the Rook and Castle, and we sneak the body in through the band room door. We lay the blanket down on the stage while we decide what to do.
‘We need to wash her,’ I say. ‘Is there a shower or something?’
Tom nods. ‘A bath. Upstairs.’
‘Perfect. I’ll help you carry her. Christian? Can you bring the bag with her dresses?’
Christian pulls out his hipflask. ‘No.’
‘Christian, please. We need your help.’
‘I’m a bass player, not a bloody necromancer.’
‘You’re Vee’s friend,’ I tell him. ‘We’re doing this for her.’
He swigs deep from the hipflask and shakes his head. ‘Friends don’t dig up dead friends. It’s bad manners.’
Tom growls. And charges.
He slams Christian against the wall. The hipflask flies out of Christian’s hand, spraying bourbon. Alcohol fumes fill the air.
‘Quit your bullshit,’ Tom spits into his face. ‘Are you in or out?’
Christian reels. He looks at Tom. Then at me. And then he runs out the door.
‘Goddamn it.’ I go to chase after him.
Tom stands in my way.
‘He’s our friend, Tom.’
‘He made his choice.’
‘For fuck’s sake. Not everyone can be perfect like you.’
Tom looms in front of me, arms crossed, face like stone. ‘We have work to do.’
He’s right. Dawn is coming. We need to get Vee’s body out of sight before the rest of the Rook staff arrive for work. Christian will have to wait.
I take Vee’s feet. Tom takes her shoulders. We carry her upstairs to prepare.
*
Unwrapping the blankets, Vee laid out in the bathtub. Her skin is so pale that it’s blue. She has grave dirt in her eyelashes. She has cemetery mud in her hair.
Her father dressed her up like a doll for her burial. Black dress. White stockings. Mary-Jane shoes. He even bleached her hair back to blonde. Daddy’s perfect little girl. No wonder you can’t rest, I think. He took away everything that made you you.
So. Work to do.
I carefully undress her and throw the funeral clothes into a garbage bag. I wash her pale body from head to toe, trying to erase the smell of the grave.
There are wounds underneath her make-up. There are autopsy scars on her chest.
Next: her hair. I prop her limp body up on a pile of towels. Wet her hair with a bar jug. Work in the dyes: blue and purple, red and green. I flash back to a night half a lifetime ago: kneeling on the bathroom floor, Vee massaging Punky Colours into my hair, before Christian took us out to the Arthouse to meet Tom.
The dyes are in. I go downstairs while I wait for the colours to set. Tom is vacuum-cleaning the band room. He clicks it off when he sees me.
‘Waaberi will be in soon,’ he says. ‘He has to prep the kitchen.’
‘He can’t go upstairs,’ I say.
‘I know. Stay calm.’
Back upstairs. I wash the dye out, singing PJ Harvey songs under my breath like lullabies. Vee’s head droops limply in my arms. Brightly coloured. Completely dead.
I vomit into the toilet. Wipe my mouth clean. Continue.
I clothe her in the dress from her father’s house. I insert the nose ring that Phillip returned. And lastly I place the black flower inside her mouth. The bulb is huge. Petals poke out from between her lips.
Done. She’s ready. My beautiful friend. I kiss her cold forehead, then go downstairs to get Tom.
*
Waaberi has arrived, chatting happily to Tom as they prepare the kitchen. ‘Anarchy in the UK’ plays in the background from an iPhone docking station.
I lean in the doorway. ‘Tom?’
Waaberi grins when he sees me. ‘Miss Catherine! You are here very early.’
‘You know,’ I say. ‘Just getting ready for tonight.’
‘Oh yes! I look forward to it very much.’
‘Yeah. It’ll be something else. Tom? Can I get a hand with the thing?’
‘The thing?’ he says. ‘Oh. Sure.’
He kisses Waaberi and follows me upstairs.
‘Wow,’ he says when he sees Vee.
‘I know,’ I say. ‘Looks just like her. Can we move her somewhere nicer? Your office, perhaps?’
‘The junk room has a couch in it,’ Tom says.
‘Perfect.’
We lift her out of the bathtub, and carry her into the upstairs corridor. Her feet slip in my grip and I swear as I almost drop her.
‘Do you need a hand?’ Waaberi calls up the staircase.
‘No!’ I yell back. ‘We’re fine, thanks!’
Into the junk room. Stacks of chairs. Boxes of glasses. Bar towels in neatly folded piles. And a hideous blue velour couch.
‘I said somewhere nicer,’ I joke.
We lay her down as gently as we can. Tom brushes the hair out of her face. I fold her hands on top of each other. She looks like a surrealist painting with those black petals jutting out of her mouth.
From my backpack, I pull out her drawings and arrange them around her. Then I add our old record reviews, the Rolling Stone magazine, copies of our CDs. And finally, the flier I found in the cemetery. They form a mandala around her, a circle of memory.
I stand up, brushing my knees.
‘Do you have a spare key for this room?’ I ask Tom.
‘Yeah.’ He slips it loose from his keyring.
I lock the door from the inside, leaving the key in the lock. We step out into the corridor and pull the door closed behind us. Tom gives me a questioning look.
‘She has to get out some way,’ I tell him.
*
Downstairs. Waaberi is working away in the kitchen to the sound of the Sex Pistols. Tom and I slump into chairs in the main bar. My muscles ache. My eyes won’t stay open. I desperately need sleep. But there’s still work to be done.
‘We have to get Christian back,’ I tell Tom.
‘He quit.’
‘He got spooked. This won’t work without him.’
Tom shakes his head. ‘No timewasters.’
‘Come on, Tom. We’re a band. If it’s not the three of us on stage tonight, then all of this has been a waste of time.’
‘Maybe. Depends how much we raise on the door.’
‘Fine,’ I say and stagger up to my feet. ‘Be stubborn. I’m going after him.’
Tom stays sitting. I push the door open and step outside onto the street where the sun is just beginning to rise over the warehouses and factories of Collingwood.
62: APRIL 1994
The flies came back every night. They crawled across my bedsheets. They gathered on my pillow. If I brushed them away, they would take off and hover above my mouth. I was too heavy with drugs to call a nurse, and too exhausted to hurt myself again to drive them away.
Their antennae brushed my face as I slept.
*
The hospital discharged me. Mum took me home. She made up my old bed, and cleared the floor so my wheelchair would fit. The house seemed smaller without Dad in it, like a balloon slowly deflating. The garden was full of weeds. Mum didn’t have time to care for it.
We fought constantly.
Tom came around every day to help care for me while Mum went out to work. It was a relief. He would wheel me out into the backyard amongst the thistles and I would light up a cigarette while he updated me on band news.
‘We’re all over the press. Rage had a special on us last week.’
I laughed. ‘How long did that last? Three minutes? What the hell did they show?’
‘The “Remember” video. “Bloodwood”. Some live stuff. Plus a bunch of interviews with Vee. Here.’ He pulled a video cassette out of his hoodie pocket. ‘Phillip got a tape of it.’
He held it out to me.
‘I can’t,’ I said. ‘I can’t…’
Tom looked at me. Nodded. ‘Sure,’ he said, and slipped the tape away.
I leant back in my chair, winced, and looked up at the sky. The doctors had lowered my painkillers, and the abstract background throb was now a constant rusty stabbing.
‘Is Christian avoiding me?’ I asked.
‘Christian’s been drunk for three weeks straight. His parents want to send him to detox.’
‘And Phillip?’
‘Up to his ears in it. Sapphire want to release the album. Martin won’t mix it without you. Result: shit fight.’
He looked at me sideways, and I realised with dread what he was asking.
‘Tom, no. I can’t mix that album.’
‘It would be good for you, Cat. You’re going mad here.’
‘You don’t understand. I can’t even listen to that thing.’
‘Yes you can.’
‘I killed Vee, Tom. I killed her making that stupid rubbish. You expect me to just sit down and start twiddling knobs?’
‘Think about it, Cat.’
Stray raindrops splattered into my glasses. Tom wheeled me inside and cooked lunch.
*
The flies followed me to Melbourne. Everywhere I looked I would see them: clinging to a windowsill, delicately crawling up a mirror.
‘Go away,’ I would yell at them.
The flies said nothing. They were waiting for me to despair.
*
I woke up one morning, and ‘Smells Like Teen Spirit’ was playing on the radio.
For a moment I was confused, disorientated in time. Was I back in 1991, hearing this song for the first time? Had the Stray Swans just been a dream? Was Vee still alive?
But the song ended, and the announcer read out the news. Kurt Cobain’s body had been found at his home in Seattle. There was a shotgun. There was a note. He was gone.
The world is made out of death, I thought. Even the elements are made from the corpses of dead stars. And then I thought: Vee would have been devastated. She always loved Nirvana.
I pulled the blanket over my head and prayed for the obliteration of sleep.
*
The phone rang during dinner. Mum answered it.
‘It’s your friend,’ she said. ‘Christian.’
I wheeled my way over to the phone and took the handpiece.
‘You bitch,’ Christian slurred. ‘Tom said you won’t mix the album. You selfish little cow.’
‘You’re drunk, Christian.’
‘Of course I’m drunk. Why won’t you mix the bloody album?’
‘I can’t. I just can’t.’
‘We’ve been through hell for you. We’ve been through all of this. And now you won’t even mix our album. You goddamn selfish little bitch.’
‘Christian…’
‘I voted for you. Captain Catonia! I was your bloody little footsoldier. Thanks for nothing, Cat. Thanks for being a whiny little bitch.’
I hung up. I couldn’t argue with him. He was right.
Mum frowned up at me, fork in her hand. ‘Is he alright?’
‘No,’ I said honestly. ‘None of us are.’
*
Phillip visited the next day. He came in a wheelchair friendly taxi, and he paid for it to take us to a Carlton café.
‘Terrible news about Cobain,’ he said over his short black.
I didn’t answer.
Phillip pressed on. ‘You’re looking better.’
I made a face. ‘It’s still weeks before they get these casts off.’
‘I’m sorry you missed the funeral,’ he said. ‘It must distress you that you never got to say goodbye.’
‘It distresses me that I killed her,’ I answered. ‘I’m getting bored of explaining that.’
‘Indeed.’ He steepled his fingers. ‘You need to keep seeing your therapist.’
‘My therapist is a moron.’
‘Then I’ll find you someone better. You have wounds, Catherine. They’re festering away inside you. Unless you clean them out, they’ll poison you.’
‘Are you my manager or my priest? Stop pretending you care about my welfare and just bloody ask.’
‘Ask you what?’
‘You want me to mix the album. The answer is no.’
Phillip shook his head. ‘I understand your pain, Catherine. I wouldn’t ask that of you. All we want is your permission.’
‘Permission?’
‘Allow Martin Wall to mix it for you.’
‘No.’
Phillip nodded. ‘Vee’s suitcases were still down at Terra Nullius Studios. Martin found this as he was packing them up. I think you should have it.’
He opened his briefcase and handed me a small black notebook.
Vee’s sketchpad. I froze. I was too scared to open it. Phillip watched me for a long moment, then deliberately checked his watch.
‘I need to get back to the office,’ he said. ‘Thank you for the coffee. The taxi driver will help you home.’ He nodded meaningfully at the sketchpad as he left.
*
I waited until night. I waited through the wet afternoon, through Mum’s overcooked potatoes and soggy steamed carrots. I waited through a BBC murder mystery so cosy the corpse practically hugged its killer. I waited until Mum was in bed, asleep, snoring.
I waited until I was alone. Then I opened the sketchbook.
Vee had written her name and the date on the first page, in her tiny serial-killer handwriting. Beneath them was a self-portrait, Vee as artist, pencil between her teeth.
The next pages were sketches from Sydney: the Opera House, a café, Christian hunched over his bass recording ‘Bloodwood’.
Sketches on the ferry: passengers, dolphins, Tom with his headphones on.
And Tasmania itself. The sign on the gates to Terra Nullius Studio. Emma and the children. Christian drunk in front of the fire. The geese. Martin behind his mixing desk, his beard curling across the entire page like incense smoke.
And the last drawing: me. Asleep on the floor of the studio, my guitar still strapped around my neck. I looked so peaceful.
She’d written my name underneath the portrait, and signed it with a heart.
*
I sat in the darkness, thinking. Flies crept along my hands. I ignored them. One more choice to make, Catherine St. James. You know how good you are at making choices.
Option one: bury the album like you buried your friend. Sit in a dark room. Play Disintegration over and over and feel sorry for yourself. Feel so bad you never let anyone hear Vee’s singing again.
Option two: forget about yourself. Give the world one last taste of her magic, no matter how much it hurts.
Right.
I pressed stop on my Walkman, took out the Cure tape, and put it back on my shelf.
*
I’d lost Martin’s number. I had to call Tom, who had to call Phillip. I grew more and more nervous while we played phone tag. Eventually Phillip’s assistant called me back, and patched me directly through.
‘Terra Nullius Studios,’ said a gruff voice.
‘Martin. It’s Cat.’
‘Cat! How are you, you poor bastard?’
‘Not good.’
‘Nah. Don’t blame you. It’s a bloody waste, what happened. A bloody waste.’
‘Literally,’ I said, and laughed despite myself. ‘Listen, about the album…’
‘Arsehole record company. Keep threatening me with lawyers. Molotov through their office window, that’d show them how scared I am of lawyers.’
‘Martin, I can’t mix it. You know that, right?’
‘Sure. Of course. I understand.’
‘Will you… Will you mix it for me?’
He was silent for a minute. I heard him swallow, and when he spoke again his voice was hoarse with tears.
‘Yeah, mate,’ he said. ‘I reckon I can do that for you.’
*
And that night, as the clocks neared midnight, I climbed into my wheelchair. I took my Fender Jaguar out of its case. With great difficulty, I balanced the guitar on my lap and wheeled myself through the house, out the back door, and down the driveway.
The night was cold. The streets were empty. Every house I passed was dark.
I pushed and shoved at the wheelchair, until I reached a four-way intersection. Here. A junction in suburban Blackburn was hardly a crossroad in rural Mississippi, but I prayed Robert Johnson would forgive me.
‘Come on,’ I said to the darkness.
A minute passed. Two. I shivered in my nightclothes.
Finally, the air thickened with flies and the shadow lurched towards me.
‘You want my happiness?’ I asked it.
Yes.
‘Fine. You can have it. But leave my friends and family alone.’
The shadow paced, amused. Are you offering us a bargain?
‘I didn’t come here for the exercise. It’s yours. My happiness. My soul. Whatever you want to call it. Just stop hurting the people I love.’
The flies purred in acceptance.
I raised the Jaguar by its neck. And smashed it into the road. The wood splintered but didn’t break. I raised it again, and swung it down. My healing bones ached and the wheelchair wobbled. The guitar cracked. The knobs skittered away into the darkness. I swung the guitar a third time and the neck broke off.
I let it drop. The guitar lay on the asphalt like the dead swan in Hyde Park.
When I looked up, the shadow was gone.
63: NOW
The sun rises up over Collingwood. I shield my eyes and stare down the streets.
Where would Christian have gone? A pub? They wouldn’t be open this early. His parents? I thought they weren’t speaking anymore. Maybe he went to a bottle shop. Maybe he’s in a park somewhere. Maybe he’s wandering the streets aimlessly.
I send him a text message: Where are you?
Trucks rumble down nearby Hoddle Street. The rush hour traffic is starting to build. Heat and petrol fumes fill the air. I check my phone. No reply. I look up and down the street in despair.
And then I see it. The same thing Christian must have seen when he ran out from the Rook. Several blocks away, its spire glinting in the morning sun, is a church.
*
St Mary’s Catholic Church. Stained glass windows, wooden pews. Jesus frowns down at me from an enormous crucifix over the altar as I enter. Christian sits up the back, clothes still stained with cemetery mud.
I sit down beside him. We sit in silence, watching flies buzz in through the open doors.
‘You’re insane,’ he says eventually.
‘So you keep saying.’
‘The dead don’t come back to life.’
I nod towards at the crucifix. ‘He might disagree.’
‘Hilarious.’
‘We need you, Christian. This won’t work without you.’
‘It won’t work full stop. You’re obsessed, Cat. You think Vee was your special magical elf friend, and if she comes back everything will be wonderful. But she was just a girl. There was nothing magic about her. She smoked and farted and picked her nose like everybody else.’
‘She was our friend, Christian.’
‘Yeah. And you killed her.’
He starts crying. Wet tears wash a path through the dirt on his face. I try to think of something to say, something that will comfort him, or at least get him to join us on stage tonight. But I’m too tired. My thoughts won’t focus.
‘Christian…’ I begin.
‘Christian?’ says a voice behind us.
Coming in through the church door are his parents. They walk down the aisle, old and grey and disapproving. I look at Christian, confused.
‘I called them,’ he says. ‘They’re taking me to rehab.’
‘Rehab? What about tonight?’
Christian doesn’t reply. He stands up, shakes his father’s hand, kisses his mother on the cheek.
‘What about tonight?’ I beg him.
His mother stares coldly at me. ‘Our son is sick. He needs help.’
‘Tomorrow. You can go tomorrow. We just need you for tonight.’
Christian doesn’t look at me. His parents start leading him outside. I grab his shoulder and spin him around.
‘Please. For Vee.’
He still won’t look at me.
‘It hurt,’ he says to the floor. ‘When she died. It hurt so much.’ He finally lifts his head to look at me. His face is a mess of tears and dirt and pain. ‘Why would I put myself through that again?’
His father places his hand on Christian’s shoulder and together his parents lead him away.
*
Tom is restocking the bar fridges when I return. He looks up at me, questioning. I shake my head.
‘He’s gone,’ I say. The tiredness is crushing me. ‘I can’t deal with this anymore. I need sleep.’
Tom lets me into his office upstairs and tells me he’ll wake me in a couple of hours. The office is very Tom: papers neatly stacked on his desk, band posters lined up on the walls. The screensaver on his computer shows pictures of Tom and Waaberi at karate. There’s a leather armchair beside the desk. I kick off my muddy sneakers, strip out of my filthy jeans and t-shirt and curl up.
Vee is in the storeroom across the hallway.
I remember that night at my parents’ house when she snuck into my bed and curled up next to me. I remember how we inspired each other to write songs. My best friend. Forever.
‘Come back to me, stretch,’ I whisper. ‘I need you.’
*
Tom wakes me from a dream about flies and dark caverns. The light in the room has changed. Shadows point in the opposite direction.
‘What time is it?’ I ask.
‘Just after six.’
‘Six? I’ve lost the whole day.’
‘You needed the sleep,’ Tom tells me.
‘Any word from Christian?’
Tom shakes his head. I lean forward in the chair, rubbing my eyes. My sweating skin sticks to the leather. We need Christian. The ritual won’t work without him. But he’s gone. And my confidence is gone with him. I’ve lost that certainty, that feeling I can do anything. In its place is gnawing doubt.
‘What do we do, Tom?’ I can’t keep the despair out of my voice.
Tom throws me a staff t-shirt. ‘We play the show.’
*
My jeans are stiff with mud and sweat. I need a shower. I need clean clothes. I should probably eat something, too, since I haven’t eaten anything since last night. But my stomach is in knots. I get dressed as best I can and go downstairs.
The front bar is full of Thursday night drinkers. They all look so young. Hipsters and rockers and a dozen other subcultures I’m too old to recognise. I feel ridiculous. These kids aren’t going to listen to old farts like us.
Get a grip, Catherine. You were punk rock when these kids were still in nappies. Don’t let them intimidate you.
I shoulder my way though to the bar, and pour a glass of water. The air is thick and muggy and electrified. I can smell the storm brewing, even over the sweat and beer of the front bar. I can smell something else, too: the churning stench of rotten meat. Is that me?
Someone taps my shoulder. Pearl, the rockabilly. She holds up a burger on a plate.
‘Tom said you might want something to eat.’
‘I’m not hungry.’
‘Nerves, huh? I get the same with my band. Prefer a double vodka?’
I shake my head. ‘Where’s Tom?’
‘Band room. Soundchecking your support.’
‘Can you tell him I’m upstairs having a shower?’
‘Sure. Mind if I eat the burger?’
‘Be my guest.’
I gulp down the rest of my water. There are flies crawling upside-down across the front bar ceiling. They follow me as I climb up the stairs.
*
Clean clothes. I need clean clothes.
There’s the bag of Vee’s old dresses, but none of them would fit. Tom might have a spare pair of army shorts in his office. Pearl might have something.
Screw it.
I peel off the t-shirt Tom lent me and step into the shower otherwise dressed. The cold water sluices away the cemetery mud. My jeans shrink against my skin. My underpants are soon soaked. But it’s so hot I don’t care. Mud spirals down the plughole as I turn the water off. I towel myself. Squeeze the water out of my jeans. Pull on the t-shirt. Step out into the corridor still towelling my hair.
My phone is ringing.
As I pick it up I see the notifications: four missed calls. All within the last five minutes. I answer. ‘Hello?’
‘Is that Catherine St. James?’ asks a man I don’t recognise. ‘This the Emergency Department of Box Hill Hospital.’
‘Emergency?’
‘It’s your mother. Elaine St. James?’
‘What’s happened?’
‘There’s been an accident. A car accident. Apparently she was driving home from a class and she ran a red light.’
I can’t speak. I try. But nothing works. My head fills with white noise.
‘It’s… quite serious,’ says the voice. ‘She’s in surgery now. Are you able to come?’
No. Not my head. The white noise is coming from the corridor. I look up.
The corridor is black.
The storm, I think. The storm must have caused a blackout. But then the white noise becomes a buzzing. High pitched. Throbbing. Directionless, because it’s coming from all directions at once. I hold up my phone as a torch. In its thin light, I can see the walls moving.
The walls are covered in flies.
Swarming across the carpet. Heaving up the walls. Layers deep across the ceiling. The flies are so thick that they block out the lights. And all of them buzzing their wings.
‘Hello?’ says the nurse on the phone. ‘Hello?’
The fear buzzes inside me too.
I step back, holding my phone high. The light barely reaches two metres in front of me. Beyond that, the corridor vanishes into a dark infinity. The stench of rotten meat drifts out from the blackness towards me. I hear the pad of giant paws, the scrape of bones against bone.
The shadow cometh.
Run. My instinct is to run. The fear hums inside me like static.
But Vee is down that corridor. I’m not leaving her to the shadow. Not again. I stand firm, gripping my phone.
‘Did you do this?’ I ask it. ‘Did you hurt my mother?’
If you go to her, it hisses, if you go now, this instant, we will spare her.
‘But then Vee stays dead.’
Yes.
Phillip warned me. Rituals to perform, he said, and prices to be paid. The shadow writhes, waiting for me to choose.
This is impossible. How can I choose? My mother gave birth to me. She raised me. We never got along, but that’s a very different thing than never loving me. Of course I would choose my mother.
But then: Vee. Without Vee, I would be nothing. No band. No music. No life. Without Vee, I might as well have never existed. She was the fire to my fuel, the sun to my sky. And I killed her. And her phone call saved my life. Of course I would choose Vee.
Flies hiss. Bones rattle. The shadow is enjoying this.
‘Why me?’ I ask it. ‘Why me?’
The shadow laughs.
We smelled you from the day you were born, it answers. Weakling. Runtchild. Unwanted. Your parents should have left you on a hillside to die.
It’s right. They should have. Then they would both be alive and I wouldn’t be faced with this decision.
Except there is no decision, is there? Not really. Not now. Not after everything. I made my choice on the hillside at Terra Nullius. I made my choice the first time I picked up a guitar.
I’m sorry, Mum. I’m sorry.
I raise up my phone. I smash it screen first on the staircase newel.
The glass splinters. The light dies. I feel for the largest shard with my fingers. Pull it free. Grip it. And rake it along the skin of my forearm.
Blood. Pain. Pain and blood and the liquid secrets we hide inside our flesh. Exposed now. Dripping free. Falling to the Rook and Castle carpet. Blood of anger. Blood of witches. Blood of my mother, and my grandmother, and every woman shorn of her surname, branching backwards through millennia like veins, until we are dancing thick-thighed and naked in the forests of the night.
Blood magic. Old magic. Magic to drive back the dark.
I see your price, shadow, and I spit on it.
The flies retreat. The shadow melts into the darkness.
‘Catherine?’
A voice. Behind me. Pearl is climbing up the stairs. The lights flicker back to life.
She sees the blood. Her eyes go wide.
*
Don’t stop. Don’t think. Don’t mourn. The guilt will destroy you. Don’t think about your mother. Keep moving. Focus on Vee.
You can still save Vee.
*
‘What happened?’ asks Pearl. ‘Are you okay?’
‘Nothing. I’m fine. What did you want?’
‘You need a bandage. Here.’
Pearl grabs my hand and pulls me into the bathroom. The bathtub is stained with hair dye. Vee’s funeral dress still lies in the bin. I panic that Pearl might somehow work out what happened in here. But Pearl doesn’t see any of it. She grabs a first aid kit from the bathroom cabinet and starts tending to my cuts.
‘These are deep,’ she says. ‘You really need stitches.’
‘I don’t have time to get stitches. We’re on soon.’
‘Yeah. About that. I thought I should tell you rather than Tom.’
‘Tell me what?’
Pearl wraps the bandage tight. ‘Christian just came back.’
The news takes a few seconds to sink in. Then I run for the stairs, trailing bandages.
The front bar is packed. I elbow my way through, until I see a familiar shape slouched over a bourbon and Coke. He lifts his head as I squeeze in beside him, but he doesn’t turn to face at me.
‘The problem with rehab,’ he says into his glass, ‘is that there’s no bloody booze.’
64: APRIL 1994
That was that for the Stray Swans, really.
The single ‘No Decay’ was released six weeks after Vee’s death. There was a video, directed by someone I’d never heard of. It was mostly random stock footage and photographs of Vee.
Rolling Stone Australia ran their memorial cover. The article inside called us one of the best Melbourne bands of the 90s. I wasn’t fooled. We were a footnote in the local music scene. But pretty girls sell magazines, and Vee’s death was an excuse to put her on the cover.
The single debuted in the charts at number 7, fell to 21 over the next few weeks, and then sank. I knew why. The song was good, reviews were excellent, but the timing was all wrong. The song was too upbeat, too full of life. Too at odds with what had happened.
Everything I went through to write it. All for nothing.
Sapphire released ‘Breath to Breath’ as the second single, but by then it was too late. Interest in the band had wandered off. Cobain’s death meant Vee was no longer a story. Even in the dead musician charts, we never made number 1.
Martin sent me a gold master copy of the final CD, but I didn’t even opened the envelope. ‘I can’t listen to it,’ I told him over the phone. ‘I just can’t.’
My plaster came off. I started physio.
Phillip held bands meetings, but they were pointless. We couldn’t tour to promote the album, and I refused to give interviews. Phillip nodded sympathetically, but I could tell he was frustrated.
I made a deal. I intended to keep it.
Sapphire weren’t happy either. The album earned back maybe half of the advance. We need you to promote this, their reps kept saying, we’re losing money on this.
Tom scowled at them until they went away.
My guitars sat in their cases, unplayed. Eventually, my mother sold them to the Music Exchange.
Christian drank too much. He moved to Perth, then to LA without telling us. Whatever friendship, whatever history had tied us together, it was gone. The band didn’t so much break-up as evaporate.
Tom and I still met occasionally.
We had a drink at the Napier Hotel one Sunday afternoon. I limped in through the side door, found him shooting pool by himself.
‘Two beers then?’ I joked.
He smiled his half-smile. We bought drinks and settled down in the old leather couch, my crutches resting against the open fireplace.
‘I’ve been asked to join a band,’ he said.
‘Yeah?’
‘Yeah. The Architecture of Restraint.’
I’d heard of them vaguely, but had no idea what they sounded like. ‘Don’t they have a drummer already?’
‘They kicked him out. Timewaster.’
‘Ah.’ Of the three great sins in Tom’s book, timewasting was the most dire. I shifted back into the couch, massaging the ache out of my leg. ‘I’m going to uni,’ I told him. ‘Mature age student. Four years from now I’ll be a maths teacher.’
‘Not guitar?’
‘No.’
Tom pursed his mouth. ‘You should start a new band, Cat. You write great songs.’
I shook my head. I couldn’t. That part of me had died back in the crash.
We sat together in silence, listening to Johnny Cash over the pub’s stereo. It was autumn outside, and real Melbourne weather, alternating blistering heat and Biblical rain in half hour shifts.
The band was dead. The dream was over. I drank a silent toast to its passing.
65: NOW
Backstage. The support band are busy preening in the giant cracked mirror. Tom kicks them out. The three of us stand in different corners of the green room, arms folded, not sure what to say.
‘I’m not doing this for Vee,’ Christian says. ‘Vee’s dead. You just have deal with it, Cat.’
I hold my tongue. Christian takes a deep breath. He still won’t meet my eyes.
‘We’re all so old now,’ he continues. ‘We’re all old and fat and messed up. But this band was the only worthwhile thing I ever did in my life. So, yeah, I’m in.’
‘Thank you, Christian,’ I say. I look over at Tom, questioning.
He nods. ‘Of course I’m in.’
Christian exhales heavily. ‘I need a drink. Like, I really, really need a drink.’
‘We need you sober.’
He nods, but I can see the panic in his eyes.
‘We’ll get through this,’ I tell him. ‘Promise.’
He nods again. And that’s when I notice a single blowfly crawling out of the crack in the backstage mirror.
*
The support band start. I’m so tense they sound like factory noise. I can’t even remember their name. Some band Tom found for us. They look like children up there on stage.
Pearl brings Christian a long black. He hunches over it, breathing in the caffeine. She strokes his hair as if he was a little kid. I scan the rest of the crowd. The band room is only a quarter full. But the beer garden is packed. Punters huddle against the hot summer wind, pots of beer in one hand, desperate smokes in the other. No support band in the world can compete against the power of nicotine.
I’m too scared to ask Tom about door sales.
I step out into the beer garden, hoping the fresh air will calm my nerves. The night sky is grey. Leaves and grit swirl through the air. The storm is almost here. Electricity builds above us.
Soon, Vee. Soon.
I flex my fingers. The bandage is tight on my forearm, making my hand stiff. The cuts weren’t deep enough to sever a vein or a tendon, but it’s still going to make playing difficult.
Waaberi steps out from the kitchen for a cigarette break. He sees me. Smiles. Offers me a smoke. I shake my head.
‘Excited?’ he asks me.
‘Terrified,’ I reply.
Lightning flashes above us. Thunder booms so loud the beer glasses rattle. Punters flinch. Waaberi laughs.
Tom pokes his head out the door. ‘Cat! We’re on.’
‘Good luck,’ says Waaberi.
I nod. The first wild drops of rain hit. I close my eyes, feeling the droplets brush against me. Lightning snakes across the sky…
‘Cat!’ yells Tom again.
Now or never. Come back to us, Vee.
I take a deep breath. I run inside.
MEMORABILIA #10
The Stray Swans
Never Forget
Sapphire
It’s really hard to review this album. You can listen to the music, and you can appreciate how the Stray Swans have matured as a band. Gone is the teenage angst of their first album. In its place is a sensuous and brooding new sound. There are some beautiful new songs here, like the previous single ‘Bloodwood’ and the wonderful ‘Breath to Breath’. Even the new single ‘No Decay’ hints at an intriguing new industrial-electronic direction for the band.
But that’s the problem. There is no new direction for the band. Lead singer Vee died recently in a car accident. It’s impossible to listen to her singing without remembering she’s dead.
And the worst part is, this album is good, but it’s hardly perfect. To be honest, it’s a bit samey. There are too many brooding songs, and not enough rage. My main thought, after listening to this album, was wondering what their next album would sound like. But that album will never be made.
3 stars
66: NOW
Applause as we enter. Stage lights bright in our eyes. The audience is just shadows and noise. Tom drum-rolls up and down his toms. Christian nervously tunes his bass. I walk slowly up to the microphone.
‘Hi,’ I say. My throat is dry. ‘We’re the Stray Swans.’
Scattered applause. I strap on my guitar. The audience are silent, waiting. Wind howls outside, rattling the band room doors.
Gently, quietly, I start picking the chords to ‘Remember’.
The riff is simple, folk blues, looping over and over. Christian nods his head, counting the beat, and then brings in a sparse bass line. Tom brushes his cymbals, adding colour. But we’re nervous, skittish, not yet together. Christian, Tom and I look each other in the eyes, trying to find the connection we used to share.
The foldback monitors buzz. Static, I think. Or the storm. But when I look down at the monitors, I can see the flies crawling all over them. The shadow is here. It’s not giving up without a fight.
Is my mother still alive, I wonder. Is the hospital still trying to call me on my shattered phone?
We play louder.
Tom brings in the kick drum. The audience mutter, not recognising the song. We’re playing the notes, but it doesn’t sound right. We’re not clicking.
Lightning cracks. The flies rise up into the air.
I close my eyes, repeating the riff, repeating it again. Come on, I think to the others. Get it together. Why can’t we get it together? What must we look like to this audience? Sad old rockers who couldn’t let go? Too grey, too fat, too stupid to realise their time is over?
I look out over the crowd. They’re standing still, half turned away, embarrassed by us making fools of ourselves on stage.
Behind them is the shadow.
It looms over the entire crowd. Vast. Wolf-like. A skeleton full of flies, rotting skin hanging in flaps off grey bone. The skull eyes fix on me. The dead jaws pull back in a smile.
You still have time, it says. But not for much longer.
My hands shake. My fingers sweat.
Your mother is still in surgery. An embolism is blooming in her skull. Shall we save her? Or shall we let her brain drown in her own blood?
I drop my plectrum.
I can’t do this. I can’t fight this thing. It’s too big. It’s too cruel. Too many people have died already. Let the shadow have me. Let this be over.
Christian frowns at me, still playing.
I shake my head. We failed. I unplug my guitar.
He yells something at me, but I can’t hear him. I can’t hear the music. I can’t hear the storm. All I can hear is the buzz of the flies. I start to walk off stage. Tom stops drumming in confusion. The crowd mumbles. The music dies.
Christian stops me leaving. He stands in front of me, looking into my eyes.
He plays a note. Another. More. He plays the bass riff for ‘Remember’.
And in that riff is everything. The moment we first met. The last time we talked. The bad jokes. The slow afternoons in rehearsal. The ashtrays. The empty beer glasses. The buzz of a beer-soaked PA. The weight of the amps as we packed them into the van. The endless driving. The cheap motels. The stench of jeans that haven’t been washed for weeks. The shared cigarettes. The excitement of holding our first CD. The anger at a bad review. The rush of being on stage. The boredom afterwards. The joy. The terror. The love.
Everything.
Tom joins in. The music builds around me. The flies buzz and swoop louder, but I’m not listening to them. I listen to the bass. I listen to the drums. I listen to them unite. I listen to them become music.
There is more than one kind of magic. There is more than one way to drive back the dark. I plug my guitar back in. I close my eyes. I play.
And we connect. Finally. After all these years. We connect. Bass and guitar and drums lock in together. The music flows through us like electricity.
The flies fall away.
We play louder.
The music builds. The PA rattles. Audience members nod their heads.
The shadow crouches, snarling, angry.
Louder.
The stage shakes. Feedback feeds back. People cheer and dance.
The shadow leaps towards the stage.
LOUDER.
Louder than darkness. Louder than fear. Louder than sorrow. Louder than death. We pour it all into our instruments, everything louder than everything else.
The shadow hits the wall of music. Its skin peels off. Its bones fall apart. It dissolves into dust, and the music blows the dust away.
LOUDER.
And then… quiet.
A whisper at the side of the stage.
Heart bursting in my chest.
Bare feet step over the gaffer tape and leads. Vee smiles into the mic.
‘Lightning snakes across the sky,’ she sings. ‘Remember… Remember me…’
The crowd cries out with joy.
*
We play the hits. ‘Scars’. ‘Bloodwood’. ‘Glass Slipper’. Christian is laughing. Vee throws herself into the mosh pit and crowd surfs around the room. Even Tom is grinning. The energy flows between us, lifting us, cleansing us. The shadow is gone, driven away.
I want to hold this moment, freeze time right here forever. But music can only exist if time flows. Notes vibrate in the air and then are gone.
Last song of the main set. ‘No Decay’. I set my distortion pedal and start the opening riff. The crowd applaud. Vee leans against me as she sings.
The song ends. The song always ends. I feel split open. Empty. Pure.
‘Thanks!’ Vee waves to the crowd and skips off stage. I rack my guitar and race after her, letting the last of the feedback die away.
*
Backstage. Vee leans in the corner, arms crossed, hair covering her face, a beer in one hand. I stop, not sure what to say.
She looks different. Wiser in her eyes, stranger in her smile. She’s not the child-woman she was. But she’s Vee. We saved her.
‘You came back,’ I say eventually.
‘Yeah,’ she smiles. ‘Thanks to you.’
I run to her. Hug her. Hold her so tight she laughs.
‘Holy crap,’ says Christian, squeezing backstage with us. ‘It actually worked.’
Vee grins, her arms still around me. ‘You doubted little shortie here?’
‘Yeah,’ he says. ‘I did.’
Vee shakes her head. ‘Ye of little faith, Christian. Ye of little faith.’
He hugs her too, shaking. Tom comes up from behind and wraps his arms around us all, clinching us together. We smell like sweat and alcohol and love.
Vee yelps. ‘Need to breathe in here!’
We let go, laughing.
Vee coughs, like a cat bringing up a hairball. She sticks a finger into her mouth and pulls out the black flower. It’s sodden now and falling apart. Vee frowns at it, shrugs, and tosses it into the bin.
Clapping from out in the main room. People chanting our name.
‘Encore time,’ says Tom.
Vee skols the rest of her beer and grins. ‘I’m ready.’
*
Stage lights in our eyes. The audience nothing but silhouettes and noise.
‘Um. This is our last song,’ says Vee. ‘Cat wrote this for her father. We were going to release it as a single, but… well, anyway. It’s called “The Flowers and the Weeds”.’
I start quietly on acoustic guitar. Vee holds the microphone, eyes closed, face hidden behind her coral hair. She smiles as she sings the first verse.
Bass and drums sneak quietly in. We build slowly, rising up through the second verse, the chorus, the bridge. Chorus again, louder, aching. Crescendo.
And then we drop back for the outro. Just Vee’s voice and my guitar. She whispers the last lines over and over.
the flowers and the weeds
the flowers and the weeds…
The entire pub is silent. I can hear people holding their breath.
And then the applause wells up.
Vee smiles. She takes my hand, holds it up. We bow together.
And the rest of the band, Tom and Christian joining us. Arms around each other. Bowing and grinning like idiots.
‘Christ I need a beer,’ Vee whispers to us. ‘Your shout, right, Tom?’
She jumps off the stage into the crowd.
*
I should call the hospital. I should find out about Mum. But Vee has slipped into the crowds.
I try to follow her. There are people everywhere. Cheering. Shaking my hand. Patting my back. Telling me we were the first band they ever saw live, the first CD they ever loved. Buying me shots. Handing me beers. Getting in my way.
I’ve lost Vee.
The DJ starts playing Dinosaur Jr over the PA so loud people have to yell. Tom and Waaberi dance. Christian props up the bar, his hand on Pearl’s backside.
‘Hey!’ I yell at him. ‘Where’s Vee?’
‘Great gig!’ Pearl yells back.
‘Christian? Where’s Vee?’
‘No idea.’ Christian shrugs and starts nibbling on Pearl’s shoulder. She giggles and slaps him away.
‘Christian. Where is Vee?’
‘I have no idea! On the loo? Outside for a smoke? How would I know?’
I look towards the exit door, but I’m too short to see anything. I start elbowing my way through the crowd.
*
The band room door bangs open, and I’m hit with the smell of hot bitumen after rain. The storm is over. The night air is clear and warm.
Vee stands on the footpath, barefoot, cigarette in one hand. At first I think she’s looking up at the full moon. Then I see the raven perched on the Rook and Castle’s sign. Vee smiles when she sees me.
‘G’day shortie,’ she says. ‘Want to go for a walk?’
67: NOW
‘Yes,’ I say. ‘Yes.’
We start off around the block. The footpath is wet from the storm. The night air is scorching. Rubbish and broken branches are strewn across the streets. Vee dodges around the dog poo and broken glass. I fan my t-shirt, still sweaty from the gig.
We walk together in silence. Simply walking beside her is enough. I had forgotten her giraffe-like stride, the sway of her hair, the way her face lights up as she looks around.
We don’t speak until we turn the first corner.
‘So how are you going, shortie?’ she asks eventually.
‘I’ve been better. You?’
She looks at me sideways and raises an eyebrow.
‘Oh,’ I say. ‘Right. Sorry.’
She laughs. We walk on around the second corner.
‘You know what I miss?’ she asks.
‘Breathing?’
‘All the new music,’ she answers. ‘There must have been a thousand new bands that I’ve missed.’
‘Millions,’ I say. ‘Most of them were terrible.’
‘Most of everything is terrible,’ she says. ‘It’s the good stuff that matters. Go on. Tell me. Who’s your favourite new band?’
‘I don’t have one, Vee. I’m too old.’
‘You’re not old, Cat. Don’t be silly.’
‘Nirvana is retro now. That’s how old I am.’
‘Stop trying to be funny. Tell me.’
I have to think. We turn the third corner.
‘There is one song,’ I say. ‘From one of my students. It’s noisy and horrible and weird. But it’s growing on me.’
Vee grins. ‘I knew there would be something. Can you play it to me?’
‘It’s not finished yet. We had a bit of a fight, this student and me. I suppose I should apologise to her.’
‘Maybe.’
I stop. ‘I should apologise to you, too.’
Vee laughs. ‘Me?’
‘For the accident.’
Vee walks on, not answering.
‘You must hate me so much,’ I continue. ‘I was drunk and I was stupid. I shouldn’t have been driving. I certainly shouldn’t have let you come with me in the car.’
Vee looks away. ‘What happened, Cat. You can’t change the past.’
‘I killed you. You must hate me. How can you not hate me for that?’
Vee shakes her head. Her hair ripples in the streetlight. ‘The dead don’t hate anyone,’ she says. ‘The dead are just dead. There’s no hate. There’s no love. There’s not even darkness. Our lights simply go out and we’re gone.’
She walks up to me. She brushes my cheek with her hand.
‘You have to forgive yourself, shortie. You have to stop haunting me.’
‘Me? Haunting you?’
Vee smiles sadly. ‘I told you. The dead are just dead. It’s the living who won’t let go.’
‘I don’t want to let go. I need you. You were my best friend. You’re all I have.’
‘Nonsense, Cat. You have your entire life. Which, not to be cruel about it, is more than I have.’
‘But…’
‘Shh. Here.’
She licks her thumb and draws a crucifix on my forehead with it.
‘In the name of Nirvana,’ she says, ‘and the Pixies, and the holy Sonic Youth, I absolve you of all your sins. As penance, you must discover wonderful new bands, and make wonderful new music, and generally live a wonderful life. Amen.’
‘Idiot,’ I say, throat tight with gratitude.
‘No problem.’ She chews her lip for a moment. ‘Christian’s not looking too great, is he?’
‘No, he’s not.’
‘You need to take care of him, Cat. Losing one friend is bad enough. Lose two friends, people will start to think you’re cursed.’
I laugh. She’s right, though. Christian needs my help as much as Vee did.
‘Come on,’ she says.
She takes my hand. We turn the final corner.
*
Back to the Rook and Castle. Tom and Christian are on the footpath, leaning up against the wall. They both have drinks in their hands: orange juice for Tom, a double scotch for Christian.
They wave at us. Vee waves happily back.
A car is parked outside the Rook and Castle. A red Holden Kingswood. The paintwork is perfect. A toy Chewbacca dangles from the rear-view mirror.
‘Is that yours?’ I ask Christian.
Before he can answer, a black storm of ravens swoops down out of the sky. They circle the street, buffet us with their wings, and land cawing all over the Kingswood.
Sharp beaks turn towards us as we approach.
‘Hey,’ says Vee quietly. ‘My ride.’
Tom leaps up. ‘But we brought you back.’
Vee smiles sadly and throws away the stub of her cigarette.
‘For a visit,’ she says. ‘I’m not allowed to stay.’
She starts walking towards the car. The ravens caw and rustle their wings. Hungry claws scrape against the duco.
‘No!’ cries Christian. ‘Wait!’ He runs up to her, voice urgent. ‘Let me go instead.’
Vee shakes her head. ‘Christian…’
‘Seriously,’ he says. ‘I’ve messed everything up. I’m a drunk. I’m a loser. I have a terrible job. Let me do one thing that’s worthwhile. Please?’
He falls to his knees, begging her. Vee puts a hand on his head.
‘It doesn’t work that way,’ she says.
‘Of course it does! That’s the price, right? A life for a life?’
The ravens caw again, impatient.
‘No,’ I say, finally understanding. ‘The price is that the dead stay dead.’
Vee nods. ‘And the living have to keep living.’
Christian holds her, wet tears running over his cheekbones and staining the collar of his shirt. Vee wraps her arms around him, kisses him on the forehead.
‘Look after yourself,’ she says.
He doesn’t answer. He can’t. Vee squeezes him tightly and stands up. She lopes over to Tom and hugs him too.
‘Fight the good fight, Tom Balloch.’ she says.
‘Always.’
‘And make an honest man out of that gorgeous boyfriend.’
‘As soon as the law lets me.’
They hug again. Break apart. Vee turns to me.
And suddenly we’re both too shy to speak. She smiles at me, bashful through her long coral hair. I fiddle with my glasses. I wipe my sweaty hands on the back of my jeans.
‘Thanks for the phone call,’ I say, finally. ‘I think you saved my life.’
‘Oh!’ She laughs nervously. ‘Yeah. That.’
Tom shakes his head. ‘You morons. Hug already!’
So we do. Her long arms swathe around me, my belly presses against her skinny hips. Hair in each other’s faces. My head on her chest, her head resting on mine. We squeeze each other so tightly I can hear her heart pulse.
She pulls back so we can see each other’s eyes.
And then we kiss. Lips to lips. Breath to breath. Friendship to friendship, stronger than death.
‘Thanks, Cat,’ she whispers. ‘For everything. Go be wonderful.’
She lets go.
She walks over to the car.
She only looks back as she climbs into the driver’s seat. Green and purple strands of hair cover her face like vines in a jungle. Ophelia in the river. The flowers and the weeds. Her eyes are red. Her lip trembles. She smiles at us one last time.
Then the door closes. The engine starts. The Kingswood drives off into the night. The ravens wheel up and follow, black wings beating against a black sky.
Gone.
Silence.
‘When the hell did she learn to drive?’ asks Christian.
I help him back up to his feet.
Pearl comes out from the band room. Her face is white.
The hospital is on the phone, she says.
They have bad news.
CODA
Backstage, the Rook and Castle. Five months later.
I tune up my new Rickenbacker twelve-string. Check the batteries in my pedals for the seventh time. Wipe my palms on my jeans and take deep cleansing breaths.
You’ll be fine, Catherine. You’ll be fine. Trust me. What’s the worst that can happen? A hellhound will eat you?
Waaberi pokes his head in. ‘How’s it going?’
‘I’m peeing my pants back here.’
‘You’ll be great. Your support band is about to start.’
I place the Rickenbacker carefully back on its stand and follow Waaberi out to the band room proper. The crowd is small and very, very young. I recognise several of the students from my school.
My ex-school, I should say. I still need to find another job.
Christian is up the back, glaring resentfully at a lemonade in his hands.
‘Just ’cause Tom’s all straight-edge,’ he grumbles, ‘doesn’t mean he has to inflict it on us.’
‘It’s an all ages venue, Christian,’ I tell him. ‘Anyway, I thought you just got out of rehab.’
‘Yeah. It was great! They served the best mojitos.’
We haven’t spoken since my mother’s funeral.
She died in surgery. Embolism. Just like the shadow said. As far as I can tell from the medical reports, she died at exactly the same moment I plugged my guitar back in.
I made the wrong choice. I know that. I sacrificed my mother for a single night with my friend. Oh, I could quibble: it wasn’t me, it was the shadow, blame the hellhound, not me. But that would be a lie. I made the choice. And I chose wrong.
I will wear that mistake like a scar for the rest of my life.
I can’t change that now. All I can do is move forward. All I can do is what Vee told me to do. Discover new bands. Make new music. Live what is left of my life.
There’s a runsheet by the doorway. The headline slot reads:
CATHERINE ST. JAMES (THE STRAY SWANS).
A cheer from the audience. My support band is setting up.
Shanti lugs her guitar up on stage while Tom helps Fiona plug in her laptop. They’re both wearing beaten-up Docs and have dyed their tangled hair blue.
‘Stupid grunge revival!’ heckles Christian. ‘It’s not cool to copy your grandparents!’
Shanti gives him the finger. I clap her and cheer.
She steps up to the mic.
‘Hi. We’re called Personal Space Invaders. This is our first ever gig.’ She stops, adjusting her guitar strap. ‘God. That has to be the most terrifying thing an audience can ever hear.’
Her school friends laugh.
‘No wait. That’s the second most terrifying thing. The worst thing is “my mum thinks we’re really good”. But it’s okay. You’re safe. My mum thinks we’re awful.’
More laughter. The mention of mothers stings me like a wasp. Fiona accidentally hits the wrong button on her laptop. The PA squeals. She frantically mashes buttons until it stops.
‘Crap. Sorry.’
A moment of silence. Tom comes over to join us. He casually steals Christian’s drink. Swigs. Hands it back. Christian grins and swigs too.
Vee watches down on us from the poster on the wall.
I miss her. Every day. Like knives in my chest. But the living have to keep living, she said. And she’s right. It’s messy and it’s painful and it’s tedious hard work. But it’s worth it. Because this is how you drive back the shadow. Not with blood and ritual. You drive it back with friendship, and with music, and with love.
‘Okay,’ says Shanti. ‘This song is for Miss J.’
Fiona presses a button on her laptop. Music starts, a rhythmic pulse of rattles and bleeps. Shanti flexes her fingers and hits her first power chord.
They play something wonderful.
They play something new.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
This book was edited by Scott Vandervalk. Thanks, Scott, for making it sharper.
Thanks to everyone who gave feedback on early drafts: Alex Adsett, Alison Barton, Celia Scott, David Conyers, David Foreman, Emilly McLeay, Georgia Winter, Holly Eyles, Louis Arthur, Nicole Eckersley, Patrick O’Duffy, Peter Tracy, Renee McAlister, Roberto Massaglia, and Welton B. Marsland
Thanks to Amanda Palmer, Zoe Keating and Talie Helene for their blog posts about the music industry. Thanks also to the Paradise Motel, my favourite Melbourne band from the 90s, for their reunion gig in January 2008 at the Toff in Town that inspired this book.
Very special thanks to Alex Hammond, for his years of advice and support.
And finally, infinite thanks to Angelica East, to whom this book is dedicated.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
David Witteveen is a writer based in Melbourne, Australia. He has published several short stories, ran the flash fiction blog Melbourne by Dusk, and regularly produces zines and minicomics. This is his first novel.

You can find him on the internet at:
Website: davidwitteveen.tumblr.com
Twitter: @davidwitteveen




MEMORABILIA #11
Catherine St. James
The Living Have to Keep Living
Independent
After a twenty-five year hiatus, guitarist Catherine St. James from 90s Melbourne band the Stray Swans returns with her solo debut. But don’t expect Swans-style grunge rock. This album is all dreamlike instrumentals. St. James plays every part herself, looping her guitar through a variety of effects pedals. When it works, such as on the tracks ‘Mixing Wine and Valium’ and ‘Driving Away’, the result is dark, lush and psychedelic. But it doesn’t always work. ‘Louder than Death’ is a wailing metal solo with too much technique and not enough soul. ‘For Phillip’ eschews melody completely in favour of four minutes of harsh, unlistenable noise. Perhaps the best track is the album closer, a haunting instrumental version of the unreleased Stray Swans song ‘The Flowers and the Weeds’, dedicated to St. James’s deceased parents. This is not a perfect album. But it’s a welcome return for the guitar veteran, and it shows St. James still has more music to make.
4 stars



Back to Contents
