The Avenging of Quincy Paulson
By S. Mitchener

Published by S. Mitchener at Smashwords
Copyright 2011 S. Mitchener


Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 

Table of Contents

Chapter One: Friday 
Chapter Two: Saturday
Chapter Three: Sunday
Chapter Four: Monday 
Chapter Five: Tuesday
Chapter Six: Wednesday 
Chapter Seven: Thursday 
Chapter Eight: Friday
Chapter Nine: Saturday
Chapter Ten: Sunday 
Chapter Eleven: Monday 
Chapter Twelve: Tuesday 

Chapter One: Friday
The sky lit up as bright as day for a fraction of a second, then the world was plunged into utter darkness again. Then again and again the lightning flashed, putting on a dizzying display while the thunder rolled and banged, sometimes clapping as if bent on blowing Jim's eardrums in. He rolled over and put his arm on Megan's and drummed his fingers on her shoulder.
'This girl can sleep through anything,' he thought.
After watching the storm for a few minutes, he got up and walked over to the door that led to the balcony. It was already raining across the glen and he could smell it coming. He slid the door shut and turned around as the first drops splattered on the glass. He smiled to himself and went to the washroom, picking up a cigarette from the nightstand on the way by. The wind picked up suddenly and the rain built to a deluge in a few moments. He looked up at the roof and raised an eyebrow at the drumming of the rain. The roof of the house creaked in the wind and he asked himself how the Hell Megan could sleep through something like this.
Flicking the cigarette into the toilet, he switched off the light and wandered back into the bedroom, where he was surprised to find that Megan had finally awakened. 
'God, she's good looking,' he thought.
"James?" she whispered, her voice almost lost in the storm.
"Yeah?" He sat down on the edge of the bed. 
"You get the door closed?" 
"Uh-huh, just in time," he said, rolling his head back as she began to knead his shoulders.
"How about downstairs? I think there's a couple of windows open," she said, letting her nails dig into his shoulders, just a bit, the way he liked.
"Shit. I didn't think of that," he said, groaning as he pulled away from her tantalizing fingers. She was right, he knew, there were a couple of windows that needed to be shut before the carpet got ruined and the draperies got torn down in the wind. He sighed.
In the dark of the short hallway, Jim held his hand out in front of himself, feeling his way down the wall until he felt the wrought iron railing curving down and to the right as it followed the spiral staircase to the main floor. He started down and watched for the next flash of lightning to light his way. It wasn't long in coming and by the time he reached the bottom of the staircase, he could see that half of his living room was soaked from the blowing rain. He cursed himself for not thinking of closing up the windows before they went to bed, but the breeze had been so pleasant.
'Oh well, it'll dry out," he told himself. He reached for the window just as a gust came up, laden with rain, which sprayed through the screen and doused his chest, causing him to gasp and shrink away from the cold. 
He was about to laugh at himself for his reaction to the cold and reached back up for the window, when he looked out and across the lawn. It was thirty feet from the window to the seven foot hedge that provided privacy from the street beyond, and the rain was falling so hard that it was almost impossible to see that far. But through the rain he glimpsed a figure struggling to its feet at the foot of the hedge. Jim pulled the window shut and leaned against the pane, straining his eyes to see who was in his yard. 
The figure stood and looked around, looked right at Jim and stared for a moment. A shiver ran down Jim's spine as his eyes met those of the person standing in the rain. It was a little man who looked to be about a hundred years old and he seemed to be in great pain. His hand came out in front of him and made a pleading gesture. Jim stepped back from the window just as another flash lit everything up, blinding him for an instant and when his eyes readjusted, the figure in the yard was gone. Jim shuddered.
All of his life, Jim has been terrified of thunderstorms. After one weekend on a camping trip, he realized his fear was greatly exaggerated. He'd been afraid to admit his fear to Megan, who had refused to leave the forest just for a storm. He'd sat through it and lived, though in its midst he'd had his doubts. He was still nervous. Now he could only think that the little figure in his yard had been something conjured up in the back of his mind because of his old phobia. He closed the other window and turned around, almost running back up the stairs and diving into the bed, where Megan was sitting up waiting for him. He shivered, still wet and cold, though he knew he was shivering more out of fear, and he jumped when Megan reached out and touched him. 
"What's wrong, Jim?" she asked, putting her arm across his chest as she lay down beside him. 
"I thought I saw something outside…" he stopped and thought briefly about whether she would think him insane, but went on."I thought I saw someone laying out by the hedge."
"You're joking!" she said. They both knew he wasn't. 
"It looked like he'd fallen and was trying to get back up."
"He?" Megan asked. She was beginning to realize just how shaken Jim really was. She snuggled up against him and drew the blanket up over them.
"Yeah, it looked like a little old man and he was getting up like he'd hurt himself. Then he looked right at me and held his hand out as though he wanted me to help…Then he was gone."
Megan shuddered with him this time, and then she closed her eyes and laid her head on his chest. She understood his fear of storms and figured it was just a combination of that fact and the overtime he'd been working for the past few weeks. And it was, after all, a terrible storm. The rain was still pounding relentlessly on the roof and the windows, and the house creaked on its wooden frame, as if threatening to fall around itself. 
Somehow she just knew it would be a waste of time to reach for the light - the power always went out in windy weather or in wet weather, so surely it would be off in a raging gale. The light would have made them both feel more secure. Knowing it wouldn't work make Jim feel worse.
As the hours slipped by, the storm abated somewhat, and both Jim and Megan were still lying awake, wondering about what he'd seen or thought he'd seen. She stroked his chest. He stroked her arm with one arm and held her very close with the other. It was almost a surprise when they realized they were both aroused and they began to make love, slowly and lovingly despite the still drumming rain. 
'He'll be alright,' she told herself, 'just overtired and scared.'

Chapter Two: Saturday
The sun was out when Jim opened his eyes. The room was still and a little stuffy. Megan was still half atop him, where she'd gone to sleep while they still embraced. He smiled and decided not to move, lest her wake her. He wanted to get up and open the door and let some fresh air in, but it could wait. Then he remembered what he'd seen. Thought he'd seen? He didn't know. 
Reaching over to the nightstand, he retrieved a cigarette and turned the radio on low. The voice on the radio was reading the news, none of which was good. Government announced new taxes; higher of course. More people were laid off from the manufacturing community. Some country that had more letters to its name than soldiers to its army had been invaded. And eighty-nine year old Quincy Paulson was murdered the night before. The announcer took exception to this last story, elaborating that the diminutive man had been robbed of 'ten dollars tops, maybe twelve,' said a friend, by a group of 'large, burly men', while bar-goers watched by. The announcer called it deplorable that citizens of this city, his very neighbors, would stand idly by while 'ne'er-do-wells' overthrew a hundred and ten pounds of a one-time war hero.
Jim sat bolt upright.
The cigarette rolled onto the floor and started burning a hole in the long carpet. Suddenly, Jim's mind saw a clearer picture of what he'd seen the night before. A little old man wearing a trench coat with four military medals pinned to it, who had been in the newspaper only a couple weeks before. It stuck in his mind because Jim had seen the old man walking around downtown one day and seen him in the paper the next. 
'Of course,' Jim thought, 'it was him. How many eighty-nine year old war heroes can one city have wandering around in trench coats with medals pinned to them?' But, the damned radio said it had happened downtown around midnight, and Jim had been closing the window right around midnight. Jim's house was six miles from the alley where Quincy Paulson met his bitter end. 
'It isn't possible,' Jim told himself, wiping the sweat from his brow. The sweat ran freely off his whole body as he shivered.
"James?" Megan asked, to no avail. She tried again. "Jimmy?"
"Huh? Oh, I'm sorry." He leaned back against the headboard and tried to slow his heartbeat by taking deep, slow breaths. She held his hand and kept repeating that everything was alright. She had seen him have a rough time getting through a storm, but she had never seen him, or anyone else, act this way.
"I'm sorry baby. I was just…Having a bad dream, I guess."
"Jeez, the way you bolted there, damn near threw me off the bed. How'd the radio get on?" she asked, then, before he could offer an answer, she sniffed at the air and he remembered the cigarette.
"Son of a bitch!" he shouted as he jumped out of the bed and grabbed the cigarette out of the three inch diameter hole in the melted carpet. He stomped his foot on the tiny flame that was trying its best to become a big flame. The melted Orlon stuck painfully to his foot, and he repeated himself as he hopped into the bathroom where he stuck his foot in the sink and turned the tap on. 
"How the Hell did you manage that?" Megan called after him, as she reached down, still lying on the bed, and brushed at the big ugly burn mark on the carpet. He muttered something that didn't sound very nice. She didn't ask him to repeat it. 
"Forgot I had the damned thing. I must have dropped it when I jumped up," he said, sitting back on the edge of the bed a few minutes later. He lifted his foot and turned it upside down, looking at the large reddening spot. 
"Since when do you smoke in your sleep?" she demanded.
"What?" Jim failed to see the connection. 
"You said you were having a bad dream. Were you asleep, or were you going off the deep end?" As soon as the words were out she wished she had chosen different ones. He glared at her and then sighed resignedly.
"Look, that episode last night got me rattled a bit and this morning on the radio…" he paused and took a deep breath, "an old guy was killed last night and it seemed to me that it was this guy they were talking about that I saw. It scared me more than just a bit, I'll tell you."
"Well…" she started, then paused, sorting her thoughts. "I don't understand. How would you know what the guy looked like?"
"They said his name was Quincy Paulson, an old vet and just a while ago there was a story in the paper on him. Ran a picture and everything," he stopped, not knowing what to think, much less what to say to Megan, who, even though she understood his fears, thought he was going nuts. 
"How do you know that's who you think you saw in the yard? He was just another old man. Little old men all look alike, for God's sake." she said, still laying across the bed. 
"Not this one. I didn't take much notice of it when he was staring me in the eye, but he was wearing a trench coat and his medals were on it, shiny like they were new, and his face was all screwed up with pain…" He had to stop, as he was getting quite upset again. Megan sat up beside him and took his hand. She hated to see him so wound up, it got her wound up too, then neither of them could think straight. 
"I don't remember seeing it in the paper." she said, thinking.
"It was just a little column. I remember because I saw the guy downtown and then he was in the paper…" he lowered his voice and went on to say: "then he's in my God damn yard."

After showering and dressing, the couple went downstairs to tackle the job of mopping what the storm had blown in. There was a lot of water soaked into the carpet which they hoped wouldn't stain. An ashtray that had been on an end table had been knocked to the floor by a blowing curtain, but it hadn't been a dirty one, luckily. In a matter of hours the carpet was as good as new and they sat down for lunch in the nook. 
A couple of hastily made sandwiches and two cups of instant coffee were lunch, and it was gone in moments, leaving them sitting there looking out the window. There were a few scattered clouds around, but it promised to be a nice day for the most part. Jim felt relaxed to the point of forgetting the incident the night before.
That afternoon was spent at the shopping mall where Jim went to the liquor store with one list while Megan went to the grocery store with another, both in search of the requisites of the party they had staged for that evening. They were expecting a dozen of their friends around seven for drinks and chit-chat, and though everyone would bring something, they knew well enough that none of their friends stopped drinking when their own booze was gone, nor eating when their snacks were gone. 
When seven o'clock rolled around, Megan was in the kitchen with the potato chips and pretzels, while Jim set up the folding chairs out on the patio. The first of the friends arrive and the drinks began to flow. As each couple arrived, another round of drinks went out, so by the time the last couple arrived, nine-thirty, the original few were pretty loaded. Jim particularly was feeling no pain. He was talking louder and more than usual, and making less sense, his steps inconsistent when he went for more drinks. 
The party was rolling nicely along as the sun went down and an unexpected storm rolled down out of the hills and caught everyone off guard. They all began running in and out of the house in an attempt to get everything in before the wind and rain got too out of hand. Jim was on the way out of the door to grab the last chair when he saw the figure he'd seen the previous night, and his body stopped, his mind shutting down momentarily. 
"Dear God!" he spat incredulously, causing the other dozen people to stop laughing and chatting, and turn to look at Jim who was shaking visibly.
Jim's eyes were riveted on the trembling figure lying on his lawn, just at the foot of the hedge, as it struggled shakily to its feet. It was the old man whose eyes were alight with fear, his face distorted with pain. The old man looked around and then looked right at Jim and held out his hand, gesturing his need for help. His lips mouthed out a message that Jim could not read. His jaw dropped and closed again and then Megan was standing in front of him, shaking him by the shoulders and shouting at him. He grabbed her and pulled her to him and looked over her shoulder. The old man was gone and he could feel the eyes of all his guests burning into his back. What could he tell them?
"James? What is it?" Megan whispered hoarsely. 
"That old man! He was there again… The same spot." he said, his voice shaking as badly as the rest of him. His wife was pushing him toward the door.
"You're going to catch your death of cold out here. Everyone thinks you're just drunk, so don't worry about them." she told him, sensing his building embarrassment.
"Jesus, they're all looking at me." he said out of the corner of his mouth as he smiled at them on his way across the patio.
"They're all drunk too, don't worry about it. Besides, they're our friends. They probably won't remember tomorrow or care if they do." Megan prodded him through the door. 
"Hey, are you alright Jimmy?" one of his friends wanted to know.
"Yeah, sure. Little too much to drink." Jim mumbled, stepping past the curious guest and making for the kitchen, Megan right behind him. The guests seemed to accept his explanation of his actions. They shrugged the incident off and went about their partying. In the kitchen, the mood was heavier. 
"Jim, what is wrong with you? You've never acted like this before. I, I… I." she hesitated. "I'm scared for you," she said tearfully. 
"I don't know," he stammered out, "nothing like this has ever happened to me before. I looked out the window and there was nothing there and then I stepped outside. There he was. There was a clap of thunder just when I was reaching for the chair and I looked up and there he was. Oh God, I'm tired." he said, changing the subject suddenly. Megan sighed, relieved. She didn’t want to hear any more about this hallucination or whatever it was, at least, not until they were both feeling better. 
"Are you going to be alright?" she asked him, wrapping her arms around his neck. He smiled down at her and nodded. 
"Yeah. Make some excuse for me, I'm going to lay down for a bit," he paused long enough to kiss her and then said, "I love you Megan."
She smiled and left him to rejoin the party. 

The party broke up about two o'clock and the guests, sobering up now, said goodnight and left, all of them surprised that the rain had stopped. Judging by the fact that the road and driveway were well on the way to being dry, it must have stopped raining shortly after it had begun. Megan waved goodbye to the last friends from the front door, then locked all the doors and went upstairs to bed. Jim was fast asleep on top of the bed, still fully clothed, the light on and radio playing what would have been just loud enough to cover the noise of the party. 
Megan walked over to the door overlooking the yard, after turning out the lights and looked down at the spot where her husband's eyes had been so intently staring. She puzzled over it for a few minutes, then put it all down to exhaustion from working so much overtime, his fear of storms and, tonight anyways, she told herself, being more than a little bit drunk. She undressed and crawled into bed, leaving Jim clothed and on top of the covers. She kissed him and rolled over, falling asleep almost immediately.

Chapter Three: Sunday
The sun came up on a beautifully clear day and found Jim still in exactly the same position his wife had found him the night before. His eyes opened and he grimaced. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Megan raised her head and looked at him, smiling. She'd been laying there awake for several minutes, watching the sunrise. He opened his eyes again and sat up slowly. He blinked several times, looking at the light streaming into the formerly dark room. His head throbbed, his stomach tightened then rumbled and the room began to spin. It was all he could do to roll off the bed, crashing loudly and painfully to the floor, then crawl to the toilet and become violently ill. The hangover was in full swing. 
Fifteen minutes later, Megan heard Jim get to his feet and run the tap for a minute, washing his face she supposed, then he shuffled back into the bedroom. He was hunched over and looked terrible. He shed his sweat soaked clothes and crawled under the blankets, carefully measuring every movement to avoid further discomfort. 
'Suits you right, stupid,' she thought, then kissed him. 
He lay there unmoving for a long time, his eyes wide open, the only indication that he was alive was an occasional groan, the noise of which consistently made him wince in pain. Megan didn't date try to get out of bed, for fear of making him worse. More than once she wished she could have gone to throw up too, but she suffered through the immobility. He'd been through enough. 
It was well into the afternoon when the still unmoving man beside her moved again. He lifted first his right hand, then his left, carefully laying each back down on the bed. He methodically tested all the muscles he thought would never work again and for reasons beyond his grasp at that moment, they had all resumed being functional. He turned his head and looked at Megan. She was asleep. He found himself wondering how he'd ever managed to find a woman so understanding. She went right along with him and stood beside him even when they were both convinced he was cracking up. He raised himself up and leaned over to kiss her. 
"Hello there." she said, opening her eyes just as he was about to plant a peck on her cheek. Her arms went around him and pulled him close to her. Their lips met lovingly and they explored each others' mouths like a pair of teenagers, their hands beginning to roam, caressing familiar places until that moment when it could only lead to one thing. 
"How're you feeling?" Jim asked, nuzzling behind her ear. 
"Horny as hell." she sighed.
"No hangover?"
"What better cure?" They smiled at each other, then locked in an embrace that lasted through the rest of the afternoon.

Chapter Four: Monday
The clock began buzzing loudly. 
An eye opened, blinked and closed again for a second. The buzz persisted until finally a hand appeared slowly from under the cover and waved slightly as it sought out the reset button and missed. Finally Jim pulled himself upright and reached over to the clock. It was a model that wouldn't let you sleep unless you came awake enough to shut it off. He reset the buzzer and the radio stayed on. He turned off the radio and five minutes later, as he slept sitting up against the headboard, the buzzer started again. He opened his eyes and snarled at the clock. Few things affected Jim the way early morning rising did. He hated it, but his job demanded it and he enjoyed his work, so he dragged himself to the bathroom and started preparing himself for the day. Megan was already up, having awakened and risen at the first buzz of the clock. She had already showered, dressed and started a pot of coffee. 
It was another clear, sunshiny day with a pleasantly cool breeze and the weather man on the radio was promising Megan a whole week of similar days. She smiled, remembering what had happened the last two times it had rained. But there was no connection, she told herself, that was ridiculous. The weather would become unpredictable in a couple weeks as fall approached and their late vacation, the next week, would be just in time, she thought, hoping the weather would hold. 
Jim came into the kitchen, straightening his tie as he went. They kissed quickly and she poured coffee as he sat down, back to the window. Megan made a mental note of this as Jim usually sat facing the window and he made a point of not doing so that morning. 
'Maybe he's afraid he'll see that old man again.' she thought although Jim hadn't mentioned it since Saturday. It had crossed her mind several times to ask him more about what he'd seen, but thought better of it each time. 'If he can get his mind off of it, so much the better,' she thought.
She nearly dropped her coffee mug when the radio announcer, in recapping the weekend news, mentioned the murder again, saying that the police had had a suspect but released him, finding him to have a solid alibi. The police were now asking for any information the public had on the case. 
'Never a good sign,' she thought, 'when the police are relying on random some ones to fill in their work.' She didn't really care, though she thought it was sad that the old man died over a few dollars, at the hands of some kids. At least they, the police, thought it was kids. Witnesses coming out of bars on a Friday night weren't always the best, most reliable of witnesses. 
"They'll catch the bastards." Jim said, staring at the radio over his mug. 
"Why do you say that? The only witnesses were drunk."
Jim looked at his pretty wife, with her concerned expression on her face and smiled. 
"Something just tells me that they'll nail 'em." 
"Yeah, well," Megan said, smiling weakly at Jim. "I hope so."
The discussion closed on that note and the two of them went about gathering their things together for the day. A few minutes later, they were in the convertible heading up town. They both commented along the way that it was a shame to have not bothered putting the roof down on such a beautiful morning, especially when there would be so few days like this left that year. 
Jim dropped Megan off in front of the office building she worked in and pulled away, driving straight instead of turning like he usually did. Megan looked down the road after him and wondered where he was going. Perhaps it was his turn to pick up donuts, she suggested to herself. She didn't buy into her own theory though. Something was going on in his mind that he wasn't letting on, if he even knew about it himself. After the way the first part of the weekend had gone, she was worried about Jim's welfare. 
Eight blocks down, Jim pulled up to the red light and snapped on his right signal. He glanced down the road and, seeing no oncoming traffic, made the turn onto a street he hadn't been down since moving to town eight years ago. He'd never had any business on that street before and wondered why he was going down there now, having, still, no business there. He pulled up to a stop sign a few blocks down and sat there for a minute looking around. 
There were people walking up and down the downtown streets, on their way to work or whatever, some just sat around, the ones that were obviously winos and rummies, and Jim wondered how many of them would have said they had known the man that had been killed only a few nights before. He guessed that many of them, if only to know who he was to see him, the old man he had seen in his backyard. The man with the medals proudly pinned on a trench coat. Somehow he sensed that the poor broken down section of downtown would not be the same after the passing of Quincy Paulson.
He spotted a break in the traffic and pulled across the intersection, continuing along the street he hadn't been down in years. 
In the middle of the second block down, Jim pulled up to the curb and parked the convertible. He didn't know why or exactly where he was doing what he was doing, and what it was that he was doing was a mystery in his mind. 
He got out of the car and stepped around the front of it, looking again at the unfamiliar neighborhood around him. It wasn't as bad a neighborhood as on the other side of the main thoroughfare that he'd crossed a block and a half back, but it certainly wasn't terrific either. He was standing in front of a bar he'd heard of but had never seen before. Now that he'd seen it, he was sure he would never want to go in it. For some unknown reason, he found himself walking around the corner of the bar, his feet leading him seemingly of their own account, and stepping into the alley. Ten paces down, he looked at the ground and felt his eyes go wide. 
"Jesus!" he said aloud when he realized that the faint, blurry white marks on the oil-stained concrete were the remainder of the chalk line that the detectives had drawn around the corpse that was Quincy Paulson. 
"Why the Hell am I here?" he asked himself aloud. He started walking away from the scene and stopped. He thought for a moment. Slowly he turned and then he smiled at the smudged white marks. "Yeah, they'll catch the bastards, Quincy."

The rest of the day went by routinely with Jim narrowly missing being late to work. Mondays always dragged and by five o'clock, Jim was beat. He drove slower and more carefully than usual because of it and ended up five minutes late to pick up Megan, who was standing on the curb waiting for him. Her hands were on her hips and she was tapping her toes anxiously. She got in the car and leaned over to kiss Jim, who met her halfway. 
"Hi," they said at the same time. 
"How was your day?" Megan asked, tiredly. He sighed and said nothing for a moment, making no effort to drive off yet. 
"I think the word endless would suffice." he finally said.
"That probably means I can't talk to you into cooking, right?" she asked, smiling. She was obviously too tired to cook dinner and she had no intention of trying. 
"No way. We'll grab some burgers on the way home. The drive-thru so neither of us has to stand in line for any time. We'll save our poor legs." They laughed as they pulled away and headed for the drive-thru. 
That evening, while Megan read the evening paper, paying particular attention to the article on the murder of Quincy Paulson, Jim went out to the garage and started digging through the pile of old newspapers, looking for the article he'd seen two, or maybe three weeks before. He dug deeper and deeper into the pile and finally retrieve the desired paper. He carried it into the living room and handed it excitedly to Megan, who handed him the latest paper, pointing out the bit on the murder. 
"They said they have no idea who the guys are. They're not even sure how many of them there were. Some of the witnesses said there was only one, others said four or five. Depends on where they were standing, and how much they had to drink, I guess." Megan said.
"There were three of them, for sure. Just like they said originally. Three." Jim asserted as he studied a picture of the same white smudges on the ground that he'd seen for himself that very morning. In the picture they weren't as smudged as they had been when he got there. In his mind he saw the picture of the old man lying there, rather than just a chalk outline. Suddenly his head throbbed twice, three times all across his brow, four times, then it quit. He rubbed his brow a couple of times with one hand, holding the newspaper with the other. Megan looked at him strangely. Neither spoke. 
Jim laid the paper down and sat back, put his feet up on the arm of the couch and folded his hands behind his head. He stared at the ceiling for a few minutes and then announced he was going to bed early and did just that. When Megan joined him ten minutes later, he was fast asleep and snoring and he didn't seem to even know when she spoke to him or lay down next to him. She kissed him goodnight and he didn't stir. She smiled at him and thanked God that he was getting some rest. He had looked terrible for the past few days. Even worse than at the end of the previous week when he'd worked almost twice as many hours as he normally was required to work. Then she frowned when she finally realized that her husband was obsessed with the death of old Quincy Paulson, though for what reason, or to what end, she had no idea. Somehow she felt that he didn’t have those answers either, not yet. 

Chapter Five: Tuesday
The sky lit up blue, then white. His eardrums hurt from the pounding bangs, like thunder. He was in a field in France and the war was raging around him, the enemy shells relentlessly raining down on them, blowing holes in the field, blowing his friends, his buddies and countrymen into pieces too small to pick up. He hadn't moved for over an hour, since the first blast made the troop drop to the ground instinctively and their sergeant yelled to stay put, just before the second shell hit. A shard of metal stuck obscenely out of Serge's temple and he was dead, faster than you could snap your fingers. 
Then the barrage started and two more of the troop blew up, then another six and then three more. The flares went up and the field was alight in an orange glow, almost as bright as noon. They were as good as dead from the time they left the trenches. Now, with the damned flares, they couldn't even stand and run away. 
Suddenly he was running across the field, yelling at the top of his lungs.
"You dirty sons of bitches, let some of us die tomorrow!" and then the hand grenade left his hand. As the bullets ripped into his gut, he fell to his knees, still insulting the enemy at the top of his lungs and he saw the bunker with the mortars explode. He fell over backwards and watched another flare go up. There was no more mortar fire. Machine guns and pistols rattled off hundreds of rounds every minute, but his friends stopped blowing up for a little while. He put his hand to his chest and then pulled it away to look at it in front of him. It was covered in his blood, thick with mud that smeared against his temple as he saluted the corpsman that ran to his side and kneeled to apply first aid. He took the young man's hand and squeezed. 
"You saved our asses Paulson! Thank God we have you." the man said. His face grew tight as he looked at the chest wounds. 
"Don't kick dirt in my face yet Irv, I'm going to sleep, but don't dig that hole yet."
He drifted off, the pain seeming very far away. The flare in the sky seemed far off, the gunshots were fading. Irv kneeled by him and said he could hear Mrs. Paulson calling him home to dinner.
And then Jim woke up. He'd never had such a vivid dream. 
In the dark, Jim's hand was still on his chest where the hole marked a bullet entry a moment before. Instead of mud and blood, he felt his sweat matting the hair on his chest together. He had hold of Megan's hand and was squeezing so hard he'd awakened her. 
"Jimmy! Wake up Jim, please wake up. It's alright now, just wake up!" she pleaded with him. He had opened his eyes and called her 'Irv' but now he finally sat up and wiped the sweat off his brow. 
"Ok Megs. What a dream. My God, I was in a war and I…" he stopped short when it finally sank in that the dream he had just had was probably what a memory looked like to Quincy Paulson. He sat there staring at something beyond the wall for a long time thinking. After all he'd put her through over the weekend, he certainly could not tell Megan that he thought he was dreaming a dead man's memories. 
"It's alright Jimmy, have a smoke and relax." she said, as she lit two cigarettes and handed him one. He drew off it heavily and held the smoke for a few seconds, then blew it out in a fine stream.
"I'm sorry I woke you up baby. It was just so damn real." Jim said, shaking his head. She kissed him on the cheek and turned away from him, putting the cigarette out in the ashtray on her side of the bed and laid back down. 
"Maybe you should leave the light on or something?" she asked, rolling over to face him, but he didn't hear her. He was staring at the wall as if some fascinating movie was being shown on it. She studied him for a few minutes and he didn't budge his eyes. He was completely transfixed. Then he cocked his head to one side as if he'd heard something. 
"Wow!" he said, finally. He shook his head as if to throw the thought he was having out of his mind and then looked at Megan, who was eyeing him suspiciously, waiting for the next development in his budding lunacy. He butted his smoke and leaned over to kiss her. 
"You sure you're going to be alright?" she asked, frightened. 
"No, I'm not sure, but don't worry about it. I'm ok now. Go back to sleep, we've got four more hours before we have to get up."
He planted the intended kiss and a couple spares, then laid down. 

The clock's soft red display changed to seven o'clock and Jim sat up and lit a smoke. He'd not gone back to sleep but rather laid there in the dark thinking about what was going on in his overwrought mind. There was no way to explain it, and trying would only convince people that he was a basket case, a fruit cake. Maybe he needed the next week's vacation worse than he thought. He'd shut the alarm off long before it was due to go off and as he butted out his cigarette, he shook Megan's arm to wake her. 
They went about getting ready for work and Megan was never the wiser about his staying up to sort his thoughts. She'd have been upset if she had known how little sleep he had actually had. 
He dropped her off at her building and went straight to work himself. He felt good for the first time in several days, both physically and mentally, though he still didn’t know what was going on inside himself. He knew whatever was happening, it was going to happen and any fear he'd had was gone. 
That night the newspaper held a small announcement regarding Quincy Paulson's death. It seemed there were no surviving Paulsons and the city was going to pay for the burial. A small service was to be held Friday providing no one came forward to make other arrangements. Though Jim didn't give it a lot of thought, he knew other arrangements would indeed be made.

Chapter Six: Wednesday
The family all sat around the table dressed in their Sunday best. He stole a peek at the mounds of food on the table; the steam rising up and playing in the chandelier of the dining rom. He looked around at the others there; Pop, Brenda, Melinda and Aunt May, his lovely Momma beside him, and the other side; Daniel and little Julian. The family. Sisters left, brothers right. Pop saying grace over the Sunday dinner, a special grace that day, as it was the last Sunday dinner they would have all together as a family for a long time as young Quincy was going overseas to defend the good things of the free world. Tears flowed on all sides by the time Pop wrapped it up and began to carve the biggest turkey he could remember. But the family did not eat like their usual hungry selves. They were all too restrained and they kept looking at him, all dewy-eyed and the girls began to weep openly. So he cleared his throat, nodded at Pop and then stood to say a few things to his family. 
"I just want to say that I love you all more than I can say, you all know that. If…If I don't come back, I know it won't be because you haven't prayed and wished hard enough. The best we can hope for is that all of this will be over soon and I'll be back home before my brother Daniel turns old enough to come overseas to fight beside me." He sat down with a baseball sized lump in his throat. He didn't want to go, but he knew someone would have to go and fight for what was right and some of them wouldn't come home. Tears blurred his eyes.
When his vision cleared he was unsure of where he was. He was surrounded by voices and the sounds of people hustling back and forth but he could not move his head. He looked straight up and saw only dark green. Of course, canvas. He realized he was in one of the army tents. He tried to get up so he could join the hustling and bustling people who were trying to win a war but his body screamed in protest.
Then he remembered being shot. He must be in the field hospital. His head came off the pillow and his eyes met those of a tired looking nurse, who was beautiful despite rings under her eyes and an obvious need for a bath.
"Hello there, soldier." she said as cheerily as she could. 
"Hello there, nurse. How am I?" he asked, as jauntily as could be, given his circumstance.
"Better than some, worse than others. You're getting sent home though. In time for Christmas." she told him, taking his pulse. 
"Well! Something to show for our efforts? We must be winning if we're sending people home." he said, pleased.
"Um…Well, we've had some bad spells, you know. We may not win."
"Not win? Well that's just nonsense. We have to win."

After being discharged from the hospital, he went back to his unit, or what was left of it and resumed fighting. There would be, in his mind, no more Christmases for anybody if this war wasn't won and by the right side. He could sacrifice his Christmas so the rest of the people back home wouldn't have to. 
And then, one day as they were threading their way through a mine field, one of them stepped in the wrong place. Three men died in the second that followed and a fourth screamed horribly for twenty minutes until he died. The enemy's patrol had heard the commotion from the mines and came to the edge of the brush a couple hundred away and started taking potshots at the remaining soldiers in the middle of the field.

Jim sat bolt upright in bed again. Megan woke up and held his hand. He laid back down and recounted the dream. The nightmares were so vivid, like he'd lived them. The details he could not have dreamed, his imagination was not that great and any movie he'd ever seen would have left out the extreme graphic parts. Nothing was left out and it was frightening.
There was no doubt that he was preoccupied with this Quincy Paulson fellow but he still didn't know why. Nightmares were common, he assured Megan, nothing to worry about. It was just a little tension manifesting itself. 
"It's only four-thirty, lots of time to get back to sleep." he told her. 
They both laid back down and soon Megan was asleep again, her breath coming evenly. Jim watched her, noting her angelic appearance. Her hair shone softly in the moonlight, her pretty, almost childlike face wearing an almost smile. Jim leaned over and kissed her lightly on the forehead, then went to sleep.

The darkness exploded into blinding white light. At the same time a burst of raw noise slammed painfully into Jim's ears. His eyes and ears simultaneously sent panic signals to his brain and he was on the floor beside the bed before he was completely awake. His knees slammed into the floor and new pain rushed to his consciousness. He winced as he rose, shivering uncontrollably. His body was suddenly charged with adrenaline and his muscles didn't know what to do with it. Now that he realized what was happening, his muscles quivered tightly, counter-acting each other, relaxing then spasming again. 
It took a few minutes but Jim managed to get control of himself and sat down on the edge of the bed, his head in his hands. He sighed and looked around at Megan, who was still asleep despite the noise of the thunder and his jumping out of bed. The sky lit up again and the house rattled with the thunder. There would be no more sleep for him until the weather cleared. Jim cursed the time of year for being so turbulent. He sighed and closed his eyes, trying to stay relaxed. 
The night exploded again, jangling Jim's nerves terribly as the sky, as well as the interior of the house lit up with blinding brilliance, thunder accompanying it, rattling the windows and threatening to shake the glass from the frames. Then there was a heavy thud outside that Jim couldn't place. He rose slowly, trying to remain calm. His mind raced with thoughts of the events of the week, the nightmare only an hour and a half prior, wondering if he was going to see the old man in the yard again. He took a step toward the window and stopped. 
Another flash of lightning, not as bright, startled him into motion. The following thunder made him wince as he stepped gingerly up to the window, placing his fingertips on the sill lightly. Then he moved up closer still until he was looking down his nose at the yard. The next door neighbors' tree was laying atop his rear hedge, smoldering. The lightning had ripped it neatly in two, the other half having fallen through the neighbors' sunroom's walls and roof. Jim was about to sigh, relieved, then he panned his gaze across the yard and gasped. 
The old man was struggling to his feet, shaking with fear, age and cold. And pain. Some horrible pain caused his face to screw up around the eyes, which poured tears freely, the mouth turned down and moving but no voice would come. He turned his glance toward Jim and, staring him in the eye, held out his hand pleadingly. 
A moment later the man's lips moved again, only this time his voice worked and he sounded as if he was right beside Jim, who had turned as white as a sheet, his fingers now gripping with incredible strength at the sill. 
"Help me, please. Help me. They've taken my money," the old man sobbed, "for God's sake, help…" his voice trailed off and he collapsed in a heap in the muddy alley that had taken shape in the yard. The hedge had become the wall of a bar; the side of the shed became the rear wall of the department store. Jim was awestruck as he watched the old man's body melt into the ground in the rain, leaving only a chalky white outline. Another lightning bolt struck a tree across the road, blinding Jim for a moment, the noise making his ears ring, finally drowning out the echoing words of the old man. His body trembled and he shook his head in disbelief as he backed away from the window. 
"James!" Megan's voice cried out in the distance.
"Megan?" he called back, feeling lost and far away from her. 
"Jimmy! Wake up!" she sounded so much closer now he noted as he cocked his head to one side and turned around to face her. She shivered as he seemed to look through her at something a mile beyond where she was kneeling on the foot of the bed, reaching out her arms to him, a few scant inches between her fingertips and his as he reached out, puzzled. The lightning flashed again, the thunder roared and he spun to look out the window, taking a backward step. 
"Jim!" she cried out. 
"It's alright," he said calmly, reaching out to stroke her hair as he turned back around. "It's just a storm. The Millers' tree just got struck by lightning and the Smythes' tree is laying in our back yard." he went on, calm as ever, as if nothing had happened. 
Megan looked at him curiously, as though he was a stranger but he didn't notice her looks. He laid back down and promptly went to sleep, leaving her kneeling at the foot of their bed, wondering what had just happened to her husband that had been terrified of storms all his life. She stared at him for a long time, even after she rose and stepped slowly around the bed to the door of the bathroom. She shook her head slowly, not knowing what to think. 
Stepping into the bathroom, Megan flipped the light switch and leaned exhaustedly on the counter, staring at her face in the mirror. Though still young looking and as pretty as she had been at any age, the lack of rest and excess of worry over the last few days were showing on her. She sighed and drew a glass of water, which she drank slowly, watching herself drink it. She thought about what her husband was going through and the hell it was putting her through. She dragged her feet slightly as she walked slowly back to the bedroom, leaving the bathroom light on so she could see Jim in the darker bedroom. She stood for several minutes, her hand at her chin in a typical thoughtful pose then shrugged and walked the rest of the way around the bed and collapsed. She had to be up in another hour, she noted sadly before she let go and was asleep.

Chapter Seven: Thursday
"Jim," she was saying as he drank his coffee, "I think maybe you should see a doctor. These dreams, these hallucinations you've been having, they worry me. 
"Hmm…" he started, "I guess."
"You've been working too hard these past few weeks…"
"Not this week!" he cut in defensively, "I haven't brought home a single paper." She stared at him for a moment, unaccustomed to having him snap at her that way. 
"But you've been so wound up lately. You know stress makes people do strange things…" she let her voice trail off, seeing the glare he was directing at her. 
"Look, we're on vacation next week. All I need is rest, just like you said. I'll be just fine, now stop worrying."
"I'm sorry but I can't help worrying. You haven't been yourself."
"Alright, go ahead and worry but quit bugging me about it!" he snapped then stormed out of the room. 
He got as far as the stairs and realized he had been out of line. He sighed and turned around, finding her in the kitchen where he'd left her, only now her head was on the table and her shoulders were shaking as she sobbed violently. He had made her cry. Now he really felt like a heel. The day was not going to be a good one he decided as he reflected on his bad dreams. And now he would spend the day with guilt after this scene with the person he loved more than life itself. 
"I'm sorry," he whispered as he put his arms around her. Then he started to cry along with her. "I'll go see a doctor babe, I will." he said through his tears.
Through their sobbing and apologizing they missed the report on the radio that stated that the police had reached a dead end in the case of Quincy Paulson's murder. He was just another statistic now. Another rummy that got rolled by a few no good kids, so it seemed. That was that. 

Bob Eaton had grown up next door to Jim way back when, in another city. He hadn't been a doctor when Jim moved away. The two of them had run into each other in this city at a shopping mall and almost didn’t recognize each other as their elbows knocked after not seeing each other in about eight years. The by-chance reunion had been six years before Jim's current sleeping problems began. As well as being good friends again, from that point on, they had been doctor and patient as well. 
It was because of their friendship that Bob agreed to see Jim during his lunch, but not at the office. Instead, they met in a little restaurant halfway between their offices. They both knew how poorly an afternoon had the tendency to go if they skipped their lunches so they had agreed to talk over lunch, unofficial and informal. 
Jim had been waiting for Bob for ten minutes before Bob had finally arrived. 
"Well it's been a few weeks since I've heard from you," Bob said, sliding in behind the table. He was glad Jim had chosen a table along the wall opposite the windows. It was far more relaxed and less crowded than the rest of the restaurant.
"Yeah, well, I'm trying to cut down on my doctor's bills," Jim joked. They grinned at each other much the same way they did when they had kidded each other when they were kids. 
"Oh don't do that! My kid needs braces and I'm afraid I don't have any orthodontist buddies. You're helping to pay for it."
"I thought you guys all stuck together closer than that?" Jim laughed.
"Naw, orthodontists don't get into our club, they tend to hog the saunas. Now, if only her problem was acne, I know enough dermatologists to get her taken care of as a favor." They both laughed. "So how's that flu you had? Finally kick it?"
"Sure, got over it about a month ago, just after I came into see you."
"Hmph, of course!" Bob joked again. Then he grew more serious. "So what's on your mind, Jim?" Bob asked as he sipped the cup of coffee that the waitress had put down in front of him a moment before. 
"Funny you should put it that way," Jim said, his eyebrows raised, "actually I think the problem is all in my mind."
"I'll be the judge of that." Bob reminded him.
"For nearly a week now I've been having these really disturbing dreams, over and over." Jim started. He was interrupted by the waitress coming to take their food orders, which caused another round of kidding when Bob ordered a chili-dog, which he of all people should have known was not good for him. Then the topic was changed back to the issue at hand, Jim's dreams. 
He went on and told Bob about each of the dreams detailing some of the more disturbing parts and skipping over some of the more repetitious. When he finished talking, he ate in silence while Bob mulled over what he had just heard. 
"Jim, I think your wife might be right about the stress. Like you said, it might be all in your head. I wouldn't start worrying about it just yet. You should relax on your vacation, try to get some rest," he said, finishing his coffee when he paused. "Listen Jimmy, just for the sake of having mentioned it, now this is strictly off record, I saw a film a few weeks ago that this reminds me of." Bob lowered his voice and leaned forward in his seat. "Now I'm only telling you this because you're my friend Jim, you're not my patient right now. I want to stress that. You may think I've gone off the deep end, but it almost sounds like this old guy, Pearson…"
"Paulson." Jim corrected quickly.
"Paulson, right. This old guy Paulson. It sounds like… God, this is going to sound weird coming from me."
Jim huffed and rolled his eyes at Bob, urging him on with his hands.
"It sounds like he's trying to, maybe, reach you."
"Get off it!" Jim said, surprised that an educated man like Bob Eaton would suggest something so absurd, even with Bob's warning. 
"Now listen Jim, I gave you fair warning that it might sound funny. But as much as we've learned in the past few hundred years, there are still a lot of old wives tales that we can't disprove, or prove for that matter. Some things that happen can't be explained, like some legends that have been passed on for generations. No matter how much bullshit they sound like, some things have basis in truth, no matter if they were tainted by misunderstandings. Like, look at vampires. More and more movies have been made on the subject and we know it’s a crock, but somewhere, sometime, some idiot bit some poor bastard on the neck and the rest is history. Well, legend anyways."
"What's your point?" Jim wanted to know. 
"My point is that, as much as I do know, I don't know that it is, or isn't, impossible for someone to contact someone else from beyond so to speak. I can't rule it out; my religion won't allow me to. The part of me that thinks scientifically won't pass judgment until it finds out more or until its proven one way or another. What I'm saying is that while I'm not saying that's what's happening, I can't say it's impossible either. And no matter how stupid it sounds to you, that is exactly what it sounds like to me. Think about it for just a minute." Bob insisted.
Jim was amazed at how convincing his friend's statements had struck him. He gave it some thought right then and there. He leaned forward and folded his hands, leaning his chin on them. His brow was deeply furrowed while he eyed his friend who was watching his face as if to gauge his reaction. 
"Bob, I never thought I'd see you say a thing like that. As much as I hate to admit it… Well Jeez, I don't know, that's pretty farfetched." Jim said, obviously unsure of what to think.
"Yeah, well it is. But the only thing is, it all fits." Bob said. 
"I'll agree with that much, but you have to admit, it's hard to swallow." Jim continued. 
"And that's why I hesitated to mention it in the first place. Look, Jim, you and I go back too far to try and kid each other like that. I don't really believe in that kind of stuff, but I can't afford to disbelieve it either. You take it for what it's worth." Bob said, getting up to leave. "If you're interested, there's a fellow in my building who might be able to give you some advice. Name's Harris, tenth floor. Thanks for lunch, Jim."
Jim watched his friend leave, then shook his head in disbelief. A learned man like Bob suggesting something like that. 
'It's worth a shot,' he told himself. He picked up the check, paid, and made for the door. 'Maybe that's what's going on.' Jim thought. 'By this point, any guess is as good as my best.'
He went back to the office with just a glimmer of hope in his eye. 

Clearing the stray papers off his desk, Jim grabbed a pad of lined paper from his drawer and the telephone book from a shelf behind his chair. A few minutes later he was on hold, waiting for Mr. Harris to come on the line. Jim was curious as to just what this guy was. A doctor of some sort? A professor? The best he hoped for was some suggestion that would help him get to the root of what he'd been going through. Maybe then he could come to some sort of solution. 
His heart leapt when the phone engaged again and then sank terribly when the secretary asked if Mr. Harris could call him back. 

Five o'clock rolled up and by and still Jim made no move for the door of the office. He sat, leaned back in his chair, staring at the phone and waited for it to ring. Each time it did, he hoped it would be this Harris fellow and each time it was someone else. 
At five-twenty the phone rang again and he picked it up only to hear Megan's voice at the other end of the connection. 
"What the Hell are you still doing there?" Megan demanded. "You know to call me when you're going to be late so that I can get a lift with someone else. Now what am I going to do?"  She blasted at him. Her lack of rest was showing in her attitude he noted. 
"I'm sorry; I was waiting for a call. I guess he's not going to call. I'll be there in five." he said and hung up. He walked slowly out of the building and out to the car. His hopes were all but dashed. Not getting that call meant he would have to face the possibility of spending another night the way he had been spending them lately. Not that he was sure that Harris' comments and suggestions, if any, would mean the night would not go the typical way with nightmares and next to no sleep. He had convinced himself that the problem was Quincy Paulson trying to reach him. He sat down in the car and stared out through the windshield. The thought ran a shiver up and down his spine. 

Chapter Eight: Friday
At exactly three o'clock the weather held true to its form and let loose another storm, though to the rest of the world, it was fairly neglible. Four lightning strikes, five minutes of rain, a slight breeze and then scattered clouds. It probably only awakened half a dozen people, but Jim was among them.
The rain began before the actual storm and the gentle breeze kicked up a gust or two, which only deepened Jim's sleep with its soothing regularity and soft rustling. He rolled over and put an arm over Megan's shoulder. She sighed in her sleep. 
When the first lightning strike and thunder clap came along, Jim had just begun to dream another dream that he would later recall as unrelated to anything to do with his life but much to do with the other dreams he'd been having. 

The sky was clear and the stars twinkled down on the snow covered fields. It was crisply cold and he was hungry but it was a very beautiful night in what was once a beautiful place. The hills rose up on either side of the valley that the fields lay in. The row of trees dividing the fields was the only shelter their unit had. They sat between two enemies, more or less forming a third side of a triangle. Just about every night, before midnight, somebody tried to sneak up on somebody else and got blown to bits or someone opened up with a mortar just to let the others know they were still there. 
This night had somehow been different. It was nearly two in the morning and nothing had happened. It had gotten colder. The valley transmitted every sound, amplifying it, seemingly for the people on the hill to hear, which would give away almost the exact spots where he and his friends were holed up. So they whispered. Mostly they whispered that they wished they could go home or that they could light a fire to warm up without fear of being blown into the history books. 
"Quince?" a voice called, only slightly above a whisper.
"Shh!" someone retorted. Someone else coughed. 
"What?" he whispered back. 
"What day is it?"
"Don't know," he answered. "Hey Ed, what day is it?" he inquired in the other direction. It was funny how one could lose track.
"Sunday, I think," Ed answered.
"Shit! It's Christmas." 
"No kidding?" he heard himself saying aloud.
"Quiet you idiot!" hissed his next tree neighbor. 
Then all Hell broke loose. The sky lit up as the shell blew itself and Quincy's tree apart, about ten feet above the ground. He rolled instinctively away from the blast and felt the force of it blow across his back. 
'One too many voices,' he cursed himself. Bits of tree were falling around him. Then another tree ten yards away disintegrated, bringing a round of curses from that end of the unit. In the bright moonlight, on the clean white snow, they could not even run to a new location without being seen. All they could do was sit tight and wait for the shelling to stop. As long as they stayed beneath the trees, the guy with the mortar wouldn't be able to tell whether he'd blown everyone up or there was no one there in the first place. A third shell blew up a crater of mud a few feet from the last man on the opposite end. Nothing said for a moment. Then a fourth shell blew up what was left of a shack thirty yards down the way. Someone else's shells began blowing away bits of the hill where the first shells came from. It was hard to tell whose shells were which. Then it stopped. He watched Irv roll over and look up at the sky, a foot long splinter of tree stuck into his side. It was pointed at such an angle that it was clearly penetrating near his heart. Irv bellowed out in a tongue that Quincy didn't understand then smiled, and a moment later began to pray. Quincy crawled to his side and heard his prayer.
"…and God, don't let this go on too much longer. These guys can't take this much longer," he was saying. Quincy couldn't bring himself to do anything but stare. His only friend over the war was dying in front of him. 
"God, don't let it go on. I don't want our brothers coming over here to die too. God, please."
"Irv?" Quincy asked, tentatively, when his friend's voice had stopped. His breath was still visible in the cold night. 
"Quince, buddy, you there?" 
"Yeah Irv, here I am. What was that you yelled out?"
"I told them…The guys in the hills," he laughed as well as he could, then went on. "I told them 'Merry Christmas assholes!'"
There was a long pause where neither of them spoke. They both knew Irv was a dead man and his body just hadn't finished stopping. 
"Quincy," Irv gasped, taking his last breath, "it don't hurt any…" And he was gone. 

Jim woke up when his dream took that morbid turn. In his mind the dream had played out in terms of himself being Quincy Paulson, again, and when the lightning had struck it had been the first mortar shell in his dream. The distant rumblings of the storm, now petering itself out miles away, was making it hard for him to distinguish what was dream and what was not.
Megan had awakened quickly when the first clap of thunder had caused Jim to push her out of bed in an astounding move that put him a few feet away from her, both of them sprawled on the floor, him still asleep. She had been afraid to wake him as he rambled on, talking to someone who wasn't there, but she couldn't bear it when he took her hand and a minute later started sobbing uncontrollably. She began to shake his arm, trying to wake him but not knowing what was going on inside his head. 
As it turned out, she had picked up his hand and started to move when Jim, still dreaming he was Quincy Paulson, thought he was holding the hand of his dead friend. He squeezed the hand again then dropped it, moving back in horror. He stopped when he heard Megan calling out his name. She shook him violently and he finally came to being awake. He shook his head in disbelief at what he'd just been through. His head felt as though it was in a vise. 
"My God, I've never seen anything like what you just did Jim, it was really frightening." Megan said shakily.
"Imagine how it felt to me! You can't begin to know how real that was," he said, getting to his feet and heading to the bathroom. "This one was even more real than the others were. Each one seems to get a little worse. No, this one was a lot worse. I can't believe it. It's just like it happened to me. It's so damn vivid!" he told her, turning on the tap while he steadied himself on the countertop. Megan held his arm to keep him from falling. She said nothing, just listened, because there was nothing she could say. 
"There was a war going on, and we were…me, I mean I was, the guy I was, it was Quincy Paulson. I was Quincy Paulson, in case you weren't aware of that, the other times too.  I know that now. But there we were in a row of trees and the hills on either side were full of enemies and we couldn't escape. I can't figure out what war, I guess it doesn't matter. World War One? Two? And there was a barrage of shells."
"Shells! Four of them?" Megan asked suddenly.
"Yeah, how'd you know?" Jim demanded, his eyes trying to focus on her. The headache made it hard. 
"There was just four claps of thunder. That's where your damn shells came from." she said. Jim couldn't tell if she was disappointed or disgusted. 
"No. The thunder must have just made the shells more realistic. I know what I dreamed. It's Quincy Paulson's memory of a war he was in," he told her, then swallowed the pain killers he'd been fumbling to retrieve. 
"What! What a load of crap. You're obsessed with this guy!" she burst, suddenly unable to be tolerant and supportive of her seemingly maniacal husband any longer. 
"I know, but it's not crap Megan. Listen here, this is as hard for me to swallow as it is for you, but I was talking to Bob Eaton today and he seems to think… well now I think too, it's these dreams and these hallucinations of things outside all week, well we think this Quincy Paulson is trying to contact me from beyond." he explained, staring at the floor in front of him, after having sat down on the closed toilet lid. Hands of his temples, he rested his elbows on his knees and waited for her reaction. 
"Get serious!" Megan demanded. "Bob wouldn't tell you anything of the sort. He's a doctor for heaven's sake." she protested. He held up his hand. 
"That's the call I was waiting for all day was about, only I didn't tell you because I knew you'd think it was crazy. Bob gave me the name of this guy who has an office in his building. I don't know what or who the hell he is, but he supposedly knows something about this sort of thing."
"If you're handing me a load of bull, so help me I'll -" she threatened, but she wasn't allowed to finish. 
"Shut up and listen, damn it!" he snapped. "There has to be a reason for what I've been going through."
"And putting me through." she cut in.
"And I can't think of anything else that even closely fits what's been going on. The dreams about this guy Paulson, seeing him in the yard. This guy Bob talked about was busy or something, Harris is his name, and he was supposed to call me back but he didn't. I don't need this spooky shit any more than you, but I have to find an explanation for it all." he finished and looked up at her. 
"I don't believe in that stuff, talking to dead men."
"I don't either," Jim said, "but nobody knows for sure one way or another if it can happen. Maybe it is and maybe it's not but something is going on."
She nodded. 

Chapter Nine: Saturday
They were just sitting down with their coffee that morning when the phone rang.  No one ever bothered phoning them in the morning and few people at any other time, so it rang a few times while they sat and wondered who it might be before moving to find out.
"Hello?" Megan answered.
"Hello, is Jim there?" a voice asked pleasantly. It sounded like a man of Jim's age, but not a familiar one. She handed the phone to Jim, shrugging to denote that she didn’t know the caller. 
"Hello?" Jim answered, putting his coffee down. 
"George Harris calling. You left a message at my office."
"Oh. Is that Doctor Harris, or…" Jim queried.
"Just George. Do I know you?"
"No. A friend, Bob Eaton, Doctor Eaton that is, said you might be able to help me. You see, I've been having a problem." Jim said. 
"Oh yeah, Bob Eaton. Sixth floor. We've had some business. "
"Well, like I was saying, I've been having this problem, and he said you might be able to help. Can I ask what you do? Do you have a title or something?" Jim asked, confused. A chuckle came back over the receiver. 
"No. I'm sort of a researcher on the side. I'm an agent for collectors and traders of rare and antique books and things of that nature. Of course, in handling such items, I sometimes find myself in a position to learn a lot about certain topics. If Doc Eaton said I could help you, it's probably because of something I know, or else I know someone else who knows. I take it you're not a collector?" he finally stopped.
"No, I need to know about. Well. Uh." Jim hesitated.
"Hey listen, I get a lot of requests for advice and a lot of them are about weird things, I'll tell you. Don't worry about me thinking you're nuts. You're just a voice at a number."
"Well, what I need to find out about," Jim said, encouraged by this fellow's pleasant manner and obvious experience with people and their out of the ordinary problems. "I need to know about being contacted from beyond. People that have died communicating with a living person." Jim was a little put out by the laughter on the line. 
"Listen Jim, you don't have to worry about being crazy. I can tell you're upset with the idea. I get people asking about this all the time. You'd be surprised." Harris explained.
"Oh, no doubt I would be surprised." Jim agreed, looking at Megan, whose curiosity had led her to go into the living room and pick up the extension. 
"So what you need to know… No, let's start out with what the problem is. Is it you that is being contacted?"
"Supposedly, for the time being. I don't want to seem presumptuous." Jim told him cautiously.
"Of course. Now, bad dreams right?" he asked.
"Yes, but how did you know that?" Jim demanded, thinking maybe this guy was psychic or something. 
"Most of the time that's how the subject comes to people's minds. They have a bad dream and right away they're being spoken to by George Washington or something." There was a pause on Jim's end. "Oh look, I'm sorry Jim, I didn't mean you. I'm still listening."
"Right. Bad dreams, recurring." Jim told the man on the phone. 
He went on to explain everything to do with the events of the last week or so, which George Harris, part-time researcher, took in with much interest. Jim could hear him scratching down notes and felt better knowing that something was happening with all of this. That, maybe, something was going to be done about it. Regardless of the fact that it would not do a lick of good for anyone concerned, finally someone seemed to know something about this sort of circumstance.
"Ok. I'll give you a call as soon as I find out anything. I'll check some of my own books and call a few friends and customers of mine. I won't tell you what I'm thinking just now. I might be way off. But don't worry, I'll come up with something for you."
The phone went dead and Jim hung it up. He stood there with his hands jammed into his pockets until Megan walked back into the kitchen. She stopped in the doorway and leaned against the frame. 
"Well, what do you think?" she asked. 
"I don't know what to think babe. Ask me again after this guy calls me back. I have to work today, just to get ready for the vacation. I got to go or else I'll be late and never get this stuff done." Jim said as he pushed towards the door. He crossed his fingers.

The day went painfully slow. Jim sat in his office waiting for Harris to call him while Megan sat at home waiting for Jim to call her and set her mind at ease. At five o'clock, the phone call Jim had waited for hadn't come. Remembering the day he had called Harris, been put on hold for half an hour, then told that Harris would call him back which hadn't happened until the next day, Jim decided to go home. 
He waited until the last possible minute before leaving the office, then couldn't stop himself from driving like a maniac in order to get home as soon as possible. Every minute meant the phone might ring and he wanted to make sure he was there when it did. It wasn't until seven o'clock that night when it finally rang. 
"Hello?" Jim said anxiously. 
"George Harris here. Got some answers for you," the long awaited voice announced. "First of all, there's no sure way of telling whether you're being contacted from beyond the grave or just plain nuts. Either way, in some circles you'd be considered crazy. The only thing you can be sure of is what you decide to believe. But make no mistake, it'll be convincing, but I guess you already know that." he said, waiting for a response.
"Oh yeah, I know that much for sure." Jim agreed.
"So you're willing to accept this, this phenomenon?"
"Yes, how can I deny something that seems so real?"
"Good. Then I'll go on without fearing laughter. I'd hate to have spent the day talking to nearly a hundred people just to have you laugh it off."
"That many people? I had no idea. No, at this point, I can't afford to laugh anything off." 
"Well then, first of all you have to establish what is being contacted versus what is just dreaming. Can you do that or will you need another experience? From what you've told me, you should be all set."
"Oh I'm certain. All the war dreams, the hallucinations or visions or whatever they were, they were all very separate from my own dreams. No mistake, I know." Jim averred. He couldn't have been any more certain. 
Harris went on talking for over two hours, stopping only long enough at varying intervals to make sure Jim was getting all the information. He told Jim what to do, what to expect, when to expect whatever. It was all very confusing but they managed to get it straight in Jim's head with a reasonable amount of certainty. They said goodnight and hung up the phone. Jim sat for a few minutes making sure he had his thoughts in order then began to explain to Megan, who was giving him odd looks and not really buying into what he was telling her. 
After a few minutes he told her to simply play it by ear and keep in mind that her husband was not, after all, a raving lunatic. He hoped.

Chapter Ten: Sunday
After Jim had awakened twice, disappointed, he resigned himself to the fact that as long as he was waiting for another bad dream or vision to come along, it wouldn't. It seemed like such nonsense at four in the morning and it occurred to him that he was completely exhausted. He laid back down after getting a drink of water. Within minutes, he was fast asleep.
The next time he opened his eyes the clock read just before eleven o'clock. He sprang from the bed and was in the bathroom when Megan reminded him that he needn't have started as it was the weekend and the day before his official vacation. He kissed her but stopped when she told him what she had heard on the weather report. Expected most of the day was severe thundershowers and electrical storms, high winds and tornado warnings were up. The weather was miserable at best and dangerous at least. But it seemed, she reminded him, that every time the weather had been bad that past week, as it so often was that time of year, his experiences with this Quincy Paulson affair were more dramatic. Perhaps this day would bring about the climax to the affair that they both sought so desperately. 
It was twelve o'clock sharp when the wind picked up, the rain started to fall and the temperature dropped. They were in the midst of a furious storm before they knew what was happening. The sky had turned a sickly green color and the wind rose to a fever pitch while the rain fell in sheets. 
Jim stood well back from the window and watched the storm as it threatened to flatten everything in its path. The hedge bent in its force to the point where Jim could see a car parked on the other side of it. It would have been impossible to see the car under regular circumstances as the hedge stood a full seven feet tall. Jim shivered, not from the cold; he was wearing a heavy sweater by then, but from fear. Even after some counseling and the experience in Megan's tent that stormy weekend years ago, he was terrified of a storm so intense, even without Quincy Paulson. 
Megan was not generally impressed by harsh weather but this storm had her nervous. She sat in the easy chair and watched Jim standing a few feet away from the window, shaking in his fear, feet shuffling without him being aware of it. Suddenly his movement stopped completely. It was as if he had turned to stone and he stayed like that for a long time. 
The hedge had blown to the point where the tops of the branches were only a few inches off the ground. Jim's eyes were riveted to the spot just inside the hedge. It seemed the hedge had finally touched the ground when what he was looking at changed. A lightning bolt struck his favorite tree in the front yard around the corner from the window where he stood and as the tree crashed through the picture window in the next room, he moved not a muscle. Even when the shattered glass sprayed over the room divider and several shards bit into his neck, he stood unmoving, unfeeling and unknowing. The curtains were ripped from their rod. They were soaking wet and weighing several times their normal weight. They flew across the room, knocking over the rocking chair which shattered the glass coffee table. 
On the lawn, for Jim's eyes alone the world blurred and the shapes of all the familiar objects began to change. Then everything came clear again but it was not Jim's yard. 
An old man darted amongst the shadows, running from doorway to doorway to keep out of the rain though he was all but soaked anyway. He had only a few yards to go before reaching the sanctuary of the Pearl, the neighborhood bar where his friend Joe sometimes stood him a beer. But then his way was blocked by a figure easily twice his size. His step faltered and he moved back a step, looking up into the wet, grinning face. Grinning like a moron, the young man stood with his hands on his hips, staring at Quincy, thinking him a wino. It made little difference what he was. 
As Quincy went to step around the youth, another figure loomed up from behind him. Before he knew what was happening, Quincy had three young fellows standing around him, all with hands on hips, grinningly blocking any escape. He knew who they were, he had seen them around, and he knew they'd seen him around too.
"Hey what's your hurry old timer?" the biggest, stupidest looking one asked gruffly. He gave Quincy a push.
"Just tryin' to get outta the rain." Quincy replied, scared and angry at the same time. He'd almost given his life several times and lost his friends, fighting alongside countless others just so these punks could give him a hard time so many years later. 
"Well," the one behind him said, shoving Quincy toward the third one, tripping him at the same time, "it looks like you're wet now, no sense in rushing off, now is there?" His voice cracked with excitement. Quincy was repulsed and saddened that these were his countrymen. There seemed to be no honor left as he realized the pain that he'd just had inflicted on him. He had landed palm first on a broken bottle and now the chunk of glass was sticking out of his hand. He cupped the hand as he struggled to his feet, only to be kicked viciously in the side of the head. Back down he went, hard. The alley spun as he tried to reopen his eyes and saw the three punks roaring with laughter. 
"Who told you to get back up? Huh?" Another kick was delivered with this question.
"Yeah who told you?" The three men were a confused blur to him now.
"See if he's got any money on him." one of them said.
"Fucking winos never have anything but nickels and dimes."
"Maybe he's got a bottle or something."
"Hey! What's going on over there?" a new voice yelled. The three left Quincy alone, laying on the ground, for a few seconds while they spun to see a few drunken bar patrons standing in the rain, looking down the alley at them.
"Mind your own Goddamn business!" the big punk yelled back.
The man who had yelled at them started to roll up his wet sleeves and walk towards them, drunk enough to try and take on the three of them. A woman, presumably his wife, caught his arm and dragged him off. The big punk stamped his foot at the retreating couple and the punks all laughed at their backs. Too late they returned their attention to Quincy, who had struggled to his feet, too angry to let go of his consciousness and too tough to let the pain stop him. He struck out with his left hand, which still had the glass sticking out of it. An angry red gash appeared across the big punk's cheek, narrowly missing his eye and across the bridge of his nose. He shrunk away from the pain and the blood spilled through the fingers he cupped over his face. His scream of fear and fury when he pulled his hands away and saw the redness covering them told Quincy that no one had managed to draw blood from the punk before. 
Quincy's victory was temporary though, and as Middle Punk and Short Punk regained their composure, they laid their boots to Quincy and in a few moments the old hero was down, though still fighting. He got a hold of one of Middle Punk's arms and slashed viciously, holding the glass with the hand it was still embedded in. As the glass tore open Middle Punk's forearm, Quincy felt it severing his muscles and nerves, even snapping a tiny bone. As he feared, Quincy's hand stopped working and blood pooled out. 
"You old bastard!" Short Punk screamed as his heavy booted foot smashed down into Quincy's nose. "Die, you fucking wino!"
Quincy relaxed, knowing the fight was over. As close as he had been to death, several times over in the war, nothing had ever done as much damage as the boot that was grinding in front of his blurring old eyes. Then the boot was pulling away. Big Punk was on his feet by then, and as Quincy felt himself dying, he regretted that he had missed the punk's eye with the glass. It would have given him something to ponder in his reclining years. But now the middle punk was going through the pockets of the trench coat that had folded over and hidden the military medals. 
'Stupid kids don't even know to steal the medals that almost everyone knows are valuable,' Quincy thought.
With his last bit of strength, Quincy Paulson grabbed feebly at the kid's arm, catching him off guard and scaring him. Into the face that wore fear briefly, Quincy spat out his last words with vehemence. 
"You goddamned cowards," but his words were unheard, being quiet and drowned out by the rain. 
His head fell back on the pavement and he listened vaguely to the footsteps running down the alley into the dark wet night. Then his eyes rolled back in his head and Quincy Paulson knew no more. 
Somehow, in the course of the melee, something had gone wrong and Quincy's soul, it seemed, did not leave. In the rain, Quincy looked down at his body, not able to fathom what was happening. 
"I'm dead!" he screamed to himself, "God, don't make me stay here. Please God, let me go on." he sobbed.
The rain fell harder. The sky lit up with lightning, and as the thunder peeled, Quincy felt the fear he'd known decades before when he was alive and had no idea why. All around him his friends dropped like flies, died valiantly for their God and country, leaving Quincy afraid of the shells bursting around him, afraid of the blood running from his body. Afraid, for decades afterward, of thunder because it took him back to the battlefield and to the ugly memories of disembodied limbs, his friends horribly mutilated. 
"And know God won't let me come," Quincy wept. 
Somewhere there was a feeling, somewhere someone must help. So intense, it seemed, was Quincy's hatred for the boys that killed his body that his reward would not be his until his hate was eradicated, until the punks were brought to justice. Until the death of a hero was avenged. 
And somewhere a sympathetic vibration came into harmony with Quincy's own vibrations and he locked in on it. He stood and looked into the darkness, knowing someone was looking back, and he reached his hand out. His hand, not bleeding around a shard of glass like that of his battered body at his spectral feet, but whole, withered with age, undamaged as it should have been. 
"Help me. Please help me!" he moaned but the vibration went away. 
He watched sorrowfully as the rain washed away the blood on his gouged hand. He watched as they came and took his body away. He watched the next day's rain was away the chalk outline of his body, washing away the last earthly mark of Quincy Paulson and he found himself crying out again. Sobbing, Quincy was wracked with the pain of knowing he could not go on to his next entity until this stupidly ended life was justified. 
When the lightning scorched the air and the thunder shook the world, the feeling came back to him, that someone was there. Quincy stood, looking across time and dimensions, finally, his hand out in front of him pleadingly; his gaze fell upon a frightened face staring back at him through space. It was a young face, handsome and clean shaven but pale and blank with fear. 
"Please," Quincy called out, "please help me. Don't go!"
And the face was gone. 
Again and again the storms would start, and the face would stare out of nowhere, horrorstruck each time and confused. And each time, he pleaded with that face, knowing whoever owned it would be his only hope of ever getting out of limbo. 
Then it happened. The storm raged to a fever pitch, threatening to blow down the world. And Quincy, the sobbing soul, still wandered aimlessly around the scene of his body's ruin, felt once again the sensation of being watched come over him. 
He lifted his gaze to the lightning slashed sky and asked God for His help, then he closed his eyes, falling to his knees and holding out his hands, began to cry out for help. 
When he opened his eyes he was looking at the frightened young face again and he sensed a change. The face softened with recognition, the eyes had taken on a knowing warmth and Quincy knew he had found his help.

Jim stood without moving as the blurred figure came into focus. This was exactly what he was waiting for, George Harris having told him how to respond. There was still much fear, but it took a hind seat to the anxiousness Jim felt for this to be over. 
"Help me please! Oh God, help me," said the figure on its knees, face turned skyward.
"Quincy Paulson," Jim called softly. The face turned to look him in the eye and he felt the force of the contact, like walking out of a freezer into a blast furnace. Jim reeled but kept the eye contact. 
"Please, I'm trapped." Quincy moaned, a single tear running down his cheek.
"Yes, I know. Where are you?" Jim asked. Behind him, after having started to get up to tend to the damage in the living room, Megan half stood and half knelt, trancelike and staring at her husband's choked and eerie voice filled the room. Everything in the room was being swept savagely by the wind and soaked by the rain that the wind carried through the hole in the front of the house where the picture window had been, but the noise of the storm was strangely absent. 
"Trapped," Quincy cried, "nowhere. In between."
"You came to me for help?" Jim went on. "Why me?"
"Yes. Need your help. To go on."
"Why me?" Jim kept on. 
"I don't know. Just a face in the dark. The only one. You'll help?" the old face shone up at Jim, still on his knees. 
"Yes, Quincy. If I can," Jim said soothingly. "You don't have to kneel anymore. Stand up. Your death will be avenged Quincy, you won't stay trapped!" Jim's voice boomed out his oath. 
"Thank you. Oh, thank you!" The old man wept openly. Jim felt tears rolling down his own cheeks and his heart pounded, adrenaline pouring into his blood stream. He shook with the power of it and the power that surged from out of the other dimension when he held out his hand to the weeping old man. Quincy held it firmly in his two hands, weeping into his palm. Then it stopped. 
Jim stood in the window, shaking, weeping for several minutes then collapsed into a heap in the corner. Megan finally felt like a wall that had risen around him had fallen and whatever had held her steadfast let go. She rushed to Jim's aid and wrapped her arms tightly around his chest, which shook with violent sobs. She knew something had finally played itself out to him but she had no idea what. Jim acknowledged her attempts to comfort him by taking her hand and sitting up against the wall. The color was coming back to his face and he smiled at his wife.
"Jim?" she asked tentatively.
"I'm alright. Everything is going to be alright," he sighed. 
The wind had dropped off suddenly, without their noticing and they suddenly took note of it. The house was wet from one end to the other. The living room was covered in leaves, glass and debris but the storm was over for the time being. It was still raining and thunder rumbled around the hills but the real storm had passed. 
The couple sat on the floor embracing, knowing that the storm had passed in more ways than one, but another was on the way. When they stood back up, the sun was peeking through the clouds again and it was almost half past one. 
Exhausted, Jim flopped onto the bed ten hours later and was asleep almost before his head hit the pillow. Chopping up and removing the tree had been a chore that three men would not have accomplished in the time Jim had done it. With a style that any lumberjack would have been proud of, he had gone at the tree with axe and saw while Megan cleaned up around him. Moments after he had fallen into bed, the hammer he had been using to board up the window still in his hand, Megan laid down beside him. The exhausted couple didn't even bother undressing. 

Chapter Eleven: Monday
His eyes opened suddenly, blinked a couple of times then came into focus on the light fixture on the ceiling above him. His ears told him it was raining again, not hard, but steadily and Megan was sleeping beside him, her breathing soft and rhythmic. His muscles ached and he sighed. He raised his head and looked down at his body, still clothed as it had been the day before and the clothes were still wet both with rain that had fallen on him as he chopped the tree into manageable chunks that would fuel his fireplace some day, and with the sweat that had run freely as he toiled without break. 
As he rose and began to shed the clothes, Megan woke and sat up, regarding him oddly. She knew something was still not right with him but she was relieved that he'd slept all night as near as she could tell and he looked rested though drawn. She still feared what he was going to do, as she knew he was going to do something. She had been there while he conversed with someone she couldn't see, but could not make out most of what Jim had said. It had been almost like she had been in a different time frame, the words either going too quickly or dragging out into unintelligible moaning sounds.
"What's going to happen now Jim?" she asked, then added before he could answer, "what happened yesterday?" 
"Megan, when everything is over and done, I'll try to explain it to you. I still don't understand it fully. Just wait until it's done." 
"Jim…" she started. He silenced her with his hand upheld. 
"Please, bear with me for now. It's been a difficult week, another day or two won't change anything." he said, walking away into the bathroom. Before he stepped into the shower, she was standing there behind him. She slipped her arms around him and he returned the embrace as he turned to face her. Her brow was deeply furrowed and he kissed it tenderly. 
"What can I do Jimmy?" she whispered. He brushed her hair off her face and smiled. 
"You can hang in there for just a little longer, k?" 
"Sure. I guess so." she pouted as she watched him step into the shower. 'Difficult week my ass,' she thought, 'it's been pure Hell.' But of course, he was right, they had survived this long and now that some sort of end was in sight, she could bear a day or two more. She only wished she knew what was coming. 
Standing in the shower, the hot water spraying soothingly on his aching body, Jim sighed and reviewed what had happened since the last time he had felt halfway to being himself. He reviewed the dreams, visions and nightmares, the consultation with his doctor friend who had a friend who had many friends, the information he'd gained and the realizations he'd had to face.
Amidst these thoughts arose a feeling that was, by then, familiar, though he was uncertain exactly when it had started. He had known only that he was going to do something about the whole situation until he realized the feeling coming over him.
In his mind he saw a picture of three men handing around a corner store and being a nuisance. It then occurred to him that the thing that had to be done was to take these three punks aside and let them know where they stood socially. He found himself wondering how he alone would manage it and in only a few seconds he was seeing the smoke filled interior of a bar room with a long, heavy oak bar along one wall, a row of small tables down the middle and booths along the far side. An ashtray on the bar bore the name 'The Pearl'.
The man behind the bar was wiping out a glass, eyeing a couple of young fellows that were boisterously drunk in one of the booths. Something told Jim that the barkeep's name was Joe. It wasn't as if someone was communicating the information, moreover it seemed there was suddenly an extension of his memory; connecting his mind to Quincy's. There were several moments when Jim was uncertain of just what to do with the information he'd just received, then it came clear. 

Within the hour Jim was sitting at the end of the bar, looking down a draught beer, trying to ignore the boisterous drunks at the table across the room. There were only a handful of people there; himself, the bartender Joe, a waitress, the two boisterous young guys, three guys shooting pool at a table near the back door and a half dozen others of various descriptions scattered about the room. The bartender was standing only a few feet away from Jim, his eyes watching the two young men. 
"Mind yer manners lads!" Joe finally called to the two. They looked at him defiantly for a few seconds then waved and settled down somewhat. Joe smiled as he looked at Jim. "Don't mind them now, the only damage they've ever done has been to each other. Need another drink?" he asked pleasantly. 
"Sure, thanks. Pretty regular crowd, huh?" Jim said casually. He wanted to just blurt out what he wanted but he knew Joe would be suspicious of any new friend of Quincy's, so a little hedging first.
"Well I guess you might say so," he paused and glanced around then continued as he drew a new glass of beer. "Matter of fact, you're the only person here I don't know. Ever been in before?"
"No, never. Only been past a few times." Jim told him, slipping some money across the bar. 
"Well, she don't look like much, but it's as good a watering hole as any. Name's Joe, in case I didn’t mention it," he held out his hand, which was massive and scarred, reflective of his size which, though hidden mostly by the bar, was nearly awesome. 
"Jim. Actually I came on the recommendation of a mutual acquaintance," Jim hedged.
"Oh? Who might that be?" Joe asked, releasing Jim's hand. 
"Fellow by the name of Quincy," he hesitated. Joe eyed him, his face turning color slightly, one eyebrow raised. 
"You knew Quincy? We talkin' about the same Quince?"
"Yep. Quincy Paulson, used to drop in for a beer now and then. "
"Well, that's him. How might a young fellow like you have come to know an old duffer like Quincy, I wonder. Rest his soul. Say, you heard about what happened to him?"
"Uh huh, you might say that's why I'm here. How I came to know him is kind of a long story." Jim told him. "I suppose you know the police have all but given up on the whole affair?"
"Yeah," Joe said, sneering. "It really burns me too. Poor old guy like Quincy. They must have beat him up real bad to have killed him, I'll tell you. I've kicked a few asses around myself, but Lord in heaven, nothing like that. God damned animals they were." He shook his head, his eyes blinking as though near tears. 
"Yeah, I know." Jim agreed, knowing better than what he could say. "Animals."
"You know, I saw him as they were taking him off, after closing time. Just beat to a pulp. Hardly looked like 'im. I've seen lots but I never saw nothing like it before."
Jim shook his head and listened to Joe's comments for a minute.
"Listen Joe, there's something I wanted to mention to you about the whole thing. If you were interested, I could use your help with something." Jim said, leaning forward and lowering his voice. Joe looked around and motioned that he would be back in a moment. Then he moved down the bar and spoke to the waitress as he filled her drink orders. A minute later she walked away and resumed chatting with her customers at the other end of the room. Joe came back and leaned on the bar by Jim.
"What ya got in mind, Jim?" he asked as he tucked his towel in his apron strings.
"Well, this might sound kind of funny at first, but bear with me. Alright?" Joe nodded. "I'm talking about, shall we say, doing right by old Quincy. Vengeance, so to say." Jim said in a hushed voice. Joe stood and raised his hands in an exaggerated shrug. 
"How're we going to do that? I mean, hey, the police don't know who did it. I don't know who did it." Joe hesitated and eyed Jim carefully. "Do you know who did it?" Jim nodded affirmatively and Joe dropped his hands.
"How?" Joe demanded, putting his hands on his hips. His eyes were aflame with the prospect of getting the savage animals that killed his friend.
"That's part of a long story but suffice it to say I know. For sure, with no doubts in my mind." Jim said. He picked up his beer and as he sipped, he watched Joe thinking it over.
"Alright. I know when not to ask too many questions. If you say you know who did it and you say you want to get 'em, I'll do what I can. You got my help." 
"I'm glad. I know it would mean a lot to Quincy." Jim told him. Joe's eyes lit up a bit at that and through a small, tight smile, he let Jim know it meant a lot to him too. At that moment they were a pair, with one end in mind. The ball was in play, and Joe excused himself again to make a few phone calls, during which he filled another round for the waitress. On his way back to Jim he filled some more glasses for the pool players, waved good night to the formerly boisterous pair that were leaving and drew another beer for Jim, which he waved the money away for. 
"Listen Jim," he said, setting the beer down, "I called some guys that I know have an interest in this thing and they're going to come right over. Caught them all down at the Vets' club." Joe chuckled. "When you finish your beer, give say, oh, ten minutes then you get up and go into my office." He slid Jim a key. "When the guys get here, I'll send them back to talk to you. You clue them in and I'll be with you as soon as my spare man gets here." Jim nodded and put the key in his pocket as Joe walked down to the other end of the bar to serve a customer that had just come in. 
Ten minutes later Jim rose and strolled to the back, past the pool table and the players groaning over a missed shot and found the washroom. He noticed a short hallway leading to a set of stairs leading to the basement, Jim guessed, judging by the way the light seemed to shine up the wall at the end. Across the hall was a door that he couldn't see but hoped was the office. He slipped the key into the hole and it opened, thankfully, without a sound. He shut it behind himself and looked around.
The door had a window in it of white Plexiglas that let the light in but could not be seen through. It also couldn't be broken by clumsy delivery men coming in and out of the basement, Jim noted. He let his eyes adjust to the dim light, then saw a cluttered desk in front of him, flanked by filing cabinets and several boxes of paper. There were a dozen or so bottles of various liquors sitting in an opened bottom drawer. He pulled the chair out and sat down, noting, as he turned around, that there were three other chairs in the small room, two of them stacked upon the third, behind the door. He picked up one of the bottles and studied its label for lack of something else to do. He listened to the noises of the bar room; the laughs and groans and comments of the pool players, further on the constant conversation of the customers, marked by louder comments and bursts of laughter. Jim noted that it was a very typical night in a typical neighborhood bar where business wasn't bad, but could be better.
It was almost six on the nose when a shadow came upon the door and a light tap on the glass announced someone was coming in. Jim stood up and looked around for a weapon. Then he laughed at himself for his nervousness. He laughed at his secrecy upon entering, then reminded himself that the fewer people that got involved, the better. Through the door a minute later came the bartender and the first of his friends. For the first time, Jim noticed how large Joe was; fully six foot four and easily three hundred pounds, though little of it seemed to be fat. Something about lifting cases of liquor and kegs of beer kept a man in shape, Jim told himself. The other man was Jim's size, though obviously older. 
Joe interested him only as O'Brien. He stood around five foot nine or so, weighed about a hundred and sixty and despite the fact that he was, at first glance, about fifty, he was in impressive shape. He wore a military type crew cut and had a lean, mean looking face, which didn’t bother with a smile when he shook Jim's hand. After exchanging names, Joe left them and returned to the bar. O'Brien grabbed one of the stacked chairs and sat it down in the corner, out of the way of the door which they knew would be opening again. He sat backwards on it, the back of the chair providing an arm-rest which he crossed his arms on. He stared at him for several long and uncomfortable moments.
"One of those bottles there say bourbon?" he asked, nodding towards the drawer. Jim leaned and checked. Sure enough, there was a bottle marked bourbon. Jim picked it up and handed it over to O'Brien.
"Looks like you're in luck." Jim said matter-of-factly. 
"Ah, yep. That's the stuff." he said after a long pull straight out of the bottle. Jim winced as he imagined what that would have felt like to his own stomach. O'Brien cleared his throat, staring at the bottle then looked at Jim and spoke. "So you've got something of interest to me and my friends."
"Hope so." Jim said quietly, trying to decide if he liked this fellow. He couldn't tell for sure, but he doubted it. 
"I hope so too. The others will be along in a few minutes. We were just finishing up a hand of cards when Joe called. They're probably still fighting over the money." he said with a grin.
"I think it'll be worth hearing for you." Jim said smugly. 
"I'll drink to that." O'Brien said, gesturing with the bottle which he then upended and drained, the amber liquid disappearing quickly. There had only been a few ounces left in the bottle, Jim noted, but it should have lasted longer.
At six-thirty the door opened again and Joe entered with two more men. As they were introduced to Jim he noted that these two were cut from the same cloth as O'Brien; old military men, Jim was convinced as Joe told him their names. 
Slightly taller than O'Brien, Mitchell was also older looking, though he weighed about the same. Jim guessed he was about sixty, though they were all in surprisingly good condition.
Greensby was the same size as O'Brien and looked to be the same age. He was surprised when, during the opening conversation, he was informed that they were all the same age; sixty three. They had begun their military careers at the same time and retired at the same time, with years of stories to tell in between. And they all knew Quincy from the Vets' club where they all spent their days. They were mutually anxious to find out what Joe had called them here for, so Jim explained to them what he intended.
"You mean you want us to find these punks and take 'em down a peg or two?" O'Brien asked. They all harrumphed and shook their heads.
"Sounds good to me, O'Brien, what do ya say?" Mitchell asked. 
"Damn right we will!" O'Brien roared. "I say we do it. Damn stupid cops either can't or won't. By God, in the name of Paulson, the bunch of us has to do it."
"It's settled then, where do we start?" Greensby said, pointing out that they had no idea where to look or for whom. O'Brien was about to say something when Jim stood up in the cramped little room and stretched his legs a bit.
"That's why I'm here. You guys all want to do something about these killers. I know who and where they are," he announced. The three fell silent and stared.
"Like he said," Joe started, "that's why he's here. Between the five of us we can settle the score and maybe even make sure it doesn't happen again. If we all agree, I think we can wrap this all up tonight."
Naturally, they all agreed, quite heartily. It was seven-thirty when they left the office and slipped out the back door of the bar, noticed only by the relief bartender, who had promised that he 'wouldn't notice'.

Four blocks down from the Pearl was a street that had fewer lights on it, and therefore a greater concentration of less than desirable types hanging around. Three blocks south, on a corner where most people hoped their cars would not stall, stood a small neighborhood convenience store that had seen better days. Hardly a month passed by that the store was not held up, broken into or vandalized. 
Eight o'clock rolled around as Jim's car rolled up in front of the store. He'd seen it before only in a dream, but found it with no problem. Mitchell rode with him, wearing a tattered old coat and dirt about his cheeks, looking every inch a derelict. As the car came to a stop, a police cruiser appeared out of the alley which ran alongside the store. It stopped in front of Jim's car for a second, then left, cruising slowly down the street.
The police car was not yet out of sight when three figures emerged from the alley across from where it met the road on the other side. Jim's eyes could not clearly make them out when a feeling came over him that compared to nothing he had ever felt before. Quincy was telling him that it was the right three figures. He was there somewhere, somehow watching every step of the way and Jim smiled, it felt good to have Quincy there. Mitchell looked at Jim, then back at the three as they stepped into the yellow light that shone off the front of the store. 
"It's them." Jim said calmly, nodding toward them for Mitchell's benefit. Mitchell nodded and went into action, opening the door and rolling out onto the sidewalk. The three stopped and watched as the man stumbled to his feet and they laughed.
"Thanksh for da lift, fella," Mitchell slurred as he fell onto the hood of the car. He played a drunk with incredible accuracy. The punks were convinced and decided to postpone harassing the convenience store clerk until they'd had a little fun with the wino.
The car pulled away when Mitchell was safely away from it and the three turned all the way around to watch him stumble in their direction, then veer off and head down the alley. They all grinned and waited only a few seconds before following. As the plan had been laid, so it was happening, Mitchell grinned in the dark, glancing over his shoulder. 
He increased his speed just a bit in order to gain a few feet without them realizing it. They crossed a street and continued, the punks still following, closing in and almost giggling with excitement. Mitchell was disgusted by them, as he knew his friends would be, when the group arrived at the end of the alley.
As the seemingly derelict Mitchell came to the end of the alley, a dead end that was bordered by two brick walls, a garage door and an eight foot wooden fence, he stopped and turned to face the three giggling would-be muggers. He smiled at them as he straightened to his full height and, as soberly as a judge, he spoke to them.
"I guess this is the end of the road, fellas." 
"For you it is," said the biggest punk, being too stupid to realize that this drunk really wasn't one. He pulled back to swing a punch at Mitchell's face and found a foot stuffed into his stomach. 
"Perhaps you're mistaken." Mitchell said, knowing that the rustling sounds coming down the alley were made by his friends. 
"Son of a bitch!" the punk said, now sprawled on the concrete and broken glass. The other two were diving at Mitchell now but he dropped back two steps and dodged to his left. As the middle sized punk stumbled by, he kicked out again, catching the younger man at the ear. The hoodlum stumbled into the wall, clutching at the stinging at the side of his head.
They were still oblivious to the approaching support that Mitchell was waiting for. Even when they were within a half dozen yards they were unseen. The moonlight had been stolen by cloud and thunder rolled overhead. 
"Hey old man, watch who you're kicking!" the biggest punk yelled as he launched another attack on the old man, who was more than ready. He'd taken on the same number of guerilla trained soldiers half again his size on some of his missions, so thirty years evened the odds a little bit. He grabbed the charging shoulders and went down, rolling the punk over him and would up on the shocked young chest where he dropped his weight as hard as he could. His old bones ached in protest, but not as much as his mind screamed out for justice. 
"I'm watching, punk. You and your little friends are finished."
"That's what you think, you old bastard!" yelled the little punk as he wound up his arms over his head, holding a board in the air, about to spill Mitchell's brains with it. O'Brien chose that time to join in the melee. He was in front of the shortest mugger before the board was swung downwards and drove his hammer-like fist into the youth's mouth, a loud crack announcing the fractured jaw. The board fell to the ground behind the kid and he crumpled into a sniveling ball before O'Brien could punch him again. O'Brien was deeply disappointed and reached down to pick him up. When he felt the dampness on his leg where the punk's limp body came up against his own, he let go and watched the youth fall to the ground, unconscious. 
"The little bastard's pissed himself!" O'Brien laughed. He stood over the unmoving bit of a man and found it hard to believe he was standing over a murderer. He looked up in time to see Jim and Joe each grabbing an arm of the middle sized punk and all but throwing him into the garage door, creating a crash louder than the thunder of the approaching storm. It began to rain. 
Joe pulled the arms of the middle sized punk around behind his back and Jim drove his fist as hard as he could into the hard young stomach, which had little effort on him. He laughed at Jim, which was a mistake. The foot came up with such speed that the middle sized punk didn't know he was being kicked until his groin exploded into his stomach and he threw up down his own shirt. His feet came off the ground as he withdrew into a fetal crouch, still supported by Joe's powerful arms. Joe dropped him mercilessly to the ground and stepped over to where Mitchell was busily rearranging the face of the big punk, who was still stupidly mouthing off. Greensby was just about to end the flow of verbal abuse by kicking the big punk's head when he glanced to the side and stopped, foot off the ground behind him. He froze.
Standing in the pouring rain; invisible in the shadows when the sky wasn't lit up by lightning, was Quincy Paulson, his face shining with a pleased smile. He held up his hands and closed his eyes. All five- Jim, Joe, Mitchell, O'Brien and Greensby stopped everything, including breathing. Jim spoke first, being the only one that knew what was happening. 
"You are being avenged Quincy, it is to be done!" he said loudly.
"Yes, it must be done," said the little old man. "The powers that be have decreed it. Justice will be done."
"Quince?" Joe asked, taking a step toward the little man, then stopped. "But I saw you in the alley. You were - you're dead!"
"Try to understand my friends, it was not my time. That is why these three must face the price of what they did. It is not my wish, for I have never been a spiteful man." They all nodded. From the past friendships, four of them knew it to be true and Jim knew it because he'd been shown most of Quincy's life in his dreams and visions.
"Quince!" O'Brien started. "We got 'em for you, pal! They're as good as dead right now."
"No!" Quincy was emphatic. "They don't know what has happened yet. They must face it." And he faded into the darkness a bit. 
Greensby helped Mitchell up off the big punk's chest and then dragged the youth to his feet. The kid spat out a tooth and some blood, which had been running freely from several places for more than a few minutes. The redness of the blood was bringing out the detail of the still-healing scar Quincy had given him. 
As the middle punk was picked up by Joe, he lost more of his supper, which Joe avoided by lifting him at arm's length by his neck, his huge powerful hands grasping him just below the ears. 
Finally, the littlest ruffian opened his eyes in response to Mitchell's slapping his face around. They were all, finally, half cognizant of their surroundings when Quincy came back into full view. All three gasped, then the big punk shrieked. 
"You! You're… You're supposed to be…" he started.
"Dead!" Quincy bellowed at him. He pointed his finger accusingly. "Dead at your hands, you three cowards! Now things are turned on you and you will pay the price!" His voice was accentuated by a clap of thunder. "Release them my friends!" Quincy laughed as the three were released. Their feet hit the ground and they were gone. 
The five men in the alley exchanged puzzled glances and shrugs as they watched the three shadows disappear in the rain. Quincy was watching after them too. He looked over his shoulder and smiled as he began to fade out in the darkness, moving away and up, without moving. His face shone as he spoke.
"Their deaths must not be on your hands, my friends. That debt must not be on your souls. They have paid in fear and I am freed. God will decide when they go." And Quincy was gone. 

Without knowing how they might have done it, the five realized they were suddenly sitting in the Pearl, sipping their favorite drinks; even Joe was sipping a beer behind the bar. They were dry and warm and not tired at all. It was somehow six-thirty again. 
"I don't feel exactly right," O'Brien said suddenly, curiously.
"I know what you mean. Sort of, oh, I don't know, sort of like I've been up too long." Mitchell concurred. 
"Bit of a headache," Greensby added as he nodded.
Joe looked at the three, then at Jim and shrugged. He lifted his glass high and said nothing. The other four looked at him oddly for a few seconds, then they all lifted their glasses and grinned.
"To Quincy Paulson, the damnest little man I'll ever meet." 
"Aye!" They all said at once, Jim included. 
"You know, fellas," Jim started, "I feel pretty good now that we've said that." They all thought a moment and nodded. "I think Quincy had himself a great bunch of friends here. He must have been one hell of a guy."
The three vets at the bar exchanged glances, looked at Joe who was looking back, all curiously, then they looked at Jim. 
"I thought you said you did know him!" Joe said, pointing at him with his glass. 
"Well, uh, like I said, it’s a long story. And if you guys will excuse me, I'm kind of tired and my wife is probably wondering where I've gotten to." He stood and took a few steps toward the door. Joe narrowed his eyes to slits and glared. Greensby spun around on the barstool, his hand shot out and grabbed Jim by the arm.
"I think we'd like to hear that long story sometime." he said. 
"Well, maybe someday." Jim smiled. He took Greensby's hand and shook it. "Then again, maybe you wouldn't want to hear it at all."
Again they all exchanged glances then nodded. Thinking back to what had happened somehow in the few hours that, according to the clock, hadn't passed yet, they knew that they didn't want to hear it, not really. 
"You know, Jim," Mitchell said, "I think you're right. I, for one, don't wanna hear it."
"About the drinks…"Jim said, suddenly remembering. Joe waved him off. 
"It's on Quincy's tab. Any time you drop around, Jim, it's on Quincy's tab." he said with a wink. Jim turned and walked to the door. He stopped again when O'Brien called to him. 
"Jim!" the deep voice came. "Any time you need a hand with anything again…" He needn't have finished. They all raised their glasses and saluted Jim as he left. He suddenly decided that he did like O'Brien despite his abrasive personality. And he knew he could go back and ask for their help again, but before that, he had a wife to go home to.

Megan was sitting in the living room when he entered the house. She stood and began to run to him as though it had been months instead of hours since she had last seen him, then stopped, not knowing what to think. Would he take her in his arms and be his old self again? Or would he still be next to nuts? She waited and watched him walk into the room.
"Jimmy?" she called softly as he stopped in his steps and just regarded her for a few moments.
"Megan, its alright." he said, just above a whisper. And then she was across the room in his arms, hugging his neck tightly. She kissed him excitedly and he lifted her off the floor in their embrace, then the two of them fell on to the couch. 
They lay there in each other's arms for a long time, kissing passionately and then they rose together and hand in hand went up to the bedroom where they fell into bed. There, they slowly and lovingly undressed each other. They caressed and massaged each other's weary bodies for hours, then finally locked into the familiar embrace that would last throughout the night.

Chapter Twelve: Tuesday
At sunrise Jim and Megan were still awake, still naked and still locked together. There were birds singing in the yard and a gentle breeze came in through the screen door that led to the balcony. They smiled at each other and watched the sky cloud up around ten. Then when the violent electrical storm let loose at ten-thirty, Megan took notice that Jim was still as relaxed as he had been through the night. She studied him carefully as they pulled away from each other and he rose from the bed. To her surprise, he walked over to the window, where the rain was blowing in on the carpet and the curtains were flapping about wildly. He stared out at the sky as it repeatedly lit up and roared. 
"Give 'em one for me Quince." he said, barely audible.
"What's that?" Megan asked, watching him. He turned and grinned. 
"Just talking to someone on his way to somewhere better."
"Is that it, then?" she asked, hopefully. 
"I think so."
"Want to tell me about it?"
"No." He laid back down and pulled her to him, and as they resumed their embrace, he thought that somewhere a few scant miles away, in an alley in the rain, there was a trio of former hoodlums that were suddenly terrified of thunderstorms. 'Funny,' he thought, 'doesn't bother me a bit.'
And he'd have sworn that the next round of thunder sounded distinctly like deep, satisfied laughter, but he didn’t mention it. He held Megan very tightly and they stayed in bed a little longer yet. 
**************






Connect with the Author Online:
Twitter:
http://twitter.com/#!/smitchener85
Smashwords:
http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/smitchener
