The Soul
 Collector
J.D. Simser
J.D. Simser
Windsor, Ontario

Copyright © 2016 by J.D. Simser.

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. For permission requests, write to the publisher, addressed “Attention: Permissions Coordinator,” at the address below.

Find out more about the author and upcoming releases online at www.jdsimser.ca. 

Contact me at comments@jdsimser.ca   

Publisher’s Note: This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are a product of the author’s imagination. Locales and public names are sometimes used for atmospheric purposes. Any resemblance to actual people, living or dead, or to businesses, companies, events, institutions, or locales is completely coincidental.

Editor: S. Fournier

The Soul Collector/ J.D. Simser. -- 1st ed.
ISBN 978-0-9948783-9-7
Contents
Chapter 01 – Rhett
Chapter 02 – Nika
Chapter 03 – Rhett
Chapter 04 – The Collector
Chapter 05 – Nika
Chapter 06 – Rhett 
Chapter 07 – The Collector
Chapter 08 – Nika
Chapter 09 – Jordan
Chapter 10 – Rhett
Chapter 11 – The Collector
Chapter 12 – Rhett
Chapter 13 – Nika
Chapter 14 – Rhett
Chapter 15 – Nika
Chapter 16 – The Collector
Chapter 17 – Rhett
Chapter 18 – Nika
Chapter 19 – Jordan
Chapter 20 – Nika 
Chapter 21 – Rhett
Chapter 22 – Nika
About The Author
Chapter one
Rhett

Have you ever looked in the mirror and not recognize the face staring back at you? I do, all the time. It was just meant to be a little online flirting and harmless fun, but then the unexpected happened; I fell in love. Now, that casual flirting is going to cost me more than I ever expected it to. Dreams, no matter how big or small, have a price and my dream seems gigantic so the price must be bigger. The cost and the risk have a bittersweet taste then, burns like acid. Yet, still smells as sweet as caramel.
I am a dreamer and a liar. Lies, even the smallest ones, can grow until they take on a life of their own. Then you lose all control over them. That is where I find myself now. Caught chasing a dream built on a foundation of lies. At first they were small ones that should not have mattered, now have become so big that they smoother the truth. They got so out of control until I cannot grab hold of the fantasy and I do not want to return to reality.
Nika was an unexpected delight in my life. Delight probably wasn’t a strong enough word to describe that one woman I can't help but dream of every night. You could say that she was my type. I actually didn’t even know I had a type until I met her. I met her online. It was just supposed to be a simple conversation then I would move on to talking to another woman, but that’s not what happened. Not even close. At first it was just a few interesting messages, but I found myself stuck on the conversation. Those little things that she told me lingered in my mind long after the conversation had ended. It was akin to one of those annoying songs that always seem to get stuck in your head. She was the most interesting woman I had met in a long time. In my world filled with work, dreams and a multitude of events, it's rare that I find myself stuck on a conversation. Generally, I consider people an unwanted distraction, but she was different. Right from the start she was a wanted distraction. Her personality shined so bright that I found myself not just wanting to know more, but eagerly waiting for tomorrow to come so I could talk to her again. I even found true disappointment when she didn’t respond to my messages at first. What made it really strange for me was that she didn’t appear as interested in me as I was in her.  I had to work to get her attention and work even harder to keep it. I knew courtship is important, but up until then I had never found myself pondering creative ways to get a woman to say hi before. Up until meeting Nika, I didn’t think any woman was worth that much effort. Therefore, if I have a type, it is definitely Nika. That is what brought me here today. 
The living room felt dimmer today for some reason. It wasn’t the lighting or time of year that made it feel dark. It was the same room that it had always been with the ugly beige wallpaper that was beginning to peel and that fake plastic looking hardwood floor. Unlike its usually bright warm feeling that always seemed to be everywhere, today it felt cold and empty. Maybe it was the emptiness growing inside me lately that killed the atmosphere. Looking around the room, I kept thinking this isn’t the life I wanted. Hell at forty-one years old, I thought that I would have more or at least done more. After four decades of just existing I didn’t have a legacy to leave behind unless you could call two ex-wives and a daughter that wouldn’t even throw water on me if I was on fire a legacy. Unlike most people though, I know how I got here. Every choice I made along the way, I was always telling myself that I would deal with the consequences later in life. They add up so fast that you have no idea what you got yourself into. That's also when the lies started. It starts with a small little white lie that doesn’t really matter either way, then you add another followed by another and before you know it you find yourself completely surrounded by them. That’s the way consequences go. You think of today, never looking to the future until that unseen future is here and then it's time to pay the price. All those consequences stack up like a pile of wood and they go up so high that they block out the sky. Fucking consequences.
Sitting at the edge of the big blue corner couch, I leaned forward and grabbed a picture of Nika. This was the sexiest one. Not the most erotic one because there were many of those types, but the sexy one. I had many photos of her that she had sent over the past five months, but this one was special to me. I actually didn’t know why it was, but it was. This was a younger version of her. She was one of those unique women who got sexier with age, but this picture was special. This one always made my heart flutter even if I never told her. It was just a simple picture of a twenty-one-year-old angel sitting in a beige chair. Like most women, she was wearing a dress that was just a little too short and you could see the crotch of her white panties. Not the sexy thong type like she wears now, but just normal white panties. I had always meant to ask her if she realized that her panties were showing, but it was just another thing I meant to do, but didn’t. That list was rather large as well. The, I will do it tomorrow list, but tomorrow never comes. What made this picture so special was that ‘I love you’ look in her eyes. I assumed that there was a boy she adored behind the camera, but I never asked her that either. Some questions you just don’t want to know the answer to. I prefer to think that the ‘I love you’ look glowing in her eyes was meant just for me. It's the lie I tell myself. That all the I love you looks in her innocent eyes are mine and mine alone. Staring into those eyes and believing the lie made the distance seem just a little easier to handle these days.
There was an aching sensation in my chest as I reached over to grab the novel gently tucked in beside me. Lately aches and pains seemed to be all I knew. They called it broken heart syndrome, which was more accurate than I care to admit. Most times it occurs after a major life-changing event like the death of a loved one or some kind of tragedy like killing someone in an accident. Then there's me. The stress of the hole I had dug myself into broke my heart literally and I woke up in a hospital bed alone and feeling empty. The quack doctor told me it was a minor issue compared to other ailments and given time I would recover. The problem is recovery was a slow process and I was losing her. Of course, I knew that it was just another consequence stacked on that massive pile that I had been building my whole life. Smoking, drinking and eating pizza three times a day for years had given my body a great challenge to overcome, then add a broken heart. The sharp shooting pain finally faded away to a dull throb. My body had climatized itself to it. Three months ago, I would have seen that dull throb as agonizing pain, but now it was just an annoying part of life. I opened the book, grabbed a pen and wrote, “To my darling. You inspired love and deserve to be loved. Sorry I failed you once more.” I tucked the picture into the book and gently placed it into a little box. Everything was prepared and I was sure that she would get it. This one three-hundred-page book would not only be my legacy, but the blue print our love story. To me, we lived a fairy-tale every day until I failed her one too many times. I smiled thinking that she would have a true collector's item. Only five sold and the only autographed copy belonged to her. She collected such mementos and deserved it. It was the one special thing that I could offer her. I was sending her all my love and heart etched into the pages of a book.
I felt tired and my sweaty hands felt dirty. The days seemed longer and lonelier lately. My hands were trembling as I reached down grabbing my coffee cup. Taking a swig, I emptied the contents and placed the empty cup beside me. Laughing I thought that I just drank my last cup of coffee and it wasn’t even hot coffee. Who knows? Maybe the coffee is always hot in Hell. If the bible was right that is. Soon enough I would solve one of life’s great mysteries. Of course like all those before me, unless I came back to haunt the world, I couldn’t share the knowledge. If I didn't feel so pathetic, the irony would make me roll over laughing. As my grandfather used to say, “Laugh at yourself because the rest of the world surely is laughing at you the minute your back is turned.” Grandpa wasn't exactly what you call an optimistic kind of guy.
I didn’t want to leave a letter behind for many reasons. The best reasons I could come up with were, it seemed too old school and there was always the possibility that it might get lost in the mail. International mail had a habit of losing stuff. Of course, the fact that it passed through so many hands didn’t help. Mind you, everything I ever tried to send international seemed to go south more than me. Sending flowers, candy and pretty much everything else I tried, failed. It wasn't always my fault though. The first time was a delay because she didn't give the proper address information. I am not even sure how the hell it's my fault that she didn't give me the proper address, but either way, her heart broke and I am to blame in her eyes. I actually was ready to leave her twice because of this type of thing, but every time I heard that soft voice chirp in that amazing accent my heart exploded with love and I couldn't. That's the problem with love. If it's real, it grows stronger regardless of what the world throw at you. Grabbing my smart phone, I pressed the record button and decided to leave a voice message. I was one of the video programs that allowed you to also send voice messages if the person wasn't online. Better way to send a last ‘I love you’ I think. Well better for me. It was probably an asshole move on my part to do it, but I couldn't handle talking to her personally so this seemed like a good alternative. Talking a deep breath, I tried to calm my voice and whispered, "Hello baby, I know that I have failed you again and this time was one time too many. I don’t want you to think that you are anything less than the love of my life. You were. The only love of my life. I don’t want you to give up on love. I am not worth such a great sacrifice. Hell I am not worth any sacrifice. I am proof that a man can truly love a woman with all his heart and not be worthy of her love. You were my best friend, true companion, partner and love of my life rolled up in one amazing woman. Never forget that. Never think you are anything less than absolute perfection. Again sorry I failed you. Love you always Rhett."
I stared down at the phone wondering if the message was clear enough. I hesitated to press the send button since this message might be the last one I ever sent her. How would it compare to all the long over exaggerated love letters I sent her? Would my last message be the final disappointment? She wouldn’t understand its importance at first, but eventually she would. Eventually she would understand that life without her wasn’t living life, not to me. I was just an old broken man existing, not living, life was nothing without her. I hit send and started deleting email accounts and chat applications from my phone. I didn’t want to leave any traces of my life for others to find. In case things went a different way then I planned, I wanted to leave the world with a mystery. It's not like anyone would really care or that there would be scholars discussing and hypothesizing about my last days, but you never know.
I was staring at the cigarette pack trying to decide if I wanted one or not. Habits, no matter how good or bad, are hard to break. I have smoked a pack a day ever since I can remember. At first it was to look cool then it became an addiction. I don't even enjoy it anymore, but I still light one up. I decided that I would have one last cigarette. I watched the circular rings of smoke twirling in the air. I had struggled in an endless battle to quit since I met Nika, but like most things in life, I never quite won this battle. Stress and life always seemed to be kicking me harder and harder and there was always another failure. As I took my last drag I wondered what the next few minutes would bring. I had done the research, but most of the available information was legend and fairy-tale. Desperate times required great risk and damn if I wasn't desperate. One way or another, it wouldn’t matter if I was a genius or a fool. Either result was fine with me. I had made a choice and now I just had to follow through. This time I knew the consequences and was at peace with it. Well maybe at peace with it isn't the best wording; I was prepared to go through with it. It was just like jumping off a bridge. Once you are over the edge there is no changing your mind and if you do it's just too damn late.
I reached down and opened an ancient looking leather book with red writing on it. The pages looked old and I am still surprised that they didn't crumble as I read them. It was a loner from a professor at a local university. Luckily, she liked my first book so she eagerly loaned me her book on demonology. Go figure if you look hard enough you can find a book on just about everything from demons to suicide. Of course I knew a lot about both things now. If one failed, the other was my back up. I started skimming though the yellowish stained pages until I came to the one with a circular image on the page. It wasn't exactly a complicated design, but it looked real and the damn book looked like it was very old. Taking a deep breath, I tried to calm my trembling hands which was a task in itself. Mind over matter way of thinking wouldn't work here. Now that I was terrified and telling an involuntary action to stop wasn't exactly an easy task. It was doing or die time. Trying to build up courage, I kept whispering, “I can do this. I must do this. I might not be able to control the outcome, but this you can control.”
Kneeling on the floor, I laid the book flat and started drawing on the floor in wide broad strokes until a circle made with thick lines a meter across formed. I wanted to make sure that there was no room for mistakes so I kept tracing along the edges of the round shape making the lines thicker and thicker until they were about two inches wide. Just like the image in the book I created a second circle inside it and at four points inside I drew the letters ‘E’, ‘B’, ‘U’ and ‘N’. I really had no idea what they represented only that the image had them in it. Next, I started to make squiggly lines and what looked like musical notes in the center. I compared them to the slightly faded images in the picture and was confident that they were the same or as close as I could draw them. I had always thought that things like this required candles and some secret prayer that was quoted in Latin, but the book didn’t reference anything like that. It just quoted blood and something about the brink of death that the demon would be summoned to walk amongst the world. That was the scary part. So scary that I was betting a lot on what might end up being just a bloody fairy-tale and I was never a good gambler.
Taking a razor sharp hunting knife and silently saying the only prayer I knew, which was, “Our Father, which art in heaven.” It was instinct though, since I am not really a religious man and only knew the one prayer. If my cousin Mike could only hear me now he'd be laughing his ass off. Him being a priest and all, he would find in amusing that a self-proclaimed atheist was praying.  I held my breath and forced all the courage that I could muster out and with long forceful strokes I started slicing. You know in the movies where people get shot and scream a little, but they still manage to go on. If it's anything like the pain that followed slashing my wrists, it's utter bullshit. It was like a fire exploded inside my veins and blood shot up in the air like a hole poked in a garden hose. I struggled to squeeze my hand because it was like I lost all control over it, but the worst part was the increased blood flow that followed. At times like this the stupidest thoughts always seem to fill my mind. I kept thinking of the poor landlord and the mess I was leaving behind. The poor woman couldn't watch a horror movie because the images created after kept her up at night and here I was giving her it right in her rental property. Still whispering the Lord’s Prayer, I held my bleeding arm over the center of the circle. It felt heavy and trembled ferociously as I forced it up in the air and watched my life draining onto the floor. There was a lot more blood then I actually imagined there would be. The books didn’t prepare me for this part. Nothing could have prepared me for this part though. Even in my wildest nightmares, I couldn’t have imagined so much blood. Somehow I thought that the blood would run like a wild river, but it pooled like a pond without any tides to send ripples across the top.
I was starting to get light headed. I couldn’t afford to half ass this. One way or another I had to finish what I started here. I had to be done with it once and for all. My hands were feeling heavier and heavier. It was like they fell asleep only a hundred times number. My arms trembled so much that it was like an earthquake was rocking my body from the inside out. If I really had a soul, maybe it was shaking to its very foundation. Sitting on the floor leaning against the L shaped couch, I stumbled to grab hold of the knife. My hands felt flimsy so even after the challenge of grabbing the knife it looked awkward in my hand. I should have planned this much better. Less strength meant there was a much greater chance of failure. I laughed at the thought. How can you tell if you are a real failure? If you can’t even kill yourself right. The second attempt terrified me. It was the haunting memory of that first cut that made my stomach turn and my skin crawl. The agonizing pain that had to follow. I held my breath and slashed again. This time the cut wasn’t nearly as deep or straight, but it was done. Of course the pain was utterly immense, but it was done. All I needed to do was wait. Just sit back and wait for one of two things. Either I would get everything I ever wanted or nothing at all. Either way I was ready to face the consequences this time.
chapter two
Nika

I sat drumming my thumbs on the table top staring at the glass of wine. I didn't really want wine tonight, but I felt like I needed it. It had been another horrible day in a long series of horrible days that never seemed to want to end. Days like today made me truly wonder if karma was real and if it was, did the events of your past life carry over into the next one like traveler’s points. If that was the case, I must have been a nasty bitch in my past life because karma was kicking my ass every chance that it could. Seriously, it wasn't just kicking my ass on a daily basis, but expected me to say thank you for beating it too. International woman's day had lost its meaning today. I might be just plain stupid, but I expected flowers or candies and all I got was one of those lame ass e-cards that you send to someone when they aren't worth enough in your life to fork over the ten dollars to buy one or the ten minutes it takes to mail it. My father gave me flowers, but where is the romance in that? It was very cute though. A small bouquet of pink stargazer lilies, yellow gerberas, pink and green carnations, roses, alstroemeria, hydrangea, and purple accents, but it was from my father. That's what you get when you are ugly and single. Flowers from your father. I am an attractive woman with a boyfriend I love dearly and instead of the roses that say I love you, I get flowers from my father.
I probably should have just stayed home and moped about it rather then come here tonight; But Marianna kept insisting that I come. She kept saying that a woman being alone on woman's day was like not being invited to your own birthday party. Of course she ditched me as soon as we got to the bar. I was like the official table girl. You know, it's kind of like being the designated driver. All your friends get drunk and you see how stupid they can be while you wait to drive them home, only I am the one that stays at the table so they have a place to come when they leave the dance floor. A great ending to my day. The designated table girl.
All my friends have love, happiness and were headed towards all their dreams while I seem to be left behind. Today I didn't want to be daddy's little girl. At my age, I wanted to be a woman. To be romanced, to be seduced and taken. It had been so long since I had actually been touched by a man that I was beginning to feel like a virgin again and I was beginning to wonder if I would be able to remember what to do and what went where. Maybe it was wine taking over my common sense or maybe just me refusing to live with the heart break any more, but I was looking for more. One night of being taken, treated like a whore might just allow me to survive the endless nights of loneliness since it seemed like that was all life had to offer me lately.
I wasn't what you would call the bar type. It just wasn't really my kind of thing. I was more of a homebody and preferred snuggling on the couch with my feet wrapped in a blanket watching something on TV then shaking my ass at the dance clubs. I guess you would say that my style was lady by day and wild by night when I had a man, but it was generally in the safety of my home. Tonight though all the heartbreak was just making me madder and madder the more I thought about it. Angry enough to just give into my needs and desires, leaving the real world and common sense behind in the process. The dark wooden tabletop shined and I stared down at my reflection. I was beautiful. The man who received all my love and devotion was a lucky bastard. A very lucky bastard who should always want to romance me, not forget about me like I was his faithful hound to be only required on days that he goes hunting. The low cut dress I wore displayed a lot of cleavage. I had a lot of it to display and everyone noticed. It felt good to feel like an attractive sexy young woman again. I was, damn sexy after all. Not one of those skinny Barbie types, but still a beautiful woman in my own right. A real woman with curves and desires. If Rhett was too stupid to see that or even couldn't be bothered to send me flowers, then tonight I would find someone that would.
Even with the loud booming music, I heard the ding sing from my phone. A quick glance told me a message from Rhett just came in. There were still those little bubbly butterflies in my stomach that always came because I truly adored his voice, but I fought the temptation to sneak into the bathroom and listen to it this time. If I allowed myself to hear his voice, I was going to stop hating him and start missing him. It seems that I spent so much time staying home missing him when I should be out enjoying life. Not isolated and miserable. Tonight I wanted to forget that I ever met him. To forget that I had believed in the illusion of the life that we would build together. Tonight was physical not emotional. I didn’t care about happy ever after or romance right now. I didn’t even want to be loved right now. I just wanted to be taken and used for the night. To feel desired and wanted. To feel something real that didn't end the night with me crying in an empty bed all alone.
I scanned the dance floor trying not to get distracted by the flashing strobe lights and booming bass from the song that they were playing. Of course it had to be Amazed by Lonestar. The one night when I wanted to forget Rhett the most and push the image of him from my mind they had to play his favorite song. They had to play a damn love song. I envied those women who had their Prince Charming's arms wrapped firmly around them. That’s when I wondered what Rhett was doing right now. It was 3 PM there so he was probably watching TV or sitting in front of his computer. He always told me I inspired him to write and the words he used were very lovely. Even his love letters were something to swoon over. Of course I wished that he could offer me more than just shallow words and empty promises. How many times have those words made me cry alone at night until I lost all hope and they became meaningless? The worst part was every morning we would make up and I started believing them again like a fool. The biggest heartache of all was that I truly loved him. Not just the process of saying it, but the whole sensation that lives inside your body. They weren't just empty emotions, but it ran so deep that my soul cries for his touch like it's food and I am starving. It was like loving the devil. Trapped amongst the flames of passion with the bitter taste of brimstone.
"May I sit with you," a soft voice slid through the mystic. Looking up I was surprised to see a giant of a man standing there with a beer in one hand and a glass of wine in the other. "It seems to me that you are too beautiful to be sitting all alone on this day." It was your standard pick up line. I had heard a lot more creative ones, but I had heard a lot worse. So far the most creative and by far the most disgusting was the Polish guy who dumped his beer on me and grinned as he said you look wet let's get something warm inside you. Of course events like that were also one of the reasons that I hate bars. I was caught up in the square chin and emerald eyes of the man in front of me to actually answer. He looked like one of those naked statues where they are naked and posing. Giant chest, massive arms and big feet. Glancing down I couldn't help, but wonder if the rest of him was anatomically correct. Most times, it wasn't that way, but there were always those welcome exceptions. Those rare gentlemen who were massive in every way.
Smiling he set the wine down, "If you are with friends," I saw him looking at my ring finger, "Or have a boyfriend, I will just leave this gift and go back to my bar stool." His eyes were warm. They didn't have the same effect as Rhett's, but they certainly had beauty in them. At first I didn't know what to say. I wasn't a saint, but I also wasn't that type of woman. Again, however, I was so tired of being alone and he seemed like a perfect distraction. He had a warm smile and stared into my eyes rather than just at my tits as he waited. A wolf for sure though, but in his own way, a charming wolf. Yes, definitely a wolf and I was his prey. He might act like it, but deep down he was the leader of the pack. Looking at him I thought I want to be his prey. At least for tonight I do. Taking the wine, I shyly whispered, "Yes I think I would like that, for you to join me I mean," in my sweetest sexiest voice. Well the sexiest little girl voice I had. It seemed to always capture the right amount of attention.
His eyes twinkled as the words left my lips like he had just won some great prize. He scanned the room, but seemed to stay on the dance floor and it seemed like he was going to ask me to dance, but at the last minute he slid into the chair beside me, which seemed strange enough considering the fact that we had just met and the rest of the table was empty. Was it confidence or just experience that made him do it? He was so close to me that it felt like we were already lovers rather than strangers who had just met at a bar on a lonely night like this. It was a little too intimate for my liking, but I wanted to see what this night would bring. Looking into my eyes again he said, "My name is Jordan and I want to get to know you better. Maybe not all your secrets, but whatever you wish to share, I want to hear," as he slithered in so close I could feel his warm breath dancing up my neck. "Not the scary parts yet though. Maybe tomorrow or next week you can share those," as a devilish grin fill his face. It was the smell of his cologne that made my body tremble. A rugged spicy smell that lingered in the air. It reminded me of the first boy that ever kissed me or felt me up. He was a sweet freckled faced boy named Darren who tried to get my attention and court me from grade six all the way to grade twelve. Your first kiss should be sweet and unforgettable. Mine was.
I took a small sip of my wine and said, "Hi Jordan my name is Nika." I put the wine back down realizing that I was going to have to monitor just how much I drank. It only took a few glasses for me to get tipsy and in my experience tipsy always lead to trouble. I didn't exactly want to add more trouble to my life.
I don't know how long we just sat there talking, but it seemed like most of the night. Randomly my friends would pop in to check out my new friend before vanishing again back onto the dance floor. It was an amazing feeling to find someone who just listened, asked questions and cared about what I thought. He didn't rush the conversation or drink too much. We just shared a great night talking about life, love and other things. Now I almost screamed when he slid his arm around me and managed to touch my breasts. I wasn’t sure that I liked the idea or was ready for that since I might want a wild night, but I didn’t consider myself that easy. It did make my whole body tingle though. Longing for something so long and knowing that all I need to do is whisper yes I am ready and knowing it will happen was tempting. I missed that feeling of someone trying to seduce me yet not wanting me to know that they were in the midst of doing it. It was like having an itch that I could never quite reach myself no matter how hard I tried and lately I have been trying hard to scratch it. The pit of my stomach tightened and his thumb seemed to be searching for my nipple like a blind man searches for the light switch in a strange room. To my surprise he found it and it was definitely working as it began to harden. Looking into his eyes I thought he wasn’t forever, but he was for tonight. I would take tonight and start off single in the morning. I would have savage passion tonight and deal with my broken heart in the light of day. I would give myself this night to fulfill my needs and try to rebuild my heart and self-esteem in the morning.







chapter three
Rhett

It didn’t take long for me to begin to understand which consequence I was going to face. The burning stopped and numbness started to take effect, then the panic started to set in. There was this sudden realization that I was definitely going to die. It wasn’t your usual numbness at all, but something so much more terrifying. My chest felt hollow and heavy at the same time. It reminded me of the time the football team had locked me in my locker. To this day, I hate football and football players.  My body just fit into it so at first I didn’t care and even tried to laugh it off, but after an hour of standing inside that upright metal coffin, my legs started to cramp, but I had no way to stretch them. After that everything got worse. The panic set in and from there it was just a nightmare. It felt like it was closing in on me. Getting smaller and smaller until I couldn’t move. I was screaming and trying to pound on the walls trying to break free, but I was just too weak. Back then I was always just another skinny kid that was always too weak to defend myself. The janitor finally found me later that evening. If it weren’t for the fact that I pissed myself and it dripped out onto the floor, I probably would have been stuck in that locker all night. Of course this wasn’t the same. Even now through my blurry dull eyes, I could see the small pools of blood growing bigger and bigger. Not to mention the smell. I had always heard that blood smelt salty, but up until now I had never believed it.  
I could feel my life draining through those wide long slits I knifed into my arms. I don’t know why, but I expected my life to run before my eyes. Maybe not the whole thing since I lived it and it bored the hell out of me, as well as there seemed to be more dips then high spots, but maybe there should be at least the highlight reels. Those childhood firsts that most people forget, as they grow older because living their adult life gets in the way. I didn’t have a whole lot of happy moments to replace those childhood firsts. There was nothing running through my mind now though. Nothing from my life. The only thing that even lingered in my mind was Nika and I still hadn’t decided if she was the highlight or the breaking point of my life. To my surprise it wasn’t the fear of losing her that haunted me. She was already lost to me and in ten minutes or so I would be dead anyway. No, it was the idea that she was going to pay the consequences for my actions that truly haunted me. I had this image of her bent over bare assed while another man pounded his machinery into the woman who was meant to be my wife. I had always known that I would never understand her fully, but that fact I was sure of. She needed a man who would make her feel owned and controlled yet that would never truly do it. That was probably the only true value I brought to her life. I loved her. The idea that hell wasn’t actually all fire and brimstone hadn’t crossed my mind until now. What if hell is witnessing another man playing with the children you dreamed of, making love to the woman who was supposed to be your wife and living the life you planned for and dreamed of? The idea of it was so much worse than fire and brimstone.
Waiting to die is a lot like watching paint dry only with a more dramatic ending. Well for most people. I didn’t really expect that there would be many tears shed over my passing. I couldn’t exactly say that I was unlovable only that there were very few moments in my life anymore that I could remember feeling truly loved in. The most ironic thing about me was that on the day I was born the doctor smacked my ass and told my mother with my eyes that I was going to be a real heart breaker. Was that quack ever wrong. My heart’s the one that was always broken not the other way around. Well that was my version of the story at least. 
The flame inside me was seconds away from being completely distinguished when the buzzing of the little lamp in the corner caught my attention. Groggy eyed I tried to focus on the lamp, but in the state of confusion that I was in it was an impossible task. I felt cold and my skin was turning blue. The cold was different though. It was like playing outside as a kid. One minute you were sliding on the ice and the next thing you know you can barely move. That feeling I knew quite well as a child. Too poor to buy real winter boots, my parents bought me rubber boots off the clearance rack. I understood the feeling of freezing and your skin turning blue quite well. The buzzing was getting louder, but no matter how hard I tried I could not focus on the source of it. Such a trivial thing to waste the last minutes of my existence on. That damn buzzing wouldn’t go away though. 
I must have started fading in and out of consciousness because I could have sworn Nika was calling my name. It was that sexy baby like voice she used every time she made a mistake, but couldn’t bring herself to admit it. The voice always made my heart melt no matter how pissed off I might be and there were so many times when I was ready to throw in the towel, but that voice stopped me. No matter what happened that voice always brought me back to her. I was surprised that in the midst of the haze, her eyes still shined inside my mind. It was the same image that always came to mind when I thought of her. Those eyes that seemed to sparkle and glow as they looked straight into your soul. She was upset about something I had done. I had done so many things to upset her, but this day was different. I don’t remember what I did only her reaction. She looked at me and she growled, “I am so mad at you that if you were here I would slap you.” I didn’t say anything as I was consumed by shame. “Tell me you love me because I am losing hope,” she asked. After I told her I loved her she whispered, “I need time to think, but I still love you.” There were a lot of days like that except that last time. She just said, “I need time to think,” but there was no I love you at the end. 
I was beginning to doze as a rough woofing sound struck the room. It sounded loud enough that I expected the room to shake, but I couldn’t be bothered to look up and even if wanted to, I didn’t have the strength to. I gambled on a long shot and lost everything. Even through the haze I knew that I was fading fast and the only thing I would leave behind or be remembered for was a second rate novel inspired by a first rate woman who would never know exactly how much she truly meant to me and a fear stricken voice mail that she might not ever listen to. I could feel heat gently touching my face. It wasn’t like the scorching flame you get when you sit beside a fire, but that constant warming heat that you feel when you sit too close to a heater. It was refreshing considering how cold I felt. My hands were tingling. It wasn’t until my feet felt like they were burning that I finally forced my eyes open. As the fear exploded inside me, I could sense that my heart was forcing what little life I had left out of those gashes in my wrists. The circle I had drawn in the living room floor was burning. I couldn’t actually decide if I should be this terrified or not about it, but I was scared. I watched the blue flames dancing along the edges of the circle waiting for something to happen, but it never did. I tried to review the steps in my mind. They weren’t exactly blue prints to build a rocket so I am not sure I could have screwed them up. I must have though because something wasn’t quite right. Maybe it was the book or maybe it was me. I wasn’t quite sure I would ever know exactly what went wrong, only that something went south when it should have gone north. 
A low grinding noise followed as the neon blue flames began to grow. It might have been a figment of my imagination I am not sure, but behind the roaring flames, I knew something was happening. I couldn’t quite figure out what it was, but it turned into a scraping noise followed by a high-pitched pop as the floor rumbled beneath me. I was still dazed so even the smallest amount of concentration was a battle that I knew I was losing. The faint odor of rotten eggs filled my senses, it wasn’t actually an attack by any means, since growing up in farm country, I had my fair of incidents with rotten eggs and none of them were good I can guarantee you. It made me wonder if this was the part of my life that flashed before my eyes? Was my highlight reel truly just an accident that revolved around Karl Henderson’s farm which was basically working in the hot sun followed by a couple of cold beers before heading home too crash because of exhaustion? Was this the best that my life had to offer?
I waited for smoke or smoke kind of fog to roll up in the air from the center of the blue flames, but nothing like that happened. The flames sank and at first, I thought that I saw something climbing out of the middle of it. A dark menacing looking creature with claw like hands and glowing red eyes. I forced my eyes to blink trying to push the glassy watery feeling from them. If such a creature existed, I can’t say for sure, only that for a second I was certain that something smiled at me with fangs that were obviously designed to kill, but then it vanished. 
Click. Click. That was the sound that seemed out of place right now. Click. Click. There it was again. I wanted to move my head to find out where the sound was coming from and what exactly it was, but I just didn’t have the strength anymore. I was forced to try and scan the room with just eyes. It always sounded so easy until I was forced to try it. I was leaning against the couch surrounded by a pool of drying blood trying to place the sound. It was so familiar yet so distant, normally it would have driven me mad, but he was too involved in solving the riddle. Again I heard the repeated clicking noises getting slightly louder. It reminded me of one of those westerns where you hear the spurs on their boots a long time before you see the sheriff. Finally, the clicking stopped. I was so weak that I couldn’t look up even though I was desperately trying to. Through the glaze all I could see was a pair of black boots with some kind of blood stained wire wrapped around the edges.










chapter four
The Collector

The earth shook above me as he called to me. I could feel this one was different then all those who tried to summon me before him. I already had his twin in the grasp of my hand, but this half was different, I just couldn’t see exactly how. Most think that when they draw the circle and spill blood they summon me like a master summons a servant. The circle doesn't compel me, it invites me and I choose to come if there is something I want available to trade. Most that do this want trivial things that carry no meaning to me, but this one was different. He didn't spill another's blood, unlike so many before him who take the blood of the innocent and call it a sacrifice. No, he chose a noble route, that is if you can call suicide noble. In this case, it was, he chose to risk sacrificing himself rather than hurt another in an effort to see if I would respond. His heart smelt of loss and heart break which in itself isn't that special or strange, many come in desperation. However, this was the first time in all creation that I knew the value of a soul and what made it unique. I just didn't understand how he had slipped beyond my vision for so long. He'd crossed my path many times, but something had hidden him from me. That's what made me answer his call and now that I truly see him for the first time, I must own his soul.
Slowly I climbed the stairway that joined my underworld to the land of the living. I never enjoyed the journey, just the challenge that it leads to. Most only see heaven and hell like white or black, but they miss the shades the grey. That’s how the soul works. You wash it like laundry. Add a little soap and you wash away the stains or stomp it in the dirt and it never comes clean again. That’s what I do. For those unique individuals whose soul has value I stomp out all the goodness until it’s beyond cleaning.
I saw him fading away as I was lifted through the flames. He had an aura about him unlike any I had ever seen. Some might call it an unseen goodness of human nature, but I call it a challenge. To legally claim that which is not mine to own is always a challenge, but especially when they radiate goodness and self sacrifice.
I ran my claw like finger nails together forcing a loud clicking sound to echo around the room. Most look up and that’s when the fear kicks in. There wasn’t any fear left in him. How strange.I wanted to smile thinking of this as a victory, but the victory wasn’t mine yet. The battle for this soul was just starting, but not yet won. Like all the great wars, and I had seen all of them, victory isn’t won in one wide stroke. No victory is measured in inches and blood. I started examining the creature dying before me. First the aged face that appeared quite handsome despite the wrinkles and splashes of grey in his thinning beard. I would examine every piece of the prize like he was a race horse before I made him an offer. Everybody called upon me thinking that they knew exactly what they wanted, but they rarely did. It was in my best interest to give them what they truly wanted and not just bargain for what they might want. I didn’t have a name, but if Idid have one they would call me“The soul Collector”. That’s my business and business is really good. So many foolish people would trade their most valuable possession for a piece of something else. That’s what made me so successful.
I sat down on the couch beside the dead Rhett and just watched him. This wasn’t your usually trade. No this was something new and unique even for me and I was the original. I was the first too see the power in a soul. The first to make a deal and the first to claim one. I am the true Soul Collector. Never had such a trade been demanded and never had such a trade been offered. I tapped the top of Rhett’s head with my black claw like finger nails letting it all sift through my mind. It didn’t really matter how long I spent pondering it all since he was already almost stone cold dead. No, a few minutes longer wouldn’t change a damn thing in the life of Rhett Masterson. Still drumming the top of his head I had to carefully consider all the angles. I had to determine a fair price and the true value of his soul. 
Foolish human. He wanted to sell his soul for a future that was already his. He threw away such a precious gift in the hopes of obtaining what he already owned or at least what he could earn if he just had the courage. Yes, this was not your normal deal. I have seen kings and popes made because of the value of their mortal soul. There had always been those who traded it all to be loved by a woman, but this was just slightly more complicated. Smiling, I pondered my next move carefully.The greater the challenge the greater I valued the prize. I held my little glass vile in my hand. It had a soft rosy glow to it and sparkles when I shake it. Flashes of energy trapped under glass. That’s all the soul is. Endless energy more powerful than the sun with an endless life all its own. The mortal being made immortal by his soul.
I touched his neck and waited for a pulse. Slowly I massaged it like a skilled doctor bringing life back into the lifeless. It wouldn’t take that long for the ripple of life to reappear and then the haggling would start. I loved to haggle and I think this one was going to be stubborn, I would still make the deal, it just might cost me more. I truly wanted him to haggle. To demand more than he deserves and more than I want to give so I can talk him down. The mere idea of it excites me. Few things in life excite me anymore. This was the bargain of a lifetime if I did it right. If I could manage to twist life’s possibilities the right way. The life inside him started to slowly return bit by bit. I was delighted as his chest slowly began to rise and fall as his lungs sucked in the air like a milkshake through a straw. Running my wide paw like hands along his shoulders brought the color of his skin start to radiate with life once more. I would go through himpiece by piece restoring the gift that he had foolishly thrown away. Normally I didn’t pity the living. Those born of this world who were blessed with unlimited possibilities yet seemed prone destroy rather than love like they were designed to do. It’s what made me take great pleasure from this job. The challenge of it all. Today was even more special though. It wasn’t just any deal, but the deal of a lifetime and I have been walking the earth for many lifetimes.
His body started to tremble as the muscles started quivering like snakes twisting their way under his flesh. A high pitched whistling sound erupted from his body as air was being forced into his lungs. The look in his eyes told me that he was beginning to feel the burning inside his chest. It started off mildly uncomfortable, but then the pain started to grow stronger and stronger until it was unbearable. Beads of sweat started running down his face, but he wasn’t quite sure what exactly was happening. He tried to open his eyes, but didn’t have the strength. The only thing he knew for sure was that he could feel short shallow breaths making his lungs pop like the last balloon being filled at a party. This was the effect of pushing a soul back into a lifeless body. 
I waited until the pain was finally fading away until it was just a slight throbbing that sizzled though his body. Not exactly comfortable, but far from being intolerable. “You summoned me,” I hissed from behind him. He listened as the image of a horned horror came to mind. Every little boy sees too many mid evil paintings of those creatures banished to hell not to have that image in his mind. Of course he had summoned me. He traded his life to get me here, but he was too terrified to look into my eyes. Too terrified to admit that his souls value was worth less than a woman’s love. That one lifetime filled with love was more important to him that the eternal damnation that would follow. Well in theory at least, but nobody ever thinks of the eternal part. 
In a frog like tone he croaked, “Yes I want to make a deal.” 
I laughed, “Everybody wants to make a deal until it’s time to pay the bill. What do you think the value is for a tarnished soul?” A giggle slipped out, “what do you suppose your soul is worth? Popes, kings and even tyrants like Hitler have traded their souls for power and Angels wept at the destruction that left in their path.” 
There was this eerie silence that followed as he slowly turned to face me. To face his new master. His heart quivered as he came face to face with me. The fear inside him expected to face a monster and I wasn’t anything like he expected. Not flames or horns, but even still, I scared him. My pale skin hangs loose over my frame and long stringy pitch black hair that fell loosely to the side. He was too trapped on the outside image to realize that the truest darkness is inside me, it always was.
His throat started to tighten as he tried to push the words out. “I didn’t summon you for power or fame. I summoned you for something much more valuable.”
I slammed my cane down onto the floor sending vibrations all across the floor. It was more for a dramatic affect than anything else, but it always works. “Power and fame can make you immortal. Long after the roman empire had dwindled to dust the world still remembers Gaius Julius Caesar Octavianus’s name. A thousand years from now it will still remember his name. Even now the world remembers and fears the name Hitler.” Opening my hands, “Those who deal with me live on forever. Even those who want to go unnoticed. Their name will live on long after they are gone. Jordan the butcher wanted to be irresistible to women and I gave him that gift and so much more. He has a talent now.”
 He was repulsed by the look of me, but he defiantly stared into my eyes. “Jordan can see their most carnal desires. Those little unfed sexual desires waiting to be fulfilled, then he makes them want it.” The thought of it always amused me. The little added extras that he gave them. “No not want it, but thirsty for it like a dying man needs water. Seventy woman and we are still counting. Soon my butcher will fall then he will be remembered. He seduced them then sliced away until their life was stolen.” His courage started to fade as he realized he was gambling with a true predator and just like Vegas, the house always won. I am the truest predator because they always call me when it’s too late to run.
Forcing the words out he whimpered, “I don’t want power or fame, just love.” He didn’t even believe the words that were escaping his lips and I didn’t believe it either. He blurted out, “I want the love of one woman.”
Slamming my cane down I laughed. “Power buys love.” He cowered away like a frightened pup. Raising an eye brow, I added, “I can give you what your heart truly desires.” Waving my hands wide in the air to accent the value, I said, “Not just love, but I can immortalize your name for all time. Your name will last until the end of time. Children will strive to be like you and women will throw themselves at you. One, two, three at a time. You can literally live every man’s dream.” 
He whispered “That’s not my dream. I just want to be loved. To leave a legacy of happiness after I am gone.” 
“Foolish mortal. You didn’t need to summon me to leave that kind of legacy. You called me because you want it to be remembered. All men want to be remembered. Let me show you how to become immortalized like all my children. Let me show you all the possibilities.”
chapter five
Nika

Jordan seemed pleasant enough and was very well spoken. He had this way of choosing just the right words at just the right time, it was as if he could read my mind. When I needed to feel beautiful he found a way of accenting something that I thought was average and making it sound extraordinary. When the thought of Rhett crossed my mind, he made me laugh until I started to forget. Of course the fact he insisted on buying me drink after drink wasn’t impressing me. I sipped on them, but slowly not wanting to forget myself. I was a capable woman who depended on no one. I earned my own money, paid my own rent and didn’t want to depend on any man. The only thing that I wanted today was a few more shots and a man to make me scream tonight. Of course there were many men to choose from. That was the advantage of being a woman. If you went to bed alone it was because you chose to do it and not because you had to. Well in my case at least.
Damn that Rhett. I should be thinking of kisses with wild carefree sex followed by the walk of shame home in the morning, but instead, even with Jordan’s flirts, I am still thinking of that damn voice message he sent. Damn him to hell. I have given him so many chances and yet all I ever got back for my love and devotion was a string of disappointments. A long run of broken promises and tears until my heart felt numb. A woman needs more then romantic words. I need to be touched, held and taken by the man I love. I want to give myself to one man who would love me forever, but my shining prince always seemed to come riding an ass and wearing tarnished rusty armor. I am tired of waiting for a prince who would never come. I am tired of being in love with the idea of love when love isn’t enough to complete me.
My whole body shook as Jordan’s hand made its way along my leg. His fingers slowly and gently ran towards my skirt. Delicately he let his fingers drop to the inside and I knew exactly where this was leading. I had chosen the wrong night not to wear panties. The worst night ever. If I slapped his hands away I might lose the opportunity, yet if I don’t, he will see me as an easy prize. I might want a carefree night of sexual adventure, but I don’t want to just give it away. I still want a little bit of courting and seduction. Stupid little girl, I thought. Part of me still wanted to scream stop, but another part of me just wanted to be touched. That lonely piece of me that needs to be touched. The little naughty part that craves it. It was the part of me that begged to feel a man’s touch just for a little while, even if there wasn’t any love attached. Jordan leaned closer and whispered, “I want to be your master tonight.” Running his fingers along my leg he slipped them under my skirt. “Let me plant the image in your mind. Let me help you see me as your master.”
As those words touched my ears and his breath climbed along my neck it was like he was pushing images into my mind. It was like my wildest fantasies were climbing to the surface. In my head I saw that I was bent over, bound hand and foot, completely vulnerable and helpless just like I had imagined countless times. In this vision I couldn’t see him, but I could hear him breathing heavily from behind me which made it all that more exciting. Jordan snarled, “I want to make you scream my little slut. I want to hear you moan and scream like a whore. You will never forget me my little bitch.” The way he was talking down to me was absolutely exciting. I could feel the leather of his belt scraping the skin on my neck as he wrapped it around then heard a buzzing sound as he yanked back forcefully tightening it. I was struggling to breath as it tightened around my throat. In my dreams there was always a safe word for protection, but the danger of it made my heart pound and my skin tingle. This was the most exciting day of my life and oh how I wanted more. He was violating me and I was screaming with a mixture of pain and desire. I was consumed by excitement as the image of hours of pain and pleasure mixing together until my darkest desires came to life. The image of pleasure and pain would make me forget about Rhett and my broken heart. A different type of pain would replace the pain that consumed me.
The fantasy passed and I was back in reality. “I want to own you tonight,” he whispered as his hand made its way along what would have been my panty line. He was very skilled at it, making it seem as though we were just talking at the table and no one around us could see what was happening underneath. “I can quench that thirst that been building inside you.”
Common sense told me to push him away. To run home to my little apartment like I had always done, but I couldn’t. As he touched the skin, my legs tingled and slowly my desire for him became out of control. Maybe he slipped something into my drink, but the desire was too strong to push it away. Until this very second I couldn’t imagine wanting to be taken forcefully by any man name Jordan. Not really, since Jordan always seemed like a weak spirited man’s name, but now that was all I could think of. Not just being taken and used by him, but pleasing his every desire. Being exactly what he called me to be. His own personal whore. I would let him use me in any way he wanted until he had no more use for me. Then I would go back to my lonesome life. I would go home and forget about love and all its disappointments.
With that fantasy still in my mind I said, “Yes, let’s get out of here.” I couldn’t believe what I was saying, but those words were flowing out of my lips like poetry. “Yes master, let’s get out of here.”
Smiling Jordan whispered, “You are a good little whore aren’t you? Wearing no panties.”
Blushing because nobody was really supposed to know that, I whispered back, “Yes master. I want to be your good little whore.”
Laughing Jordan started pinching me in delicate places, “Do you like the pain my little whore?”
To be honest I loved it. The pain made my body tremble and a little moan escaped my lips. “Yes master I love whatever you want to do to me. Am I good little whore?”
Squeezing so hard, tears were filled my eyes, “Time will tell little whore. Let’s get you home and see if my little whore likes the pain her master wants to deliver.”
I followed him like a pet. Fear was growing inside the pit of my stomach and despite wanting to just run away to the safety of home, I was powerless to do so. Jordan’s hand was firmly planted on my ass like I belonged to him. The scariest part was that I couldn’t explain why, but I was beginning to think he did. He couldn’t own my heart and soul like Rhett did, but he certainly was taking my body and I felt powerless to say anything other than ‘Yes’, even if that little voice in my head screamed no.












chapter SIX
Rhett

I found myself standing on a beach with the sunshine touching my skin and the warm breeze floating through my hair. It smelled just like I had always thought it would. I knew this sunset like the it was the back of my hand. It was identical to the picture that hung above my desk back home. It wasn't any place exotic like Mexico or Australia. No my tastes were usually a lot simpler than that. I loved the pinkish purple shades that always seemed to be in every picture of the Santa Monica Pier in Los Angeles. I just stood there watching the majestic shades and hues that filled the sky. Yes, to me this very place was paradise. I was more or less a small town boy so I had never been to an ocean or a big lake for that matter, but the smell was just like I imagined it be. I tilted my head back and just let the ocean air fill my lungs. Some might say hidden within this amazing view was pollution and other contaminates just waiting to kill you, but at this point and time it felt like the cleanest place on earth. my own paradise.
Aloud voice from behind me bellowed, "Do you remember her?"
I looked towards the edge of the dock. A thin woman dressed in a bikini was standing there with her arms open holding some kind of silk shawl. It slapped and roared like a flag being beaten as the wind slipped past it. Even from this distance I couldn't help, but notice her figure was an absolutely perfect hour glass with curves in all the right places. Her hips were slowly swaying from side to side reminding me of a pendulum. I was lost in her rhythm for some time before the loud squawking of seagulls gliding through the air caught my attention. I looked up to find them soaring high above me searching for left overs to devour. I was trying to decide if I knew her, so my words sounded empty as I muttered, "No I don't think that I have ever met her." I truly had no idea who this Barbie type woman was as I saw her standing half naked and truly doubted that I could have ever forgotten a foxy creature like that. I might not be as young as I used to be, but I was sure that I might forget my own name before forgetting a figure like that.
"Oh yes you have met before. It was at your aunt's house when you were fifteen." He started tapping his nails together with a sly grin on his face. "You know a new town where nobody knew the real you. Nobody had ever seen the chunky little boy they called trailer rat." Raising an eye brow, he added, "It was trailer rat right? Yes, that's what they called you. Another word for white trailer trash."
I remembered that time well. How could I forget it? I went from being a nobody who couldn't afford to buy jeans without tears in the ass to being that cool stranger. There's power in being in the cool stranger role. It was that summer that I learned the power in my evil eye. Just a look could do more damage than any punch I could throw. I was lost in thought trying to think of that dumb bastard's name who cemented my reputation that year. I was flipping through the stash of names from my life like it was a rolodex. I could remember his face. It was a clear picture in my mind. He had a wide Neanderthal like face and think curly hair. Total cave man with the giant biceps to match. What was his name? They called him Little Jesus which was kind of ironic since the other guy he hung out with was named Jesus and he was a munchkin sized little rocker wannabe.
"Yes I think it's coming back to you. You were her hero, but never quite had the courage to claim your reward." Laughing he added, "You won the race yet never stayed long enough to collect your trophy." He was almost hissing as he added, "Couldn't quite perform under the pressure if you know what I mean." I was still fixated on that past event to recognize the insult and even if I did, I was too distracted by that one single event. It was my moment. That one moment when you make that single move which can lead to any number of possible outcomes. It was the summer that allowed me to reinvent myself or at least start me on my path to glory. I was just walking in the mall trying not to show my shock and amazement. Trying not to look so small town, but this was the biggest mall that I had ever seen. No longer was I in that small little one horse town I grew up in with a small general store that also served as the towns post office and only gas station. I had never been more than fifty miles away from home before this. It was like stepping out into a brand new world.
I couldn't believe my eyes at first. This short little pudgy thing with blonde hair had kneed this giant right in the balls. Not just kneed, but a kick boxing type strike that made my stomach quiver and I didn't even know either of them. This sickening sensation of the pain filled my mind though. The guy's eyes teared up and he looked like he was about to puke, but he didn't drop. Wide eyed he just grunted and bent over trying to catch his breath. It was the toughest thing that I had ever seen. Well tougher then I had ever been. Tap me in the balls and I will be rolling on the floor crying like a baby holding my family jewels. This giant bastard didn’t even fall, he just weathered the pain like he was accustomed to being in agony. After a minute of grunting through the pain, he chased after her screaming like he was on the war path.
He was storming after her and despite her best efforts to escape him. His size and fury were just too much for her short legs to carry her beyond his reach. It was like David deciding half way through the battle that throwing stones at Goliath just wasn't quite enough so he ran away. Of course in this case David was a blonde with long hair who hadn't quite found her curves yet. I saw fear in her eyes as she raced towards me. I hadn't seen fear in a woman's eyes before. I knew that I had lived a sheltered life. It was probably the only benefit to growing up in a town that was so small that it didn't even make it onto a map. All the horrors of the world were only images on TV and they never really touched my life.         She was almost upon me and looked at me with eyes that begged me to save her like I was a hero and not just another weak hillbilly. Pretty green eyes that even decades later, still stay with me. Sometimes it's the little things that capture your attention and you can never forget it. Wearing a greenish blue sweater that seemed out of place for August in southern Ontario and the longest hair that I had ever seen. Short on the top and sides, but so long at the back, it reminded me of some kind of weird city fairy-tale princess. Of course I hadn't imagined the black knight would be wearing a sleeveless jean jacket and look like he was about to choke the hell out of her and me too if I tried to save her. As his paw like hands clamped onto her hair I was certain he was about to do it. Her feet shot forward and her head snapped back sending her sliding into the shiny waxed floor and I was stunned. I'd never seen a girl treated like this before. No, despite being raised trailer trash, I'd never actually seen any man hurt a girl. One thing about my kind of trailer trash was I didn't stand by and watch men abuse women. It was the echo of her weeping from the pain that got to me. Her red eyes pleaded to be saved and a stream of tears ran down her cheeks just like those TV shows I would watch with my father and that always made dad scream, "A real man doesn't hit a woman." With my father's raving in my mind and the little girls crying in my ears I looked around realizing that this little girl was alone. I stepped forward, "I think you might want to mellow out because you are seconds away from being dropped." I just stared down this poor excuse for a man, challenging him to continue his assault on her.
Shock filled him as I stepped closer. I don't think it was any kind of fear because I truly wasn't that intimidating. I was tall and lanky; but a strong wind could have knocked me over. It looked like nobody had ever stood up to him before. You know big fish in a small sea kind of thing. My stomach was in knots as he glared at me, "Hey dude mind your own business. This little bitch kneed me in the balls."
The mouse like princess whined, "He grabbed my tit." Her whole body trembled as she looked up at him with those pleading eyes that screamed save me.
I wasn't the tough guy, even though I always thought I looked the part. No I wasn't really the tough type at all. I was blessed with cold eyes, but the last time I had been in an all-out fist fight I was ten and that didn't count because I was fighting my cousins. Internal family feuds weren't like real fights because they only ever lasted a few seconds and nobody ever wanted to cause any true damage. We shared blood ties after all. This was different though and I just acted without thinking. Now I was thinking of the consequences of my actions and it was all I could do to contain my fear. This guy was massive and looked like he just stepped out of an action movie. Trying to push the fear from my mind, which wasn't exactly easy, I snarled, "Doesn't matter what she did, real men don't hit women. You look like a man, but now that I see you in this light, I can see you aren't nothing, but a bitch." It wasn't until those words left my lips that he realized I believed them and I saw my mistake. A crowd had formed and this punk knew them all. His pride wouldn't let him back down and I couldn't abandon this princess. Her terrified eyes would haunt me endlessly if he did. It was also another one of my many shortcomings, a never ending guilt complex.
Stepping forward his body shook with fury as he confronted me. My stomach kept twisting and turning so much that I was certain it was churning butter inside it. I felt a slight sting as a finger dug into his flesh, but I refused to acknowledge it. "She hit me in the balls and now she pays the price." My mind was leaping from thought to thought trying to find an escape route that would allow me to save face. After all I was here to invent myself.  Literally and figuratively. Poking him back as hard as I could, trying to make him have second thoughts about what we were about to do, I snapped, "If you don't back off your balls will be dangling off your chin little man." I was kicking my own ass thinking about that comeback. It sounded so much cooler in my head. So much more manly, but as the words left my lips it reminded him of something the side kick might say in one of those corny 80s teen movies.
I heard his knuckles crack as his fists clenched shut. This wasn't going to be the highlight of my summer. I came here thinking that I would meet one of those little sexy cheerleader types and make sex filled memories. The only thing I had so far was endless trips to the fridge to fetch my uncle Harold another beer, day old pizza and soon enough a black eye with complementary tooth extraction. No my summer wasn't going anything like I planned at all.
"What kind of fagot are you? Running in to save this little bitch. She isn't even 4 on the hot scale. She reminds me of a little fat poodle that nobody cares about."
It was the look of shame that filled her eyes that made me forget about my troubles. I wasn't a hero and my life sucked, but that look in her eyes not only shamed her, but me as well. "Don't be looking at me with love in your eyes and think that calling me home can convert me to the dark side." I had nothing against gay people. As dad used to say, people are people and as long as you aren't hurting anybody, who cares? Of course, I had to force a comeback. The crowd that had formed around me was laughing at the thug's embarrassment. If I was going to get my ass kicked at least it was going to be in style. Well if getting pounded publicly can be considered stylish.
We both just stood there staring at each other like modern day gun slingers ready for a showdown. Of course neither of us moved, it was a stalemate. Neither of us wanted to back down, but neither of us really wanted to chance getting our ass kicked. I realized this was just two wannabe tough guys who had stepped into the stupidest display ever. In too deep to walk away, but too spineless to fight it out.
"You two get out of the shopping center now," this giant rent a cop screamed as he stepped between us waving a flashlight in the air like it was some kind of dangerous blade. He was an elderly man with age spots scattered all over his face and thinning hair. Of course he wasn't exactly a threatening creature, but he was an authority figure. Just enough of an authority figure to allow us both to fade away without losing face. As we left the mall the oversized animal screamed that he'd kick my ass if he ever saw me again, but that never happened. The rest of the summer we seemed to be able to successfully avoid each other. Both saving face and I became a hero. One that a small chunky blonde couldn't seem to get enough of.
Back to the present, the creature placed his hand on my shoulder. It was giant sized and I am certain that with those long fingers, he could wrap them around my neck one handed and just choke the life out of me.  "Do you remember her now?" Pointing towards this elegant creature standing before us adding, "Right there is one of life's great possibilities. The one that got away so to speak." I started to feel trapped realizing just how small I felt next to this creature. The creature pushed me along like a puppet. "You were her hero. You were the one man that she wanted to give herself to. Not just her body, but her heart and soul."
I was pushed forward staring at this woman with a goddess like body and despite trying I still couldn't place her. The closer I got to her the less familiar this stranger appeared. The creature snarled, "I should actually thank you. You and others like you are the reason women like Shelly call to me." Laughing heartily, he added, "She needed to feel beautiful and well since the men she met failed her she called to me to give her what her heart desired. Not exactly what her heart desired, but what she thought it desired."
Hearing that name shamed me. It was like being kicked in the balls with my own shoe. Even decades later I still kept a little piece of Shelly in my heart. Of course that also brought back all those fifteen-year-old confusing emotions. Shelly kept staring at me with admiration in her eyes. Why wouldn't she? After all I saved her and had become her hero.
Shelly was the first girl to throw herself at me. Not in a whorish way, but in that love sick puppy childish first love way. Unlike those that came later, all she wanted was to be loved and desired by me. I wanted her, that was no secret. She wasn't a model and her hour glass figure wasn't perfect, but a little time with her made her attractive to me. It was the first time I ever saw something deeper than looks as beautiful. That was when the problem started. She became real to me then and I realized that it wouldn't last. That's when the fear of losing something I had never had forced me to run away. To save my heart. After a few weeks of undressing her with my eyes, I desired her. To touch her, kiss her and God only knows so much more.
"Oh so now you remember her," the creature beamed with pride. "You lead her straight to me. You were the one that broke her heart and sent her begging to be beautiful. No price was too high for beauty."
We were just about upon her when I asked, "So she found her happy ever after?"
Shaking his head, the creature added, "No she didn't ask for happiness she just wanted to be beautiful." He was smiling a cat like grin as he added, "She should have asked to meet a man that made her feel the way you saw her, but she didn't. She thought you left because she wasn't beautiful enough for you. That she wasn't even hot enough for you to cop a feel or steal a kiss."
I screamed in frustration, "It was never that she wasn't beautiful enough. It was a confused fifteen-year-old boy trying to play adult games and he was scared. It's not my fault that she sold her soul for beauty. "Of course no matter how I said it or how sincere I was, if she never knew it, what did it matter?
We were standing right behind her and I was tempted to just wrap my arms around her like I wanted to back then. To just take a deep breath and taste her as if she were a candy I couldn’t get enough of. Even now my skin tingled just thinking about it. There was always something erotic in the way she smelled. Staring at her I noticed something written across her knuckles. It took a minute for me to read it, but it said "BEAUTY".
The creature laughed, "Yes that's my mark. It's my little symbol of damnation. It's the value of her soul. I am sure if she had a fortune to spend on plastic surgery, I could never have bought it so cheaply, but she isn't rich and beauty means more today than eternal paradise." I don't know why the idea of a mark like that branded on her hand seemed strange to me. I guess I assumed that the brand was always on the soul hidden from the world.
The idea of Shelly selling her soul for a nice ass surprised me. Seeing it up close I had to admit that it was a magnificent ass, but for the life in me I couldn't understand why it was worth eternal damnation Wasn't I bargaining my soul for beauty too though. Only the beauty I wanted was named Nika. She was like all my dreams and fantasies come true. He seemed troubled by something. I can only assume that whatever spell Shelly was supposed to cast over me failed to live up to his expectation. Shelly turned to display a big belly. It took me a few minutes for it to sink in. Yes, Shelly was about eight months along I thought. "Is she married?" I can't explain why, but it surprised me.
It was a well thought out answer that left the soul collector's lips. He hissed, "No. Love and marriage weren't in her deal. Just beauty. To be wanted and desired by every man that meets her."
I was still confused as to why he was showing me a woman I used to want rather than asking me about the one I truly wanted. "But she is pregnant?"
"Oh you truly are a hopeless romantic. Love and sex aren't the same thing even if your warped vision of it says they must be connected." Tapping his finger on the railing he added, "Besides that child will never be born."
"What do you mean." I saw the young woman from my youth again. The terrified girl holding her breast with those pleading eyes begging me to save her.
Still tapping the railing, the collector snarled, "Her times up. It's nothing personal it's just business. Her contract is due." Smiling he added, "And I don't give extensions." It was the amused look on his face that disgusted me the most. He was like a kid with a magnifying glass torturing the ants as they passed by. Of course in a lot of ways humanity was just like a collection of ants compared to the creature standing in front of me.
"How much longer does she have?" I asked not really sure I should or wanted to know the answer. Sometimes not knowing was better than knowing. Looking into the air, then swirling his finger like he was doing some kind of complicated calculation, he snarled, "Six hours, fourteen minutes and thirty-three seconds until she dies." I was still trying to get my mind around just how quickly the end was and how it concerned me when I heard it. "Unless you decide to be her hero again."
I didn't like the way he said, "Be her hero again." It reminded me of the way that those door to door vacuum cleaner sales men used to promise their model had so much strength that it could pick up a bowling ball, but not one ever brought a damn bowling ball. I just waited for the catch because there was always a catch. You know some fine print that ended up kicking you in the balls while biting you in the ass. It was the way that Shelly stared at me that made my spine shiver. That sad ‘I love you please save me’ look that would shatter any man's heart. To my surprise she rubbed her round belly and whispered, "Save my baby Rhett. Save us and we will love you forever." My heart was breaking as Shelly wrapped her arms around me and begged, "Please don't let him kill my baby or even worse drag my baby to hell too. Please be my hero again."
Before I could even say a simple yes or no. Shelly faded away like a mist being smothered by a fresh new day. I screamed uncontrollably, "No," but it was too late. Shelly was beyond my reach. "You have the power to save her. To save them both actually." He was circling me like a vulture. "In your hands you have the power to give Shelly ten years of love and happiness. That love she has longed for. The love that a young fifteen-year-old boy wanted to give her."  Squeezing his fists in the air he added, "You can give her unborn baby a life. A chance to exist. You can be the loving father to this child that you always wanted to be."
Standing upright he was a menacing figure. I stared up at him waiting for the offer to be made. Of course I already started to build a vision of the possibilities that this future would bring. The images of a happy life filled with all those dreams that the young teenagers had shared together so long ago. It was like a second chance at family. A second chance to make a fairy-tale come true, but my fairytale was built around Nika. The Soul Collector couldn’t entice me with an alternative future, for whatever reason led him to try.


Chapter seven
The Collector

I watched him in silence. Usually I was immune to human emotions. I never truly get involved in the events that bring them to me or the events that happened after. Nope, all I care about is making the deal and collecting my prize after their time elapsed. Of course I have my favorites. Those deals that seemed impossible or those that leave historical devastation behind them. Rhett was different though. I couldn't put my finger on it, but it was there right under the surface. There was something different about him and I needed to make the deal to find out what it was. "So no deal?" I asked the question, but didn't need to hear the answer. Rhett was still stuck on the fairy-tale of Nika to see that Shelly would love him with everything in her. Shelley was perfect for him, she was so beautiful and elegant, plus she would be eternally grateful. Why wouldn't she? Her time was up and Rhett had the power to save her. As the saying goes; the pen is mightier than the sword. Yes, if I could just show him that life with Nika wasn't a true fairy-tale, he would have made the deal of a life time. Of course there was things I couldn’t tell him, stuff that I knew from a previous deal made. 
Another one of my children had her in his sights right now. One of my champions had been watching and saving her since she was fourteen. She was like the Mona Lisa of his collection and I didn't want to ruin his big finish. It would take seeing his future to make Rhett choose another path. To choose the path I wanted him to follow. However, we all run by a code and that was mine, not to lay out the future my children’s decisions would give them. I had to just let that part play itself out. I was only responsible for offering options. 
A small little room started to develop. Faded green wallpaper with little tears and scratches forming at the edges that had seen better days. The fake hardwood floors looked dull and unkempt as well and was scattered with kids toys all around the room. Rhett was overcome by the overwhelming smell of perfume. It was best that this possibility seemed real to him. Two young boys were watching some children's sing along show standing there in the middle of the floor singing and dancing along. Nika was sitting at her computer typing away with a family portrait sitting beside her on her little corner desk. I heard Rhett's heart fluttering as the realization that he was in it. That the portrait was of a family; his family. He started scanning the room. This wasn't exactly the life he dreamed of or promised her. No this wasn't exactly poverty, but it wasn't a mansion either and I would have thrown success in too if I thought that he would take it. I doubted that he would, success was never something he dreamed of. This was lower middle class at best. Of course Rhett had always dreamed big. The problem was he never quite conquered his dreams, he had a tendency of giving up before they could be realized.
He peered at Nika's reflection on the screen as she pounded away at the keys on the keyboard like she was playing the drums. Her eyes looked tired, but in his eyes she was still absolutely beautiful. Love truly is blind in that way. Some can see the sunshine even in the middle of a rainstorm because it's caught in their memory. Rhett was that kind of fool. She had these ocean blue eyes that always made him hot under the collar. Nika had always been a mystery to him, that was obvious. She wasn't your usual woman and that's what made him love her and drove him absolutely crazy. She was a true lady by day, hard working, so intelligent that every other word that left those thin rosy majestic lips intimidated him, but there was also that other side. He preferred to call it bedroom Nika. The one that needed to know she was desired and acted like a porn star behind closed doors. She would post erotic pictures on her social media just to see if men would notice. To read their comments and count the number of likes her pictures got. Rhett was well aware that Nika wasn't the only one. Many women posted pictures of themselves in bikinis and even lingerie, but they weren't his. He liked to see other woman’s nipples poking out of a shirt like towers in the sky, but not the ones he called his own. No he hated it more than the memory of the time he had a tooth pulled and the freezing hadn't quite set in. For some explainable reason she craved that kind of attention. It was one of the many constant struggles between them.
That's what I needed him to see right now. The struggle and to feel the pain again. I couldn't show him a lie, but I could mix in a few different possibilities to shape it for my needs. I generally don't stack the deck during a poker game, but this hand was high stakes and I hate to lose.
Nika was flipping between her pictures on the social media site, one by one counting the likes and reading the endless array of comments stating how sexy she looked or how much men desired her body. She beamed with pride as she went through each one. Rhett's heart sank a little as he saw her click on the profiles of the men who made them and that's exactly what I needed. He had always wondered why his love and attention never seemed to be enough. Why she needed to search for reassurance that she was desired elsewhere. At times it felt like she was seeking it everywhere. He had added her to his second rate novels, wrote her countless love letters, sent her flowers and even tried to write her a love song, but it never seemed to be enough. One way or another she always managed to find herself back on this site posting new pictures and searching for new admirers.
Nika loved the attention her pictures got her since she was fifteen and started to blossom, as her mother put it, men wanted her and that's why Jordan chose her. At first it was just stares from boys walking by because she was quite developed for a fifteen-year-old young lady. Of course back then sex terrified her. It was the idea of the pain that kept her a virgin until college. The idea that sex would be so painful and the fear of getting pregnant kept her a good girl. Of course even back then she wanted to be courted and adored. That craving lead her to experiment sexually with other girls and a constant fetish with giving blowjobs. The idea of pleasing her man was built into her character. Not that she considered herself cheap or a whore she just liked to please men. Those days were long behind her now though. From this angel Rhett might not see it, but she loved him. It was just my job to show the details in a way that hid that fact. Twisting the image isn't a lie especially if you never get caught.
She stared at the family portrait of Rhett and the kids as she turned her wedding ring around her finger. This wasn't the life he promised her by a long shot. No it wasn't even close. There was no farm beside the ocean or a lake. The sunsets were seen from a bridge not from the dock behind their house. They didn't own horses or take month long vacations to Paris or Venice, but he loved her. He was a great father, a good provider and a decent lover. She had great lovers that made sex more exciting or a marathon and despite missing what seemed like a night long savage event, she had never felt more loved then when Rhett wrapped his arms around her, told her to close her eyes and told her soothing stories about the calm ocean breezes or the magic of rainbows. No Rhett might not be the ultimate man in the world, but he loved her and was her ideal man. The one that dreamed of her every night and whispered “I love you Nika” in his sleep every night.
That is what her heart sang, but not the image Rhett would be allowed to see. No he saw Nika going through her collection of sexy snap shots one by one reliving her youth. Reliving the times, she thought 135 lbs. was the ideal size. Of course time had added 80 pounds and two bra cup sizes to her frame. She was still attractive. That was something she was certain of. Days when she went out without panties in her tight pencil skirt, she still received plenty of hoots and whistles from the men she passed on the street and even more longing stares. Men adored her cleavage. Her double D's always caught everybody's attention. Especially Rhett's. Even after all this time she would still catch him staring at her with longing in his eyes. Yes, he still longed to touch her, to kiss her and love her.  Rhett didn't truly understand why she went through the pictures. In his eyes it was her recapturing her past and it was without him. That's exactly what I needed him to see. She stopped on her favorite picture. She was naked in it, but it wasn’t distasteful. No it was just her posing with a kiss revealing her bare shoulders and her dragon lily tattoo. She looked mysterious and sexy in this picture and everybody who saw it imagined the rest of her body. That was the magic of this picture. The most erotic part of it came from men's imagination and desire. That was the secret to erotic pictures. Let their imagination add all the sexy and dirty parts. That of course isn't how Rhett saw it. His vision of it made it dirty and cheap and it was that vision that might just make him choose the other deal. The favorable one for me.
I leaned in hissing, "This is the future you will have with her. She will always be the woman searching for approval." Tapping my fingers together I added, "Oh did her daddy not love her enough and that's why she seeks men's approval?" Raising an eyebrow, I snickered, "Or did he love her too much and that's why she does it. You will never truly know will you?" Rhett was still staring at that damn picture. The one he thought that she made just for him with the sexy way she puckered her lips and gracefully lifted those metal framed sun glasses. She didn't make it just for him. She made it months before him, but gave it to him because of the illusion that she wanted him to see. Every time he saw it his mind slipped to the magical parts that weren't in it. Those magical curves that were meant only for him. Every time he saw it online it made it seem less and less special because it wasn't just for him anymore, but for anybody who had a computer. He knew it was petty jealousy, but he wanted his special moments to be private moments and not a public affair.
He found himself furiously muttering, "Don't you damn well post that picture Nika. You promised that you wouldn't do it again." Based on the lack of reaction he figured that this was a watch only possible future and not interactive like Shelly's was. I needed the watch only affect if I was going to win this deal. He shook with fury as she clicked the upload button. "Son of a bitch," he screamed as he heard the ding made by the first like. "Son of a bitch!" Rhett shook with rage as he stomped around, "Why does she keep doing that?"
I was amused by the scene. It wasn't a falsehood. This was his future if he chose this road. Normally I would add more fuel to the emotional fire, but I had seen this part and knew that the best part was about to come. In less than a heart beat Nika's assorted past would come to light, only this time Rhett would witness it. He would see his greatest nightmare come to life in the written word. This would be the part that would send him running to his Shelly. The last straw in my plan.
A loud ding filled the room. That was exactly what I was waiting for. The icing on the cake which would break the bonds of love if Rhett saw the future the way I hoped he would. Nika stared at the screen watching the highlighted name Aarav flashing in blue. Rhett was staring at the screen as well. It was the first time in his life that he hated an absolute stranger, but would soon hate him even more. Nika could feel the excitement growing inside her, but she couldn't understand why. She hadn't spoken with him in years and even though they had flirted in the past, he was just some online amusement from the time before she met Rhett. Just simple little sex games to make her feel wanted and not so alone. It was dirty talk between two adults while they masturbated. It wasn't anything important or meaningful and it happened before she met her loving husband. She clicked the link and waited for the chat window to open.

Aarav: Hello dear
Nika: ?
Aarav: I like you. Will you marry me?  You are affected my mind.
Nika: I am married
Aarav: I will wait, you are the most attractive girl, in my mind you have a special, I always had fear to reveal my mind, all these days am afraid, now I decided to tell you the truth. I am afraid of your reply.
Nika: You must be kidding
Aarav: Every morning, I look all your photos to start my day positively and Happily, every time, I visit the site I visit your page too, I am bit afraid of you, but loves you madly too, some people attracts like a magnet, you're my dream girl,
Nika, please understand me dear

Nika just sat there staring at the screen. Her hesitating fingers seemed to be trying to push her thoughts on the screen, but couldn't. She just kept blankly staring at the screen as the familiar typing text bounced along the screen, randomly Nika would look at the two boys, smiled then let her hand drift to the picture gently touching Rhett's image. If he hadn't been feeling betrayed, he might have noticed it, but he was blinded by jealousy and rage. I needed that rage to seal this bargain. To finalize my deal.

Aarav: Please talk dear
Nika: I am married
Aarav: Are you happily married?
Nika: Very happily married
Aarav: I said you that am afraid of your response, so I hide my mind, now am feeling loneliness, I know you got two childs, I can love the child as mine. I manage a bank. I can take care of you and your needs.
Nika: I have a husband

There was a slight pause as Nika's hands trembled. This wasn't the kind of attention she wanted. No this wasn't the kind of attention she wanted at all. Aarav wasn't meant to be anything more than a distraction and now here he was declaring love again. A ghost from the past that should stay in the past. This ghost though would soon serve my purpose. Fear and excitement can appear the same to a broken hearted man. Rhett's heart was definitely breaking.

Aarav: Nika dear Talk
Nika: Good bye!
Aarav: Cruel decision.  I masturbate looking at you.

Slowly a picture started to appear on the screen. Nika had regretted sending it for some time now. It was a lack of self-control that made her send it. The idea that a man would be doing his business staring at her picture excited her back then. Her single life had a lot of those types of mistakes in it. She desired the attention she received when men saw her in her black stockings, thin thong and red bra with the black speckles. She hated the fact that she was foolish enough to send it in the first place and even more that a stranger was gloating about it now.
Nika had to admit that her twenty something body was something to admire. She loved the way her body looked in that picture. That was before kids, stretch marks and extra weight. Her body was slightly tilted to the side releasing her youthful figure. She adored how her curves were accented by what she wearing. It was sexy and classy especially those black leather high heel shoes. Yes, she looked like a sex kitten. The woman many men want to be with and a number of women too.
Rhett was storming around as he witnessed the conversation and even more when he saw the picture form on the screen. He kept screaming, "How could she do that?" It was one of those questions he kept asking himself when these little surprises popped up. Everybody had the right to their past and the mistakes that they might have made, but Nika seemed to have quite the assorted collection and all of them involved her being half naked. What made it even worse was the fact she was just sitting there staring at the screen with that dumbfounded grin on her face. She didn't even delete him or block him. She just leaned forward slowly expanding the image on the screen like a horny teenager with a playboy. Rhett was still fuming and cursing under his breath like a mad man. He knew these pictures existed because he'd seen them before, but he hated the fact other men had them and even worse was the fact she never deleted them when they pulled this crap.
This was the moment that I had been waiting for all along. Insecurity and jealousy were the back bone to my business. It was those two little emotions that made it possible for an ordinary person to throw away logic and all the bibles teachings for a decade of what they think they wanted. I slowly stroked my chin allowing Rhett's rage to guide him where I wanted him to go. He would soon see that the grass was greener on Shelly's side. Of course I was slowly bringing the fears inside Rhett to life and I still had another one slipping in. The images of Nika's naked body being touch by other men and the passions she once shared. Of course there were many like her. Most women hid these adventures from the men they met. Her honesty and sincerity was my greatest alley today. He knew about it all and it always killed him a little that she never offered him everything she offered those from her past.
Rhett looked at me, "Why did you bring me here?" It wasn't exactly a statement or a question, but more like heart shattering declaration.
Smiling, I hissed, "God gives you what you need not what you want. I am just giving you the same thing and you don't have to kneel before me." I pulled a quill out of my pocket and a small roll of paper because it was time to make the offer. "All you need to do is sign and what your heart truly desires will be yours. One of these days you will find Nika's naked body posted on some site somewhere." As soon as the words left my lips I knew that Rhett was forming that image in his mind. He was only human after all. It was such insecurities that grabbed hold of a man's heart and never left no matter how hard they tried to push it out.
It was at that moment that a second image appeared in the chat window. It was an even younger version of Nika wearing nothing, but a smile and high heels. She immediately screamed, "Oh my god," as she saw it. Dropping her head, she muttered, "How could I have been so stupid?"
It was at this point that Rhett hollered, "Get me out of here." He snapped the small roll of paper and quill from my hand. Stabbing his left arm, he looked at Nika then to the blood steaming off the quill with eyes consumed in sadness. He signed the paper, not the one that gave him Shelly, but after all this, he chose the one that gave him a life with Nika. He handed it to the me then stormed away. "I don't want to be here anymore. I will write my own terms"
I smiled and watched Nika as a stream of tears fell down her cheeks. Soul mates might be eternal, but this one belongs to me. I waited a little longer and a red bikini formed covering the picture of her naked body. Rhett would never realize that she wasn't naked. I couldn't help, but smile, my job was done. I wasn't above a little sleight of hand if it meant that the contract was signed. I wasn't an Angel after all. Some souls are bought and sold. Others saved and some are just simply stolen. I watched him scratch something out and add something. It was interesting. Finally, I said, "I agree to your terms."
He signed his name and muttered, "It's done. Now let me start my new life."

































Chapter eight
Nika

We were making our way towards the door and I was still crying and screaming inside my mind desperately trying to get the words I wanted to say to escape my lips, but I couldn’t. This was the first time in my lifetime that the images of a night filled with sex, pleasure and pain terrified me. Rhett’s face kept coming to mind. That was the one thing about him that had always made my legs weak. I felt safe with him. He was a protector even if he wasn’t exactly dependable in the romance department. Well that wasn’t exactly the truth of it. He was creative and was a poet with words. I couldn’t count the number of times that I was about to give up on him and our dreams of a life together just to receive a letter and fall in love all over again. It was almost magical the way he could pull on my heart strings like a classical guitar with a few well-placed compliments and heart felt emotional confessions. The only problem was I needed more than words. I needed actions more than dreams. Kisses more then the illusions of them. I wondered how the hell it was possible to love someone yet not truly believe in them. Is it possible for your heart to see all the hidden gems that a logical mind refuses to believe exists? 
Jordan’s nostrils flared as he pinched my ass hard again. “It’s not polite to be thinking of another man while you are going home with me. Stop it or you will be punished!” He kept leading me towards the door and I was powerless to stop him. I hated feeling powerless more then visiting the dentist. Inside my head I laughed. How many women before me had taken one man into their bed while longing to be with another? He might be able to control my actions, but not my desires or thoughts. No man would ever be able to control my inner most thoughts. I felt an even harder pinch as Jordan snarled, “I can and will.” Staring at the flashing lights the fear that he could read my thoughts hit me. Was it possible that in the wheel of life there were those that could not only see your darkest desires, but to actually read your mind and control your actions? It was unbelievable. It made me wonder how many men here tonight were reading my thoughts right now. Even scarier was the thought of what was about to happen to me and why was this man able to make me want it.
I saw a large bundle of flowers being carried towards the glass doors. I wasn’t sure how many bright red roses there were, but the image was too much for me to handle right now. Some lucky woman was going to be the envy of every other woman in the bar. Some lucky woman was going to feel like a princess and that woman wasn’t me. It was at this moment a little part of me hated Rhett the most. I didn’t need hundreds of flowers. Just a few to make me feel loved and special, but I didn’t even get a single rose. Usually I was the center of attention in such situations. Men had always bought me flowers in their attempt to seduce me. It had always been a game. Men would buy me flowers and try to charm me out of my pants so to speak. Of course the end result always depended on my dating situation. I had always takengreat pride in the fact that I had never cheated on anyone as well as never put out on the first date. I might not be the absolute picture of a lady, but I wasn’t a complete whore.
Everything came to a stop as Jordan glared at the door. He whispered, “Stop,” while his eyes squinted like he was trying to concentrate on some hidden detail that eluded me. He didn’t have that confident look anymore. No, it was nothing close to confidence at all. If I thought that he had it in him I would have said it was fear. Of course that brought up the question what could possible scare a giant like him. He kept twisting around in circles dragging me with him with such a snap my ankles couldn’t keep balance in my new high heels. I was whimpering in pain, but Jordan lifted a single finger and stuttered, “Silence!” I stopped and hung my head like a bad puppy who just made a mess on the floor. He broke my spirit with one little finger. My mother would be ashamed to see such a sight, but like all victims, I was powerless next to him. Even more concerning was the fact that people saw us. They stared and pointed, but nobody seemed to care. 
Jordan stuttered, “Where’s the back door?” Before I even had a chance to respond he was pushing me along, “Where is it? The back door I mean!” He was almost running and a couple of times almost threw me to the floor as he shoved me along heading towards the fire door. I think that if I had fallen I am sure that he would have just dragged me along with him. He screamed, “Move faster we need to get out of here.” Jordan kept looking back at the door and to my surprise the giant basket filled with flowers seemed to be stalking us like a predator would its prey. Jordan started whimpering, “No you can’t take this one. No! No! You can’t take her,” as he continued to run from them. “She’s mine I paid for her. We have a contract. She’s mine.”
I had always considered myself the property of the man I was with. My body and soul belonged to the one I loved, but Jordan wasn’t that one. He might control me, but I didn’t belong to him. Even if I didn’t like Rhett right now at this moment I saw myself belonging to him. Not just body and soul, but all the love I had to give. It was utter stupidity though that it took right until this moment to truly see that he was myfuture and the only man that I would truly ever love. 
Jordan muttered, “That damn soul collector is coming to collect a day early. It just isn’t fair.” Still scanning the room in a panic he snapped, “I am not giving up without a fight. I can’t lose this one.” I honestly don’t know if he was talking to me, someone around us or a figure that only existed in his mind, but either way it scared me. 
He pulled me close to the wall, “She is the prefect woman. The one that will be my legacy. Not just any woman, but the perfect woman to complete my collection.” Raising his fists in the air he shook them, “Her heart and the one beating in my chest are twins and the dirty little thoughts that swirl around inside her mind even make me blush.” He pinched my ass a little harder trying to get me to move faster, but I was a little too tipsy to move my feet fast enough” He screamed, “I am not losing her. Not this kill on my last night.”
I screamed, “Your last what?” The fear grabbed hold of me, on the inside, gripping my heart like cold fingers. For some unknown reason I can’t explain why my mind and body weren’t working together. For some reason my face smiled and laughed while my mind cried.
Jordan screamed, “The others were just for practice and this one was the one that I had paid for. This kill was the one I have been waiting for. This is the one that I bought and paid for with my soul and nothing is taking it out of my grasp. Not even the Devil himself.”
He seemed terrified by the flowers or at least whoever was carrying them. His head twisted from side to side and he kept momentarily stopping like voices were whispering to him. “No she is going to be my masterpiece. She is the one who will complete my collection and make me famous. She is the perfect one. My greatest masterpiece.” He was pushing his way down the little hallway towards the fire exit. He was scanning the room searching for the flowers, but they vanished which made him even more nervous. “How the hell do you lose a guy carrying a giant bundle of roses?” he screamed. 
I was confused by Jordan’s rage induced tantrum as he whipped around the tables and bar patrons. He seemed to be chasing ghosts or running from them even though I wasn’t sure if they were past victims or just voices in his head. By the way he was twisting and turning I am positive that he must have two personalities. Downright scary and utterly crazy. Usually I would just sit back and enjoy the entertainment, but now I was along for the ride. 
Jordan was staring towards the front door pushing me backwards as we slithered towards the back door and he kept cursing out loud something about having paid a steep price for me like I was some kind of street walker. If I wasn’t so terrified by him, I might have been insulted. No man could buy my love, affection or my body. No man, not even a freaky supernatural creep like Jordan, owned my ass. He was pushing me back trying to peer around the corners rambling about those roses like if one touched his flesh it would cause him to burst into flames. 
I saw the fire door getting closer and closer as he forced me to go deeper into the hallway. If there was ever a time that I could feel the hands of death wrapping its tentacles around my neck, it was today. Every inch closer to the door was an inch closer to my torture and in time, my death. The crowd just stared at me. Iwas screaming “help me” inside my head wondering why they all just watched rather then help me. In my heart I knew that the age of chivalry was long dead being replaced by a crowd of observers. 
We were finally at the door when Jordan just stopped. His lip was trembling as whined, “She is mine. I bought her,” as he started swinging at nothing like he saw a monster that nobody else could see. Screaming he snarled, “I don’t care, she’s mine. It’s part of my deal.” 
I couldn’t understand how, but I heard a snap like bone breaking and Jordan’s hand was smacked off my ass. This time I was able to cry out in pain. It was pleasure that was sure, but not the ecstasy that usually came with it, but the sweet taste of freedom after being locked away for decades. I couldn’t explain how, but it looked like Jordan was being pulled away and desperately trying to fight his way free. Clawing through the air Jordan was weeping and pleading. I was struggling to pull myself away his grasp.  I didn’t believe in invisible forces, but tonight changed all that. For a second I thought I saw a giant monster yanking the creep Jordan, who was trying to own me and break me, away.
I saw the man carrying the flowers again. I cannot explain why, but for some strange reason he seemed to be chasing us. Of course all that I could see was a pair of black jeans and cowboy boots. Right now though, I would trade all the roses in the world to have Rhett here holding me. To feel safe and loved in his arms. Behind me, I could still see the giant dark haired man in black dragging Jordan towards the big brown metal door. The cool air floated towards me. It felt relaxing as it wrapped itself around me like a cool mother nature herself was holding me. Jordan seemed to vanish through the door weeping like a poor demented child. 
I felt a hand clasping onto my elbow and even though every instinct inside my body begged me to yank myself free something told me not to. This calmness came over me. It was like all the cold darkness growing inside me all night was somehow blinded by warm light. Of course seeing this giant bouquet of roses filled the air around me with the sweetest smell and that little girl inside me needed to believe in romance again. That there had to be somebody out there who loved me. In a world filled with so many heart breaking disappoints, maybe somebody thought I was worth at least a little bit of flowers, even if they wouldn’t come from the man I loved, I would still have them. All I really wanted was to feel truly desired. I couldn’t explain why the roses calmed me so. Only that seeing them up close gave me the hope I needed.
I was shocked when the flowers were placed in my hands. It was better than being voted the prom queen or winning the lottery. My hands trembled with excitement and Jordan had been pushed from mymind completely. The bouquet was heavy in my hands, but with a smile, the warm thought that true romance sometimes feels heavy when you actually hold it in your hands crossed my mind. The size of them made them awkward to hold as I stretched around to keep hold of them while reaching for the card. Finally, I just handed it back while snagging hold of the card with the small assortment of hearts on it. It reminded me of a business card which seemed so small and out of place to be attached to such a giant array of roses. It took a second to just enjoy the fresh smell of romance. There was a time when I associated the smell of fresh flowers with true love, but that died out like a candle fighting against the wind.
Taking the card, I expected some sweet little message from my father. He was the one man who always seemed to be able to read my heart and send little extras. It was one of his sweet spots. Until I found a man of my own to fill my life with sunshine he tried to be the one. Of course usually it was just a small bouquet, but he’d witness my disappointment as I waited for Rhett’s promised roses to come and the absolute heart break when I realized that they were never coming. That a simple gesture wouldn’t take place today or any other day. As I read the card my heart melted.

Dearest Nika,

I searched the world for you. I didn’t know your name, what you looked like or even where in the world I would find you, but my heart sang the day you came into my life. 

I love you
Rhett

P.S. Kiss the delivery man. I promised him a sweet tasting reward

“Kiss the delivery man?” I exclaimed in confusion. Rhett was so jealous if I spoke to another man he became relentless and now he was telling me to kiss the delivery man? Staring at the flowers, I thought they were sweet and just the mere number of roses would have made me wet any other day, but after all the heart break and misery all I wanted now was to hide away in my apartment and cry until I had no more tears left. I wasn’t in the mood to kiss anybody. If Rhett were here, I’d slap him. Of course I’d probably break down crying afterwards, but I was sure slapping him would make me feel better. 
A voice said, “Well aren’t you going to kiss the delivery guy?” 
I couldn’t believe my ears as the words were carried on stale air, that course manly voice and it took me some time to realize who it was. I was jumping through the air screaming, “Rhett is that you?” 
My excitement almost sent the roses soaring through the air. My arms were so tightly wrapped around him that he was struggling to breath. Of course I’d always imagined this moment differently in my head and heart, but that didn’t take away from the excitement of the moment. Just the smell of his man perfume made my knees weak and I was positive that they were trembling so much I expected to hear them rattle. I smothered him in kisses until I could barely breath. This was the ending that I always wanted.
“She’s mine,” a voice bellowed from behind me. I didn’t bother looking back. He was just the voice of a bad memory that wasn’t worth remembering.
I was still kissing Rhett. My arms were wrapped around his waist and he could tell that I wasn’t letting go. I whispered, “Do you love me?” 
“Yes dear. Always and forever.”
I whimpered, “Then never let go.”
He ran his fingers through my hair missing my forehead, “I won’t ever let go.”























Chapter NINE
Jordan

There are places in the world where family is everything. It has meaning. Not here mind you, but there are places. The history books will say that it was love and family that made me into a monster. They will say that I was loved too little or that I was loved too much and of course others will blame my mother. They will be all full of shit. My mother loved me just enough and maybe if she hadn't of died, I wouldn't have turned out the way I did, but I really doubt that. The truth is, I like what I do, more then that, if I was capable of love, this would be it. I am good at it and I wanted to leave a legacy behind and not be forgotten. If you ask anybody who invented the paper clip they can't name that guy. I know. It was patented in 1899 by a man named John Vaaler. Now if you ask anybody who Jack The Ripper is, everybody knows. That's what I want. To be remembered and I will be.
My true calling escaped my grasp tonight thanks to my Father and her other soul mate. I am her soul mate, not him. Just because he added her name to his wish list when he signed the dotted line doesn’t make her his soul mate. It just means he has legal grounds to screw me over. My master told me to choose another like my last should be imperfect. He acts like a substitute can replace the original. It has taken me eighty attempts to prepare for her and now that I have mastered my craft and she is ready to meet me, it’s taken from me. Not just taken, but actually stolen from my hands. My deal was made first and I watched her grow from a little helpless girl to develop into perfection. It's watching a caterpillar turn into a butterfly, then dear old dad yanks the fucking wings off and whispers that it wanted to be a caterpillar again. Bull shit, I say you can't experience flying then be happy if you are trapped walking again. It's just common sense.
I took another woman who I thought might fulfill my needs. Her name was Shelly and my master gave her to me. He didn't call her a replacement though. He called her an alternative. Alternative has the same meaning as a less perfect version of the real thing. It's like one of those artificial sweeteners people use. It might be sweet, but it never tastes like sugar. Not really. It's that way with people. It is that way when you are trying to finish a legacy.
I had her under my control like all the others. She wasn't a naughty girl though. She played the part well, but it was different then the others. Some love the idea of being powerless and the idea of being owned excites them so. It's that desire that excites me. I slowly bring these little tidbits to the surface and I feed off the images that they have already started to construct. They have it already built and try to hide it. It's already there and they are in love with the idea or at least they think they are until I bring it to life. That's when the fun begins. At first I can feel the excitement growing. They want it and in their mind they are begging for more until it becomes real then the panic sets in. Oh how I love it when their mind screams,“no I don't want this anymore,” but their mouth begs their master for more. They can't believe it at first. They can't believe it’s happening until it's too late. Then my true fun begins.
There was no challenge to this though. No seduction and no passion involved at all. Shelley was already broken when I received her. Her voice kept asking for more, but the fear was different. There was fear, but no disbelief, just fear. She was expecting it. She even acted like she deserved it then I saw the reason why. Written across her hand was the word "BEAUTY". She wasn't a naughty girl. I wasn't claiming her soul as my own, it was just a gift. My master stole a diamond in the rough and gave me a glass stone instead. I killed Shelley, but it wasn’t for me. No I killed her to save her from this life. To send her away rather than leave her here suffering.
It reminded me of the first time I hired a hooker. Her ad said it was all about me. So she walks in gives me a hand job and I can’t get hard, but she keeps trying and trying. The poor girl kept trying and she was truly earning her eighty bucks, but nothing happened. Finally, she says that her arm is tired and she stops. It wasn’t all about me, it was all about the money and I got no satisfaction. I just lost eighty bucks. That’s how Shelley felt. I got no satisfaction.
I decided that I needed to search for a real challenge. Not a hopeless imitation like Shelly. I needed a naughty bitch like the love of my life Nika. The only real one that I could imagine giving me my satisfaction and completing my collection. My life’s work. I couldn’t let it end this way and time was running out fast. I was given a raw deal. Blue balls so to speak. Hours away from completion and the master adds in fine print to screw the middle man.
I watched them through the glass of the balcony. I just couldn’t let this one go. She was as much my soul mate as she was this new guys and I wasn’t letting go. She was the one. I sensed it the minute I saw her. She was the final one and I wanted to make her scream. There was a hidden brilliant melody in that final scream before the end came. They might be crying inside their mind during the process, but their outside voice always screamed for more. Since meeting the collector they begged for more. That’s what made the trade worth it. That power I possessed over the right kind of woman. Nika was exactly that type of woman. I would take her darkest desires and twist them so much that she couldn’t say stop. No they always begged for more. Treat them worse with more pain. They even begged me to take their last breath and I always did.
I liked watching them. Nika was giving herself to him like he owned her and he was attempting to be all she wanted. Damn hilarious to see. A gentle soul who loved her trying to treat her like a whore. It was just damn embarrassing. It’s like watching a nun trying to pole dance. Just doesn’t fit. Looking at my watch, my arms trembled. It wasn’t fear that made my blood run cold. No, I had already come to grips with the fact I was going to hell to be with all the other monsters like me. Actually the idea excited me because they might have a job opening and I had a specific skill set. No, it was the fact I only had forty-five minutes left to do a job that usually took at least three hours. Well if I wanted to do it right and get my release, I needed at least three hours. In a pinch, I was able to do it in two and a half hours, but it always felt like something was missing when I rushed.
I heard the loud snap of leather on leather followed by Nika crying out, it excited me just a little even though I knew it was only an act like cheap porn. A lot of loud screaming, but it’s not real. Her back didn’t arch the right way, not a single muscle tensed up and there wasn’t even a welt on her ass. No it wasn’t satisfying this need for her that still lingered inside me. I could tell by the way he was swinging the leather strap that he might fill her emotional needs and seeing all those damn roses he definitely plucked her heart strings the right way, but not the physical side. She might throw out a few screams and moans to build up his ego, but this need was left empty like drinking flat cola and trying to convince yourself it wasn’t that bad. Call it what you like, its still just day old flat soda. This woman needed the real deal. I was that deal. When I drove the leather down, the screams were real and the welts bled out. Not to mention all the other painful games I had mastered. That’s what she needed. I felt it then tasted it inside her soul. She needed to be used, abused and made famous. The last in a long line of them. She wasn’t my first, but she would be the one the world would remember. Deep down in her soul it was as dark as mine was. Her dirty little secret desires were my everyday, so by breaking her I was actually doing her a favor. I was making her desires come to life. Fulfilling the dreams, she dare not allow herself to ask for. She might not think it at the time, but it was what she truly wanted. To be remembered. Isn’t that what everybody wants? To live out the fantasies and be remembered.
I popped the lock like it was nothing. It was just for show and not real security after all. It only took a little applied pressure on the handle of my favorite hunting knife and it broke away. Again nobody expected that anyone would want to break into a hotel room all the way up on the third floor of a run down three-star hotel. Not exactly the kind of place rich folks stay at so management was more concerned with them breaking out then in. It was a good thing that the occupants were in the middle of playing their version of master and slave otherwise they would have heard the loud snap.
There was a slight creak as I opened the door and slipped in behind the curtain. The trick was to get in as fast and as quiet as possible because the damp cold air follows you into the room. I waited and listened. If I was quiet and slow, I could take him by surprise. I heard the squeaking of the bed and almost burst out laughing. Damn amateurs. Two minutes of fake screams, heartfelt pleading to be hit harder and now they are at it. I watched them bent over shadows going at it like wild dogs in heat. Hard to believe they called it making love. Ok maybe it was making love. What did I know about the emotional stuff? I was just physical. Watching them though I could see that only I could please her. Yes, she needed exactly what good old Jordan had to offer. I was running out of time though. Time was a curse these days and when the master stole her from me he destroyed a lot of planning and now time became extremely important. As much as I hated to rush things, I had to kill her lover and take her now because the alarm was ringing. No longer did the minutes seem endless. No now even the seconds seemed too short and once you find your soul mate you can’t let her go. You had strike hard and fast to make her yours.
I stood at the edge of the bed just watching them breath. They looked so relaxed that in two or three wasted minutes they would be asleep and easy pickings. I was struggling to control my breathing since the excitement was so powerful that my body shook. I loved this feeling. The power that explodes inside me when I am this close to my prize. There was nothing better than this. Not even sex. Sex was a step in the process, not the end goal. I was fumbling for my knife watching them still struggling to control my enthusiasm when I heard a whisper.
“Choose another. I will give you an extra twenty-four hours more if you just walk away. Think about it Jordan. An extra glorious 1440 minutes and all you need to do is just walk away. Nobody ever gets such a great gift from me. Not kings, popes or even tyrants are offered this type of extension.” The idea of more time was something that I hadn’t ever considered. What could I do with one more day? How much pain would result from those precious minutes? One, two maybe even three women could be touched. The idea of one last threesome made those little hairs on my back stand on end. Such a trophy was unheard of. Such a prize would be legendary. I wanted to be a legend. To never be forgotten. Staring at my watch my heart felt twisted. Time was ticking away fast and this wasn’t an easy decision. The glory of that last magical kill was like a drunk finding a bottle of wine just slightly out of reach yet a threesome would be like falling into a wine cellar filled with expensive wine. Oh how I wished that I had more time to consider which choice I would savor the most. “Jordan choose another,” the voice whispered. “She is part of another’s deal. Her body is spoken for.”
I closed my eyes still trembling as I tried to place a picture of both possible futures inside my head, but the images fed by Nika’s dark desires wouldn’t leave. They wouldn’t fade away no matter how hard I tried to think of the others. No she was like a cancer and there was no cure. Nothing would make me feel complete now that she had touched what was left of my soul. Time was disappearing too fast. I had to choose now. Waiting was just wasting the gift. My gift. I needed more time. “2880 minutes more if you just walk away. Think about what you could with 48 more hours. Think of your legend.”
I was staring at the door letting the idea of those precious minutes linger in my mind. Two full days seemed like a life time to me. Finally, I stepped away heading towards the door prepared to trade this victory for two beautiful days. I would trade this victory for two days of glory. My hand was on the door handle when I felt it. My hand trembled and even though my back was to her, I could see it. She was slowly moving her legs. Her ass was wiggling in this slowly sexy motion that called to me. Oh how each movement sent the faint smell of her all around the room. The smell of her was so addicting that I wanted her even more.






















Chapter TEN
Rhett

I just laid there with my arms wrapped around Nika watching her sleep. I was well aware that if she woke up it would be as spooky as hell, but there was nothing more in the world I wanted then to watch this woman sleeping soundly and counting her breaths. There was a natural beauty about her now. Without all the makeup and naked with just a silk sheet draped across her body. That was one of the many things about her that truly confused me. She insisted on taking hours to make herself beautiful when all she truly ever had to do was smile. I kissed her forehead and listened to the soft moan that escape her lips. I couldn’t understand how it was possible that she had forgotten about yesterday’s excitement, but I was thankful that the only memory still lingering in her mind were those 101 red roses. I ran my hand across the small of her back. Her skin was soft, smooth and smelled spicy. This bath oil was her secret and even though I didn’t really know much about such things, I knew what I liked. I like feeling this close to her. Her smell and her touch excited me and brought peace to my heart.
I hadn’t closed his eyes even for a second since coming here. It wasn’t exactly fear that kept me awake even though I knew of a new monster lurking under the bed waiting for my time to run out. Tonight though I just wanted to savor every minute I had with Nika. By my calculations I had 217560 minutes left to enjoy life with her. Now that I knew the number, I didn’t want to waste one second of it. 217560 minutes would have once sounded like a massive number to me. When you have a lifetime you don't worry about the numbers just the memories. But now that the clock was ticking it just wasn’t enough. Now that I know when the end comes I don't want to waste the precious time that I have left. Staring at Nika as she snuggled in a little tighter I thought that triple that number wasn’t ever going to be enough. There would never be enough time to be with her.
“What are you staring at?” Nika whispered as she lifted her head kissing my chest which sent ripples through me, then started running her fingers along it. She laid her head back onto my chest with a relaxed smile. “I always feel safe with you. I don’t even know why, but I do feel safe when I am with you.”
I was running my fingers through her thin soft hair. As much as she enjoyed the feeling of my touch I enjoyed the feel of her body against my rough hands. Kissing her forehead, I whispered, “I am staring at my heart because you own it and yes you are always safe in my hands.”
Playfully she slid her hands under, “Maybe it’s time we get some more sexercise again.” It was that adorable smile that made my heart pound, but definitely it was her touch that made my body tingle. Slowly she kept running her hands along my leg. Giggling she added, “Well since you are already awake.”
After twenty minutes of making love, I dropped onto my back in exhaustion panting like a saint Bernard on a hot August day. Nika’s sexual drive was like a nascar while mine was more like a Volkswagen Beatle. It could get you where you want to go, but not exactly something you brag about. Nika wrapped herself with the silk sheet and slowly draped her body over me. I loved the way her body felt as her flesh touched mine. It gave me the same excitement I had the day I read my first five-star review. It was thrilling and exhilarating at the same time. Was it possible that her touch could always feel like it took the passion in my heart and made it feel like lightning zinging through my veins? Was it even possible that this sensation could last for the rest of my life? I had always wanted just one great love. Just a single woman that I could devote my heart to and right now it felt like I had finally found it even if time was way too limited. Would a hundred years be enough for that? I closed my eyes and ran my thumb across Nika’s shoulder blades. She sighed and I felt her whole body relax. I had never had that kind of power before. You know that my kiss could take a woman’s breath away or my touch calms and excites her at the same time. I was caught up in the thought that this was what true love felt like. Such a powerful blind emotion.
I wasn’t exactly sleeping, but not exactly awake either. I was just drifting into that place where reality and your dreams meet to form something even more special. That’s the place where Nika had always met me and the place that I had always tried to get to. I could still feel her soft skin under my thumb and it was like touching heaven. Like touching a piece of paradise. There was a rhythm to Nika’s breathing that relaxed me. It was one of those things I would calmly like listening to and had the same effect as birds singing in a rain forest or ocean waves sliding in to a beach. Yes, lying here at this specific moment in time I knew that no matter the cost any amount of time was worth it. She was worth any sacrifice.
“He’s coming to kill her,” a voice screamed inside my head. “Open your eyes now or she dies!”
I opened my eyes to see a flash of silver cutting through the darkness and followed by a loud ear shattering scream, “She is mine.” Maybe it was instinct or my protective nature, but I tossed Nika over on to her back and felt the cold sharp blade dig into my chest. It was like a fire burning through me. Again and again the blade kept tearing into my body until the silver vanished and all I could think about was the explosions of pain jumping from place to place covering my chest.
I am sure that Nika didn’t know what was happening as she was flipped off my chest and hit the floor. Her body crackled like popcorn as her head bounced and her body twisted. I could tell that she was fighting through the pain climbing to her hands when as the intruder screamed, “Freeze,” and her whole body froze. To her it must have been one of those Deja view moments that seemed like she’d been here before even though she couldn’t remember when. The figure snapped, “She’s mine. She’s mine and I am taking her.” Each time the figure struck the knife into my body it made a plucking sound like a plunger and I was covered by little platters of warm thick water. A loud gasping followed each strike and I see the horror in her eyes as she blankly stared at me.
Nika seemed trapped in her own body as she saw the monster attacking me over and over. Through the pain my mind was screaming, "Run away now before he gets you. Why don't you run?" The shock had taken over though and she just watched in horror defenseless to help me or save herself. Choking I finally croaked, “Run baby! Run!”, but she couldn’t move even if she wanted to. While my body was painted in blood and despite wanting to reach out to her, I couldn’t. Pain and sadness filled those empty eyes. Whether it was my wellbeing or hers that she was thinking of I will never know.
The monster leapt off my almost lifeless bodythrowing me to the floor like I was nothing. He didn’t even give me a second glance. He just stared at his watch and whined, “I don’t have enough time.” Staring at the ceiling he howled, “I need more time.” His child like rage just added to the fear building up inside me. My trembling hand was weakly trying to grasp hold of the side of the bed, but kept slipping away. If I was her hero, I had fallen leaving the barbarian to rape and pillage.
There was a loud snapping sound as the two pieces of leather connected. The snapping repeated as he whipped the leather belt through the air. Looking at Nika he snapped the leather again, “So you like to be spanked,” he snarled as he whipped the belt through the air.
I couldn’t believe what words burst out of her lips. “Oh yes master I have been a very bad girl.” What the hell was she saying? Nobody ever tells a psycho that they have been a bad girl even if they have been. It’s like daring him to hurt you and then complaining you don’t know why he did.
He was like an excited school boy as those forced words left her lips. “And what should a true master do to a bad girl?”
I don't know what was running through her mind, but the words escaping her lips were terrifying. Like a puppet she whispered, “Master should beat me until I bleed.” Tears ran down her cheeks as the words popped out. He was cutting the air with each stroke and it didn't take any imagination to realize that her ass was next.
Grabbing a giant hand full of hair, he yanked her onto her feet snarling, “Head down and ass up.”
She smiled and started climbing onto the bed saying, "Yes Master," then laying her head on the bed with her ass in the air.
"No little whore don't look away let him see your face. I want him to see that my little whore enjoys pleasing her master. That she obeys me. "Her head turned and she looked right at me only it wasn't excitement that filled her eyes it was terror.
I was struggling to pull myself off the floor, but my strength was fading so fast that I felt dizzy. Nika's eyes never left me though and with the first thunderous strike her eyes filled with pain and a stream of tears flowed like a river. As the second and third strike hit,Nika begged, “Please master. Please punish me. I have been a really bad girl.” The strikes started to grown harder and faster and each time it connected blood splattered everywhere. Her whole body tensed as her back arched up and through the tears she screamed, “More!”
"Rhett you must get up,” my new owner hissed “This isn’t your day to die. That day was chosen the day we signed the contract.” I was lying there in a pool of my own blood thinking how damned easy it was to say you can’t die when my whole body was screaming otherwise. Each breath sounded like a garble and nothing seemed to be coming in. “You can’t die, but she can.”
The loud snaps were repeated again and again, I wondered if there would be any flesh left on her when this creature was done. To my utter disgust Nika was begging and pleading for more. It was a horrible cycle at best. The harder he drove the belt onto her body the more she wanted it. I kept my eyes closed and tried to push the sound from my ears and the image growing inside my head. This wasn’t the future I asked for. No this was nothing close to the dream I signed up for.
That voice bellowed,” You traded more than your soul to get her body and now when it's time to defend it you just lay there choking on your own blood.” My hand locked up making it seem impossible to open or close it as a solid shooting pain started bursting through my whole hand. “I gave you what your heart wanted most, but only you have to power to save her.” It was like lightning was zipping through my whole body and finally the pain just stopped. A loud scream filled the air followed by complete silence. It was damned eerie just waiting like this. I was collecting my thoughts which felt more like they had been put through a blender. You know too many half thoughts that seem to break away just before the important stuff. I was sifting through each piece one by one like a jigsaw puzzle trying to find the important pieces before they were lost. It wasn’t until I heard Nika screaming, “More pain master,” that the fog inside my mind started to lift. It was those three words and the crackle of wet leather that brought all the pieces together.
The voice hissed, “He had ten minutes left to kill her before she’s out of reach forever.” I was struggling to gain control of my body. It felt strange or foreign to me. Like suddenly my legs were an inch longer and I needed to train it the simplest commands all over again. As I struggled to force my body upward I saw the words “HATE” and “LOVE” etched into my hands. “Yes I gave you a secret weapon. Pure hate so that you might be able to save your true love.”
I looked up to see a shining silver streak cutting through the darkness. A loud bellow came out from behind it, “She’s mine!”



























Chapter eleven
The Collector

I was torn watching Jordan’s vicious attack. I never picked favorites, but if I did, Jordan’s name would be on the short list. Probably right under Jack the Ripper if I had to assign a number. He was the most impulsive man that I had ever seen in centuries, but despite that, he had criteria for his victims. No he wasn’t just an animal who attacked at random. He watched them, read their darkest desires and then he found that special one and made their dreams come true. Most never even realized what was happening until it was too late and by the time they realized what was happening it was almost over. Yes, Jordan was like my naughty son, but a deal is a deal. Minutes were turning into seconds and it even surprised me how fanatic Jordan was becoming. Unexpected to say the least. 
Even more unexpected was Rhett. I had added rage into his heart. The stench of it hung in the air like rotting meat yet, he was still struggling to get to his feet. It was interesting to watch. Normally, I didn’t like interfering in my children’s power struggles, but this wasn’t normal. No it was nothing near normal at all. They were like black and white. Different sides of the same coin. Each had a legal claim to the woman’s soul. Each a valid claim to call themselves her soul mate yet, a deal is a deal and Rhett signed his at just the right time. At just the exact time to steal her away. He was even so creative that he added in a clause that she always felt happy and safe. That was something I hadn’t expected. Those few little words meant that after I claimed my prize she was still protected from all the heartbreaks that life offers. Jordan would never understand the power of that clause. He had been saving her since her fourteenth birthday. She was one of those few special creatures who had a heart filled with naughty dark desires yet kept them hidden inside herself out of public view. She was meant to be his last. His ultimate sacrifice. Yet minutes before he claimed her as his last prize, Rhett popped up and stole her away like it was his destiny. That’s what made his deal the ultimate deal. It was one of those unplanned tragedies. One woman two soul mates. Yes, even the Angels wept from high in their perches when he signed that deal. Two true soul mates for one woman. One would fulfill her desires for pain, but it would cost her not just her life, but her soul. Then there was Rhett. He would love her, but couldn’t save her no matter how hard he tried. 
Jordan bellowed, “She is mine! Heart, body and soul. She is my greatest prize.” Rhett saw the streak of silver cutting through the darkness, only the silver line looked too large to be natural. He wasn’t a warrior yet, but I could sense after tonight he would strive to be one. Nika was moaning and screaming, but it wasn’t out of desire. Rhett wouldn’t understand it only that it had to stop before there was nothing left of her worth saving. Instinct told him to cower like a mouse cornered by an old tom cat yet,Nika’s eyes were on him. There was fear in her eyes even though her voice was pleading for more pain. It sounded like thunder as the rough leather whipped across her bare ass. Her back arched as Jordan’s rage exploded onto her body yet she kept begging for more and to Rhett’s horror Jordan seemed to be getting more and more excited with each stroke.
That’s how I signed him up. I offered the power he needed and he wanted it so much. He could taste the splatters of blood flying off her flesh and his legacy was almost complete. He had forgot about how fast time was slipping away from him. His ecstasy was growing like a wild forest fire and with each smashing blow his heart pounded faster and faster. He bellowed, "She's mine. I finally have her." 
Rhett had no idea what he was doing. Not really since he wasn't a brawler. At least not since his childhood when his temper used to control him, but he wasn't like that anymore. He was a dreamer and a romantic, but knew that he couldn't fight his way out of a wet paper bag. Looks could be deceiving and he was the poster child. He watched helplessly as Jordan marked the woman he loved. Rhett had always thought that if he left his mark on a woman's heart that her body and soul would follow, but seeing Jordan's brutality he was witnessing the complete opposite.
Nika's body couldn't handle the beatings anymore, but Jordan's control over her was too strong. Her whole body trembled and burned. This wasn't the pain that she had imagined so many times. There was no pleasure in this yet, despite it, unbelievably she was begging for more. 
"Does my little whore want to feel the bite of my blade," Jordan beamed with pride. "Does she want to trade her life to please her master?" 
Nika was crying inside her soul as the words, "Yes master I want to please you. Master please let me feel the bite of your blade." The end was coming and all she could do was ask the bastard to take her life. Not just ask him to take her life, but she was begging him to do it with excitement in her voice. 
Jordan smiled as the thought of what would happen next danced through his mind. Oh how he wished that he had more time to savor the experience, but it didn't matter. He was still going to finish this and Nika would be the one. That special one. She was like that last piece of chocolate you try to save for another day when you start a new diet. You struggle to keep it fresh even though it's always on your mind. You tell yourself that you must not eat it, but it haunts you. When you finally eat it, it's the sweetest most desirable thing in the world. Each bite explodes with sweetness and you try to eat it slower and slower to make it last. Yes, that's how sweet Nika tasted. Yes, Nika was worth the wait even if the I would punish him for an eternity.
Jordan’s whole body was quivering like a drug addict fighting withdrawal as he stared down at Nika. His crooked smile said more than words ever could. Nika was bent over the bed with her face driven into the pillow. It was still unbelievable that despite the stream of blood flowing down along the curves of her body that she was begging him to do whatever he wanted to her flesh. Jordan's trembling hand was slowly reaching out at her. If Rhett didn't know better by the looks of it, he would have thought that he was nervous. 
It wasn't until he snagged a fistful hair that Rhett started to panic. Her head was yanked back with so much force that she was almost starting back at him. He started twisted her hair around and round yet despite the stream of tears when he muttered, “do you like it little whore?” Nika begged for more. 
Jordan took the long blade and ran it along the small of her back. Slowly he let it slide just into her flesh forcing shivers to dance along her spine. Nika moaned as if the cold metal skipping across her skin was the most erotic event of her life. She screamed for more pain and the heartless bastard was only too eager to give it to her. Taking the point of his blade he slowly started to turn it, pushing the point into her flesh. 
Rhett found his body flying through the air right at him like a missile. He had no idea why he chose to hurl his body at him or what he would do once he got there, but he was already committed. Jordan looked over too late to do anything about it, but there was just enough time for that smile to fall from his face as he saw Rhett's two-hundred-pound frame coming flying straight at him. 
Rhett heard a crack as his body connected with Jordan's. He fumbled back a few steps and Rhett was sure the force of his body was going to send him flying backwards, but then he stopped. Rhett didn't know why the fact that this giant's strength surprised him, but it did. Jordan just dropped him on the floor like he was nothing at all and that's when he noticed it. That's when he knew where the cracking sound came from. The blade had been dug deep into the chest right down to the finger guard. It wasn't really shock that he was stabbed that took over him, but the shock that he was still alive. He watched the handle of the knife rise and fall with each breath as he heard Jordan laughed. He was a cruel bastard that was for sure.
Jordan bent down with a fiendish smile. He was poking on the blade with his finger as he muttered, “We can continue this fight for her in hell.” That statement was true since I now owned both of them. Ripping the blade out, Rhett’s whole body quacked with more pain then even he could have imagined. His body was trembling and with a loud forced cough sent blood splattering everywhere. Jordan was walking towards Nika with that smile and even winked at him like there was some kind of bond between them. Laughing he muttered, “We will continue this in hell. I crack myself up sometimes.” It was at this moment that he realized what was happening next. It was the unthinkable. Nika was going to die a horrible death at the end of his blade. 
I watched my star pupil doing what he did best. Jordan was too swept in the moment to realize that his most precious gift was fading rapidly. Of course like all great artists he was caught up in the finished product. His last master piece. Tapping my fingers as I walked towards him I slowly started counting down from twenty. With each step I took, I decreased the count by one. 
I noticed Rhett struggling to drag his broken body towards them leaving yet another streak of red behind him. Where Jordan was almost the ideal example of a son, Rhett was a great example of an absolute disappointment. Even a killer’s rage couldn’t give him the strength to defend his beloved. Such a disappointment. He ended his life and sold his soul to get her, but he wouldn’t stand up to defend her. He wouldn’t grab hold of the rage and use it. Such a waste. 
Normally Jordan enjoyed watching the final moments. This was the point where Jordan allowed his treasures to speak freely and it was at this moment that their terror came to life. His blade was slicing through the air leaving a soft whisking sound as it went straight at her. The way she shrieked amused him. Part of me desperately wanted to let him finish what he started. To hear Jordan’s excitement explode as she gagged, struggling to get one last breath yet a deal was a deal. Breaking the deal would release Rhett from his contract and save his soul. It was tempting. After all, Jordan was my star this day. 
The blade was so close to Nika’s flesh that it was slicing little hairs that ran across her neck. Her screams were comforting to me and desperately I wanted to allow this scene to unfold to the end, but with a snap of my hand I caught the blade and whispered, “One. Your time is up.”
Jordan’s face twisted as his eyes filled with tears. “No! No! She was the one. My special one.”
Holding the blade, I walked towards her gently running my fingers along her back feeling thin paper like cuts on her flesh. It amused me as I saw the small pool of blood flowing onto her flesh and heard her terrified moans. “A deal is a deal. Your ten years is up Jordan.” Staring into Nika’s eyes I added, “Your time has passed and she is saved.”
Almost jumping like a frightened child,Jordan screamed, “No I want her. She is mine. I found her and I claimed her.” Still in the midst of his rage filled temper tantrum he screamed, “You must give her to me. She is mine.” 
I snapped my fingers as rage consumed me. My hands trembled as I pointed at him, “I don’t have to give you anything. You enjoyed your time here and now it’s time to pay the price.”
Pulling a small blade from his belt,Jordan charged right at me, “No she’s mine I tell you. She is mine!” He plunged the blade into my chest. “You can’t steal away this victory. Do you hear me. You can’t!” He kept driving the small blade deeper and deeper with each strike. 
I let him release the frustration and rage, but demanding I step aside was just too much. Disrespectful little bastard thought that he could kill one of the fallen. A speck in the fabric of time dared strike at the king of souls. I had planned to keep him and use his particular skill set over the next few centuries, but now he needed to be punished. He needed to be reminded of the fact that he was nothing, but a collection of ideas waiting to be sharpened like a blade. Let him feel the agony of having his soul ripped out of him. Let him remember just how small and meaningless he truly was.
Rhett was struggling to get up off the floor, but his hands kept slipping out from under him as the touched the slimy pool of blood. It was hopeless and despite knowing there was little he could do he refused to stop. He was just about up to his knees when his hand slipped again driving his face into the floor. Gasping for each breath he just laid there watching us, dazed trying to come up with a plan. Grasping at straws as he tried to decide how he could save her. 
My eyes glowed as flames exploded from them. I wrapped my giant hands around Jordan's neck knowing that I could easily snap it, but I calmly whispered, "It's time I collect my due." 
Jordan's eyes filled with fear as he whimpered, "I am sorry. I didn't mean anything by it, but she's mine. You promised that I could have my decade to build my legacy. 
My grip tightened as I added, "I gave you your ten years. That was our deal. Ten years to fulfill your destiny. Ten is what you bargained for and ten is what you got. Not a minute more not a minute less." 
Pouting Jordan barked, "but I want more. I need more time." 
I placed my glove sized paw onto his chest. "I offered you more time and you refused me." With a squeezing motion I grabbing hold of light streams of blue light that were the threads of his soul and started pulling on them. 
Jordan's face curled as I viciously ripped away at his soul and shrieks of pain stated to escape his lips, but I didn’t feel any remorse. This is the process of paying the price.Jordan's arms dropped and his back arched as neon blue flames burst from inside him. 
"I am sorry master. I am sorry," was all he could manage to say between the screams. "I am sorry master." The flames exploded as the streams of neon light were torn from his body. It reminded Rhett of watching someone yank the cotton stuffing out of doll. The pieces stretch and broke as I yanked at it. Jordan screamed and whined each time I removed another piece of his soul. Finally, all the life inside him was stolen and the only thing left of the man was a drooping body and large rapidly blinking eyes. Of course I wished Rhett hadn’t seen this since now he would think of the process rather than the journey he bought.
With my hand still firmly wrapped around Jordan’s neck I smiled and started walking towards the patio door. “The only thing left is to give you a public death.” Pieces of wood and glass scattered all over as we smashed though the double wide doors. “Oh how the news will talk about you, the doctors will study you and history will never forget about you.”
Jordan’s scream stopped as those words left my lips. It was strange to see a damned man totally at peace as he was thrown over the edge of the balcony onto the busy street below. The last words that left his lips as he smiled were, “I will be famous.” 
I watched him fall to the road below. The screeching of tires followed by a dull horn blowing then the final crunch as metal bit into metal. I stood there for a second just watching the turmoil unfold below. I pulled out my soul collector and poked the glowing stream of smoke like neon blue into it. As I poked the last stream in, I plugged the opening and stuffed it into my pouch. “Now our contract has been completed.”
I walked over towards them staring at Nika’s naked body. I was more confused what made the make attraction then any real interest in her naked body. I slowly ran my hands across her soft skin. I was gentle which I could see surprised Rhett. I had no real claim on this woman and hurting her more didn’t seem to make any sense. There was nothing in it for me. Kissing the back of her head, I whispered, “You will forget this night. You will only remember how much you love Rhett and nothing else. Hide the memory of this night so deep inside your heart that it will never surface. Forget about the pleasure and the pain child. Only remember the love.” Gently I kept touching her body turning her wounds into pinkish scars.
Glancing down at Rhett, I smiled and muttered. “You can’t die this day. We have a contract and you will die exactly ten years from today.” I walked over and stood over him. “Make every one of these ten years’ count. I don’t give refunds or extensions.” Grabbing his collar, I pulled him up, “Soon the police will come.” Pointing towards the shattered double wide doors, “Jordan’s immorality brings many questions.” I dragged him towards the balcony and pointed down towards the street. “Tell them you killed him defending your woman’s body and honor.”
Rhett was still staring at the collection of scars that covered her body. The thoughts that flowed inside his mind surprised me. How would she see herself? Nika took great pride in her appearance. Maybe even too much pride in the curves of her body. How would she live with her disfigurement when beauty was all she seemed to care about? “Oh don’t worry. Let’s call this a test of your love. The world of the living won’t see the flaws in her flesh. In her eyes she will look sexier than ever. It’s you that must see the scars on her body. When you touch her flesh, you will feel the ripples of her disfigurement against your skin. You sold your soul to have her love and you have it. Now can you really love her now that she doesn’t look so perfect?” 
I threw a blanket over Nika’s naked body. I laughed as I said, “I am looking forward to seeing how you handle the next decade.” 
Before Rhett could answer the door burst open and a gun wielding man screamed, “Freeze!” As Rhett brought his hands up and placed them above his head he realized that the I had vanished leaving him to be either a great hero or a victim locked away like a common criminal.  

Chapter twelve
Rhett

Time is always moving forward. The dreams of tomorrow become the realities of today and the cycle continues over and over. That's what haunts me the most. There was never enough time and knowing the exact time of my death, right down to second, became my nightmare. Of course the past nine years, eleven months and two weeks have been amazing. Well, until recently at least. The closer it got to the end the more fear and guilt have consumed me. Fear of eternity, of hell. Being separated from Nika and the kids. Guilt that the thirty-four-year-old love of my life would soon be a widow. She always said that she wouldn't remarry, but despite her most sincere intentions, I know that time will change her resolve. Despite being selfish when it comes to her time and love, a little part of me wants her to move on. To love again and of course there is her extreme sexual hunger. That was something that needed to be fed multiple times a day. She always called herself the perfect woman. Lady in daylight and whore in the bedroom, but that's not what made her the perfect woman. No there was a giant list of things that made her the perfect woman, but sex wasn't the on the top of the list. 
"Are you sure that you want to increase your life insurance to five million, Rhett?” Alexandra asked as she started fumbling through her bag. The smell of her perfume was intoxicating. It smelled sweet and I imagined it would have a bitter taste, but it wasn't her body that I dreamed of kissing. It was that wild cherry brand that Nika wore. It was like her drug so to speak and damn near as expensive. Even with all those scars and after almost a decade, it was her body that I desired. Hers and hers alone. 
Sliding the papers across the table she added, "Your physical came back amazingly good for a man of..." There that momentary pause as she realized that she had just called her customer old. She had that childlike embarrassed look of ‘please let me tactfully recover from this.’  “Let’s just say a hero like you sir.” 
Leaning forward she slid the papers closer to me, "You mean a man of my age." I smiled about the statement. Since my encounter with Jordan all those years ago, I had worked out every day. Of course it helped me in bed and god only knows that at any age I would have to keep in shape to keep up with Nika’s sex drive, but it was also to make sure that I never felt helpless again. That nobody would ever hurt Nika again as long as I lived.  Of course after Jordan’s death, the police investigation revealed that Jordan was a serial killer. Not just any serial killer, but the king of the serial killers with his collection of index fingers and a body count that covered most of Europe. They called me the giant killer, but it didn’t make the memory of that night fade away. That powerless feeling still haunted me day and night.
Immediately her head dropped as she started rifling through her bag, "I know that I have the doctors report here somewhere." As she started emptying the contents of her bag onto the table, she placed her phone on the table. Like most people these days, the cover picture was one of her and her family. The four of them displayed like trophies. The beautiful faintly Asian looking wife and mother with two scraping lads and the ugliest man I had ever seen. That wasn't what really caught my attention though. It was the glowing words "Money" and "Success" etched forever into both of his hands. That was also my curse. Those weak people, like me,with a little darkness in their hearts and had the exact price that their soul was worth.  I thought that seeing the petty price most people traded their immortal soul for should have made me feel better, but it didn’t. It never really did. For some it was just superficial shit like beauty, bigger tits and even a few extra inches in the manhood department, but despite my romantic idea that love is the true thing worth dying for, at the end of the day being damned was still just being damned. The steps to get there didn’t make the destination any better.
Staring at Alexandra I couldn’t help, but wonder did her husband’s price buy her love or just rent it? He was three times her age and certainly a twenty something hottie like her could do much better than a fifty something business man.  Of course I knew that Nika wasn’t much older then she was and money didn’t buy her love, no that was his price to keep her heart, but she also wasn’t a mail order bride. You could see the type he thought. They play the loving wife part quite well, but there is something in their eyes that tells you they aren’t truly in love. Nika’s eyes always whispered ‘I love you’ even before I summoned the collector. That was my only true regret. If I had been a better man, I wouldn’t have had to sell my soul for her love. No, if I had been a better man, I never would have lost it in the first place. 
“If I can just get you to sign right here and give me the certified check, in three to four weeks you will be insured for five million coverage for death by natural causes and ten if it’s accidental.” She was reviewing everything very thoroughly as she was putting little blue X’s next to the places where I needed to sign. “You realize that this is a term insurance policy? There is a difference between this and whole life insurance.” 
Telling a man who only had two weeks left to live that it would take three to four weeks to process wasn’t going to do. My time was too limited and the owner guaranteed me that two days after I signed the paperwork and gave them the check for $ 9470, which was a little under half of our life savings, that I would be insured. They didn’t need to know that my death was going to come from a supernatural cause. No, this would not do at all. My heart was pounding as I stared helplessly into her eyes trying to figure out what to say. I screamed in sheer panic, “I was told that it would be two days from the time I signed before it came into effect. Three to four weeks isn’t soon enough.” 
Alexandra jumped back with a quivering lip, “I am sorry, but it’s company policy when the insurance policy is this large. You know how it is and all, the bigger the policy, the bigger the risk.”
I jumped up slamming my hand on the table, “Davenport said it would be expedited and it better damn well better be!” I was trembling with rage and staring into her eyes and immediately felt the bitter taste of regret, but I couldn’t calm myself down. There was just too much as risk. Staring at my wrist watch, the panic started burning inside me. 1234800 seconds was all I had left and I couldn’t afford three or four god damn weeks. My family depended on me to provide for them and book sales hadn’t actually been rocking over the last five years or so. 
Alexandra just stared at me like I was some kind of psycho. “I am sorry, but I cannot do anything. You are a healthy man. Unless you plan on hunting down another monster like the malinger, three weeks won’t be too long.” 
My rage was beyond controlling and despite seeing the fear in her eyes I couldn’t help myself. I couldn’t leave Nika alone and vulnerable again. No I refused to fail her again and if I had to storm all the way to Toronto and kick in the doors of the insurance companies head office, I was going to leave my family a nice little nest egg. I couldn’t afford to screw around and waste time because my time was too precious and time was running out. Pointing at Alexandra, I snapped, “You just call Davenport and get him on the phone. We have things arranged and I can’t wait three damn weeks.”
She stuttered obviously shaken by the whole situation. "Let me call mister Davenport and fix this." My shock and anger was too far gone to really say anything. Instead I just watched her step outside the glass patio doors frantically talking about the obviously suicidal or mentally unstable man as her hands flew through the air in all directions. It was at this point that I started to feel the deep cut of guilt inside me. This young woman was as powerless to change policy as I was to turn back the hands of time and earn true love rather than just buy it. Her water filled eyes said more than any words possibly could.
Timidly she slid the glass doors open and slowly stepped into the room. At first I thought it was fear that filled her face, but then she spoke, "It appears that I was wrong and your policy starts the minute that you signed your name." Her head dropped as she whispered, "I am sorry if I seemed insensitive. I didn't realize that you were upgrading your policy. It never occurred to me that after facing down the world’s most famous serial killer that you might have new fears and terrors." I was about to answer when she snapped, "I can't imagine the horrors that must run through your dreams at night. I am so sorry. Mister Davenport says that everything has been taken care of and I over stepped my bounds."
Of course this young thing couldn't imagine the horrors that ran through my mind at night. Her husband maybe and even Davenport knew, since he sold his soul to cure his son’s cancer, but not this young pretty little woman. She only worked because it made her feel important and couldn't imagine the value of every second when you only had a few left. Stepping forward I responded, "Don't worry about it." My hand rose as I said, "I am sorry for how I reacted." It wasn't until she jumped back trembling that I truly realized how much I terrified her. Stepping back, I added, "If we are done here maybe you should go to your next appointment."
Alexandra was already at her car determined to get the hell of there. I am sure that it was days like this that she wondered why she worked at all. Her husband owned a few successful businesses all around Essex county. With the economy the way it was after the automotive collapse they were like royalty here in Windsor. What did they call it? Yes, they called it the asshole of the world or as some might say the rectum of Ontario. Few people were as well off as they were here. I think that she worked because of her age and didn't want to be seen as a gold digger. 
I am sure that she saw me as the spookiest bastard that she had ever met. Even my house was creepy. Historic three story square with one of those attic windows you see in horror movies. She probably wouldn't be surprised if there wasn't someone locked away up there. The place was so spooky, even the birds stayed away except those damn crows. All around Windsor the robins, swallows and martins were chirping everywhere as well as black squirrels filling every tree, but not here. No, all I had was squawking crows, like they could sense some kind of evil growing inside the house.
Later that night we followed our routine. We were slowly making our way towards the water front like lovers. We held hands and, like always, both kids were lingering just a little behind. I knew that I would miss this so much. This wasn’t one of the higher class neighborhoods that most families search for, but it had its charm. Close to the university and the view of the sunset over the river with Detroit in the back ground was second to none. As we went along, the historic houses still amazed me even after all this time. It was like a mishmash of giant towering houses and little square box houses each a century or so old and despite being the same basic design, they were unique as their precious owners added features and personal touches to them. Running my fingers along Nika’s soft skin, she was just smiling and then the kid’s laughter from behind echoed past. If there was any reason for a man to sell his soul, they were the best reason. Nika’s sexy grin and sparkling eyes made my heart beat a little faster. It amazed me that even now when I looked at her it was like seeing her again for the very first time. My heart sank a bit as I realized just how much I was going to miss this. How much I would miss just being content doing nothing at all. 
“I think that our neighborhood wild life doesn’t like you anymore,” Nika blurted out with a sly playful smile on her face.  She had her finger on her lips rocking from side, half tilting in that sexy playful manner only she could pull off.  I always wondered how she could just smile and go from looking like a sexy woman to a playful school girl with just a smile. 
Puzzled I asked, “The wild life doesn’t like me anymore. How do you figure this?” As always I expected some kind of smart ass comment to follow and then would come either uncontrolled laughter or utter confusion. That was the thing about Nika, she was so smart, but still down to earth so either she was funny as hell or talking right over my head. 
“Listen,” she whispered as she looked around. “What do you hear?”
It was quiet and peaceful I thought, except for the distant echo of some band playing over at the park, but the deep voice and harmony was soothing.  It was one of those sad love songs that I generally hated hearing, but from what heard I liked it. I listened for another minute focusing on the lyrics. 

My heart lies when it says the sun shines as bright without you; without you 
My heart lies when it says life as bright without you; without you 
I am lost in night like ship trying to find its way without you; with you 
My heart lies when it says it never cries without you; without you
My heart lies when it says everyday it doesn't die without you; without you 
I struggle to survive; I am not really alive without you; without you
My heart lies when says my life shines without you; without you 
My heart lies when it says love for you died without you; without you

“I hear a sad love song.” Of course I knew that Nika loved slow love songs and moonlit nights. How many nights had we spent just dancing to the radio in the back yard, after the kids went to sleep, in the moon light? She would sip her wine while I drank a cold beer followed by savage love making. Of course I always thought one day we should actually make it back to the bedroom which brought the idea of just how much the neighbors might have seen on those dark passions filled night it the back yard with the low fence. It always amazed me how being so shy, Nika brought out the wild exhibitionist in me. 
Playfully she was swaying to the rhythm of the music as she whispered, “The wild life is too quiet.” Nika’s arms slid around my waist as we walked. “Since we moved here, our nightly walks have always been filled with the high pitched singing of the birds and the squeals of squirrel’s battling over their territory, but recently they just went silent or left completely.”  
I had noticed it too. It had only been a week or so and seemed to be such a gradual thing that before I knew it the whole feel of my street changed. For almost a decade now the variety of birds had filled the neighborhood with a mystical calm feeling as they sang and the squirrels whipping through the trees provided grand entertainment, but one day it just stopped. “I wonder if the city is doing some kind of pest control since you know the squirrels are really just rats with bushy tails.” It seemed as good a reason as any.
Laughing she responded, “No I think it’s you. Those days when you leave the house, everything goes back too normal.” Pointing towards the tall oak down the block she added, “Even those ugly things seem to follow you.”  I looked over to see a big black crow twisting its head to stare at them like it knew we were talking about it. It let out a loud growling “KAW” sound before opening its wings and jumping to the next tree like it was stalking us. “It’s almost like you have been cursed by the gypsies.”  I knew that she was only playing around, but growing up in Europe, I knew her belief in superstition. She had told him count stories of gypsy curses. Of how her first boyfriend broke up with one girl to date her and suddenly he wasn’t able to make love or how her friend cheated with a boy in high school and suddenly developed warts anywhere that he touched her. In Nika’s eyes, curses were as real as the rain or wind that blew across her skin, only these gypsy cures could ruin your life. “Oh the stories I could tell you from back home. Not just stories, but things I have seen with my own eyes.” 
It always amused me how such a brilliant woman could believe in such dark fairytales and even more amusing was the way her eyes went when she talked about it. So large and serious like she was telling you of some kind of war time horror story. Forcing a smile on my face I asked, “And where would I run into a gypsy? Let alone insult one enough to bring on the wrath of a curse?”  As we kept walking Nika was still talking about the lack of animals wandering through their streets. Yet, I was still thinking of that damn crow. It never occurred to me until now that the closer it came to paying my debt, the living things around me seemed to try and avoid me. Even small things like fishing changed. When they were really biting and everybody else caught them hand over foot, I didn’t even get a bite and even the neighborhood dogs that used to run up for a pet, now seemed to avoid me. Right about now a gypsy curse might be welcome compared to knowing when the end would come and the memory of how the Collector tore the soul right out of Jordan the serial killer. 
As we made our way towards the park the word “Hate” etched into my flesh started to burn. It was invisible to most of the world with exception of what seemed to be an ever expanding group of the damned. It had bothered me since the day I met Jordan. The fact that somehow a piece of his evil jumped into me and left its mark like the devil’s brand was scary enough, but it had never caused me pain before. It was just an eye sore that terrified others like me and always reminded me not only how I failed the love of my life, but just how close I came to losing her. 
Nika looked confused as she asked, “What’s wrong with your hand? You keep rubbing it.” As she stepped closer taking my hand in hers and kissed the knuckles she started to laugh. 
“And what exactly is so funny?” I asked not even sure that I wanted to know the answer.
Smiling she added, “Oh nothing really. It just amuses me that your hands seem softer than mine.”  It was always her way to tease me about how soft my skin was or how sensitive I was compared to the men from her homeland. Hell, she once even told me that I was such a gentleman that she couldn’t imagine making love to me; until I touched and kissed her neck that is. That’s when she forgot that I was a gentleman and saw me as her master. It was a strange sensation at first being raised to respect women, but I had to admit I liked her as an equal by day and well a whore in the bedroom for lack of a better term.  I liked that a lot. 
“It seems to me that they weren’t that soft last night when I was spanking you,” I whispered with a grin. 
Nika kissed me softly lingering just long enough to let the smell of her perfume over take my senses before whispering, “Hush about last night. The children don’t need to hear about the games mom and dad play.” We continued walking towards the river view, very much lost in each other, randomly looking back at the two children who were skipping along behind us. It looked like the perfect life, the perfect couple and perfect family to those around us, but that was about to change. 

It's just you and me tonight, just me and you tonight 
I will meet you in my dreams, it's the place where you still love me 
I don't know why my heart can't let go of you 
It's just you and me tonight, it's me and you tonight 
Your memory still haunts me, my love for you still as strong 
I close my eyes and see you there in that red dress 
Telling me that you want me and need me still 
It's just you and me tonight, it's me and you tonight 
Even though you are gone I see every night 
Our love still shines so bright 
It's just you and me tonight 

The love felt by the love song tasted like candy as it filled my ears. The words weren't meant to entertain the world, but a man's broken heart calling to the one he loved. The sadness in his voice echoed through the air and, even now, I could sense parts that were meant to touched her heart. Nika snuggled in a little closer. “Such a sad song, do you think it’s meant to win back a lost love or just to entertain the masses?”






Chapter thirteen
Nika

I was flipping through my collection of erotic pictures. It was like a collage of my life starting from my 18th birthday all the way until today. Time might have changed my body from slim and firm to slightly more, but I was still a sexy attractive woman. The way Rhett looked at me with those warm piercing eyes that cried out ‘I want you,’ told me a few extra pounds here and there only made me more desirable. Yes, I was a lucky woman in many ways. A lady by day and a whore when the lights went out. Rhett seemed to find a new twisted way to use my body without making it feel cheap. That was the secret. The thrill of giving my man total control yet having the security of knowing his love for me was so strong that he would never truly hurt me. Pleasure and pain were always connected for me, but Rhett’s gentle nature never allowed him to take it too far. He tried to be more sometimes, but never could. It was another blessing in my life. A man that only saw me no matter how many other women were around and he never took our sexual adventures too far. I didn’t need a safe word because Rhett’s heart whispered,‘I love you’ and I was always safe. Safety was never a question with him because I was always safe under his hands.
I went back to flipping through my pictures one by one. I never really understood why, but only that seeing my younger self posing naked excited me. These were more than just memories of me losing my innocence captured on film, it was my journey into allowing my domination being recorded for all time. Knowing that time might steal my youth and beauty like a tornado whipping through a trailer park, but my beauty would never truly die. I smiled as the thought that someday strangers would somehow stumble across my erotic poses and seeing them for what they truly were. One woman’s journey into being totally dominated. That idea turned me on most of all. Strangers getting excited staring at my naked body never truly understanding who was on the other side of the camera. 
From my desk I peered through the little hallway with the weathered hardwood floors and scuffed up wide baseboards and saw Rhett struggling in the back yard. It was our morning routine. He worked out twice a day to keep in shape trying to match my youthfulness while I sat here lusting over him. Time might have stolen a lot from him, but he still defied it like it was an enemy. It was a wonderful thing watching him struggle to move those forty pound dumbbells over his head knowing that his motivation was the fact he wanted a few more years to love me. When we first met he asked me to love him for thirty years saying that after that he’d be too old to remember his own name, but he’d never forget mine. That’s when he started exercising twice a day. He asked for thirty years and as far as I could tell he was going to collect every second of it. It was flattering to see the object of all my desires battling time itself to be with me. Struggling against the circle of life to take me. I watched his trembling arms and heard faint groans as he lifted those weights over his head winning this short lived victory only to start the war all over again. 
I turned back to my pictures and clicked on a folder named “Naughty head shots.” Scanning the contents, I wanted to pick the perfect one for my new cover photo. I needed one that would grab attention and get likes, but that would not embarrass or upset Rhett. It was tricky business feeding my need for praise yet not start one of Rhett's uncontrollable jealous rages. Finally, I found the one that I wanted. It was one of those sexy snap shots that only showed from my shoulders up, but I knew that men always tried to imagine what was just out if view. I liked the way my eyes were filled with mystery and the way my shoulders stood out, yet no cleavage was displayed. It was the way my body's curves slowly went all the way down. It was a clever way to keep my admirers checking out my profile yet still respectable enough not to insult Rhett's manhood. Rhett, like most men, could have his pride easily bruised without a single word being spoken.
As I uploaded the picture, immediately three dings sang from my computer speaker. A warm smile filled my face as I started to see the blinking comments. "Hey sexy, nice shoulders," with a happy face. There were always a variety of such comments. 
A louder ringing followed and I immediately clicked on the chat window. I always had secret friends who would text me a flirty inappropriate comment or two. It was harmless at best and not wanting to argue, I never mentioned them to Rhett. The message opened and the comment read, "I missed you my little whore."
Staring out the window I saw Rhett still pounding away with his dumbbells. Being called a whore by your husband and lover was a turn on, but anybody else was just an insult. "Did you miss your master little whore?"
I clicked the profile to see who would dare send such a message, but to my surprise there was no information. The profile read, "This profile has been deleted. Information on this profile is unavailable." How was it possible that this unnamed stranger was even able to send me a message? There was no way to block him and I didn't want to indulge him. 
"Come on little whore, answer your true master." The words typing danced across the screen as I waited certain thatI didn't want to see the next message. I felt tense as I waited for the next sentence to be displayed. What was I going to do? I couldn't block him because he didn't exactly exist as far as the site was concerned, I couldn't tell Rhett because that would bring a whole new argument and despite what people think it's hard to ignore a flashing blue light indicating that there was a message waiting.   "Did you miss me little whore? It's been so long since you begged your master for more." 
The person on the other end of the conversation treated me too familiar to be just a common freak. No he acted like a former lover, but none of my former lovers would treat me like this and even though most of them were secretly on my friends list, we rarely spoke. One by one I scrolled though the list of former lovers, but none were online. Not none of my exes would call me a whore or slut except in the bedroom. I flipped through the memories one by one reviewing the endless nights I had spent with them. The only man I had ever called master was Rhett. The only man to touch me in a decade was the man I loved and married.
Rapidly my fingers tapped on the keyboard, “I am a happily married woman so please don’t talk to me again.” In my mind I was screaming,‘fuck off you bastard,’ but I wasn’t the aggressive type. Well not outside the bedroom that is. “I am sure my husband wouldn’t appreciate you talking to me like this.” 
A smiley face popped on the screen. “Oh I know English won’t like your true master returning, but you belong to me. I own your soul little whore and I am coming to collect.” 
“I am sure my husband will have another opinion about that,” I responded as my fingers pounded onto the keys. Oh the nerve of this stranger made me so angry that my arms trembled. “My husband is a real gentleman and you don’t want him to feel like he needs to defend my honor.” With that I closed the browser and slammed my hand on the desk in frustration. Whoever it was, I never wanted to speak to him again. 
I was turning to walk away when a loud crackling from the speakers caught my attention. “So you like to be spanked,” a loud coarse voice bellowed followed by the loud snap of leather as an image started to form on the screen. 
There was a naked woman bent over on the bed, but I couldn’t see the face. Soft looking silky skin that had curves in all the right places I thought. Normally I would take the time enjoy the well-groomed naked female form. I would let my imagination drift to thoughts of slowly touching the smooth surface of the female form. Feeling my fingers running along her neck enjoying the sensation of touching her knowing that it always leads to sweet kisses and more. There was something seductive about the touch, smell and taste of another woman that made my body quiver. Visions of touching and kissing her in all the right places were slowly invading my mind when I heard, “Oh yes master I have been a very bad girl.” My legs went weak as I realized that the naked female form was me. There was something terrifying in those eyes that were staring back me. There was an emptiness in them and it felt like they were staring into my very soul. 
It was one of those strange moments when my mind told me that despite this seeming familiar to me, such a thing never happened. That despite the fact my whole body was already beginning to tighten so much that until it felt like an elastic stretched so thin it was about to break. The hairs on the back of my neck were standing on end and despite my best efforts to control it, I couldn’t stop my body from twitching. I didn’t even understand it, but just watching the seen unfold caused my stomach to twist and knot like an old rag being put through the ringer, but it did. My whole body cried out like it was about to relive a nightmare. A nightmare that I couldn’t remember, but something told me if it surfaced it was something that I’d never forget. 
The figure had an evil look about him. It wasn’t just the way he seemed to stare out of the computer screen right at me, but there was something about his smile like he knew I was watching him and truly enjoyed it. My body shivered as a loud slap across the bare ass of the version of me on video echoed and left a bright red mark where his hand connected. A stream of tears rolled down her cheeks as he snarled “And what should a true master do to a bad girl?”
To my utter surprise and shame I heard the words, “Master should beat her until she bleeds,” slipped out of her lips. Uncontrollable streams of tears flowed like a river as she repeated, “My master should beat his whore so hard that she never forgets.”
Before I could even begin to register what was truly happening, the monster winked at me grabbing hold of her hair smashing it into the mattress. He snarled, “Head down and ass up,” then started beating her ruthlessly again and again. All the time the version of me on the screen was begging him to strike her skin even harder as the force broke through her flesh.
I knew that it couldn't be real because if it was I would be covered scars, yet each time the monster slashed the copy of me on the computer screen with that long thick leather my body burned. "Please master do what you want with your whore." That's exactly what the figure did. 
With each strike of the leather strap my flesh burned like it was remembering this event from the past yet unbelievably I could hear my own voice pleading for more. It was like my darkest desires and worst nightmares had been recorded and I was being forced to witness it. 
My legs stared trembling as the pain shot through my body like lightning drilling underneath my flesh. Screaming for Rhett, I felt my legs crumble and my body striking the floor. "Rhett help me! Please help me!" 
The man in the video looked down at me smiling. "You are my whore and soon you will beg me to beat you again." That grin that filled his face was just as terrifying as the strikes that seemed to be transferring pain from the figure online to my body. Still crying in agony I looked down and saw blood running down my back and continued down my legs. My whole body was shaking uncontrollably as the waves of pain kept coming over and over. My mind told me to fight it yet, my body told me this wasn't a nightmare that it was very real.



Chapter fourteen
Rhett

My shoulders tingled and my arms ached as I forced myself to lift the dumbbells up towards the heavens one more time. I actually thought that after so many years of constant work outs that it would get easier, but it didn't and I couldn't stop. No I wouldn't allow myself that comfort because one way or another I was going straight to hell and eventually would be forced to face my demon. One way or another our fates would bring us together for one last all-out battle. With that thought firmly embedded in my mind, I grunted and groaned as I forced my shaky arms to push upward one last time. 
Grabbing a slightly lighter weight I gasped "One" then reached upwards knowing that I had twelve more to go. Clenching my teeth, I forced the word, "Two," out as I followed through again. I was in the shape of my life, but I still feared it would never be quite enough. That I would never be quite strong enough to face my demon, let alone conquer him. The thought ignorance is bliss kept dancing through my mind as I tried to force the weights up one more time. I had thought one of my kind must have coined that phrase. One of the damned who realized that knowing when and how you were going to die was like being trapped in a nightmare of your own design. Hell wasn't just an underground place, but it also lived inside your head always reminding you that the end was coming.
"She's mine! She's mine!" that unforgettable voice screamed inside my head. "She's the last one I need to complete my collection," my memory taunted me again. I yanked hold of the fifty-pound weight and started pumping them upwards over and over as the rage started growing inside me like a disease.   
I was gasping for air, but I kept up the furious pace trying to force away the memory of the only real failure that haunted me. I could feel the sweet running down my face and the salty taste of hatred burning my mouth. 
The voice laughed and growled tauntingly, "Keep it up Englishman. She's mine and I am coming to collect. Coming to get what's owed to me. Do you hear me? She's mine!”
"No she's not. I won her heart and love," I bellowed as I forced the weights over myhead. "She's mine." Of course I'd been having this same argument with the voice in my head for too long now, but it made me stronger and I needed to be stronger. 
"You didn't win her love, you rented it," and the laughter continued. "Your lease is almost up Englishman and now I am back to gets what's mine."  
I knew that I was arguing with a ghost in my heart, but I couldn’t help myself. The words spilled that night so long ago had never left me, but this was the first time they had drifted from the original text. As I struggled to force my shaky arms over my head I wondered if this was a result of years of internal turmoil or whether the closer I came to the deadline, the more unstable my mind became. “You lost her and she is out of your reach,” I pushed out through my clenched teeth. 
As I silently fought with the voice that lingered inside my head a relentless burning started across my knuckles. I could feel the letters in the word "Hate" growing hotter and hotter yet despite the pain, I refused to stop. It seemed strange that suddenly after all this time it started to react. The voice laughed as it whispered, "1209600 seconds and I take what's mine. Tick. Tick. I can feel the panic inside you setting in. Yes, soon you will know how I felt the day that she was stolen from me. Soon me and her will finish what we started." 
I heard Nika's terrified scream bursting out of the house. "Rhett it hurts. Rhett help me. He's hurting me, Rhett please help me." My heart pounded as I dropped the weights and rushed into the house prepared for anything, but fearing the worst. I snapped the door open and charged towards Nika's who's terror seemed to be getting louder and louder by the minute.
I stumbled through the hallway and realized that Nika’s cries had stopped and that’s when the panic truly set it. A hundred possible scenarios ran through my mind at that moment and not one of them had a happy ending.  Panic made people clumsy and stupid and I wasn’t any different. As I went along I grabbed the closest object that I could find which happened to be a long brown handled umbrella made from flimsy aluminum and cheap plastic. If it wasn’t for the sheer terror of Nika’s screams followed by her deafening silence I might have thought to grab the baseball bat cleverly tucked away in the back of the front closet, but my mind was stuck on one thing. Help Nika. 
As I turned the corner smashing myself into the wall with so much force that my side went numb, then my heart shattered. At first I just stood there like an idiot staring down at her trembling body. Nika was rolled up like a tightly wound ball with her drenched clothes sticking to her trembling body. I hadn’t seen Nika look so helpless since that night so long ago. I rushed right into the room and dropped down swooping her up in my arms like a knight from one of those cheap romance movies. As I pulled her in close I could feel her heart racing inside her chest.  Her whole body was trembling with so much force that I struggled to try and calm her, constantly whispering, “I am here baby. You are always safe in my arms,” and the only thing that Nika could do between the blur of pain was grab hold and never let go. 
I wasn’t sure how long she just lay there staring up at me as I held her, but it felt like forever. I wanted to call for help, but Nika refused and just stared at me with guilt filled eyes. It was that look that scared me more than anything. Yes, the thought that it was Jordan or the soul collector kept bouncing inside my thoughts like one of those fast paced bouncy balls that we used to hit with baseball bats to watch them zoom into the sky until they faded out of sight. That didn’t explain why she looked guilty.  That was the most terrifying part. The why that she refused to answer. What scared me the most was that she refused help or what had she done that was so bad shame was painted in her eyes. Holding her tight I decided to bid my time and try and pull the details out at a later time.
Nika was still shaking and it looked like nothing she could do would stop it. I wiped the tears from her eyes and she smiled. She always said that the most soothing thing in the world was my touch. I was trying to whisper calming words or at least trying to release the fear in her, but her mind and gaze went to thecomputer screen.  
My stomach tightened and twisted until I thought that my insides were about to burst. Nika was hanging on so tightly like this was going to be the last time I ever got to hold her and I knew that soon enough it would end. Through the thin damp lingerie type night gown, I could see the scars on her lower back glowing bright red like it was the day that they happened. They might be hidden from Nika and the world, but I knew that they were there. They didn’t make me love her less, but they added to my guilt and insecurity. They were a constant reminder of just how weak I was and how when she needed me most that I had failed her.
The flashing blue box on the computer screen caught my attention and then my heart broke. A personal moment that I thought was meant for me was corrupted. I held the love of my life in my arms and nothing in the world could change that, but suddenly I felt a little less loved. A simple picture taken that wasn’t exactly X-rated, but still erotic was sent to me. Just a simple selfie displaying a sexy kiss and shoulders, but it was sent to me and I thought that it was only for me.  It was a few years old, but I still kept it hidden from the world and randomly I would gaze at it and it always made me so excited to call Nika my own. Now though it was a portrait added to her social media profile and no matter what happened it would always be there for the world to see. It wasn’t a personal moment shared between lovers, but just a cheap attempt to grab other men’s attention. My heart pumped harder and harder as I tried to calm himself. Nika needed me so I couldn’t allow my heart break to climb to the surface. Trembling inside, this was the first time that I had ever asked myself if Nika’s love was worth the price I paid? Was her love so precious that I traded paradise just to see the betrayal now?
A voice that I hadn’t heard for almost a decade whispered, “I showed you this day so long ago yet, you chose this path. I offered you your decade of true happiness Rhett, but you refused my advice and took a different path.” Laughing he added, “This day will be the one that you remember child. The one that you will carry with you as I drag you down. This is the moment we both knew that you would face. Shelly would be here with you right now thankful for your sacrifice, but now you see the error in your choice.”  

Chapter fifteen
Nika

I watched them playing in the back yard. It was the ideal scene I thought as I sat there sipping my tea. I couldn't have dreamed a more ideal family moment shared between a father and his sons. Rhett adored the kids more than I ever could have imagined. He always joked that on his best friends list I was number one and the boys were tied at number two. Even through the thick colored glass of the painted window, I could hear the squeal of laughter as he chased the boys around the back yard. Since the day they were born he acted like every day he had with them was a blessing and wanted to savor every minute.
Today though things were different. Rhett was following through the motions, but he had lost the sparkle from his eyes. A forced smile filled his face, but there wasn't any warmth in it. It was like he was being consumed by a dark cloud from the inside out and the only thing that I could think of was that he knew what had really happened this morning.
The doctor told us that it was Fibromyalgia, but he would have said anything I asked him too. Rhett commented that he's never heard of Fibromyalgia having symptoms like that, but he didn't argue the point. The baby faced doctor was fresh out of medical school and a man child who seemed to immediately desire me. No it wasn't exactly professional to flirt with your patients and a few times he cupped a feel of my breast, but it was more or less just meaningless flirting. It was that flirting that made young doctor baby face say exactly what I wanted him to say to Rhett today and he made that lie believable. He wasn't like most people who would shift side to side or stare down when they lied. No doctor baby smiled with confidence when he lied. Not exactly a respectable quality, but it worked in my favor today. I didn't know why, but I didn't consider it an abuse of power like most people would. It made him feel powerful like he was totally in control and it made me feel attractive.
Tapping my fingers on the counter top, I let my mind drift into the hollow rhythm of it pondering what I was going to do. What would Rhett say if he knew what really happened? That video wasn't real, but it looked real and the screams of passion sounded like me.  It was a strange sensation hearing your own screams of passion. At first the abuse I saw inflected on the screen terrified me like I was staring in a real life horror movie, but the more I thought about it, the more I found myself becoming excited. It was like being forced to submit completely to the mysterious figure. Not just submit, but to be taken completely by force. I was still staring at Rhett wishing he would come in and take me forcefully as I pondered these events. Stressful days like this made me excited and seeing Rhett's ever expanding biceps always made me want him with my entire soul. Obviously the video on the computer screen had been fake, but seeing it made me want it. The problem was Rhett was too gentle and even though I adored him completely the utter savage control of it made me crave that type of attention.
I hadn't touched the computer all day. It was the first time in years that I hadn't logged on at least once during the day. It wasn't the fear of what the mysterious stranger might say or show me, but Rhett's reaction to it. As Rhett always said, "Yes other men will find you attractive and you can't control that, but your reaction is what I care about." This he could care about a lot. So much that it might destroy everything we had built right to its very foundation. He once told me that he couldn't fight every man that wanted me, but I was usually responsible for putting myself in these situations. This time though I think he was only half right. I didn't make that video, but the pictures I posted caught someone's attention. The wrong someone.
That was the last thought I had before falling asleep watching my family through the window. Maybe that's what called them to me or maybe they had always been there hiding in the shadows of my heart, but either way I found myself standing naked in that cheap room where we spent our first night together. It was the very room where I made love to Rhett for the very first time and even though I had told him many times before that I loved him this was the very place that it came true. Of course that was the night Rhett became a hero, but he never talked about it. Despite all the headlines he hated the fame and the only thing he ever seemed to truly want was me. Not just wild sex, but my emotions too.
I found myself dreaming of an old abandoned room. You know the kind where nightmares hide and grow up in. Cobwebs hung from the doorways and the only thing left remaining of the curtains that once dangled gracefully in those double wide patio doors where shreds of string like threads. A damp gloomy smell seemed to leave a haunting aftertaste in my mouth which just wouldn't go away. It reminded me of the old cellar of my grandma's house just after the spring floods. Even after the water left, the stones were covered in black and there was this lingering odor that never truly went away. As I stood there scanning the room I was lost at which direction to go and what to do. The musty carpet under my bare feet sent chills quietly climbing up my legs as the faded paint on the walls seemed to fill me with an empty longing. In the dust covered mirror my naked body looked twisted and was covered in scars. Scars on men might be sexy, but not on me. Not this many long predominant ones. It looked nothing like the curved big breasted frame that I admired daily and Rhett craved so much. No the image reflected back at me was branded and broken. This had to be an illusion of an over active mind and my all-consuming guilt, I thought as I struggled looking at my body. I needed to reassure myself that I was still an attractive desirable woman. Running my hands down across my bare skin it didn't feel the way I expected it to. No not at all. Instead of smooth soft to the touch skin that reminded me of silk it was rough like side walk cement with long grooves that seemed to run straight down. I was twisting my neck trying to get a better view when a voice mumbled, "You don't want to see that. Not really since it looks much worse than it feels."
I wasn't sure what I should do as I instinctively tried to cover my naked body, but it wasn't really like me. No I wasn't shy and had always been proud of my body. It wasn't always how it looked, but what you did with it and I had always done a lot. Too much to be exact, but I was trying to cover myself like I was ashamed to be seen naked. Scanning the room, I couldn't find anyone there. Damned if my dream wasn't haunted I thought as I walked towards the patio doors.
"I wouldn't look out there either if I were you. Something's once you see them you can never undo it and trust me you don't ever want to see what's out there."
Still scanning the room searching for the owner of the course whisper of a voice, I thought to myself, "This is a damn nightmare."
The voice whimpered out a laugh, "If it's a nightmare, it's not yours. Well partly, but not really." I was still trying to place where the voice was coming from but couldn't. I reached for the door knob when the voice screamed, "You really don't want to see what's out there."
Still trying to find the voices source without any luck, in frustration I barked, "Where are you?" Ghost or not in this nightmare I want to see who I am talking to. "Why don't I want to see what's on the other side of that door"
"Because everything that concerns you is on this side of the door."
I hated indirect answers as much as I hated boring sex. "What concerns me?"
"The demon that whispers in your ear. The one that marked you and claimed you as his own. He will be coming for you now."
Still scanning the room, I bellowed, "Who are you?"
The voice responded, "I am a slave to his passions. The one he was given to replace you. To live your fantasies, but I wasn't enough. I couldn't fulfill his fantasies so I am trapped here until you fulfill your destiny." Screaming out the voice bellowed in such agony, "You must fulfill your destiny."
"What destiny? I live the life that I was meant to live!"
A cool chill seemed to run along my spine as the voice whispered, "No I am trapped living your horror. Forced to repeat the steps that you were supposed to take. I live the horrors that were meant for you again and again." Ghost or not the womanwas weeping and sounded like she was in pain. Consumed by it and my heart wept for her. There was something in her voice that made me want to reach out to her.
"I am living the life I was meant to live," I said. "My life is my family. Loving my husband, a truly great man and my kids. That's my life."
"No that life was meant for another Nika. That life isn't yours to live. You were meant to die! You were meant to face the horrors that I endure. The life that I am forced to face."
An image appeared across the room from me. She wasn’t exactly a ghost, but not truly alive either. I jumped back and screamed when she first appeared before me. She looked like a witch. The kind that my mother used to tell me stories about as a child. Long tangled grey hair that looked like string and fell to the floor. Wrinkled grey aged skin that seemed to have tears and rips all over it. pointing her crooked finger at me revealing the word “Popular” across the knuckles she snarled, “I was forced to take your place, but he didn’t like me. He punished me for not being like you.” Crying she squealed, “He hurt me for not being you!”
"Who hurt you?" I asked trying to understand how I could possibly be responsible for any of this. It didn’t make any sense to me how I was even involved in this. I didn't know this woman.
A chill ran through my whole body as she whispered, "This is where he will bring you. Soon my prison will be yours," as she hobbled towards me. Her hands trembled as she moved and scar after scar was painted everywhere. "This is where he will play his games and have his way with you until all that is left is," pointing at her twisted reflection. “He will steal your beauty.” Lifting her hand she revealed that one index finger was missing. "In life he steals a trophy. Here he steals it every day and the next morning he returns to start the games all over again."
"Who?"
"Your Soul mate Nika. The darkest parts of you are alive inside him and he wants you to share every painful pleasure that you have always dreamed of. The one that has been drawn to you since you were a foolish little girl."
"I married my soul mate."
"No Nika you were purchased by your husband and the price was steep. All that I know is you pay a steep price. I paid a steep price just to call you my friend, Rhett will pay his price for your love and of course Jordan paid one to call you his soul mate. We all paid a price and soon you will pay the price. Soon you will understand my pain."
As she stepped closer I realized that it was Marianna. The friend that I adored one minute and hadn't thought about since she died. I truly don't know why since I am a loyal friend and companion, but I didn't miss her. There were many memories I had that she was in, but the fondest moments from them didn't involve her. Somehow she was always off to the side in the midst of the crowd and not directly involved in my moments.
Her eyes were cold as she clenched her fists and stepped towards me. "All the answers are in here because this is the place, but you were meant to fulfill your destiny Nika. I wasn't supposed to be here!" Suddenly she was standing right in front of me wrapping her freezing hands around my neck. As her hands wrapped around my neck and she applied pressure this burning started and I couldn't breathe. "You caused so much agony for me!"
I was trying to pry her hands from my neck, but it seemed like there was no way to grasp hold of them. I could feel the pressure as she squeezed tighter and even felt the tips of her claw like finger nails digging into my flesh, but each time I tried to grab hold to yank them away, I only felt my own skin. I swung my fists at her head desperately trying to break free, but to my shock and terror I was just striking air. She screamed, "Everything you need is on this side of the door because you need to take your rightful place and set me free." I was choking helplessly trying to escape her grasp knowing that with each second that passed I was getting weaker. She screamed, "It's time to fulfill your destiny Nika. To pay your debts," as she tore away more of the flesh and stole more life from inside me. 













Chapter sixteen
The Collector

The greatest villains like heroes aren't born, but are shaped and twisted like clay in a child's hands. I am like a talent agent for the worst of them. All it takes is a dream and I can recruit them. Any dream at all really and I can make a deal. A killer wants to be a monster, a lonely heart wants to be loved and in some cases the sheer act of love turns a man into a hero. Now here is the where the trouble of being a parent. A father. No parent likes to have favorites, but we all do. Jordan was the son every father wants. Confident and determined with a tunnel vision type of stubbornness when it comes to his goals. I have always been proud of him and encouraged him. Now a small twist of fate made the object of obsession unobtainable to my son. Then there is his complete opposite twin Rhett. Through sheer dumb luck he protected Nika with just the stroke of his pen. Sneaky little child, he added her safety and happiness to his contract. Not just to love him eternally but he made her untouchable. Here is where the twist comes comes in. One child won't let go of her and the other can't protector her on his own. So what's a father do? Break a promise to one or break his favorites promise.
Rhett was searching all around trying to determine where he was, but the fog surrounding him was too thick to see more than a few paces in front of him and even if he could, he wouldn’t recognize where he was. Nobody truly understands what’s inside the recesses of their minds when they face it for the first time. “Where am I?” he screamed still twisting and turning. “Is anybody out there?”
“I called you here Rhett. I summoned you.”
He seemed lost and panicked at the same time as I stepped out into the open. He didn’t beg or plead like I expected. Maybe there was more to him that I thought there was, but then again people react to fear differently. Some cry and try to run while others are defiant until they are broken. “It’s not my time yet. I still have some time left,” he snapped. “Our deal said ten years and I won’t take a day less.”
He was too stiff and ridged. Not defiantly stiff, but a man trying to hide his fear thinking that I couldn’t sense it. As if I could lay claim to his soul yet and not feel his emotions. “I don’t break my deals mortal. That is why I am here.”
He was still trying to see through the mist that rolled around us constantly searching for something. “Then why are you here?”
“I need you to help me. I need you to be the hero in this chapter of my story.”
Each step I took towards him increased the tension in his muscles until I was certain that his tendons were going to snap. "I am offering you a starring role in the story of my life. It's as old as life itself." 
"I am not the hero you want. I just want to spend my last days loving my family and making love to my wife." 
"So does another, only his love is built on a foundation of pain and blood." He seemed confused as those words swirled around inside his mind. He knew who I was talking about, he just refused to believe it. "Yes, it is true. Jordan wants her so bad he broke his contract and nobody brakes their contract with me. Not even kings can run from me." 
"He's dead. I saw you throw him over the edge of the balcony and plummet to his death," nervously he muttered as he bounced from side to side. “I thought once you claimed a soul it was owned.”
Rhett wasn't a fool that was for sure. He was looking for an answer to his own problem. Searching for something that might help him escape my clutches, but such a thing doesn't exist. Not for him at least. "Jordan hasn't escaped me, he just broke away from my side and so far, has evaded me." He was silent. From my observations of him as he lived his life it wasn’t uncharacteristic of him, but the fear inside him glowed. “So he has contacted you.”
“No I just haven’t forgotten him.”
I laughed at the idea. “No I assume that you haven’t forgotten your meeting with him and you won’t forget your next meeting either.” 
“What meeting?” he exclaimed. 
I opened my arms trying to calm him. “Unless you help me recapture my lost apprentice he will come for your sweet Nika. He will take her and claim her.” 
Pointing at me, Rhett snapped, “He can’t, her safety is well defined in my contact. It was part of the cost for my soul.” He was so angry that my marks on his hands began to glow. I couldn’t help, but beam with pride thinking that the anger in him might have matured enough to help him defend his love if he had to. I was a proud father to see my child turn into a man. The kind of man that I was proud of, but I couldn’t let sentimental attachment take over. I couldn’t let him feel like I cared about his well-being. 
"I don't break deals foolish human," I screamed as the ground beneath us shook. "I offered you something in return and you excepted it so I will honor my side and force you to honor yours." 
He surprised me as he snapped back, "I never tried to break my deal. You have a responsibility to protect her like a daughter." He was clenching his fists and looked like he was prepared to fight me, but his true battle hadn't even started yet.
 "If you don't help me he will come after her and when he does I will save her, but she won't ever be the same. I can wipe her memory but I can't clean his darkness from her soul." 
"How can I stop him if you can't stop him? I am just a man. Just flesh and bone." 
My hand snapped out clamping around his neck, "Let me give you the strength to defeat him. Let me claim what I already own and when the time is right, I will reclaim him." 
He screamed, "And I lose my final days. My last heart beats shared with my family."
“Let me show you what he will do if you don’t assist me in capturing my lost son.”



























Chapter SEVENTEEN
Rhett

The house felt unseasonably cold as I walked around. Actually it had this strange dark and gloomy feel to it, it was even stranger because our house always felt warm and inviting. It was part of the charm to the place. From the first day I stepped through the door it just felt like home. I found Nika rubbing her neck shivering drinking a cup of tea. At first it looked like it was cold enough to see her breathe, but that was just ridiculous so I shrugged it off thinking that it had to be the steam from her cup, but my breathe looked like a cloud rising upward with each breath I took. "Nika you should turn the damn AC off its freezing in here," I said walking towards the thermostat.
"It's not on," she responded. "I am not the heat factory in our bed that's always been you so I didn’t need it on."
I slipped through the little hall way into the living room and was shocked to find that she was right, the central air was off and the reported temperature was 20 Celsius which was more the warm enough. Tapping the digital thermostat, I responded, "There must be something wrong in there because the living room feels warm and even I was cold in there." I walked back to the kitchen and was surprised to find that the chill was no longer there yet, Nika was still rubbing her neck, shivering. "You fell asleep again," I said as I walked over. "Kink in your neck?"
Still rubbing her neck her face had this sickly look on it, "Yes I fell asleep, but I think I am coming down with something. I feel stiff and sore and lately I have the strangest dreams." I placed my hand on her neck and slowly started to rub it. It felt hot to the touch and her whole body stiffened. "Oh stop that please. It's only making things worse." Swatting my hands, she screamed, "Please stop it feel like my neck is in fire."
I didn't know what to say. Her neck was a mixture of blacks and blues and it looked like somebody had been choking the hell out of her. I wasn't exactly paying attention when I started to massage it, but if I did, I certainly wouldn't have touched her. I would have run her ass to the doctors. "What the Hell did you do to yourself?"
"Nothing I was just watching you and the boys and fell asleep. I woke up and my neck burned like it was on fire." She was still rubbing her neck and added, "And freezing. Can you get me the blanket from the other room?"
"I think we should take you to get checked out, your neck looks very painful."
"No I am sure it's just the effects of the Fibromyalgia." I don't know a lot of Fibromyalgia or most other diseases, but it seemed to me that it shouldn't be like this. Sore necks happen, but hand sized bruising like this isn't natural. You don't just wake being covered in bruises unless you are being smacked around and Nika is never smacked around. This just didn't feel right.
Sipping her tea, she added, "If it's not better tomorrow I will go to the doctors. Can you please get me my blanket? I am literally freezing here," as she opened her arms and revealed her nipples poking through her shirt.
I took a quick look to make sure that the boys weren't fighting in the back yard and rushed to get her one of those thick wool type blankets that she loved, but made me itch like hell. Even now just touching it I could feel my skin begin to itch forcing this tingling feeling through my whole body. I was walking towards the doorway when a face flashed in the mirror. I didn't need to take a second look because I recognized that face. It had haunted me for almost a decade and I am sure I would never get it out of my head.
I stepped back and saw only my reflection staring back at me, only it wasn't me, not really. Dark cold eyes filled with an evil scowl were glaring back at me. If there was ever a look of self-hatred consuming a man, that was it. Caked in blood seemed to stream down my cheeks marking a trail where a wound once drained and there was something about the way my eyes were sinking in. The face staring back at me looked like it belonged in a horror movie, not on me. I was caught up in the thought that this is what I was about to become when I felt something cold touch my arm. I whipped around scanning the room, but there was nothing there except this eerie unholy feeling around the room.
I was about to leave as fast as I could when I saw the reflection again. "I am back English and I have to collect what's mine." Laughing he tilted his head back revealing long jagged fang like teeth, "I will have my soul mate and all you can do is watch helplessly English. I am coming."
The room smelt like him and it wasn't anything good. I snapped, "You aren't taking her. I won't let you take her."
Still laughing he taunted, "Tick tock. Tick tock. Your time is running. When the master comes to collect your soul, I am coming to collect hers. Tick tock English. The clock is ticking," he snarled with a cruel grin. "Have you started counting down the seconds yet? You really feel the panic set in when you see the seconds vanishing right in front of you."
I had been counting time for too long now. Minutes and seconds always seemed bigger then hours and of course hours weren't nearly as depressing as counting days. Time was my enemy and now I needed to ensure that Jordan never had the time he wanted. "I don't need to count time. I won and you can't hurt her. You won't ever be able to get your hands on her." That was my deepest hope at least. That the Hell he was going to be trapped in was enough to hold him even though it seemed to me now that there was always a way to escape if you looked hard enough.
His hand shot out like a spear snapping hold of my neck as the loud clanking of shattered glass filled the room. A hail storm of glass arrow heads came driving in my direction, but I was caught up in a struggle to break free from his grasp to block it. "Nobody can stop me from getting my girl English. Nobody." He broke his grip on me and sent me flying back onto the floor forcing the small pieces of glass slicing through my flesh. It was such a sudden collision of fear and pain that my brain didn't even have time to register it. I was laying there trying to catch my breath when he bellowed, "See you soon English. I will see my soul mate even sooner."
"What happened?" Nika bellowed as she ran into the room. Did the kids leave toys scattered around?" She was helping me up with her usual guilt ridden look on her face that always meant in her eyes that anything that went wrong in the house was her fault and directly reflected her as a wife and mother. "I am so sorry darling I should have made them pick up their damns toys."
She was helping me up as I tried to think of an excuse that would remove her guilt and be realistic enough to explain what happened. What was I supposed to say? Baby remember the psycho that took the swan dive from the balcony ten years ago? Well he is back and the minute I die he is coming to get you. "I am fine."
"You are not," she blurted out still pulling me to me feet. "Look at all this blood," she exclaimed as she started lifting my shirt. I could feel her hands running along my back and I expected to roll over screaming in pain, but there was none. Wildly she was running her hands all over, each swipe getting faster and faster. "I can't believe it."
Trying to look behind my back, I twisted around expecting the worst, but whatever it was, I couldn't see it. Scanning the floor, it looked like an absolute battle had taken place. Streaks of blood and little shards of glass were scattered everywhere, but to my shock and surprise I didn't feel any pain. If I wasn't trembling and so damn freaked out it would have felt good. She was almost tearing off my shirt saying, "I can't believe it." Still twisting around, I saw the blood covered shirt that she was holding knowing better then to ask what she was talking about. "Look at this shirt. It's covered in blood, but there is only a small little gash in it. No bigger then two centimeters in length on your back." Staring at the shirt white faced she added, "You lost so much blood from that little wound. I am so sorry I should have made the kids pick up their toys so that you wouldn't have slipped on them. I was careless and stupid."
"Oh stop it," I muttered not wanting to tell her the truth, yet not wanting her to feel guilty. "I was just rushing and slipped. It looks much worse than it is and I am perfectly fine." I was turning around still amazed at how much blood was on the floor and stained into my shirt, yet after the first few seconds they were fading away and then vanished.
"It's not ok, look at the floor! You need to take it easy and let me clean this up before the kids come in," she said as she looked around the room trying to decide where to start in the process of cleaning. She hated a mess and she hated blood so it wasn't very hard to understand the white colour that filled her face. "I must get this cleaned up before the kids come in. Seeing this will be very upsetting to them."
"Seeing this is very upsetting to you."
She was just staring at me then back to my bloody shirt with the pieces of glass still poking through. "You didn't faint!" Still looking at the room she muttered, "When it comes to blood you always faint. Remember when Tyson was born? The minute he came out you were lying on the floor unconscious." Stepping towards the little garbage can she continued, "In the ten years, every time anything involved blood you fainted." Her feet hit a slippery spot and her feet flew right out from under her in mid step. I saw the streak in the pool of blood left behind by her high heels as she tumbled backwards. It always seemed strange how she insisted on wearing the damn things when sneakers always seemed so much more comfortable. She always said that high heels made her ass look better when I always thought that it was the black thong that made it look that way.
I just reached out and caught her. I mean just like you would imagine a hero doing it. Her head was inches from the floor and like a rattle snake striking, I just reached out swooping her up one handed and I didn't even have to strain to do it. Trying to break the tension, I kissed her cheek and whispered, “I knew eventually you would fall for me.” I expected her to laugh or respond with something like ‘I always fall for you,’ but all she did was stare up at me wide eyed with a fear filled face. “Oh come on it was a joke,” I muttered. 
Pushing me out of the living room she commanded, "Go have a shower and get yourself cleaned up." Still pushing me out like a child, she snapped, "Go so I can clean up this mess and check on the kids on your way up." It was pointless to try and argue this and she was right. I didn't want my boys to see me or this mess. Children are strong and fragile at the same time. Strong enough to recover from many things yet, fragile enough to struggle with the scarier parts of life. Hell I struggled with the horrors life offered. "Rhett go and get cleaned up." 
I said, "Yes dear," as I walked towards the back door to check on the boys. Standing at the window I watched our boys tossing a ball around. They were athletic, unlike myself and even though they might not be the best at sports, just like their mother, they wanted to try everything. Unlike me they looked for the challenge and adventure of new things rather than just the dream of success. I watched them for a couple of minutes longer thinking about just how much I was going to miss them. Soon I would miss them all because they were my life. Not just figuratively, but literally my reason to exist.
I was headed up the stairs towards the bathroom when I heard him whispering in my ear. “See Rhett, I protected you like a father protects his favorite son.”
“So now I am the favorite son. It didn’t feel like I was being protected when your other son grabbed hold of me.” The collector might try and tell me that I am his favorite son, but I think in his eyes I was more like the ugly step child. He was obligated to let me live my life right to the last second and not a second longer. It was the same with Nika. He didn’t care if she lived or died, she was just an obligation that he had to fulfill. He wasn’t a creature that knew anything about love or attachment. All he knew was commitment and obligation. 
“Oh now Rhett, cannot pick favorites. Not really. What kind of father would I be?” As I hit the top of the stairs he added, “Today I saved you from the pain, but Jordan will do a lot worse if you come between him and your darling Nika. I can’t always be here. Just remember that.”
I was about to respond when Nika called up, “Rhett who are you talking to?”
“I am just mumbling to myself,” I said as I reached the top of the stairs. It was better that she thought I was mumbling then crazy. Looking over the edge I saw the sadness in her eyes and my heart sank, but it was better than admitting the truth. As I entered the bathroom that was my thought. Protecting Nika and the kids not just from Jordan, but the truth too. My family needed to be protected from the truth as much as anything else. 
I stepped out of the shower feeling fresh and renewed to find something unexpected. I was drying myself off when I noticed the ball that that the kids were playing with. It was like seeing my heart ripped out and left on the counter for me to see. Written on the mirror were the words “Nice Family. Maybe I need to invite the kids to come play too.” With a happy face drawn below it. 


Chapter EIGHTEEN
Nika

Rhett had been quiet since he stormed down the stairs in such a panicked state that I was certain that something was wrong with the kids, but they were perfectly fine. Our oldest son told him that an old friend told him to say, "I am coming to visit English," and seemed to turn his mood even darker. Rhett just stared out the window watching the kids playing. Even though he was right beside me, I had never felt more alone as I did today. 
Our neighborhood was not only comfortable, but perfectly safe. That's why I persuaded him to buy this house. I liked to call it Victorian, but Rhett insisted that it was Gothic. He didn't write romance books anymore, just horror and this house stood in the middle of every book. That was actually the reason I stopped reading them. It's hard to sleep in a bed remembering the images that he described that came to life in my imagination. 
Rhett tried to keep the tension inside himself, but I still felt it. I still knew that there was eruption of emotions inside his soul and there seemed like nothing I could do to stop it. Nothing I could do to calm him when so many times he was able to calm me with just a smile and a kiss. "What are you thinking darling?" I asked running my fingers along his hands. 
He kissed my forehead and responded, "Nothing special baby. I just think it's been a long day."
His face told me that there was a lot more on his mind than he was telling me. It was the look in his eyes that screamed out ‘help me.’ His eyes weren’t cold, but they weren’t filled with love. Not the way that they usually were. “Talk to me darling. Anything that concerns you involves me.” 
“It’s nothing really. Just the word English brought back a lot of memories. Bad memories.” It made sense that anything that brought back the memory of the serial killer Jordan would fill his heart with darkness. Usually he went out to the back yard and pounded on the old cracked leather punching bag for hours, but not today. No, today he just moped around and stared out the window. I guess that we all have our own little dark secrets that haunt us. Mine was a video that I never made, but starred in and a stranger that wanted me for his own. 
Grabbing his hand, I whispered, “And what is it that you always say? Together we can move mountains. We are a team.” I enjoyed reminding him of all those little things that he used to make me feel better on my dark days over the past decade. Kissing him, I whispered, “We are a team and soul mates.”
“You are my one true love and never forget that.” Those words had meaning to him. His love was my constant and looking at him now, I realized that I had made the right choice giving him my heart. He was quiet for the rest of the night. I guess we were both lost in our thoughts. I was caught in my thoughts and fears and I was certain that he was caught in the knowledge of sins that I didn’t want him to know about. I don’t know how he knew, but something told me that he knew. 
I woke up from a dead sleep to a low whisper, "Come to me little whore. Come to me and I will make all your darkest fantasies come true." The voice seemed warm and soothing as he continued, "Your master has returned little whore. Come to your true master." I lifted my head and saw a dim blue light from on the other side of the door. It was the same voice from the video, only this time it wasn't filled with excited cruelty. I looked over and saw Rhett in a deep sleep. He always snored louder on the days when he slept deeply, even though lately he hadn't slept so well. "I need you Nika. You are the last one Nika. You are my true soul mate. My little whore." 
I sat up looking at the little light that was sliding under the door. Common sense told me to wake Rhett and have him chase the monsters from our house, but I didn't think that he would be able to find him. I wasn't even sure that I would be able to find him, but something inside me told me that if I could muster the courage to open the door he would be waiting. That was the scary part. What if he was truly waiting for me?
I got out of bed and slowly walked towards the door. Looking back, I could see that Rhett was still asleep and despite not wanting to wake him, a little part of me truly wanted to do it. A small part of me wanted him to stand by my side as I faced my fear even if it meant that I might lose his love and respect because of it. I reached out touching the door knob and it felt cold to the touch. Not freezing, but still colder than it should have been.
I opened the door and the light seemed to be pulling away, summoning me to follow it as it was pulled down the hall. I stepped onto the floor and felt the burning cold under my feet, no one, unless from a cold country could understand that the cold could burn, just as it did now. Yet, I still followed it creeping my way along. The voice whispered, "Good girl. Come to me and you will get your reward. Come to me and you will truly understand that pain can lead to pleasure. Come to me." I wasn't in one of those dazes that you hear about, but I still wanted to face my monster. To show him that I only had one master and he was asleep in the bedroom. I went along the hall way towards the bathroom where the light was coming from. My heart was pounding and my whole body shook with fear, but I kept telling myself that I can do this. Just like any victim, I must face my attacker. I need to prove to myself that I am in control. 
I turned into the bathroom and saw the eerie looking light falling onto the floor from the mirror. It was light blue and twinkled which made it look beautiful, but my hand cramped up as I ran my fingers through it. I can't say that my hand was frozen, only that it would follow my instructions until I pulled it away. “Yes my little whore. Come to me and you will understand the true meaning of control.” If those words had come from Rhett, I certainly would have been excited, but now all I could think of was how much I needed to keep control of my emotions and my body. 
I stepped in front of the mirror placing my hands on the counter top leaning forward to see my stalker, but all I could see was waves of shiny blue flog like mist. I moved closer and saw a figure standing just out of sight so all I could see was the silhouette of an unknown man. I reached out to touch the glass just assure myself that it was just a mirror and an over reactive imagination or a terrible dream. To my relief my hand stopped as it touched the surface. There wasn't any way I was entering his world and that meant that he couldn't come into mine. "So my little girl is trying to enter my prison I see," he said with giant smile as he approached. "I don't want you inside here little one I want to come to you. To share my gift with you out there in your world. To feel your body as I enjoy my time with you." 
This was the first time hearing a man wanted me scared the hell out of me. Most times the idea excites me, but something about him wanting me made my skin crawl. Such a strange feeling to be desired by a man that repulses me. “I am not your little girl.”
Stepping right in front of the mirror he said, “Oh, but you are. I was there, always watching you from the shadows waiting until you were ready.”
Slamming the mirror, I screamed, “Stalking me doesn’t make me yours. It makes you a sick bastard, but it doesn’t make me yours.”
Tapping the inside of the mirror with his finger, he snickered, “Oh, but it does. You are mine and I am yours. If your Rhett hadn’t of come along and stolen you from me, I would have made you famous.” 
Slamming my hand against the mirror, I said, “No I don’t want to be yours or famous. I just want to be left alone to live my life with my family. Do you hear me? Just leave me alone.” It wasn’t until he smiled again that I realized who was chasing me. That evil grin belonged to Jordan, but he was supposed to be dead. He was one of the only men in the whole world that I wanted to die. Such a monster that all I cared about was seeing him dead and knowing that he would stay that way.
He was drawing a circle on the glass. It made a scraping sound as his hand slowly scraped the glass and he said, “You are mine.” Holding his hand over his chest he continued, “We are meant to be together. You are meant to be my little whore while I am meant to be your master. Your only master.” 
“No, not my master you sick son of a bitch. You will never be anything to me, but a bad memory.” 
Laughing he started tapping the surface, “Even the mere fact that you remember me says something about us. You can’t forget me and I can’t forget you. You need me to be remembered.” 
"I don't want to be remembered by the world or you." 
He reached out and touched my cheek. At first I was disgusted by his touch, but slowly it started feeling soothing. Relaxing even. My face tingled as he whispered, "Do you remember my touch? Do you remember me now?" 
Slowly his face was forming in my mind. It was the night Rhett gave me all those roses. There were so many of them that I felt so special. So loved and desired. "No Nika not that memory, think a little bit longer. Look a little deeper in your heart. That’s where you will find me."
A memory slowly started to creep to the surface. It was deep down like a dirty little secret that I wanted to hide, even from myself. So dark and deep that even I had forgotten that it was there. This wasn’t the kind of dream that I expected though, if you can call a memory a dream. “Yes my little whore remember the first time that we met. The first time I saved you from yourself. I was saving you for myself. 
“Mommy,” a voice called to me as I felt something tugging on my leg. “Mommy.” 
Jordan bellowed, “Get away boy I have some history to walk through with your mother.” I was still watching the memory slowly make its way to the future when he screamed, “Get away boy or there will be consequences.”
I heard the words and my mind and heart were screaming don’t you dare talk him that way, but those passionate memories were floating to the top. I was fourteen and so desperate to feel loved that I was about to give into my boyfriend’s advances. He had his hand under my shirt and was kissing my neck whispering, “I want you,” as he continued sliding his hand further under my bra. “You want to make your boyfriend happy don’t you?” 
“Mommy who is the man in the mirror?” my son whispered. “Mommy who is he?”
Jordan screamed, “Get away you little bastard or I will get you too.” 
My heart broke as I heard my son cry yet, I was too entranced to comfort him. A mother should be able to comfort her child when he cries, but I was trapped in reliving a memory that no longer mattered to amuse a man I never wanted to meet. Jordan’s hand was stroking my cheek as he whispered, “Oh my little whore remember the first moment we meant. The first time I saved you. there were others, but for now just remember the first.” 
In the midst of my child's tears I heard the patter of bare feet on the floor and heard Rhett's tired voice call out, "Darcy what's wrong? Why are you crying in the bathroom."
Our son responded, "Daddy there is a monster in the mirror and he is hurting mommy."
Jordan was laughing as I heard Rhett's footsteps grow faster and louder. "Yes Daddy a real monster has mommy and he isn't letting go." 
Rhett screamed, "It's you. You are dead," and I saw movement from behind me and Darcy seemed to weep still. "Go crawl back into bed and mommy will be in to tuck you in shortly." 
Jordan was still stroking my cheek as he whispered, "No she won't. Mommy is going to invite me back into her world so we can play adult games. Mommy wants to play adult games." 
My mind was screaming, "No," but my voice bellowed, "Yes master come and play," 
Jordan started climbing through the mirror and I saw Rhett's arm clamp onto his arm. "Get your hands off of my wife." Rhett started pushing him back trying to force him back through the glass, but Jordan was too strong. Too evil for Rhett to force him out of our world. Cursing Rhett snapped,“go to hell where you belong” as he drove his body at us sending me flying back into the wall as he tried to fight him off. 
It didn't take long for me to come back to my senses even though my head was pounding from hitting the wall. It didn't take much for me to realize that Rhett couldn't win this war. That he wasn't strong enough to defeat the predator trying to enter our life. The evil that was trying to enter our world. I was still feeling dizzy and light headed when Rhett snapped, "Get the boys and get the hell out of here Nika." Jordan had his hand wrapped around Rhett's throat squeezing the life out of him. His face was turning blue from lack of oxygen, but Rhett refused to bend. When it came to family Rhett would never bend or break. "Nika go now," he snapped as he pointed towards the door. "Go now!" 
I jumped up and staggered at first, walking towards the mirror screaming, "Get out of our lives you bastard," as I saw Jordan's other hand smashing through the opening. 
Rhett's eyes were glazing over, looking duller and emptier as time went on. My hand went out to help fight off the attack when Rhett's shot out clamping onto mine. There was so much force that it felt like my arm was on fire, "Don't! Save the kids," he croaked. "Get out of here while you still can." He pushed me back towards the doorway and in a low choking groan croaked, "Go now." 
I ran towards the door heading towards the children's room when I heard Rhett scream, "I accept your deal." A slamming sound followed, "Did you hear me? I accept your offer. Do you hear me? I will give you what you want." 
I heard a loud cracking noise followed by a high pitched scream. I turned and the bathroom was empty. Rhett and the monster that taunted me from my computer were gone leaving only a shattered blood stained mirror behind. Falling to the floor, I cried out for Rhett, but it was too late. Somehow he and my stalker were gone.




Chapter NINETEEN
Jordan

Again I almost had her and he stole her away from me. She was in my grasp and I was minutes away from completing my life's work when he traded everything he possessed to save her and it worked. She was stolen from me at the last second. I heard him screaming, "I accept the deal," which could only mean one thing, he had left early to join us in the forever of the Soul Collectors world. He was offered a better deal, giving him what he wanted. Offered more time to stop me from fulfilling my destiny. My father had chosen a favorite and it wasn't me. 
I heard footsteps coming towards me and my body began to tremble. If I still had a heart beat, I am sure that it would be racing, but luckily I was so much more then human. So much more then even my master had expected. I couldn't see through the mist, but the echo of footsteps was growing louder and it wouldn't be long until they found me. I cried out, "Father is that you? Father I almost had her. I had her in my grasp when your new favorite stole her away from me. Father you betrayed me." 
I was reaching for my knife preparing to defend myself against his punishment when I saw him standing there as a curtain of fog rolled past him. My breath became faster and my chest tightened with the memory of the last time my master punished me. I climbed to my shaky feet, blade in hand, keeping him in sight at all times. I wasn’t going to just lay there and take it like an injured dog this time. I might not be able to kill him, but I would hurt him.  Would hurt him really bad this time. “I have always been loyal to you. You were the one who betrayed me. You chose the new one over me. You betrayed me.”
I was walking towards him thinking that no matter what my master did to me, I would escape any prison he might lock me away in. That even the deepest pits in hell couldn’t hold me. "Talk to me," I screamed. "I will not be ignored." 
Even through the thick fog the glowing red words broke through so bright they looked like they were written in neon. Hate, Murder, Rape, Torture and so many more it reminded me of an elementary school for the wicked. A voice broke the silence, "This prison you won't break out of. This prison is meant for just you and me, only now I have everything I need to hurt you. You won't escape this prison ever and I am going to stop you today, tomorrow and every day after." 
I was backing away realizing just how screwed I was. Inside Rhett's body were thousands of souls that had been collected over the centuries. Each one more horrible then the one before it. "No this can't be my end." Swiping my blade through the air, I screamed, "This isn't fair. I sold my soul to have her." 
"I traded mine to save her," he screamed as he stepped closer. Looking at his arms and chest there were thousands of words written on his whole body. Smiling he added, "And now I have more than enough cruelty to hurt you. We are going to have fun, you and me. We have an eternity to explore your pain tolerance." 
"No this is not fair. She was mine before she was yours. It's not fair." I wanted to run up and start stabbing, but I knew inside him were monsters that were scarier than me. Serial killers. Nazis, warriors and so many more. It was the smile that scared me the most. It might be Rhett's body, but his soul was just one amongst many. A small one hiding in the shadows of monsters. 
"Yes now you get it. Now you realize just how screwed you are." Still smiling a thousand voices smarted mumbling, "We are many and we have been set free with a single purpose in mind." Pointing at me, he had a hatchet in one hand and a hammer in the other. He was slamming them together making a loud high pitched tinging noise. "You like to play Jordan, let’s play our games. We have been waiting to play with you. Waiting centuries to meet you." 
Staring down at the word "Hate" forever written on my hand compared to the thousands written all over his body, for the first time in memory, I was afraid. "You can't do this, we are brothers. We all sold our souls to leave our mark on humanity."  
"No we traded ours for a hundred different reasons, but we aren't brothers. No, only we are one and we want to stop you. To hurt you over and over again. The wants of the many are stronger then the needs of the one." 
"Who are you?" My heart started beating and a chill began growing inside my body. It's been so long since I felt a heartbeat, I started feeling human again. I started feeling as human as I could be again.
Those voices sang out as one, "We are the ripper, the clown, the swamp and the animal. We have eaten our prey and touched the lives of a thousand men and woman. We have tasted blood and drank blood. Soon we will taste more. Soon we will taste yours." 
"You can't do this. I am dead. You can't kill me. I am already dead." 
They just laughed as they added, "And the master brought you back to life in this worldjust enough so we could play our games with you. Don't you want to play with us," as they continued to bang their toys together. 
I charged straight him swinging my knife slicing through the air determined that I would defeat him like every other man I had ever faced. As my blade cut across his chest he just smiled driving the hammer into my hand. The pain was unbearable and the knife flew into the mist, but there wasn't any snapping of bone. I screamed as the pain hit and it was followed by a numbing feeling. I screamed and fell forward feeling his hatchet ripping into my back. I fell to the ground gasping for air as blood dripped from my lips. With my body shaking and pain spiking through me, I grabbed hold of his leg and forced my body forward.  He folded like an accordion and went smashing into the ground. This wasn’t going to be a skilled fight, but a brutish fight with kicking, biting and screaming. I liked all our fights. 
I was turning around preparing to jump onto him and pound the hell out of him when he looked back and smiled before driving his foot into my face. He was laughing as he kicked me repeatedly over and over. As I was covering my face he flipped over and grabbed the hatchet and ripped it out of my back. I was groaning from the pain and my hands trembled. I hadn't ever been on this side of a blade before and it was truly exciting. No wonder so many people had these dark desires. The excitement itself was such a thrilling feeling. I let him drive the hatchet into my back again just so I could feel the pain. So I could understand the gift I gave my victims just a little more. 
I drove my body forward allowing my head to strike into his chest. He fell backwards and the air whistled from his chest. Who knew that a dead man still had air in his chest. I hoped on top of his chest and started driving my fisted into his face over and over watching the blood splatter away from his face with each strike. This isn't so bad, I thought. Not so bad at all. I was stronger than all of them put together and I discovered that I didn't just liking hurting people, I liked to be hurt by them. 
He was laughing madly as my fists connected with his blood covered face. "You will need to do much better than this Jordan. You have an eternity to learn this." His fists came up like a snak striking out and it connected with my left eye, blinding it. He grabbed hold of my shirt and tugged down yanking me towards him. This was followed by a punch smashing my throat in. The cracking sound followed by the pain was such an erotic mixture of different degrees of pleasure. I was struggling to breath gasping for air realizing that I was dying. This wasn’t the way it was supposed to end. No I can’t let it end this way. 
This might be Rhett's body, but it certainly wasn't his soul I was fighting. No there wasn't any remorse or hesitation inside him at all. Whatever the master did to him, it killed the weakness inside him. Perhaps there wasn't anything left of him at all. He dropped the hammer beside him onto the ground and grabbed the side of my head. Snickering he said, "Do you remember that little sweet thing from Romania that you blinded before killing her? The one that you tortured for hours just to fulfill a little fantasy that she had. It was a flicker, but you made it a roaring fire." 
I was trying to bring her image to mind, but somehow I had lost it. Somehow they had removed the images and the memories that I cherished so much. No he couldn't do this. He couldn't have stolen my memories like this. They are mine. I paid a steep price for them. "You can't steal those memories from me. You can't just take them away, they are mine."
He was squeezing my head forcing his thumbs deep into my eye sockets laughing as he went. “We already have taken your memories.” A female voice whispered, “Don’t you remember me. You are experiencing my last memory of you.” 
I screamed out, " No this can't be happening. No! No! This isn't part of my deal," as I realized that they stole my memories from the life I had paid such a steep price for. They took away everything I loved and cherished. I tried to bring their faces to mind, but they were all gone. I had always been able to bring up every intimate detail of my experiments and darkest desires. The smell of them and their touch followed by their mental screams, but now they were all gone. Stolen from me. The master found a new way of to punish and torment me. Leave the desire and knowledge, but steal the details. Those precious details were stolen from me and all I had now was the image of Nika. I now fear it's been stolen too. That the whole of my life's work was stolen and only emptiness had been left behind. So much emptiness. The thing I remember is the feeling of a hammer being driven into my forehead and the loud cracking feeling bouncing around inside my head.
I woke up strapped to a metal table. I had never felt helpless before and can't really say that I liked the feeling. So many times I had watched those helpless victims struggling to break free and I always enjoyed the interaction and the power I felt. I was trying to slip my hands out of the restraints, but obviously those creatures inside Rhett had the knack for making great knots. The blue mist around us was growing darker as it floated by. By the looks of it, I think it would be black as night soon and most people would start to panic, but not me. No this was just theatrics my master had added to amuse himself. It was one of the things I admired about him. His cruel streak was almost as dark as my own.
Scraping two blades together, he smiled, “Have you ever wondered what your victims feel? What your victims truly felt as you made them beg for more even though their minds were screaming please stop. They were pleading for you to stop, but you only took pleasure from their pain and misery.”
A female voice flowed from his lips, “Does my little man whore want to make his master happy?” 
I wanted to reach out and slice the smile off his face, but obviously being bound and tied made that impossible. The words slipped out, “Yes mistress I want to be a very good boy. I want to make you happy.” What the hell was I saying? I didn’t want to make them happy. Whoever the hell inside him that was using my own tricks against me wouldn’t be so happy when I was done with them. 
Smiling he took the blade and slowly started running the blade across my bare chest forcing it deeper and deeper as it went. It stung the deeper it went and I couldn’t believe what I was saying. “Yes do to my body whatever you want to. Hurt me mistress. Do as you please to your man whore.” That’s when he rammed the blade slow and steady into my chest twisting it as dug its way in. My mind was begging for mercy, but my voice whispered, “Please mistress more.” 


Chapter TWENTY
Nika

It had been two days since I saw my stalker in the mirror and Rhett's disappearance. Drug tests were taken trying to explain the unbelievable fairytale like story that I had told and of course the police came to investigate. It didn't look good for us though. Rhett had taken out a giant life insurance policy out on himself before he disappeared and even though the police didn't come out and say it out right, it was implied that it was some kind of insurance fraud. I hated to admit it, but I was starting to wonder what Rhett was doing. It seemed suspicious that on the day my stalker first appeared that was the day Rhett chose to upgrade his life insurance. Even stranger was the fact that I only had a small ten-thousand-dollar insurance policy on me. 
I checked my computer constantly yet there wasn't a trace of his messages let alone any new ones. Whatever Rhett meant when he screamed, "I accept your deal," it seemed to have pulled not only him out of my life, but my stalker as well. It was certainly a mystery, but I don't like mysteries. I never did and don’t think I ever will. 
A local priest named Mike stopped by numerous times always bringinga childlike baby faced man named Nathaniel with him. As skeptical as the priest seemed to be, the younger man seemed to be a true believer. He even went up to the bathroom to investigate even though I, myself barely believed my story. I didn't expect that he would find anything. How could he?Especially when neither the police nor anyone else could. 
"I am sure that he will be located Mrs. Masterson," the chubby priest said as he sipped his tea. He was trying to be helpful, but he couldn't do anything to help. Either I was crazy or there was something dark that my husband traded his life for in order to save me. 
"Father I don't think praying for my husband’s safety will come about just because of prayer." I didn't want to insult him, but I truly didn't think anything would save my husband. Pointing to the young college looking boy I asked, "Why is he so interested in my husband?" 
Leaning forward Mike crossed his hands and said, "I really don't know. He read the newspaper and said that we should come and see if we can help you." 
"And how can you help me?" I said leaning back in my chair. 
"We all need a little faith. I can't hunt your husband down or the man who might have taken him, but I can help you keep your faith. I am here to guide you spiritually." 
The room seem to freeze leaving everyone frozen in time except me. I touched the priests knee and said, "Father Mike are you ok?" But he never responded. The children were still sitting in front of the TV and even the show they were watching seemed to stop. I stood up and looked around the room, but as far as I could see, the world as I knew it just stopped. 
There were footsteps above my head and each one made a creaking noise as they moved along the floor. "Rhett is that you?" I cried out and I made my way to the stairs. I don't know why, but even the way the footsteps sounded, it reminded me of Rhett's. I ran up the stairs as fast as I could, crying out, "Rhett is that you? Are you up there?" But there was no response. I slowly made my way up the stairs following the creaking sound praying that it was Rhett, but dreading it would be Jordan. I just wanted my life back. To wake up every morning with Rhett’s powerful arms wrapped around me, feeling protected and safe. I missed that feeling. 
A hollow thudding sound echoed across the floor and grew louder the higher I went. “Rhett is that you?” I called out. “Darling is that you?” 
At first all I could see was a long wide shadow of a man that reached out to me with what appeared to be long claw like hands. The thudding sound was growing louder and louder as a man dressed in black came towards me. “So you are the one that has brought so much stress to my life. Turning two of my children against each other and causing them both to defy me like spoiled children.” Laughing he reached out wrapping those giant paws around my hand and with a firm grip pulled me upward, “You, like your soul mates, are unknowns in a world where few things can surprise me. There is very little that I can’t foresee yet, your life has been a very expensive part of two deals.” These long fang like teeth shot out as he smiled, “I usually don’t find such expenses as amusing, but you Mrs. Masterson are an oddity. I like oddities and you my dear I need to own.” 
“I don’t want to be owned by any man,” I said as I stared up at him. He stood at least seven feet tall and his skin seemed greyish and reminded me of something dead. He even smelled dead and I definitely had enough monsters wanting for own my ass. “Why do you want to own me? What’s so special about me?”
Tapping his fingers together he said, “That’s it exactly. You are unique unlike any that I have ever met.” Opening his arms widely he snorted, “I don’t know why two of the damned are drawn to you, but they are. That’s what makes you interesting.” Pulling me to the top of the stairs he added, “Usually I don’t search for deals. I am summoned and if I think that the soul is worth dealing for I come, if I don’t think its special or unique, I don’t.” 
“So why are you here with me?” I said as he lead me towards the living room. It seemed strange that I was following him so easily, but it wasn’t forced like Jordan. I wasn’t a puppet on a string, but I was still being lead in that direction. 
“I actually broke every rule coming to you.” Pointing towards the young school boy Nathaniel he smiled, “Even he is an enigma of sorts.” 
“This young man is an enigma?” 
Kneeling he touched the young man’s face, he commented, “Horrible creatures these Barthélémy’s. If you can capture their attention it makes you even more interesting.” 
“What’s so special about them?” 
“Damn witches. I have no real use for witches. The Devil always has his hands in that pot.”
“What does all of this have to do with me?” 
He stood up and led me into the little bathroom, snickering, “That’s why I need to own your soul too.” He touched my cheek and whispered, “I can make you an offer that you can’t refuse.” 
I was raised to be a good Christian. To believe in heaven and hell knowing that the most precious gift I was ever given was my immortal soul. Protecting it was something I had always known was a responsibility and there was nothing this demonic figure could ever offer that would make me trade it or sell it. “There is nothing you can offer that would tempt me to sell you my soul.” 
Laughing he clapped his hands together, “I can’t remember how many times I have heard that exact statement, but in the end everybody signs the deal.” Licking his lips, he added, “Everybody has their price. Popes, Kings and even a few celebrities have signed the dotted line. I don’t think you will be any different once the offer has been made.” 
“I am not a Pope, King or a celebrity.”
Wrapping his hand around my chin it almost covered my whole face. “You can be anything you want to be. For a decade you can have everything.” 
“Once I get my husband back, I will have everything I want.” 
“Now that is one thing I am not prepared to give you Mrs. Masterson.” Waving his finger in the air he snapped, “Rhett has chosen his path. He sacrificed a lot to save you, to save his family and that cannot be undone.” 
"And where is Rhett? What sacrifice did he make for us?" It never occurred to me until now that Rhett had did the unthinkable. That he would ever consider selling his soul to save us. It seemed so unthinkable that he could sell the most valuable part of himself to save us, but that might explain why he changed his life insurance policy. He knew that he was going to die. 
He was leaning on the counter and took his hand and started wiping the mirror. "Come and see where your darling his. Come and see why I can't give you what you ask for." The mirror started to turn blue just like it did when Jordan summoned me to him. This time though it was more like a window then a door. In the distance I could see two figures battling through this red fog. It looked like they were holding weapons of some kind and the screams of pain grew louder and louder. "Do you see why I can't release him? Why I can't give you what you desire." 
That's when I realized that Rhett was swinging a small hatchet as he fought Jordan ruthlessly. There was the loud clinging of metal on metal as the hammer blocked the hatchet and tried to connect with flesh. I never liked violence and seeing my darling husband battling for his life made my whole body tighten. Seeing him battle to save my body and soul filled my heart with guilt. "Why don't you just kill Jordan and let Rhett go free?" 
"Now why would I do that? Your darling husband openly took his place in the battle. He knew what he was doing the day he agreed to this, just like he did the day he traded his soul so long ago to get your love. He blindly added in your safety and happiness not realizing the consequences that it would bring." 
I was still watching Rhett fighting his way through the fog, but I could see the blood dripping to the ground from his wounds. He looked tired and hurt, but he kept battling this monster. His body was covered in tattoos that covered every one of the human emotions that I hated. "Why would he do this?" 
"That's the interesting part. That's what makes you such a mystery. You see Jordan claimed you so long ago, but it wasn't in writing. The only thing that matters is what you see written on paper. Rhett added you and the true price is now being paid." 
Pointing at him, I snapped, "So my loving him is all part of a contract. Some kind of evil love potion." 
"Another mystery." I was still angry at him and Rhett because I truly believed we were soul mates. That out of all the people that make up this world somehow our hearts brought us together. Lifting his finger in the air he said, "Do you still love him?"
I was angry as hell, but yes I still loved him. Not a minute went by that I didn’t think of him. Not a second passed when I didn’t dream of his touch. “Yes I love him, but that’s a result of your magic.” 
"That's the mystery. He had your love and was born to be your soul mate. I didn't see it at the time and I don't even think he knew what he was doing. His deal with me saved you from a horrible death filled will with passion, pain and fear." Raising an eye brow, he placed his hand on my shoulder, "Besides if your love was my true deal then it would have died the day I collected him. You would still have the memories, but the love would vanish." 
Smashing my hands on the mirror I screamed, "Then why bring me here." 
Holding his hands together he said, "How about eternal beauty?" As those words escaped his lips those ugly scars started covering my body until all that was left was ugliness. I wanted to cry seeing how ugly I had become like a science experiment gone horribly wrong. "Rhett's deal hid this from you and the world, but his deal is over. The effects of it is no longer going to protect you."
I couldn’t believe my eyes. Everything I loved about my body was marked and twisted until there wasn’t any beauty left. I closed my eyes trying to push the image from my mind, but it was too late. Somethings you can’t push away once it gets into your mind. This was one of them because it went from a nightmare to reality right before my eyes. “Take it away,” I pleaded. “Just take it away.”































Chapter TWENTY one
Rhett

Irony is having a thousand voices constantly singing inside you and the minute you lose the battle and the torture starts they all go silent leaving you to deal with the misery that ultimately follows. My hell was nothing like I expected it would be. Every day I had to share my body with so many monsters each crazier than the one before and the minute the fight ends badly for us they crawl back down deeper into the depths, hidden from the agony that followed. I guess I was lucky that we won ninety-five percent of the battles. Of course, every day we fought, died and started the battles all over again. It was an endless cycle and the worst part was I knew that on the other side of the mirror that stood in the middle of my hell, I could hear Nika trying to explain to the children that I vanished and the police were looking for me. I knew that they would never find me. Nobody would be able to find me.
“You are going to die English. Every day I win more battles and the number will keep climbing,” Jordan screamed as he chopped into at my chest. Each time he brought the hatchet down it had so much force behind it that it felt like he was hitting my spine. No longer did he use the end of each fight to start torturing me. No, now each battle was just savage and bloody and all we hoped for was a few minutes’  
rest before the next one started.
Jordan was bringing up the hatchet for a final strike which would be right through my head. When he won the battle that was the way he always ended it. A solid strike right between the eyes and I would wake up with him standing over me covered in a few new scars. It didn’t really matter who won though. It was always the same. If I won or if he won, we both knew that it would start all over again only each battle became bloodier then one before it. I am not even sure how long I have been here. No sunshine or moon light to distinguish days and nights, just endless fighting. That is the cycle I was destined to follow.
“Take it away,” Nika pleaded, “Just take it away.”
Jordan stopped in mid stroke as she pleaded for some kind of mercy.  
His head snapped sideways towards the mirror. He dropped the hatchet on the ground beside me and started walking towards the mirror. “Nika.  
“Somebody else is hurting my girl.” He was marching straight towards the mirror. Of course I didn’t think he would be able to escape through it, but I couldn’t chance it. Even the smallest chance that he could get to her was too big a chance.
Nika was still screaming, “Stop this please. Just take it away. I don’t want to see this anymore.” I couldn’t see her, but the sound of her voice told me she was upset, not hurt.
I rolled to my side and tried to force myself back to my feet. My arms trembled as I tried to muster up enough strength to get up. The problem with having a mad man hacking away at your chest is that it steals away your strength. Muscles, like string on a puppet, are required to allow you to move. My strings were snipped away so any movement was a feat in itself. The voices inside my head were whispering, “Kill him,” and trying to take control, but I couldn’t let them. I had to keep fighting even though I had never been able to stop them before. I had to keep control if I was going to stop Jordan.
My arms felt like they were about to crumble out from under me as I finally made my way all the way up to my knees. I was feeling tipsy from the blood loss, but I couldn’t let the weakness inside me win. I couldn’t allow myself to fall when so much was at stake. I coughed and an explosion of blood splattered across the ground. I saw Jordan vanish into a cloud of mist as I sat there gasping for air trying to gather enough strength to chase after him.
It hurt like hell and my arms trembled as I reached for the hatchet, but I was going to need it. One thing hell taught me was that a hatchet in the back of the head brings down any monster even Jordan. I clenched my teeth preparing for the pain that I knew was going to follow as I climbed up to my feet. Trying to stop my body from shaking, I took a few deep breaths and started in the direction I saw Jordan heading off to. It wasn’t exactly like I needed to be a great tracker since he left a giant trail of blood behind him. All I needed to do was keep myself from fainting before I had a chance to drive this damn hatchet into him.
"She is mine master," Jordan screamed smashing his fists against the glass that separated us from the real world. "You can't have my little whore. She's mine!" He kept smashing his fists against the glass cracking it with each strike and leaving a blood smear with each swing. The barrier between our worlds was weakening. The collector had warned me about it, but until now it didn't seem like anything Jordan was concerned with and I knew damn well that if I escaped through it, Jordan would be left here unsupervised. "You can't have her, she's mine I already paid for her. She's mine."
I slowly crept up behind him trying not to allow the panic growing inside to take control. Having your ass kicked ten times a day for what seemed like an eternity teaches you how to control your fear. It forces you to learn how to keep the panic trapped in the pit of your stomach. The glass was starting to shatter and I couldn't allow him to break free. I had to protect Nika. To save her from this life. Save her from this endless hell.
The collector stated, "I can make you pretty again. I can hide those things that make you ugly and I can even fix those things that age has stolen from you. I can give you back your youth. Make you look like you did when you were eighteen. Everything firm and no hideous stretch marks. I can make you beautiful again."
Jordan's anger exploded with each word, "You can't steal her away from me." Smashing the glass, he screamed, "There isn't a deal you can make that will stop me from getting to her." The cracks were getting bigger as his anger increased.
Nika was crying out, "I can't sell you my soul. I know what eternity is and I know what will happen if I do. I won't see my loved ones again. Take the images away, I won't sign away my soul."
The soul collector laughed, "The only way you will ever see your darling husband again is if you make a deal with me. I own him and without a deal from me, you won't feel his touch again."
Nika snapped, "You are a horrible creature, you tricked him into it. He sold his soul for something he already possessed. You tricked him into a deal so that he could keep your pet monster at bay. You are a monster."
I had the hatchet high in the air and was preparing to strike when he flipped around screaming, "He's stealing her away from both of us." He caught me by surprise slicing his knife upward through the air as he charged at me. His blade missed, but his body connected striking me right in the chest driving me backwards. I flew backwards feeling the hard ground smashing into the back of my head. I didn’t have time to register the pain because I knew very well that Jordan’s next move was going to be leaping forward putting all his weight into the blade driving it right through my heart. When you die the same way a thousand times you learn to predict the ending. By now Jordan and I were like experienced dance partners. We could choreograph each other’s moves and reactions.
He was up high and starting his decent when I shifted to the side forcing the hatchet upwards. His weight was already place on the knife handle before he noticed it otherwise he might have noticed my hatchet coming upward, but by the time he realized what was happening, it was too late. As his knife sliced through the muscle and bone my hatchet ripped into his throat and dug into his skull. I was paralyzed from the pain of the knife slicing into my shoulder. They say the more pain you are forced to endure, the greater your tolerance to pain is, but I can tell you that is absolute bullshit. You never get used it. You just learn to endure it a little better.
Jordan mumbled, "Don't let her sign the contract," through a mouth full of blood. Those were the last words he said as his dead body collapsed on top of me.
I just laid there with Jordan's dead body on top of me, trying to gather my strength thankful as Hell that I was able to stop him. I wouldn't have been able to win a drawn out battle of any kind and the voices inside my head wouldn't have been any help. The problem with sharing your body with this many monsters is they either all fight for control or they all go silent. You miss the voices when they go silent and hate them when they are all chattering inside your head.
As I attempted to roll Jordan's lifeless body off of me, I heard the collector chirp, "So do we have a deal Nika? You can have everything you ever wanted. I can make you the most desired woman in the world."
I finally escaped from under Jordan and forced myself up desperately trying to get to Nika before she signed the contract. Before she made the same mistake that I did. She didn't have to make a deal with evil to be beautiful, she just needed to smile. I screamed, "Nika don't do it," as I ran towards the mirror. Through the cracked glass I could still see the sadness and desperation in her eyes. I kept screaming, "Don't sign away forever baby. Don't join me in hell when heaven is waiting for you."
I was running towards the mirror hatchet in hand as Nika whined, "Take it away. I don't want to see the hideous creature staring back at me from the mirror. Please just take it away." It was that little frightened girl tone in her voice that scared me. Desperate people make desperate choices that they always regret.  That was how the collector worked. Find that one vulnerability and exploit it like a general at war. Nika's vulnerable point was her looks. When a woman wakes up two hours earlier than anyone else just to put on makeup and choose the right dress that is the place you start.
Screaming, "Don't do it Nika," as I ran towards them I could see him smiling as he stared in my direction.
Placing his hands together like he was getting ready to pray, "Do we have a deal darling Nika. Ten years of beauty and protection, all you need to do is sign the dotted line." Smiling he continued, "I will even add in fortune and financial security for you and your children as a signing bonus."
Whining Nika muttered, "I can't sell my soul. No matter what you offer I can't give you that. Even if it means I can't ever see Rhett again. I can't sell you my soul." Hearing the word‘no’ escape her lips was a gift to my ears. Facing the endless Hell would be pointless when the end result was Nika would end up joining me.
I made my way towards the mirror satisfied that Nika wouldn't make the same terrible choice I did. That no matter how many wounds and scars Jordan would inflict on me, she would be safe and happy in the world of the living. Even in this distorted view with the scars and aging skin,Nika still looked beautiful through my eyes. I think that no matter what, she always will look that way to me. I was standing in front of the mirror watching The Collector try and persuade her, but for the first I saw great value in her superstitious nature. The glass on the mirror started to crackle and quake as it repaired itself. It seemed reasonable that it should do that to protect Nika and the world from the monsters trapped inside. This was the first time that I had thought of myself as a member of that group, but endless bloody battles changes you. It changed me.
The Collector snapped, "Stay out of this Rhett. Go back to your war and leave me to do my business."
The anger was growing inside me realizing that he was still trying to tempt Nika into a deal. The realization that my sacrifice was a useless endeavor if she signed a deal. "You said that if I submitted my soul, you would save her. Her safety and happiness is my business."
A thunderous laugh followed, "No I said that we could stop Jordan from claiming her and we have. Every second that you fight him is me keeping that promise. I own you and you defend her so I am protecting her from him."
I started chopping away at the mirror screaming, "You bastard! You lied to me," but each chip the hatchet made repaired itself immediately. I was in a frenzy trying to break through, but blunt force couldn't break through. No nothing could chip its way through the door to my personal Hell. I started to second guess Nika's resolve and feared his persuasive nature. "Don't do it Nika! Don't trade your soul for a brighter smile. Don't do it."
"You are being a very disobedient child Rhett and a bad child must be punished," the collectors voice boomed from all around me.
I kept smashing away at the mirror cursing him with each blow I struck into the glass. At first I could only feel the tension as my skin started to tighten and the voices inside me started to panic. "You are going to get us all punished," they screamed as they tried to steal control of my body. "We will all burn for what you are doing." I struggled to keep them locked away in the deepest part of me, but they were strong and persistent. A thousand voices sang out in howls and please for mercy as my body burst into flames. Every muscle inside me screamed in agony then went completely numb the higher the flames grew on my body. I always thought that in cases like this the instinct to drop and roll would take over or at least I would be able to run away, but not in my case. The only thing that happened was my body refused to follow my commands and froze. I was trapped in one position screaming, "No Nika," as my flesh was burned to the bone.
The collector laughed chirping, "The deal is done! The mysterious figure you loved is now mine to claim as my own. I will wait with impatience until her term is up and I own the best of her." That's when I knew that the true battle was lost and I had failed her again.  
My reason for living and fighting was gone and the only thing left was the terrible knowledge that soon she would join me. The irony is, I always believed soul mates were meant to spend eternity together and now I wished that Nika didn't have one. For the first time, love seemed more like a curse then a blessing. The flames consumed me. My flesh darkened and the strength faded from within me. Each voice that lived inside me cursed me and howled as it burnt away to nothing. We are all damned and my road to hell wasn't paved with good intensions. It's paved with love and stained with the blood of the guilty souls claimed by madmen and demons.

































Chapter TWENTY TWO
Nika

Rhett just appeared in my arms as my new master had promised, only instead of the handsome figure that I had known and loved, a broken figure with burnt flesh and wide rough scars came in his place. I pulled him close feeling the unnatural heat from his body as it pressed against mine. This wasn't what was promised to me. This figure wasn't the man I remembered, but something deformed and grotesque. His eyes opened and stood out against the crisp black flesh that had been burned to a char. His arm shook as he reached up and stroked the side of my face. "You shouldn't have made the deal."
Weeping I cried out, "I couldn't leave you to face an endless battle with no chance of victory. I couldn't let you pay the price of for my dark desires any longer." I didn't want him to look at me. To see the scars that my sins had left behind to mark my body and remind me that every sin whether real or imagined has a price, but he wouldn't look away.
His hand fell as he gasped, "Jordan will come for you. It's a certainty." I didn't care about my personal monster only that I would have the one I loved back again. For a decade or a day, it didn't really matter as long as we were together when we faced our personal demons.
I almost screamed when I looked in the door way and saw the baby faced Nathaniel standing there with his arms on his hips shaking his head. A look of disappointment filled his face as he stared down at us. We were both marked for our sins and the stains covering our bodies were ugly. The collector gave us each other, but he left his mark not just on our souls, but our bodies as well. "Don't look at us," I screamed as I tried to cover the long wide healed over gashes that covered my flesh, but there were too many to hide.
He ignored us and went straight to the mirror what was covered in words that seemed to be written in blood. Hate, Murder, Own, Kill and the list went on and on. Every imaginable horror that men could imagine and ask for was listed in red. Each was etched into the reflective glass like a reminder. As he stepped in front of it, Jordan appeared and started pounding on the glass causing it to crack with each blow. Nathaniel stepped back as Jordan screamed, "You can't take her away from me. She is mine. Do you hear me? She is mine." Jordan's rage exploded as he kept striking at the glass again and again trying to break free from his prison. Little chips of painted glass broke away falling into the sink as he went. The idea that The Collectors prison couldn't hold him made my whole body tremble. The memories of his brutality were no longer hidden from me so mentally I was reliving the torment that I had lived and would live once more.
Nathaniel held his hand against the shattered mirror. The shards of glass slicing his hand forcing a small stream of blood to drip down the glass as he whispered, "Curet, et Gateway," and the mirror began to glow hues of purplish green then it shattered into dust falling onto the counter top. Turning he said, "That Gateway is sealed."
He was some kind of witch The collector had made that perfectly clear. An enemy of sorts I imagine. "Is it sealed forever?":
Kneeling beside us he whispered, "No not forever. Nothing lasts forever. Not love, Heaven or Hell. The seals will hold until it's time for them to be broken."
Still holding Rhett as close as I could, he cried out, "Then he will hunt and torment us again."
A warm smile filled Nathaniel’s face as he chirped, "He isn't the thing that you need to worry about."
The Collector laughed, "I am. I am the creature that you must face and fear at the end of our deal."
Waving his hand Nathaniel screamed, "Silentium daemonium," and the collector went silent as if commanded.
"Please don't look at me," I pleaded. "I am ugly," as I tried to cover my face.
"Oh if only you could see yourself through my eyes, you would truly understand what beauty is," he said as he pressed his hand against my face. "It takes great courage to trade what you did because of love. I honestly didn't think you would choose your husband over beauty. To choose your love for him over loving yourself, but you did."
I actually couldn't believe it either, but when I saw him burning alive my heart wouldn't let me choose anything else even though I would never look in a mirror again.
Keeping one hand on my cheek and placing the other on Rhett's burnt flesh he screamed, "Pulchritudinem et sanitatem," and my whole body started to tingle. Rhett's flesh began to crackle and glow as the burnt scared flesh started to glow and become healthy again.  
Nathaniel's arms trembled and shook as he said, "Pulchritudinem et sanitatem," over and over each time Rhett's body transformed more and more until he looked just like the man I met a decade before. I was amazed at the sheer power that the boy displayed. He leaned back against the counter exhausted and covered in sweat. 
“You healed him. Does this mean that we are free of Jordan and The Collector?” I know that I was asking for a lot from this stranger, but obviously he was more than just a witch, like my new master had said. He vanished him with a swipe of his hand. 
With a slow sad look in his eyes he responded, “No I didn’t heal him and I can’t save your soul. That is something beyond my power.” Taking a deep breath, he added, “I just created the illusion of beauty for you both. I can’t take away the burden you both must bear, but you both will see yourselves the way you were meant to be. You will age and be able to live life without the constant reminder of the choice that you made.” Taking my hand, he kissed it whispering, “Amare,” and the word written on my hand faded away. 
“So we are doomed to be dragged to Hell.” I knew that it would happen. That choosing Rhett over my soul would have a great consequence. I chose him and even now, I had no regrets, just fear.
“That is not exactly accurate,” he said as he leaned forward clasping his hands together. “My family has secrets Mrs. Masterson. Dark secrets. We all have skeletons in our closets.” Slipping his hand into his pocket he pulled out a yellowish faded piece of paper with a red wax seal and handed it to me. I was looking at it curiously and was about to break the seal when he snapped, “Don’t open it. The contents are not for you to see.”
I dropped it on the floor and wondered why he gave it to me and what it meant. Why give it to me in the first place? He picked it up and put it in my hand with such a serious look in his eyes. It felt heavier then it looked, like there was something metal inside. A coin or something similar I guess was wrapped in the paper. “You must keep this safe. Lock it away until your contract is almost due. Never open it, just keep it and days before you must pay your price go to the address written on the back.” 
“Is this your address?” I asked more confused than anything else. 
“Yes, but I don’t think I will be there and even if I was, I couldn’t help you.”
“Then why am I going and who am I going to see?”
“You will ask for my brother Renaud. You must only give this to him and make sure he opens it. Tell him I sent you and he must open this. You must insist that he open it and he will understand.” The boyish man seemed to be trying to hold back tears as he stressed. 
“Can he save us?”
“My family has secrets Mrs. Masterson. The kind that I think you might be able to appreciate now that you are in the position that you are in now. If anyone has a chance to beat the Collector, it will be my brother. I will summon him and he will come. The only way to beat a monster is to send one after him and hope that you are on the side with the biggest one.”
“So you want me to trust one demon to defeat another one.” I really didn’t want to make another deal to try and break this one. It was like gambling. You lose a lot of money that you can’t afford to lose so you borrow more and lose it gambling trying to recover what you originally lost. It’s a useless endless cycle. 
He stood up and started walking away stopping at the door way. “Just make sure that my brother gets the message Mrs. Masterson. He will be interested in the contents and it might just be enough to save your souls. Some deals are meant to be broken and some secrets when they are discovered can change the world. Let’s just hope that my families secret is big enough to save you and your husband.” 
That was the last time I ever saw Nathaniel Barthélémy. I would hear about him again, but it would be an obituary barely noticed by most of the population, but I always felt that the cause of his brutal murder was set in motion right here on my bathroom floor the day he gave me the faded yellow paper with a message for his brother.       
































ABOUT THE AUTHOR



When J.D. Simser is not too busy 'saving the world' or 'being awesome' he enjoys chasing sunsets and waterfalls. OK maybe he... does not save the world, but he is always dreaming big and chasing those dreams wherever they might lead him.
Monday through Friday, he's an IT ninja, defending "the people and their computers" against nasty viruses and hackers. Wielding his mouse like a set of flaming nun chucks, causing most unwanted applications to shrivel back in shame. By night and weekends he is the king of scary monsters and romance sitting at his computer writing about endless love and those that grab hold of it and never let go, no matter.
      Like most writers his goal is to put the pictures that are in his mind on paper and invite his readers on a heartfelt yet terrifying journey between heaven and earth and watch the war between Demons, Angels and a multitude of other creatures. As much as his readers tell him that his characters shock them so do his readers shock him too. The most evil characters are the ones he hears are the most interesting and some of the ones he thinks will be the most beloved characters are the most hated

